<Author>milyvels
<Content>great hotel Good location in wangfujing where you can shop, dine, etc.The famous quan ju de (peking duck restaurant) is just a walking distance, the biggest book store (wangfujing book store) is also just a walking distance. The hotel is magnificent, two thumbs up for the concierge, they speak good english, will always guide you the way to go. Whenever we will go out of the hotel, we will drop by the concierge, then they will write down in chinese the name of the destination to show it to the taxi driver and will give you the card of the name of the hotel (crowne plaza wangfujing) in chinese for the taxi driver, for us to go back to the hotel. We watched the acrobatic show, it's expensive but we have a very good seat, and it is really worth, really really great show. We bought the ticket also from the concierge in the hotel.We booked the deluxe room through the hotel website, but when we arrived no deluxe room ready yet, so they gave us the suite room which i have to pay extra for this, but the next day i complained to the management, and they just upgraded it with the same rate for the deluxe room. Great service!!The housekeeper is also magnificent ... though they can't speak english at all, we use the sign language, sometimes both of us and my kids will laugh at each other, they are so friendly.The only complain is the breakfast, we stay there for 7 nights, and we ate the same various of breakfast, nothing new .... ooops  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>AnnieS2008
<Content>Hotel fine, but concierge terrible This hotel was overall fine but one area that really needed improvement was the concierge. Although extremely friendly and apparently trying to be helpful they gave me terrible advice. First I told them I wanted to see the famous Beijing acrobats. Only after I bought an expensive ticket did I realize that I should have been more explicit. I double checked with them asking if there was more than one particularly well know acrobatic troop and I was assured that this was the one I would want to see. Unfortunately they sent me to a terrible show performed by children (really) in which the juggler dropped the ball, etc. It was like going to a show of someone's talented niece. But it cost about $40.00! Oh, and when it was over I was in the middle of nowhere alone with no one anywhere to be found who spoke English and nowhere to hail a taxi. Everyone else seemed to have arrived in tour buses. I stood around trying to figure out what to do when a taxi just luckily pulled into a space nearby and I was able to return to the hotel. This is the kind of thing a concierge should know and plan for (they knew when the show ended and could have had a cab pick me up) The whole thing was a nightmare. The concierge seemed very surprised when I told him (nicely) how terrible the show had been and said it was the one that the hotel had told them to send people to. The next piece of bad advice was that I should walk to Tiennaman Square instead of taking a taxi. The concierge assured me it was a ten minute walk but in fact was well over half an hour. I only had about three hours altogether before I had to be back so it made a big difference. A ten minute walk is not the same as 30 minutes and they should know that. Nice guys working there but terrible advice. One nice thing about the hotel -- they said they had overbooked regular rooms so they put me in a suite with access to the special accommodations including happy hour and breakfast for the same price.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>scarlett345
<Content>Good hotel, good location I stayed at the Crowne Plaza for several days on a business trip in November. The location of the hotel is good, being located fairly centrally on Wangfujing St, which is one of the main streets of Beijing. It is near a big pedestrian mall where there are the more expensive western shops, McDonalds etc, but also near some more traditional Chinese shops and the night food market. Wangfujing Cathedral is also close by. It is around 20 mins walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City.My room at the hotel was fine, with a comfortable king size bed, good bathroom and fluffy robes and slippers which I love. It was very quiet and looked out over Wangfujing St. Breakfast was included, which was very good with both western and Asian food choices, although not outstanding. The staff were very polite and extremely helpful and many spoke English. The only disappointment for me was the cost of internet access which was very expensive, I think it was 240RMB per day. Overall I was very happy and would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>rockyroad43
<Content>love the hotel. love this hotel..its almost new..everyday they give you new supplies..from slippers to toothbrush..breakfast was included with our tour....the food was great..from chinese to american food. Its a five minute walk to subway  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zoomer-7
<Content>Great location, prices high On business in Beijing means you need somewhere central and with a good staff to understand your needs. The staff speak excellent english and you certainly feel like you are well treated and respected.This hotel is great.The breakfast selection is exceptional and the rooms are clean and modern. The internet is free and the usual fare of services are available like massage etc. The Gym is good (readers of my reviews would be surprised about this due to my new found fitness regime!) along with the pool and sauna availability.Sadly the bar scene in the evening is poor due to no-one being there (we went to Shangri-la Kerry Centre and it was pumping in comparison). If you feel the inclination, the Karaoke list is huge.ProsLocationStaffConsPrice  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>AKLVancouver_Canada_
<Content>Not too bad       deluxe hotel room  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>travelcouple247
<Content>Small rooms I am not impressed with this hotel for the price! Like many of the the chinese people in Wangfujing area (what we now call screw the foreigners area)--the hotel front desk staff incessantly tries to sell you extras on top of your room--upgrades etc. The hotel has small rooms that are dated and not so clean carpets....no extras....and is in general a mediocre holiday inn--nothing special! The only reason to stay here is to stay in the area. BUT I am sure you can get a better deal at one of the many adjacent hotels.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>xtremetraveler
<Content>Great Convention Hotel       this is the convention center accross the street  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JPDeM
<Content>Good location but very thin walls I had stayed at this hotel before but never realized that there are two types of rooms. The majority have a window looking out at the street while some overlook the hotel bar area. I found that there was little sound proofing in these rooms. Hearing the music from the hotel bar is not the biggest issue. Having to continuously hear your neighbour speak and cough in annoying. The problem is mostly but, not only, due to the single door between communicating rooms as you get a lot of noise from the corridors. You have to hope that your neighbours are not on their honeymoon.As a platinum member of the Priority club i was given an upgrade. it makes me wonder what a lesser rooom would look like. The basement maybe?The hotel location is good as you can walk to the subway and Forbidden city from there (but a good walk). The annoying thing is that you need to walk through the scammers and ladies offering lady massage to make it to your hotel. At least the very obvious hotel security keeps them out of the hotel lobby - possibly to protect their own massage business......  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Anke1220
<Content>Great central location Good room, very good bed, nice bathroom, great breakfast. Location is top: right within main shopping area, within walking distance to forbidden city, tianmen square etc. Friendly, helpful and competent concierge-team. We were very happy with our choice.This is a Classical Crown Plaza, that you cannot compare to some of the newer Design Hotels, that might exist now in China as well (?).  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>taiji_lee
<Content>Excellent hotel..great room..my choice for my next Trip to Beijing       the bed room  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KiwiExplorer
<Content>More than just a great location       Club level Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Doughballs
<Content>Great location Best thing about this hotel for us was the location. It is situated on Wangfujing Street, the main shopping street. It is literally 2 minutes walk to the pedestrianised area, and also to the night market just off Wangfujing Street where you can find all the food stalls (seahorses, cicadas, beetles, scorpions etc....not for the faint hearted. We didn't try but it was fun to visit) and trinket/souvenir stalls. Hotel itself is fine, but given the choice again I would not have chosen a western chain hotel, but gone for a Chinese one instead. Room very comfortable, just as you would expect. Hotel food pricey, but there is a great little restaurant almost opposite the extrance to the hotel (Cant remember the name but there is a sign for Peking Duck outside) - which looked empty, but when we went in it was full of people at the back, it was about æ‹¢15 for 2 people incl a bottle of wine, and really good food. If I was in Beijing on business then this hotel would be a really good choice for me, but maybe I would not choose it again as a tourist.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>FromNYC-NJ
<Content>Great hotel, great price This hotel was great and I have to say exceeded my expectations. Now, I'm not saying it's the most amazing hotel I've ever been to, but it's a great hotel that satisfied all my needs and went above and beyond my expectations. I stayed here for 11 nights in April 2008. The room itself was spotless and the maid cleaned very well each day. I never had a problem in my room whatsoever. The furnishings were very nice, updated, new... as a result of their recent renovation a couple of years ago. The bathroom was very updated and clean. The bed was amazingly comfortable, but it's possible that was the jetlag and Tsingtao beer talking. The location is great, right on Wangfujing where there are tons of (upscale American  European) stores mixed in with Chinese tea  souvenir shops. The Forbidden City  Tiennemen is about a 15-20 minute walk. We also walked to the Temple of Heaven but I think most folks would want to take a cab. The Grand Hyatt (great restaurants) and Oriental Plaza shopping mall is a 10 minute walk, tops. At the Crowne Plaza, the front desk and concierge were extremely friendly  efficient, and I'm very surprised to read other reviews that stated otherwise. We checked in mid-day Saturday when I'd think it would be busy and yes there were a few people on line but there were 4 people working behind the desk plus one person exchanging money. We didn't wait long at all. Each time we visited the front desk there were at least 2 people working, even when we came home late-night at 3 or 4 am. The concierge, I'm not joking, always had at least 3 people working, if not 5 or 6. We would laugh because we weren't sure which of the guys to speak to since there were so many, although we did become friends with one of them by the end of our trip! The concierge made ALL my dinner reservations for 11 nights, wrote all of the names down in Chinese so that my cab driver would understand, and then in the evenings either the concierge guys or the 2-3 staff members standing outside hailing cabs for us would explain to the cab driver exactly where we wanted to go. I was astounded at how nice everyone was because some of the other reviews stated otherwise. I didn't eat in any of the restaurants in the hotel. Nothing really jumped out at me so I guess you could consider that a drawback - I wish there were better restaurants. My husband did eat lunch at the Essence restaurant buffet 3 days with colleagues and he said it was good, it was fine, nothing to write home about. We did visit Purple (formerly the Champagne Bar) almost every night - usually it was empty and we were the only people but we had a lot of friends with us so we brought our own party. We loved this place, although if it was just my husband  I it would have been weird just the two of us sitting in Purple alone. And I mean it's usually empty from opening at 5 pm to closing at like maybe 2 am? Once Purple closed we went to the 24 hour lounge right next to the front lobby and no one ever bothered us even until 4 and 5 am and there were 10-15 of us. We had the concierge level 'access' where we had breakfast each morning (6:30 am - 10:30 am) and 'happy hour' each evening (5:00 pm - 7:00 pm). The breakfast had the usual breads  pastries, juices, chafing dishes with hashbrowns, bacon, etc and also had an omlet bar which I usually don't see at this type of concierge breakfast. And being open until 10:30 was a total bonus since we are late sleepers. At the evening happy hour there was unlimited wine, beer, and liquor and each day they rotated with about 6 different hors d'ouevres. All day long is free soda, water, juice, and peanuts. I'm not sure what this cost extra but we took advantage every day for breakfast, happy hour, and waters prior to sightseeing. It was certainly worth the extra money (whatever we paid?).This is a great hotel and the price is right. If you're looking for extreme extravegance certainly go to the ShangriLa, Raffles, Grand Hyatt, or even the Sheraton... but this hotel is really nice, updated, very clean, and the personnel I found to be absolutely wonderful. For my next visit I will certainly stay at the Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Nitr0gen
<Content>Average Business Class Hotel I work in a hotel and I guess I can understand the limitations that hotels usually face. This hotel overall was ok, I don't think it stands out in my memory as being one of the best, nor one of the worst. Most of the facilities and services here are, well, ordinary. One any traveller would expect. There was only 1 person working behind the counter when I checked in. He took quite a while to get to me as the guest in front was asking a lot of questions about travellers cheques. Anyway, I get to the room and it is pretty alright. Spacious, big bed, good view, nice bathroom, well stocked mini bar and everything. I went upstairs to the Club floor to look around and this didn't impress me. I'm quite sure that an executive floor can afford a better selection of food/snacks for their evening cocktail.The swimming pool was small, but the gym was adequate. There were 3 staff at the driveway - 2 door people and 1 security officer. They did not offer to help me get a taxi and even when I asked, they were a bit slow to react. Busy? I don't think so, I was the only one standing there, while the 2 girls chatted away before I approached them. Breakfast at the coffeehouse was the usual hotel buffet, there was, however, a good selection of croissants/pastries and breads for those that like that sort of thing along with the usual bacon, sausages and cereals thing. I did not have lunch or dinner in any of the restaurants, but I had a drink in the bar which was nice, relaxing and the staff here were attentive. One night, I returned late and I had to walk behind(!) the counter to the back office to ask someone to come out and help me as my magnetic door key didn't work. As luck would have it, it still didn't and I had to come down again.The hotel is at least very close to Wang Fu Jing and is about 20 to 25 mins walk from Tiananmen. Train station is a good 10 mins away.Overall, I guess I would return to this hotel in future but I won't expect much.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Mark_from_Thailand
<Content>Good location, mostly good service Crowne Plaza is a good hotel with a good location, right at the top of one of the main shopping streets.I stayed there recently in 3 rooms, with my wife  the kids as we explored Beijing for 6 days.Check-in is a little bureaucratic  not the fastest but it is fine, with pleasant staff. The rooms are comfortable, flat screen LCD TV, CNN, HBO etc. Internet works well, bathrooms are clean with all the expected amenities.When we were short of stuff in the bathroom, housekeeping turned up fast but it has to be said their English understanding is rudimentary. However, sign language worked fine  they were very helpful.The breakfast is extensive but the pastires are doughly  the staff are a little too enthusiastic in the clearing of dirty dishes sometimes. Try the cappuccino at breakfast - it's much better than the black sludge!The walls of the rooms are VERY thin - even to the extent smoke from adjacent smokers seems to seep through. If you do not smoke, ensure you get a room on a non smoking floor.Overall a pleasant stay  we would recommend this hotel for trips to Beijing.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>finnsino
<Content>Best mix of everything in Wangfujing area in Beijing. Stay at Crowne Plaza Beijing a few times from 2005 to 2007. Best mix of price, service and location in Wangfujing area in Beijing.Great location. Walking distance to the Forbidden City and Wangfujing Shopping District. Good restaurants around.Try to get a corner room for big windows facing west or south. Hotel reception staff has been very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mikezens
<Content>Good standard hotel       bathroom  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>RacheleAustralia
<Content>First class location and venue - all positive Selected Crown Plaze on the basis of TripAvisor.com reviews and found the hotel first class. Very clean and ALL staff spoke English including concierge and room attendants. Well located just one block away from the centre of the shopping district. Become a Priority Club member (free) and stay on the 'Club' floor and get free internet and light dinners. Has a great swimming pool and spa for the kids. Massage provided as well. Surprisingly the centre of Beijing is close to all the tourist venues. In particular the Crown Plaza was very close (20 minutes by car) to Forbidden City,Tiananmen Square, Lama Temple. Also near local Hutongs - local housing, local restaurants (meals for $2 per person), local shopping strip. Right next to China Merchant Bank where we could change money and had about 8 cash machines which took VISA Card. Note most places take cash only - so being near a bank was very important. We ate at local restaurants, but not open markets as advised by our local Beijing guide Qing (pronounced Ching) who guided us for 8 days. We found Qing on TripAdvisor and she was amazing. We have three children and Qing and her driver made the trip a lifetime highlight. Contact Qing on [--]. Qing also took us skiing, which was very cheap and of course the Great Wall, Acrobatic and Kung-Fu shows, Antique market, Vegetarian restaurant. Having a local Beijing Chinese guide is the way to go - you save the daily fee many times over by not getting lost and also buying local goods at local prices - Qing made bargaining a lot more equal. Importantly Qing did not send us to shops like other guides. She refused tips or commissions - refer to other TripAdvisor feedback for confirmation. Beijing far exceeded our expectations. PS. Shanghai was a disappointment by comparison.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mistrir
<Content>Good Value but with flaws stayed here 4th Jan for 4 nights, check in process quite swift, however, even though a Priority club Gold member received no perks or even free newspaper... :-( The hotel and rooms were modern, clean, nicely furnished with comfy beds, nice bathroom amenities and good lcd tv. The location was also very good for shopping as the main street was just 5mins away. Taxis were easy to get from the hotel entrance and there were a few local cafes / eatery's for breakfast and late night chilling As on a room-only basis, didn't get chance to try the breakfast in the lobby restaurant, however, had tea and cake there one evening which was very tasty. I would like to point out, the service was very slow here even though there were only 3groups of people in the lounge area.Tried the gym which was ok, nice modern machines, i recall 2bikes, 2 treadmills, some free weights and a few other machines which was more than sufficient as it was totally empty. Pool was empty and ok, maybe a little cold for my liking.Concierge staff very help on most occasions, making restaurant reservations and advising us on the different aspects of the Great Wall excursion.ok, to the downsides,1. front desk could not deal with complaints, our toilet was not functioning and 3 times we spoke with them to get it sorted, yet it was not after 3 'apparent' visits from maintanance, finally we demanded they moved us, but the next room the safe didn't work. I was so angry we didn't unpack our bags, we just walked off telling the to move us to a better room or we were off to another hotel. On return, safe fixed, no apology...2. We consistently received electric shocks from everything we touched once inside the hotel, after chatting with other guests, i know we were not alone. After 2-3days of getting little shocks, this was a real nuisance. I guess this must be down to shoddy wiring3. The electronic room card kept stop working, as regularly had loads of shopping, we had to keep going back downstairs with all our gear to get another room card. It must of gone 10 times over the 4day period.In summary, this hotel overall was good value at $90 but i cannot rate it above average due to it's failings, if it sorted these out, i would most definitely say it was well above average - excellent  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	-1	3	4	-1	

<Author>AnotherFla.Mom
<Content>Very disappointed I stayed here with my two teenage sons December 21 - 25, 2007. The hotel was okay, but certain aspects of it were infuriating. Our room was on the second floor, directly above the main, Chinese, restaurant. The worst problem with the room was that it was always HOT. We could not get it cool and management was not helpful in this regard. In retrospect, we probably should have insisted that they move us to another room, as they did not appear to be full. Outside the temperature ranged from around 25 - 41 degrees Fahrenheit. I'm not sure what the temperature was in our room, but both my sons and I were uncomfortable all the time---we slept with as few clothes on as we decently could and we resorted to turning on very, very few of the lights, which were mostly either halogen or incandescent. The second worst problem was that the dresser drawers were very poorly built---they were shallow and they scraped and dropped wood shavings all over the clothes. In addition, the carpet in our room was old, very worn, and permanently dirty and the cleaning staff replenished the 3 small bottles of hotel-branded water only twice during our stay. Finally, apparently because of its location right above the restaurant, the hallway smelled of kitchen exhaust, which was just really unpleasant. On the plus side, the beds and pillows were comfortable and the bathroom was nice. The staff was generally very nice; however, they did not appear to know that the fifth line subway was open (or how to get to it, even though it is very nearby) and it was not shown on the hotel's subway maps. Their English language skills were adequate. The breakfast buffet, which was included in the room was pretty good---there were lots of choices and I would think anyone could find something to eat that they like. The hotel is conveniently located for shopping and to major tourist attractions. I would be very hesitant to stay at this hotel again. I certainly would not stay on the 2nd floor and I would ask specifically if the air conditioning in the room had been recently replaced.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>JulzE
<Content>OK hotel in good location We stayed 2 nights here at the end of our holiday in China. Our internet booking had not been received by the hotel and they were not helpful in sorting this out. It was seen as our problem not theirs. We were staying in the King club level and would have expected more VIP service. When we were finally able to contact Wotif.com they were extremely helpful and sorted out our problem straight away. The room was a bit dated, but reasonably opulent. The bathroom was huge and luxurious. I am not sure I like the inward looking hotel rooms, where the windows overlook the central atrium and all can see me if I dont keep the windows shut. Breakfast was ordinary. The hotel is located in Wangfujing street but it is a good walk to the main restaurant and shopping areas, so not quite as well located as the address made it sound.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>mango_eater
<Content>Fantastic hotel in Beijing!       Front of Crowne Plaza Beijing  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Capitol Hill
<Content>Great Choice in Beijing Spent five nights total (a three-night stay then a two-nighter at the end of our trip) at the Crowne Plaza in Beijing last week and, while already optimistic about our stay, thanks to other Tripadvisor reviews, am now plesed to say our expectations were surpassed. The rooms are well-designed with lots of counter space and good closets. Beds comfortable with nice duvets. The staff will bend over backwards to accommodate you in every way. It is true, as observed by others, the English skills of most staff are limited at best. But they are patient and persistent and will do everything they can to help out. Since we ran into travelers from Russia, Italy and various Middle Eastern states, English isn't the only language they were struggling with! The location is also great, less than a half-hour walk to the east gate of the Forbidden City and a few minutes more to get to Tiannanmen Square.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LOLS{good/bad}
<Content>Loved ! When i walked into the atirum of the hotel , i was like zomg ! the atrium was beautfullt designed . i loved the glass lifts the roamed up and down the atrium ! Service : Best Service ! I was very hungry in the morning and i nid to leave the hotel for an important meeting . I had no time for the breakfast . Their staffs , pack a few dishes for me to eat on my way . I was so happy !Room . Cool ! The room was beautifully , compactly designed with a flat screen TV and a frosted glass bathroom .Location : Right in the centre of all places . A short walk to the silk market ETC .My FAV hotel in beijing .Reccomended to stay here . Great ! Staying here wont make u lose anything but u will gain from it ! Signing off  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>doctorfoxtrot
<Content>Definitely Good Value for Money Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights last May 2007 with my family. Strategic location near Wangfujing Avenue. Rooms are spacious and very functional. Efficient service particularly by the staff in the lobby lounge and coffee shop. Many speak good English but not with the engineering and maintenance personnel. Buffet breakfast was excellent. A word of caution though: do not go out at night if you're in a small group since there are beggars who tend to surprise and harass you. I would assume that by the time of the Olympics this would be resolved. Overall though, the breakfast , location and the rooms make this a good value for money. Would not hesitate recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Miriam6
<Content>Great Location! Right in the middle of the WangfuYing Area. Lots of restaurants and shopping right out the door! Don't miss the night stalls/market, it was great fun.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>c0untFl0rida
<Content>A good (not great) hotel in Beijing Locally rated as a 5 star hotel, the Crowne Plaza is barely 4 star, in our opinion. Rooms are not overly large but more than adequate, well-furnished, comfortable beds, with a good desk and very fast Internet service. The food in the lobby restaurant is OK, but the restaurant is over-crowded at peak times, and service then can be slow to nonexistent, although this isn't a disaster as most everything is buffet style. The other hotel services are good, as is the location. Not bad, but it could easily be better.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>segmd
<Content>great location Great location at the end of the pedestrian mall on Wangfujing in Bejing. You can walk to the Fobidden City. The hotel is definitely not 5 Stars as advertised but it is very nice and clean. The staff is very helpful and the beds are very comfortable. We enjoyed this hotel very much and definitely recommend it. Beware of the exhorbitant fees the business center charges.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>WesleyPipes
<Content>Great Location       Forbidden City  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nomadralph
<Content>Supereior amenities, excellent service, few smiles Difficult to be disappointed with the beautifully appointed rooms and bath facilities. This hotel is newly refurbished and has the feel and look of a four plus star hotel.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DRLouise
<Content>Great hotel for the price and location We stayed here Sept 16-21 and I would highly recommend it for anyone who wants a reasonable price in central location. The room was very nice and modern, Flat plat TVs, updated bathrooms and Clean duvet covelets instead of bedspreads. They had a great breakfast buffet for both east and west appetites. The hotel is 15 minutes from Tiananmen Square and forbidden city. Once you come out of the hotel Watch for students(young adults) trying to get you to try some tea or see paintings. They are scams to get your money.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HardieBoys
<Content>Great location       View of atrium  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>travelboundDC
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in Great Location This is the 3rd time I've stayed at this hotel. The location is very good, within a short walking distance to a great walking street with lots of shops and restaurants. The first two times I stayed here it was 2003, but I just came back with my husband in September 2007 and the rooms have been completely renovated. They are extremely clean and modern looking with all of the amenities you could want. It wouldhave been nice to get free internet service but accessing the internet from your room was only 100 yuan per 24 hours. I highly recommend staying at the hotel, but wouldn't eat at the Cantonese restaurant - it's way overpriced and not very good. We booked the hotel through Travel China Guide. I tried to do a comparison of booking through them and booking on our own and it seemed to be aboutthe same.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mjjking
<Content>Very nice hotel, outstanding position!       Working area  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>goldcountry1849
<Content>Crowne Plaza, Beijing Good place, at least 4 star. Nice accomodations. This was my second stay in past year there, and the maintainance is still good. Could work on bar business, but western breakfast excellent.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>FYR
<Content>Good location... Busy hotel as centrally located. Front desk staff are 'functional', don't expect a smile from them. Same goes for the Coffee House. Smiles only comes from the porters who seem to have the right attitude and are very accommodating.My room was comfortable, clean and fitted with all amenities. It's a 5 star hotel alright but the staff are really 2 star!I would still recommend this hotel as it's in a convenient location...  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>BNPE-H
<Content>a nice hotel makes your stay much better !! This is the first time I rate a hotel with 5 yellows : Excellent.All is good in this hotel : the location on Wangfujing street in the center, the rooms, the pool, the elevators, and above all the service, they are always ready to help you.The only bad point is the price for internet : 20 dollars US an hour !!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Blossom55
<Content>Well located nice accommodation The Hyatt it isn't but for what you pay it is very good accommodation.Reception staff speak and understand the English that they have learned, this does not allow for the understanding of out of the ordinary situations. They do their job well enough.The basic rooms are clean, spacious and well facilitated and the bathrooms follow suit. The cleaning staff did their job well. The supply of bottled water to clean one's teeth was a nice touch.The restaurant staff were somewhat overly attentive and often appeared confused by requests made. There was very little available to choose from on the wine list. Most products listed were 'not currently available' or they had 'just run out' . We also found it was the same with certain types of beer listed - not available.The location was perfect as a departure point for seeing many of the Beijing tourist attractions.Breakfast, though with plenty of variety, was just not quite right. The juices, as an example, seemed to be like facsimilies of themselves. They had a slimy texture. The breads were excellent but the cooked offerings, again, had something not quite right about them. Maybe this is the case across China where the local ingredients used seem to come across with a different taste and texture to elsewhere?  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>JeepBilly
<Content>Great place to stay. I stayed at the CP in Beijing for 3 nights in early July of 2007. I had previously been in Qingdao for business and decided to fit a few days of RR in on the way back home.The hotel itself is great. I'm not going to rant and rave about it - but it was very nice. I stayed in a Club level room, and it was nice - but I didn't feel like it was anything to really go nuts about. It was an interior room, so the windows looked out over the restaurant and lobby. The chair at the desk wasn't very nice and the internet cord didn't reach very far. The bathroom was AMAZING with seperate soaking tub and even a sitting area (?). I would have rather my room have a bigger sofa or something have a place to sit in the bathroom. The buffet was very good. Reading the reviews about breakfast there I was expecting to be blown away. Don't get me wrong - it was very nice, but I didn't think it was *that* special. The location is AWESOME. The service is AWESOME. Definetly go the Great Wall, but not in an organized tour. Ask the concierge to book a car for you. Its about $20 more than going on a group tour and takes 4 hours less (no stops that I didn't care about seeing and no special shopping spots), not to mention you go to a better part of the wall.A foot massage outside of the hotel (just out the front door and half a block down) costs half as much and is twice as long. $90 minutes for about $13.All in all a great place to stay. I would most likely stay there again - but would read reviews of other hotels as well, first. Overall - its a great, safe, bet.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Russiancrusher
<Content>Stay no where else Spent 7 nights at the Crowne Plaza. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and this hotel for the money was the best. Booked a Jr. King Suite/Club floor level (approx. $180/night w/tax). The hotel was nicely decorated, the room was large with stall shower and separate tub/shower. Bed, linen and towels were top-notch. Best thing was the LOCATION. Close to major shopping, night food market, good places to eat and taxis were cheap to everywhere since the hotel is located in the central part of the city. You could walk to the Forbidden City, but the cab was only 12 RMB(about $1.60US). Conserve your energy seeing the sights and cab everywhere. Club floor privileges provides free soft drinks and beer from the mini-bar in your room and in the club lounge, one free shirt or blouse laundered/day( bring less clothes)and free breakfast. The lounge has a light breakfast, free drinks all day and light snacks in the evening. The staff were great and the club staff arranged a private car and english-speaking guide for a day out to the Great Wall (reasonable fee). We arranged for the hotel to provide a car to pick us up from the airport. It costs a bit much more then a cab( 400RMB vs. 80 RMB) but the service was worth it. We were met at the gate by an airport official who gathered our carry-ons, obtained a luggage cart and past us rapidly through immigration, health check, baggage claim and out to the waiting car without any hassles. We were on the way to the hotel within minutes of arrival. Met at the door of the hotel by a club level concerierge who arrange to have the luggage taken right to our room and us to the 8th floor club check-in where we were offered refreshments and check-in to our room within 5 minutes. Each room has two bottles of water/day and more is available in the club lounge. The free breakfast buffet is the best we have had anywhere in the US or Europe. Asian food freshly cooked, american items( bacon, eggs, omlets, cereals, etc.)european items( cheeses, meats, german sausages), 5 kinds of juices, danish, breads, pastrys, bagels. Too many items to mention. My advice, eat a huge breakfast early at the hotel, have a nice big lunch out when sightseeing or shopping in the midafternoon and have a evening snack in the club lounge. This way we were able to save money by eating only one nice meal out/day and having more money for shopping. Late evening stroll to the night food market just south of the hotel for a snack of scorpions-on-a-stick or silkworm larvae on-a-stick or other unique items you might wish to sample. We visited some other hotels while in Beijing (more expensive ones such as the St. Regis) but none were as nice with the great location as the Crowne Plaza. We would stay here again without question and could not find anything to complain about.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kbisok
<Content>Crowne Plaza Beijing is superb The hotel is greatly located at the end of the big shopping street Wangfujing. We had club floor rooms and they cost al little more but have some great extra's like free internet free soda (in room and lounge) free washing of a shirt per day. Free breakfast in the lounge or the buffet. You're own check in desk.The rooms are very nice and have all the comforts you need and more. Personall is very friendly and try to speak english ;-)Location is very good you just walk out and are on the mayor shopping street. We could walk to forbidden city, and tianmen sqaure. Breakfast is good. The only bad thing: we had to leave...  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ChicagoMusicFan
<Content>Nice Hotel, Bad Service My room was very nice. It was clean and comfortable and quiet. It was also walking distance to the Forbidden City (it's kind of a long walk though). The hotel service was terrible. The concierge service was worthless. Every time I asked for a restaurant recommendation they seemed surprised that I'd be asking such a question, and their recommendation was never very good. I'd stay here again because the hotel is very nice, but I wouldn't rely on the concierge. If you do talk to the concierge, talk to one of the older guys and not the bell boys.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	1	5	

<Author>grahatd
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Great Location       Hotel from Wangfujing Dajie  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>horns72
<Content>Very Very nice hotel w/ fabulous buffet breakfast Stayed 3 nights when on tour with travelchinaguides.com(also excellent 5 star english tour of Beijing). Rooms are large and very quiet (1 of our 4 on street and still very quiet). Great bathrooms with great water pressure, etc.. very clean. And the breakfast buffet was as good as it gets. Stay here, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tripaddicted
<Content>Crowne Plaza Beijing Hotel - A Modern-class Hub Stay there for the first time for 3 nights at Deluxe Room City View (much larger than the Superior one). A deluxe room is more glam though with modern touch. The room has a nice bathroom and bath tub with shower. Toilet amenities are Crowne' owned products. Double Kingsize bed is comfort, with 4 comfy pillows. Room is well-lighted in modern-minimalist style, flat-screen TV, mini bar, free coffe/tea and mineral water. Broadband access is available at minimum charge. Breakfast is remarkable with varieties are wide from local chinese  dim sum, japanese sushi  miso soup, or continental styles - with choices of fresh fruit juices, cereals, yoghurts, chesee, jams, cakes, croissant, sandwiches and bread in the buffet. The breakfast venue is at the ground floor towards a window glasses on the road side of Wang Fujing, the decoration is mixed modern classic. Staffs are attentive though with some language barrier. Location is premier,easy to get taxis with minimum fare to go to anywhere in the city. It is located in the busiest city in Beijing where all big shopping centers, shops and eateries are within walking distance. Though a nearest subway station is about 1 km and to Tian An Men square is about 1.5 km. Sun Dong An shopping mall is 5 minutes walk and Quan Ju De restaurant with its famous Beijing Duck is reachable by 10 minutes walk. Checking-in  checking-out are fast and efficient though might be a bit waiting due to overcrowded guests. Overall, it is one of the best hotel choosen by the executives in Beijing nowadays. Nevertheless it is a good choice for leisure travellers too.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>caileag
<Content>Loved it...... This was a fabulous hotel!location: easy access to the major beiing attractionsfoyer: beautiful, open and spacious.room: bed...huge, bathroom.. beautiful. Had all the fixtures and fittings you could want.restaurant: breakfast was good, but expensive by beijing standards.staff: fabulously friendly especially the door staff and conceierge. We wanted to go to a pearl store, they found the best, called the cab, explained to the driver. perfectly smooth.cost: we paid $120AUD a night, we got above and beyond for that price.Would definitely stay here again!Only one comment (not about hotel), we organised tours before leaving Australia, they are shocking, 12 hours of visits to factories! Best idea is through the concierge to hire a driver for the day to take you to the Great Wall etc, cheaper and more informative!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>eurotraveler
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel and a Great Base for Beijing Touring Booked this hotel for four nights in April (07) based on the feedbackfrom TripAdvisor reviewers. As always, this paid off - The Crowne Plaza Beijing is a lovely, modern hotel situated on Wangfujing Avenue, one of the best shopping areas in the city and widely known by drivers, guides and taxis city-wide. This last factor, its noteriety, is particulary valuable to a foreign tourist. I stayed on a Club Floor, with access to the lounge for breakfast and cocktails. This was a nice amenity, as the ample buffet was always just down the corridor and opened at 6:30 a.m. Club Floor staff also assisted with airline questions, check in-out, and other questions. The rooms were huge, with very comfortable king-sized beds and nicelyappointed (huge, too) bathrooms. The latter with shower room, large tub and a wide array of personal items. I found hotel staff to be friendly and extremely courteous. Most staff could speak a little English, allowing you to communicate and get answers. The travel office was very helpful in confirming airlinereservations and the business center helped pack and ship items to my home. (A word to the wise - this service does not includebubble wrapping, etc., so make sure to pack all items carefully as they will be roughly handled on the trip home.) The entry attendants always made sure that taxis were properly instructed on your destination, and they always provided a business card with the hotel's name and address and your destination in Chinese to you. The only criticism I have is with the currency exchange service. This is perfomed at the front desk, where it is often very busy. On more than one occassion, I was asked to return later in the day to exchange money because they had run out of RMB. This was a major inconvenience.Overall, I would rate this hotel higher than the Tian Lun Dynasty Hotel, located across the street on Wangfujing. I stayed there duringthe same time period last year. While both hotels offer excellent rooms, the service, food and overall appearance of the Crowne Plaza. for me anyway, rates higher. Enjoy your time in Beijing - and give every consideration to spendingit at the Crowne Plaza. P.S. If you need the name of a terrific tour guide and driver, pleasefeel free to contact me -  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ritje
<Content>Excellent experience Date : March 25 - April 1We stayed one week in this nice hotel for tourism, and were very satisfied with our Club room.We appreciated very much the good location of the hotel,the very friendly staff, the spacious room and bathroom and the nice morning and evening buffets.The hotel is very professionally managed by europeans. We really can't find any negative comment and are very sincere in our recommandation. Excellent price/quality.Rita REDIG Belgium  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RTSCampinas
<Content>Great place and location I spent 30 nigths at Crown Plaza Hotel in a standard room. ROOM: The room is very clean, there are many English channels on TV the airconditioning works preatty well and the bath is good as well. It also has internet access and you may receive the newspaper daily. BREAKFAST: Very nice with a lot of options, fruits, milk, sausages, eggs, bacon, pasta, etc.... LOCATION: Very good location at Wangfuging Street. You may walk 10min and take the METRO to other areas in Beijing. Along the street there are some restaurants, shoppings, etc... STAFF: Very kind and helpfull. If you want, you may book in adavance a car to pick you up at the airport (~50min far from the hotel)  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ranahickok
<Content>loved it perfect location people are very nice , good food and near city center very professional and nice people to deal with the crown plaza is a perfect location down town beijing near the nightly food vendors and all the down town city life , very clean, walking distance to the forbidden city and tianemen square, not a lot of people speack english in china but they are trying too....  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PTJ
<Content>Great value, very nice property Although we only stayed one night (during a weekend trip to Beijing for Chinese New Year), we found the hotel to be very nice. The rooms are very nicely appointed, with a well designed layout and 4 to 5 star finishes. We made the most of the breakfast buffet which offered a large selection of tasty Asian and western items. The staff was friendly and the check in/out process was a breeze.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mjw703
<Content>Very Nice Stay My fiance and I stayed here for a week during New Year's week in Beijing. I found the room to be very clean and very comfortable. The bed was very nice, and it was very easy to fall asleep even though we were both sore from all the walking that we did during the trip. We had a prepaid breakfast plan, which was a really good value. The breakfast is a buffet that has many western and chinese items. The gym was a little small but adequate, and I enjoyed the hot tub and the sauna. The gym also supplies you with free bottled water, which is great, because you can't drink the water at all in China. The room itself has free bottled water in the bathroom. The service at the hotel was good, the concierge was helpful at finding us taxis, even finding us cheaper taxis than were at the hotel. The location is pretty good, we had a short walk to the subway, the Forbidden Palace and several shopping malls. The only drawback to the location is that it is very touristy, which in itself isn't so bad, but many people will try to target you for scams, which are plentiful. So I would recommend this hotel highly for its value, service, location and cleanliness.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spidie22
<Content>More a 4 than a 5 star hotel Well, we were very enthousiastic after reading the Trip Advisor Reviews about this hotel. We have experienced some problems though. First the positive elements. The location is perfect. Close to just any tourist attraction in central Beijing. Great lobby. Helpful concierges. The price was very good for a 5 star hotel. Quality of services provided better match a 4 star hotel though.Some negative points: everyday exactly the same breakfast, small electrical shocks all day and everywhere possibly caused by the carpet, small rooms, the airconditioning out of order - killing for a smoking room - , carpet a little bit dirty, medieval procedures, housekeeping twice forgotten, not so costumerfriendly frontdesk with regard to family-wishes (skip the ladies there - the guys are allright!),a small pool with very cold water (28 degrees - no way!), an old-fashioned spa-facility - we have had better four star hotels.We loved Beijing and would only come back for a big discount-price.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>drc225
<Content>Excellent experience Stayed here for three nights in late December '06 and then again for two nights in early Jan '07. 1st time was at the 'business' rate which included breakfast, free broadband, and a free massage. The wife was 'duped' into a full massage which required more money whereas I stuck to the free massage (we had two rooms). So you can get the free massage despite the overwhelming desire of the massage people to up sell. Broadband worked OK but the 'great fire wall' (---) means, of course, that access outside China is limited and, for example, the BBC website is blocked. I had difficulty is sending mail though downloading was fine. The 2nd visit we had ordinary rooms which didn't include the freebies. Internet access (which cost 69 RMB for 24 hrs) was awful but I guess that was due to the general internet issues throughout the far east due to the earthquake on Dec 26th.Both times the rooms were excellent and the beds very comfortable. Pool is small but the Jacuzzi works well. Can't think of anything else to add except to support everyone else's positive comments on the hotel. In terms of general travel round there were five of us. Our 1st trip in from the airport was a costly affair in a mini van at 400RMB. However we haggled with the man and booked him to take us to the Ming Tombs and the Great Wall of China (have a good guide book with you) and that cost us 1,000 for the day of mini-van and driver. Thereafter we got an airport rate of 300 RMB which is probably over the top but the guy was reliable.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Macbeth13
<Content>Very good Realy a great hotel. We stayed 3 days in this hotel and were impressed. Great hotel. Great location.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>HaylingIslander
<Content>Great experience! I stayed in the hotel on business for 2 weeks. I can't fault the hotel in any way at all! Everyone was so friendly and helpful and the hotel is right at the end of Wangfujing - so very central for shopping. My room was excellent. I would recomend this hotel to anyone - wonderful experience :-)  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>larklaw
<Content>Great hotel This is a great hotel. Rooms are good size-seem recently updated-everything in good conditon and bed was great. Great selection of tv channels. Staff was very helpful- lobby was large and nice. Not crazy about rooms overlooking lobby but we looked out at the city. Great location. Lots of places to eat nearby and near vendors to bargain and get quick, cheap gifts.We booked a half day tour of the Great Wall through the hotel. This was fine- a half day is really all you need. Only complaint was our tourguide-he was not very good. Talked the whole time but never really explained anything. Unfortunately, I do not remember his name.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rumma
<Content>Great hotel, Great location We stayed in here from December 6 to 10, 2006 and found the hotel excellent in every respect. We had a suite so breakfast, club, soft drinks and local beer was included - my only complaint here is the club has no food until 5.30. Our room was modern, clean, very comfortable (the bes is great) and the free internet a plus. We had to ask for harder pillows but then neither of us like feather. I gave the hotel a 5 star rating as service was excellent, all staff helpfull and we inted to go back.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Q
<Content>Terrific Hotel             Hotel Room  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Ridgesas
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Staff The Crowne Plaza Beijing is a great base for touring Beijing. The Forbidden City is well within walking distance and many restaurants, sites and markets are a short walk or cab ride away.The hotel is much like any other four/five star hotel you will encounter in Asia. We asked for an outside facing room after reading previous posts about the noise from the piano and entertainment. The room was very new and the amenities/bed were great. The fixtures and furniture were very modern and a pleasant surprise.We did eat at the restaurant (western lobby restaurant) on one occasion and were happy with the selection and quality of the food. We ventured outside the hotel for most of our meals and had a great experience in Beijing.Upon arrival in Beijing, our airline lost my wifeéˆ¥æªš baggage. We mentioned this when checking in and they took down our baggage claim number and stated they would follow up on our behalf. Not only did they follow up, they provided us with frequent updates and advised when the bag was found and provided an accurate timeline of when it would arrive at the hotel. Great job.We visited the Great Wall and Summer Palace in one day by hiring a taxi for the day. We negotiated a flat rate directly with a taxi driver outside the hotel and were happy with the experience. We also visited a foot massage place right outside the hotel. It cost very little for a 90 minute foot/leg massage and got rid of the jet lag and sore feet right away. Highly recommended for any traveller.Another thing we did discover once we left Beijing and arrived in Hong Kong. The shopping in Beijing is much better and cheaper than Hong Kong. The Silk Market, Eye Glass Market and Pearl Market are must see attractions!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drsuhail
<Content>One of the best in that vicinity I got the opportunity to stay at the Crowne Plaza as part of my recent visit to China. There are 2 Crowne Plaza properties in Beijing and this one is on Wangfujing Avenue - one of the main shopping areas. Upon arrival I was greeted by name and escorted to my room for a personalised check in. I had an executive suite on the 6th floor. The suite was birght and nicely decorated. It had a living room with a dining area of good size with a guest toilet. It led to the bedroom with a king sized bed and a large toilet with spearate shower, jacuzzi and quality toiletry products. The bedroom had a small space in the corner which was meant as a working area with a desk, fax machine, free high speed internet connection and cordless telephone. There was a balcony as well but was locked up and in any case it was a freezing 1 degree temperature outside! The staff were excellent in their approach and efficiency and any call to housekeeping etc meant a swift response. The club floor lounge was on the 8th floor and had excellent staff members. Usual club floor priviliges included free breakfast- the choice was either in the lounge or the restaurant downstairs for a wider variety. Free drinks all day and evening snacks were present. Other benefits included 1 piece of laundry, free local calls, free internet and free soft drinks from the mini bar- making it a really beneficial package. The location of the hotel is excellent and it was nice to walk out and stroll into the shopping area. You can also access the food street which is an experience in itself to see snakes, scorpions, silk worms, centipedes and beetles on skewers and munched by many tourists!! The staff were extremely cooperative and even accepted my late check out request without any charge. I have nothing but excellent praise of the hotel and would love to return again in the near future.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laurachina
<Content>Crowne Plaza was lovely The Crowne Plaza offered many good things for most of the people in my group. We loved the breakfasts, the rooms were always clean and the overall feel of the hotel was safe and respectable.There were a few things that travelers should know however.One person was right in saying the towels do not dry you! We used the bathrobes. Seems like a little thing until you need them.The other was the cashing of travelers checks which was next to impossible. It seems they are not affiliated with a major bank yet and so the time spent rewriting your name EXACTLY the way you signed the check to begin with, meant you may not get any money at all, exp if it is Visa traveler checks. It was a big hassle!Also if on the club floor, you will find two types of rooms.One with a hugh tub in the middle of the bathroom with two doors to enter and a big room, and the other is even less nice than the standard renovated rooms on floor 2. Be sure to check.Of course standard rooms do not offer the club floor amneities which were very nice and the people were great.All in all we had a great time and will return again I'm sure  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>JFH1107
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay The best thing about the Crowne Plaza was the friendly, competent service I received from everyone - front desk, concierge, housekeeping, travel agency.The room was pleasant and comfortable, although the bathroom was tiny - and I was just one person!The location was fine, however next time I would stay elsewhere. The generic commercial shopping strip outside gets real tired real fast. The nearby food street was lots of fun though.I did not find the hotel to be a convenient walking distance to either the subway or the Forbidden City, and I am an avid walker. Subway - 15 minutes at a brisk pace (through a VERY crowded street), Forbidden City - 25+ minutes. Take a cab - they're cheap and readily available. But be sure you have the hotel name written in Chinese - I had no English speaking cab driver in 5 days.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoJoF
<Content>Perfect for new arrivals Perfect place to begin a holiday in China. Clean, comfy, modern rooms with huge beds, great bathrooms and good range of TV channels to combat the jet-lag boredom! Excellent location, it's possible to walk to the Forbidden City  Tinanamen Square from here although it takes a while and journeys at night might be better taken in a taxi. Although we didn't go into the main restaurant for dinner they seem to have a large selction of fresh seafood there in tanks and the breakfasts were very good. The Travel Centre in the hotel is very good, they will help with just about anything including calling ahead to other hotels for you but be aware that their day trips to the Great Wall etc will include a detour via a jade factory or a porcelain rip-off shop......  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>London-T
<Content>Excellent place Really enjoyed out stay here. Booked based upon good reviews on tripadvisor and that you could get good advance room rates and was very satisfied. Comfortable, modern rooms at good prices (if booked in advance, at least). Would recommend to anyone else. Rooms very light, modern and very comfortable - just what you need when you get to a strange city after a long flight. Cable TV channels (HBO etc) are also welcome if you're awake at odds times with jet lag.Location of hotel is fine. On on Beijing's main shopping strips which is perfectly pleasant. Takes a bit of a walk to get to main tourist sites but taxis are cheap and plentiful in Beijing so whilst walking is pleasant enough don't spend you're precious time walking just to get from A to B (or walk the first few times maybe and taxi from there!).Only niggles were ridiculously expensive extras at hotel like laundry and internet which is expected to an extent at hotels like this but still comes as a suprise. I just don't think it's neccessary to trip to rip people off so much when they are in the door!Would completely recommend staying here to anyone going to Beijing.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jtuan
<Content>Loved the Stay After reading millions of review I decided to book crown plaza, beijing. Stayed at the club floor. We got a smoking floor, but didn't even know until our last day. Couldn't smell any smoke. Stayed nights. Beds were comfortable. Not many hotels in China has two double beds. This place did! Our attendants on our floor were very helpful. It's nice to have good service. We didn't have to deal with anyone at the lobby front desk. Everything was done on our floor. I highly recommend this place. It felt a bit like home after being abroad for a long long time.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jonorose
<Content>Very, very nice. I stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 2 nights recently with my wife and was very happy with the hotel.First of all, its important to note that this hotel seems to have recently undergone a complete rennovation, so any past reviews about the hotel aging are no longer relevant in my opinion.Our room was a standard king room and was beautifully appointed. The room was a fair size, very comfortable bed and it had a 30 or so widescreen LCD TV. It also had very affordable broadband internet (less than $10 per day). The bathroom was trully beautiful, had seperate shower and bath and had the best shower head I have ever had in any hotel, period.One thing to note. We had rooms on the outside, but there are also rooms with windows onto the lobby atrium. This might bother some people so I recommend they ask for an outside room.The hotel bar was very nice, and we got a complimentary drink on arrival, but we didn't eat in any of the hotel's restaurants.The Hotel health club, includes indoor pool, jacuzzi, sauna (wet and dry) and some gym equipment I didn't use. They also offer various kinds of massage in your room or in their special massage rooms. My wife and I both had European oil massage which was wonderful, the masseuse was extremely talented.The hotel's location is probably its best feature of all. Its walking distance from Tiannenmen Square and the Forbidden city (be warned that the Forbidden City is undergoing extensive rennovations for the 2008 Olympics) and for shopping its located right on Wangfujing which is one of the main shopping streets in Beijing with a number of excellent malls and specialty shops. Its also where the night food market is and Snack Street.After 2 nights we transferred to the China World Hotel since I had 3 nights vouchers for there through my frequent flyer program, but I have to say the Crowne Plaza was probably our favorite of the 2 excellent hotels since it had an atmosphere of being more friendly and intimate. The Concierge were especially helpful in comparison.The Crowne Plaza gets my warmest recommendation.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>docfun
<Content>Excellent all round hotel This hotel would be hard to beat for its location, price and service. It is based at the north end of Wangfujing where all of the main shops are. Tiannamen Square, Forbidden City and the Night Food market are within 15 minutes walk or a 30 RMB taxi ride. The service was impecable, the food excellent and the atrium is a lovely area for afternoon chinese tea which is beautifully served. The bar is also quite hip and has a happy hour each day. On leaving the hotel, beware of chinese students wanting to talk to you. They are very friendly, however they will all try to goad you to a chinese caligraphy exhibition!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelbunny
<Content>This hotel is nothing special I would've thought that if you booked two rooms in the same name with two of the family members being children, that they might think that you may want to be at the least nearby, at the most, interconnected. No. No. No. I had even contacted them in advance to check this but we weren't even on the same floor! And surprise surprise, the only two rooms they had that were interconnected meant upgrading to a club floor and then, guess what? We finally got to our interconnecting rooms to discover that they weren't interconnected despite being assured many times that they were.Our rooms were nice and they did give our son a very nice cake on his birthday (after asking) and the concierge in the club lounge was great (as opposed to the one at the front desk) but I can't see what all the fuss is about here. It is just another hotel and in my opinion, nothing special.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>voito
<Content>Hard to beat! I've stayed here twice -- once in 2004 and again this year, both for at least 5 days. I've been uniformly happy with both stays. All things considered, the Crowne Plaza at Wangfujing is hard to beat. Rooms and service are excellent. Beds are large and comfortable. The pool, hot tub and sauna are terrific for relaxing after a long day of sightseeing or business meetings. They also weren't very busy when I was there.Breakfast is excellent if you decide to include it (that said, you can get good food outside for a lot less money). The location is perfect -- on the premier shopping street in Beijing, within walking distance to the Forbidden City, and with lots of food options in the area, including the famous night food market.The hotel seems well staffed with people who are eager to help. It provides wireless internet and has an excellent business lounge with a complimentary happy hour for business rate guests as well.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>coysh
<Content>A very good hotel A very good hotel in a great location, right in the centre of Beijing within easy reach of all the main site seeing locations.The check in was one of the best I have ever had after arriving in the morning from an overnight flight when all you want to do is get to a room for a couple of hours rest. They where expecting me, greeted me by name and showed me straight to the room that was already awaiting me and checked me in in the room. The room has recently been refurbished the bed was really comfortable I wish I could take it home. I had a room on the outside on the 8th floor and was not bothered by the piano or any outside noise. The room was very spacious with an excellent bath and shower. Free drinks and nibbles are served in the club lounge in the evening which has free broadband. It is well worth paying the extra to get the services of the club lounge the service and help from the staff there was exceptional they could not do enough for you.I also used the services of the concierge who where very good and had an excellent trip out to the great wall and the Ming tombs.Taxis are very cheap to use and they all used the meter when getting one from the hotel they fill out a card with the details of the taxi tell the driver where you want to go. For getting back to the hotel just show the driver the card and as long as he can ready or understand the map he will get you back with out a problem. Apart from Breakfast I did not have any meals in the hotel, I would highly recommend a visit to the Crystal Jade Palace Restaurant which is on the lower floor of Oriental Plaza for service value for money and quality for food and would avoid the Thai restaurant which was in the same location this was the worst meal I had in Beijing it was over priced tried to charge 20% service charge which was not on the menu, poor service and terrible food.I could not find any faults in the hotel I hope they maintain the same level of service. If returning to Beijing I would most defiantly return to this Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RASHUKEIR
<Content>Grat Stay Shame About The Piano My wife and I stayed at this hotel from 1-8 August 2006. We prepaid and got a very reasonable rate for a Club room on a non smoking floor. I would recommend this option if you can afford it because the Club Lounge provides free nibbles and drinks during happy hour which is from 18.00-20.00 hrs. Also, during the day it is open for free tea and coffee and of course that is where the broadband internet is.The hotel has been completely refurbished and is a delight to behold. Location is second to none and is probably one of its strongest selling points.If you want to see The Wall, contact the concierge and ask them to get Robert for you. He has his own car and will take you out for the day at a cost of only RMB600. The guy is a delight ,well mannered, speaks very good English and drives like he still values staying alive.Breakfast was good, great selection, and excellent service.One negative point is the infamous piano. From about 6.00pm-22.45pm, various pianists play in the lobby each evening.The sound rises of course and because we had chosen an inside room that overlooked the lobby, it was very loud and very intrusive. It just amazes me that the management of the hotel would not have realised this. So, if you are not turned on by piano music for almost five hours each evening, either choose an outside room or find another hotel!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ukinjapan
<Content>Great stay, excellent position, super b'fast buffet! This hotel has just undergone a complete renovation (early 2006) and is now one of the few establishments in Beijing so well located (next to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square) right on Wangfuxing Street, the Ginza of Beijing - AND has nice staff ! I was there on business at the end of August - and had a great stay! The rooms are well done with big double beds and 4 enormous pillows, and a bath / shower etc where the plugs actually work and the water is hot ! There's a flat screen TV in the room with BBC / CNN etc and decent amenities with soap and shampoo / bath gel that doesn't smell like detergent....Excellent air-conditioning too which means cold when the dial is at 15 degrees! The desk staff were very quick and efficient - and smiling. The only trouble was with the plastic door card which sometimes did not work.......but I was told it could be due to the proximity of a mobile phone or credit cards both of which I had in the same pocket.......no mobile, no problem! The buffet breakfast was fine and the staff all determined one spoke English (probably to improve theirs) and also enjoyed your breakfast with frequent refills of coffee or tea! I have stayed here 4 and 2 years ago and the improvements make this a real favorite if you need a central hotel. This one is highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>ibreak4coffee
<Content>Good Stayed here from August 7-9. The hotel lobby and staff were among some the best I encountered in China. Rooms were pleasant and well decorated, and the lobby was very nice. It felt like a nice business hotel in the US or Europe, and given the location its a great place to stay while in Beijing.The location is perfect for visiting Tian'anmen Square and the Forbidden City, as well as shopping at the night markets and on Wangfujing. Taxis are extremely unexpensive but make sure you get a small card from the hotel with the hotel's name in Chinese characters for the rides back. There are several bars and restaurants in the hotel, but I didnt try any of them.I arranged for a car service to the Great Wall, and the concierge was very helpful in speaking to the company for me and arranging all the details. On the other hand, one night went to the concierge to ask for a recommendation to get Peking duck... the recommendations werent great.On the downside, the business centre is way too expensive, and the travel agency wasnt as helpful as we would have hoped. The massage salon next door as well seemed to be overly aggressive... couldnt walk by without being hounded for a massage.Overall though for the price and value you'll have a hard tme finding a better hotel in Beijing. Especially if you're coming to visit and not on business, this seems like the perfect place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Vancouver_Roary
<Content>Great Stay!       Club Floor Room  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>fishfry45
<Content>Decent, but expected more... I arrived in Beijing on the tail end of a business trip. And had a day and a half to see as much as possible. I selected this hotel for price and proximity to the Forbidden City, then booked it through my travel agent. There wasn't a review in Frommer's because the hotel was undergoing renovations at press time. However, all renovations have finished as of July 2006. I didn't stay on the club floor and based on other reviews, perhaps this was a mistake. I found my room to be just OK. Nice bed and bedding, but I had to call housekeeping to get my tv and desk light working and overall, I found the hotel to be a little dark and depressing. It didn't feel entirely new. Almost as if they had changed the bedding, but left the carpeting. Hard to explain.Oh and my room key didn't work well...to the point that I had to go and get a new card. This was just annoying.I will say one thing, the concierge (Tony) was great at arranging trips and car service. They sent a person to meet me at the airline gate upon arrival and arranged a car service from the airport to the hotel (I booked this the day before I arrived). The total cost was around $50 total (added to my hotel bill) and was well worth it, given the craziness at Beijing Airport and the number of people trying to solicit you. - Having someone walk you from the gate to get yr luggage and take you out to the car is a tremendous plus when you're jet lagged and arriving in a completely foreign city. The concierge also hooked me up with a small tour to the Great Wall - I only had to share a van and tour guide with 4 other tourists.Other than that, the hotel is within walking distance to the north entrance of the Forbidden City and a very short taxi ride to Tien'man Square, so convenient for the main sites. If you like shopping, it is directly across from Wangfujing Shopping Center. But this is more like shopping in American/European stores, so not somewhere you need to spend time, unless you are looking for main stream.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>foxdodgy
<Content>excellent hotel and city Just come back from Beijing, stayed 7 nights at the Crown Plaza, this is an excellent hotel, good location, spotless rooms, great service especially in the champagne bar!, booked on the hotel website and payed æ‹¢400 for the room for a week, an excellent price for this level of hotel. a few tips, make sure you get a metre taxi from the airport, and that the metre is used (we had no problems with this) cost to wangfujing street should be 90/110 yuan about æ‹¢7.00, and takes about 40 mins. taxi to the great wall 600 yuan, that includes waiting for as long as you like we were their about 3 hrs, recommend the wall at Mutianyu, takes about 1.5 hours to get to. Great resturant is buffalo at Houhai lake, you will have a great time in this fab city!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>turmogo
<Content>good hotel in beijing we have been in china during 12 days, crowne plaza beijing was our first hotel in china, well located, good and clean rooms, we reserved club rooms with 14 days in advance and we got a good price, we enjoyed the club facilities as sauna, pool, late check out, breakfast included, internet, club lounge,etc. i recomend it stronglyturmogo  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>sanae78
<Content>Loved the Crowne Plaza       Club Floor Room Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>social
<Content>Satisfied with Service and Quality The Crown Plaza Hotel provided a nice stay during our eight days in Beijing for business. The staff wasvery friendly and helpful. The Hotel Bunch is adequate for a blend of Western and Asian flavors. The Brazilian style restaurant serves large portions of meat, but is drastically overpriced, especially when you can leave and walk for 15 min and pay 1/4th of the price for better food. The room size provided more than enough space and the beds were our most comfortable in China. Money exchange was possible, but they were hesitant to take American Travelers Checks. Overall, this was a nice hotel experience.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>SusieG
<Content>Great location My daughter and I stayed four nights here in July. As we were travelling independently I wanted a convenient, safe location for us - and the hotel was just that. Very near the main tourist sites, we never once felt threatened walking home even late at night.I'd booked a Club room which gave us access to the Club lounge, cocktails and food early evening etc. I actually wished I had just booked ordinary rooms! Floors 1- 6 have all been redecorated in lovely light colours with very modern, stylish fitments. Floors 7 and 8, the Club floors, have not been modernised and whilst the rooms and particularly the bathrooms are bigger, our room looked very 'tired' and, worst of all, there was a really powerful, stale smell in the corridor - enough to make you hold your breath....! Our additional problem was that we wanted twin beds - and all those rooms faced onto the inner atrium - so no natural light at all. Double-bedded rooms were fine - facing onto the road and very light.The Club lounge was actually quite small, with no views at all - but the food at breakfast was good, and it was nice to have 'free' cocktails and canapes early evening.The hotel is really well situated - at the end of the pedestrianised Wanfujing St and not too far from the subway. Easy and cheap to get a taxi to any location as well. We didnt like the hotel restaurant too much, but ate really well in restaurants nearby. If you tire of Chinese food and want something modern and upmarket, I can recommend 'The Courtyard', Superb food and lovely atmosphere and views over the back walls of the Forbidden City - a good idea to book a table (we found it recommended by The Lonely Planet).Found Beijing very polluted and hot and steamy in July - but had a great time. The people were lovely - we saw very few other Western faces and spent most of our time being photographed by Chinese!! My daughter, in particular, with her naturally long, curly hair, couldnt get away from Chinese who came up and asked very politely if they could take a picture as she was 'so beautiful and just like a doll'!!!We came across the 'art student' scam in Tianneman square, but were forewarned about it from other tripadvisor posts - so realised they were trying to get us to go to a teahouse and fork out a huge amount - beware!!We also fell foul of the tour guide trap. We 'picked up' a local guide at the Forbidden City - a really nice girl who spoke excellent English and was a great guide round what could have been a bewildering visit. We took her card and phoned to ask her to get us a taxi driver to take us to the Great Wall at Mutianyu.A driver and guide duly arrived next morning, but ten minutes in wanted to stop off at a Jade Factory. When we refused, they wouldnt speak to us the rest of the way there!! And after our 3 hour hike, wanted to stop off at a tea house and a restaurant and a market. We refused and the journey back to the hotel was in silence! I appreciate that this the way th guides get a 'kick-back' and offered to give them a large tip - but it made for an unpleasant journey.... Having said that - the Wall at Mutianyu was a great experience- get there early though; we arrived at 8am, having left at 6.30am and we were about the only people there - a magical experience. When we were coming off the Wall at midday it was like Piccadilly Circus!!!Much of Beijing is 'under wraps' at the moment, being 'done up' for the Olympics. It did make a difference to the Forbidden City, and especially the Summer Palace. The traffic and the pollution in July was really bad too - how are they going to manage to get people around the Olympic site??? But, it was a great experience - and you definitely dont need to go on an organised tour - a good guide book, hotels and destinations written out in Chinese, and a smile, got us round without any problems!!! Enjoy  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>thannaroo
<Content>Central Beijing Location and Quite Nice       Distant view of Wangfujing from room at 6AM  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab location, great value for money, 5 star service!!! We just spent a glorious week in busy Beijing. The Crowne Plaza Beijing is situated close to the Wangfujing shopping disctrict (just metres away), The Forbidden City and Tianemen Square. The hotel has an inviting lobby with a gift shop that has some pretty decent prices - check them out before bartering with the locals in the markets. The concierge team were very helpful at all times - giving directions, helping out with phone cards (it's cheaper at the book stall on Wangfujing than from the hotel itself) and assisting with getting airport transfers. The hotel has 4 super fast and efficients lifts, and we checked into the 7th floor, one below the club lounge. the lounge is a great option - and is open from breakfast until 23H00 daily. The lounge staff are excellent, with Jerry, Cici and Vicky always on top form. The club rooms are nice, we had a king size bed which was comfy, a bathroom with separate shower (nice water pressure too) that had great products and the free laundry service (an item a day) was useful. The hotel offers few English channels, among them CNN, BBC World and CNBC. Managed to watch the World Cup action on CCTV with Chinese commentary. The hotel pub has an awesome jazz band and showed the world cup action on BIG screens. The only downer for me was the poor service at the hotel restaurant adjacent to the lobby. We had dinner there twice and both times found the service anything but 5 star, world class. This hotel has recently been renovated and whilst the outside still looks its age, the rooms, lobby and facilities have been spruced up. Beijing is getting ready for the Olympics in 2008 and the Crowne Plaza Wangfujing has stepped up to the plate to welcome inernational guests. The staff were friendly, attentive and spoke good English - and above all, made the week in Beijing memorable.... Will I go back - definately!!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barolobrain
<Content>Convenient with full range of services This is the second time I've stayed here this year, each time for a week on business as I'm currently living in Shanghai. Location is central so if you've got business to the east or the west, allow time for traffic. Probably a little under an hour from the airport to hotel during top time. For tourists, the location is excellent.I book on the club floor, 8 for smokers and 7 for non, with separate check-in on 8. This gets you use of the breakfast room (also happy hour, lounge and snacks) on 8. It has a separate smoking room which for non-smokers will make a difference. The Club accomodation also gets you free broadband internet and your choice of 2 Tsing Tao or 2 soft drinks per day out of the mini-bar without additional charge.Rooms can vary in size and configuration so it's worth seeing them. The one's on the outside tend to be larger with larger bathroom facilities including such things as central bathtub, etc. On this level, it's very quiet, always a consideration in China.I've eaten at the restaurant on the ground floor, dinner buffet which I would not recommend and at the Chinese restaurant on the next level which I would recommend. English menu there as well. Lot's of restaurants of all types near-by as well.Staff on the club floor speak Mandarin and very good English. If you're a tourist and have some basic Mandarin skills, I would consider renting one of the hotel's cars. This is a feature of most of the larger hotels in China, car and driver, and it's not that expensive. The driver knows where to go, standsby while you do your thing, and then you call him on the phone when you're ready to go to your next destination. Remember in Beijing, distances are further than they appear.I give it five stars for the following reasons; location, quiet rooms, broadband which actually works, lounge/breakfast room which is pleasant and where one can work with others if needed. The Hyatt's fancier, a bit nicer in finish, etc. but it's crowded with both tourists and business people and I find it to be a bit of a zoo.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>XPCH
<Content>Credit Card fraud We didn't get there yet, but ... We've booked through ichotelsgroup website and got an email confirmation. Few days later our credit card was overcharged, quick check online showed that the last day's weekend rate got changed to a more expensive one. A very long discussion with ichotels customer care didn't help, they said we should call CHINA to complain, as they've changed the booking. Many discussions and emails later - still no solution yet. We'll keep you updated.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Texannone
<Content>Could not ask for more! My husband and I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Crowne Plaza Beijing. I booked this hotel in April after reading the reviews on this site. Although it currently totes a 3 star rating, this is truly a 5 star hotel. It is newly renovated and the decor and amenities are impeccable. At $134 a night - you can't beat the service and room that you get for this price!We stayed on the club level which are the 7-9 floors. On the 8th floor is the club room which included a daily to order breakfast omelet and buffet. The one touch espresso machine is a godsend! The staff manning the club level even remember your name, room number, and drink choice by the 2nd day! We loved Jerry! He always has a smile on his face and ready to chat with you! Every evening from 6-8 is happy hour! This includes a light bar type buffet - chicken wings, celery and carrots, little finger sandwhiches and chips. Not to mention a wide selection of hard liquor, wine, and beer. The club room is very nice and we enjoyed meeting other travelers and checking our email from the two computers provided. We spent a lot of time in this room!We stayed on the 8th floor, which is considered smoking but I honestly couldn't tell it was a smoking floor, right down the hall from the club. When we first checked in we had a room on the 7th floor, which was nonsmoking as we had asked, but the room was small and didn't have a view. We went back downstairs and the staff quickly changed us to a bigger room with a view of WANGFUJING AVE. The bathroom was plush with a window seat and marble everywhereThe room was extremely clean and the turndown service was great. We did have to ask to have our refrigerator restocked with the complimentary drinks but that was no big deal!The hotel lobby and atrium are wonderfully inviting especially after a long hot day of shopping at the Pearl market, visiting Tiananmen Square, or just strolling up Wangfujing Ave. which is one of the most exciting streets in Beijing with shopping , restaurants, and outdoor cafes. My husband and I often ended the day with our translator in the Atrium bar with a great glass of Californian Shiraz - only $5 a glass and a large bowl of peanuts.All in all, you truly can not ask for more. I have stayed in more expensive and supposedly five star hotels. The staff and their willingness to make the guest feel at home is what make this hotel a must. We are already planning our next trip back to Beijing. Oh, you can get a car service to meet you at the airport from the hotel for about $45 each way! Just email the hotel using the email address provided on the hotel website and they will email you back right away.If you have any questions about Beijing in general. Feel free to email me at texanfray@yahoo.com. Please no advertisements - just serious questions about an incredible city!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Staff !! Great Hotel ! I just stayed in this hotel from 23 - 25 Jun, my experience with this hotel made my stay in beijing become a wonderful memory in my live. From the moment I contacted hotel concierge for airport pick up till I left Beijing, the staff there are great!! Wtih their suggestion, I visited most beautiful part of the great wall SiMaTai, bought great stuff for myself and my family, the weekend market in PanJiaYuan is amusing! the Reception staff recommend a package with is greated value - only 19 dollars extra, I got breakfast, broadband and drinks. The girls on the club floor are sweet, they remembered what I prefered, you can really enjoy relaxe in the lounge after a long day. The DimSum in the Chinese restuarant was tasty. Certainly, I'll recommend this hotel! With their excellent staff team their, your time spend in Beijing will be more value added in.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ale_esteves
<Content>Great location, not so friendly staff We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. Front desk was terrible, trying to sell us room upgrade to have an early check-in at 10:30. Otherwise she told us to go away and not return until 14 o'clock. At the end we took the upgrade, which was a great deal.Room was amazing, breakfast was good, free internet conection in Business centre and jacuzzi. Location is great, taxis are very cheap in china and staff from business centre were a lot better.Watch out for the lobster buffet on Fridays. If you arrive after 20:30, no lobster for you.But I recommend anyway and would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>niedo
<Content>Disapointed, with Business Club We looked forward to our stay at the Crowne Plaza in Beijing based on the reviews and our recent stays at the Crowne Plaza's in Shenzhen and Incheon. Upon arrival the staff was friendly and very helpful. We went to the eighth floor to register at the business desk. We expected the usual business amenities and were told they were included, free internet, breakfast and the cocktail hour. The staff suggested we come back at 6:00 for happy hour. Upon return at 6:30 for snacks and cocktails we were informed that while we had business reservations, we were not allowed to partake in happy hour. We latter found out that while our Crowne Club Floor Business Room Benefits card indicated free internet. We would have to pay additional to log onto the internet. Enough said on this. The room was very nice and clean. Depending on your definition of a short walk, it is a good 30 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. The shopping street on the way to the Forbidden City is good. If you jump off the path there are some bargains on the side streets and a great little local restaurant area on the shopping street South of the Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>1s1
<Content>Great location, helpful staff We recently stayed at this hotel for almost a week. We found it to be perfect for our needs. After looking at their website, I booked two rooms on the club floor. I chose the club floor because the rooms were larger, and there were several amenities included. The price difference, if I remember properly, was not very much. I used the internet connected computers in the club lounge, ate breakfast there, and had one free shirt a day laundered. The rooms seemed spacious to me, with particulrly nice bathrooms.  One little touch which I found very helpful was a little paper sleeve which the key card came in, which had a small map of Downtown Beijing, plus a list of several of the more common tourist sites written out in Chinese characters, and the hotel name written out in Chinese characters, too. Plus some more info, like taxi times to the airport, and approximate taxi fare to the airport. Really, I think this was a brilliant little freebie, and very useful since many taxis drivers don't speak English, yet taxis are so cheap you find yourself using them quite a bit. The hotel also has some helpful young women near the front door, who help you get a taxi and tell them where you are going. We used the concierge to hire a mini van and driver to take us to the Great Wall.  Would I recommend this hotel? Definitely, especailly if this is your first time in Beijing and you want to see a bunch of the most commonly visited tourist sites, since it is a handy location to Tienaman Square and the Forbidden City.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mole
<Content>Perfect location, loved it! We were extremely happy both with the service and presentation of this hotel. We stayed for 5 nights on the Club floor which gave us great extras (free drinks from mini bar.. beer  soft drinks, free internet, breakfast in executive lounge or breakfast restaurant, 2 hour happy hour in executive lounge with free drinks  finger food) and daily laundry allowance)Our room was very spacious with a huge comfortable bed (not rock hard like many hotels) feather pillows but there was a pillow menu if you wanted something different. Nice easy chair with footrest and a large desk with swivel chair and well equiped with stationery. There was also a good bench area where tea  coffee making facilites were provided including an electric kettle  a coffee perculator. The bathroom was huge with an island style bath in the centre of the room, separate frameless glass shower, large vanity area and another large area for luggage with drawers underneath  wardrobe.Towelling bathrobes  slippers were also provided. Our room was recently renovated and personally we couldnt fault it.The indoor swimming pool  spa on the top floor was nice and private  'smog' free, very well equipped changing rooms with showers, toiletries, hairdryers etc.We found the staff to be extremely friendly and would go out of their way to help. The girl in charge of Taxis at the front of the hotel was particulary friendly and would always make sure we had the number of the taxi written down and ask us how our day was when we returned. The breakfast was well varied and of a very good standard.The location is perfect, step right out onto Wangfujing street and felt totally safe at all times.We will defintely return to this hotel next time we visit Beijing and have no hesitation in recommending it others.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rechi
<Content>The location is the best (Pls excuse my english) I am actually staying at the Crown Plaza and my impression is so lala. I stayed before at the CP Qingdao and the CP Park View Beijing. Both hotels were bedder than this one. The executive suite here is smaller then with the other hotels but the price is higher, ok its Beijing. The club floor personnel sometimes seems not to like their guests very much. The service at the Lobby Lounge has to be called if you want something to drink. Pool, sauna etc. is small and looks a little worn out (pool at CP Park View is incredible big an nice). Today sauna was cold. Food is good, room is clean but a little dark. But the location is perfect for tourists!!! 20 min. walk to forbidden city and TienAnMen. Shopping street just outside. But you hear the typical Chinese traffic. Internet free of charge as well as two drinks (beer) from the minibar (nice touch). There are freshly renewed rooms (mine is not).  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value for your Money! It was our first time in Beijing and we didn't know where to stay. Fortunately my brother saw this hotel on the internet. It was a bit more expensive than our original choice but after staying there... it was all worth it. The location was excellent, the room was nice, the bathroom was clean and had almost all the things you might need, and the staff?... well, let's put it this way.. they even remembered it was my brother's birthday. after a long tiring day sight seeing, we found a cake  a card inside our room. How sweet!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>clarkewright
<Content>Great hotel, great location We stayed for 4 nights at end of April 06 and found this to be a great hotel - well placed for walking to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square (you could get a taxi but it's about 20mins walk). The hotel is situated on the main shopping street (Wangfujing). We didn't take the offered upgrade - the regular rooms are a good size and very comfortable.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Traveljunkie080
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed here with our 4 children (ages 9-11) and thought it was wonderful. The hotel was recently renovated and it looks modern and luxurious. The rooms were on the small side but that's China. The pool was a bit chilly but the kids enjoyed it as well as the hot tub. The spa area is very nice (has a sauna, steam shower, all free). The restaurants are very nice and the wait staff very friendly. The service was fabulous. We had the front desk staff make several touring arrangements for us and they did a great job. Many staff members spoke English which is important when touring. We would highly recommend it. The location is also convenient to many tourist sights (we walked to the Forbidden City).  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Stay With Attentive Staff! We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 5 nights in Feb this year. Main reason we booked was the price (cheap) location (near the city centre) and on the basis of some of the reviews on here.The staff were amazing, the room was spacious and well equipped (and the mini bar was relatively cheap too!) the hotel and room were both spotless and the housekeeping excellent, and the only problem we did have (the flush on the loo broke) was fixed immediately.The buffet breakfast was brilliant, (and the evening buffet was pretty good too!)Admittidly, the hotel was lacking slightly in atmosphere due to there not being many guests there (-13c obvioulsy not peak season!) but the staff were so warm and friendly (and drinks in the bar such good value) that it didn'tmatter!They guy on reception noticed it was my birthday during our stay, and on my birthday after a day's exploring, we came back to our room to a beautiful birthday cake (made by the chef downstairs) and a letter wishing me happy birthday!We would definitley stay here when we visit Beijing again, not the greatest of views from the rooms, but as it was our 1st visit we wanted to be as central as we could. (though taxis are so cheap we probably could have stayed further out of town!) The night food street is a short walk away...watch out for the goat testicles disguised as mozarella balls!The people in the city are really friendly and all want their photo taken with you, and even in the poorer districts it never felt threatening or unsafe.One thing we're really glad that we did was take a day out to the wall, arranging for a driver to take us to Simitai (about 2.5 - 3 hour drive away) then walk for around 3 hours to Jinshanling, where he picked us up  took us home...all for around æ‹¢70 for the both of us! We arranged this through a guy we met in the hotel, though the hotel does offer this service too. Overall, thought the hotel was excellent value for money, with great service and friendly staff.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel and location Clean, comfy, and superb location. Food was good too. I would definetely stay here again. Well priced.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nipperdog
<Content>Pleasantly surprised We just got back from Beijing on april 16 and stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. we were 2 adults and 2 small kids and should of booked the suites on the 2nd floor for just a little more space. The rooms were great. We were so surprised to see how modern and super clean this hotel was, not to mention beautfully done. You must get the room rate that includes the buffet breakfast. It was really worth it, esp. when you are off all day and meals are questionable outside this hotel. we loved it so much we had dinner there too!The location is awsome. Wish we had planned more time to walk the main road. There is even a pedestrian only section shortly down the road, which was great for the kids to run around- no cars!Do not use the spa /pedicure or massage services. They were pretty bad and expensive. wish we had time to use the pool. The staff was great with us and the service and all was defintely 5 star!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chipirrina
<Content>Very bad customer attention We came yesterday from China and have stayed at this hotel.We reserved it because of the great reviews we had read. Our feelings about it are very mixed as the hotel is nice and it is in a very good location, but the attention to the customers is just awful if you have a problem. When we arrive we were offered an special great opportunity to upgrade to a Club room for an additional fare of 400 rmb per night. I thought that was not at all an special offer as I had made the reservation through their web site and the same upgrade was 100 rmb per night. We refused. Then we were given room # 665. When we got to the room it was chilly. We tried to shut down the air conditionning but could not and cold air kept coming out non stop from the air conditioning. The hotel sent a man to fix it, and when he saw he could not fix it all he did was to put a paper sheet on part of the air exit and said that was it. Of course, cold kept coming out. We said there was no way we were going to stay in the room and that we wanted another room. They said (as it was a big deal) that they had to consult with the boss. They kept us waiting in the room for a very long time and no one take care of us. In the end we had to go down to the Concierge and complain very strongly. They again said they had to ask the boss and treated us like if we were idiots because they never recognized the air conditionning was broken and just said that the outside temperature had dropped lately. After a while they said they were going to give us a room in the Club floor which was much nicer and we thought that was going to make up for the inconvenience. This new room was #908. When we got to the room we found it was exactly the same size as the other one but just much older. I think it had not been redone as part of the hotel seems to have been. The temperature in the room was 18æ½ž and it was cold to sleep and stay there (much colder than in the corridors, lobbies, restaurants...). The heating-airconditionning was not working (this time no cold air coming out but simply did not work so we could not heat up the room). We went down to complain and this time we were said there was a government regulation by which the room temperature could not be higher (it was a lie as we had just come from Shanghai were we had not such problems and of course the rest of the hotel was much hotter). We complained and complained and were decided to leave the hotel. In the end they gave us a room facing the hotel lobbie (not the street) where the temperature was perfectly fine. They kept on saying that the other rooms heating-air condition were fine (which was ridicoulous as they had sent a man to fix it and could not do it) and it was us just complaining. No apologies, nothing. We intent to complain Crowne Plaza as we don't think a situation like this has to be dealt with in such a way. In just any other decent hotel everything would have taken five minutes, a room change and an appologie. As for the rest, the hotel was nice, breakfast was ok.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Jigsawman
<Content>First class service and facilities at the Crowne Palza       Bathroom at Crowne Plaza  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelwblondie
<Content>Beijing Crowne Plaza-Wow!   showReview(4569111, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SnowSanJose
<Content>Hotel is not offically open but accepting guests   showReview(4356253, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel is not open but accepts booking   showReview(4090587, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>go168
<Content>Cheated by Intercontinental Hotels Group   showReview(4086930, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal for first time in Beijing   showReview(3455170, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alanreynolds
<Content>CLOSED 1 JAN-31 MARCH 2005   showReview(3099115, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bangkokexpat
<Content>Good, but Not Great   showReview(2829833, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab hotel in great location   showReview(2770632, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in perfect location   showReview(2702662, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JaneB
<Content>Great location, great hotel!   showReview(2229674, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>patrizia13
<Content>in centro a pechino   showReview(21851807, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>zenoma
<Content>Lusso a Pechino   showReview(19616407, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŽ¬æ¿„ä»¯éŠ‡ç†´å€›éŠˆå©…å£‡éŠ‡å¬¨ä»¯éŠ‡ç†·å¯³æµœî„Šç´’   showReview(19914783, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æµœæ–»ä»±é„ç†´å„§éŠ‰å—å„·éŠ‡î‚£ç°šç“’?#x201d;   showReview(19914631, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç’¨æž«äºœé—â”¿å€“ç‘•å†²åŽœéŠ‡î‚£æ¸¶é–¬?#x201d;   showReview(19172504, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠˆîˆ˜å„µéŠˆï¸ºå…‚éŠ‰æ¤¼å„µéŠˆè·ºå¯³æµœ?#x201d;   showReview(19168512, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç’žî‡å½²éŠ‡Ñ‚ç©¶é’â”¿ä»¹éŠ‡æ¬™ç´’   showReview(19162576, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç’žî‡å½²éŠ‡î„ç¼“é—?#x201d;   showReview(19160903, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éˆâ‚¬æ¥‚æ¨¸ä¼€ç¼æ´ªç°µéŠ‡Ñä»š   showReview(19160843, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éœå¬ªç°»æµœæ›˜ä¼€æµ£å¶‡ç–†   showReview(19160808, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SARSé©æ‘å¢ éŠ‡î†¼å¯³æµœîƒ¾ä»¹...   showReview(19928043, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>é«å­˜å¢éŠ‡å±»ä»ºéŠ‡î‚ äº±éŠ‡å¿šå£‡éŠ‡å¬¨ä»¯...   showReview(19925641, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç€¹æŒŽç¡¦é…å‚˜ä¼…é€ç¡…î—Šæ¶“î…œä»¹éŠ‰æ¤¼å…—...   showReview(19923649, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éœå¬ªç°»æµœæ›˜ä¼„ç»»ä½½å½²ç›æ¤¼ä¼„é–æ¥ƒî¬...   showReview(19922926, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éœå¬ªç°»æµœæ›˜ä¼„é–æ¥€ä¼ŒéŠ‡î†»ç¬˜ç»±â‚¬éŠ‰?..   showReview(19922348, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠ†â‚¬é–æ¤¾å«æ¶“â‚¬éŠ‡î†¾ç®’é‘¿îˆî”œéŠ†å²€å¸‡...   showReview(19921450, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æ¶“î…žæµ—éŠ‡î‚¥î”‘éŠ‡ï½ƒä»¸éˆâ‚¬é’æ¿…å«éŠ?..   showReview(19920240, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

