<Author>AHarris0614
<Content>fabulousity! went here for a bachelorette party (everyone was 21-30) and had the best time ever!! the rooms were huge (i think we were on the 8th floor?) with great views and big bathrooms which was really nice and super comfy beds. service was on point and concierge was super helpful as it was restaurant week there. food and drinks were pretty good too, just pricy, but what else would you expect from a place at 600$ a night?? the rooftop bar was pretty sick too...you can rent cabanas or just use the chairs scattered around for free. beautiful view of the city at night and it gets poppin for nighttime pregaming-fun loud music which is great if youre not old and uptight. definitely a party place! walked to most clubs nearby, took cab occasionally. they were renovating at the time so we got awesome rates...not sure what changed since we left though. partied til 6 so not sure if it was loud at night and hard to sleep or not. didnt go on the beach as the rooftop pool and downstairs pool were all we needed. super trippy fishtank in the lobby, very modern place and super clean and pretty. no complaints!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>tommy135
<Content>Perfect Gansevoort Great hotel, had a large room which felt more like an appartement than a hotel room. Large bathroom with two sinks and the room itself had a small kitchen area.The bed was the best i have ever slept in.Everything is new and very trendy.There was nothing to complain about.Will definitely return!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>elixirnyc
<Content>Rooms not as advertised; aloof, inexperienced staff I was apprehensive about booking this hotel b/c the reviews on tripadvisor are extreme in both directions. Expedia was running a deal, so I booked one of the more expensive rooms, hoping that I wouldn't have the same experience as some on this site had (getting a sub-par room...not what they paid for). I figured deluxe ocean view with balcony, how could I go wrong? Ha! I had booked well in advance and requested a high floor. We got the 3rd floor which I asked to switch at check-in. They were allegedly booked solid, but the woman at the desk assured me she'd stayed in those rooms and they're wonderful. What a joke. The view is of high hedges (separating you from the pool), but mainly of the parking garage! We spoke with one staff member who couldn't do anything for us because he didn't have the authority, but he admitted that most people who are brought to those rooms are furious and ask for a higher floor. We went to the front desk and were told, very apathetically and with no apologies, we're booked. I won't go on and on, but we argued for awhile with the front desk clerk, then with the manager who simply said, this is going to be a short conversation. Told us they were fully booked and walked away.What really ticks me off is the front desk guy showed the Gansevoort's hand when he said You should be happy you got such a great deal through Expedia. You're lucky to be paying what you are for this room. It made it very clear that if you pay a discounted rate, you get a crap room that's not the one advertised or shown on their website.I've never been treated so poorly at a hotel and I hope this one fails or there's a shake-up of staff. There are just too many other good ones in SOBE who actually have ethics and experienced staff willing to accommodate their customers. It wasn't so much pretension that I felt from the staff as panic that they didn't know what to do in that situation so they covered up their inexperience by being adamant and rude.We checked out immediately and got a full refund via Expedia. The Delano treated us wonderfully.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>jss25
<Content>Awful awful awful awful! Don't stay here. All i can say about this hotel is it was awful from the minute I walked in the door. The service is horrible, downstairs pool looses sun and is def. NOT heated, it was freezing. The food was awful, and upstairs pool is too loud, and too much of a scene. Management is terrible. Was there for the NYE party, or should I say fiasco. Paid 5,000 for all access, and they over sold, couldn't see the concert, and the event was so disorganized, and so many fights, and the hotel could care less. Beach service is spotty at best. This hotel will def. loose it's hype, especially the way they treat their guests. DO NOT BOOK A WEDDING OR EVENT HERE EITHER, as the director of food and beverages is not professional at all. Would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jonnm
<Content>Watch for extra charges We spent 2 nights in this hotel just prior to Christmas and while we found the staff pleasant, we felt the hotel had a somewhat clinical and unfinished feeling. The rooms are spacious and nice but the public areas are not particularly inviting.Our biggest gripe however is the extra charge of $19 after we left. We never touch anything in a hotel mini bar and after having seen previous reviews highlight extra charges, we made certain to inform the checkout clerk that we had nothing from the minibar. I called the hotel and they agreed to reverse the charge but I find this highly irritating and makes me wonder if there is a policy to add these small charges expecting that guests don't check very carefully.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	3	4	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>yellowduc
<Content>30 year old hotel with a basic makeover This hotel used to be the Rooney - a terrible and old large motel. This is not new construction. Industrial size and appearance and amenities with a soviet block feel. A fancy lobby and gym does not change the fact that you feel as if your staying in a large dorm room. Rooms were big for miami standards and people were friendly.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>1	2	2	2	1	2	2	2	

<Author>beezlebub
<Content>Drowing in its own hype Just returned from the NYE bash at the Gansevoort South, and I must say that I was terribly disappointed with some aspects of this hotel. Their NYC reputation has extended among the South Beach regulars, and the place is awash is hype. Hottest Spot nonsense that will probably not last the quarter. This hotel occupies the former Roney Palace property, and they have surely invested a huge sum into its renovation. To this effect, they have succeeded; and the sleek, colorful, and sophisticated design of this hotel is spot on South Beach. But this is where the magic stops. For their New Years' bash, we paid nearly $300 per ticket, on the understanding that this price included open bar, food, and perfomances by hip hop artist T.I. The open bar was a singular unit, thus it took nearly 45 minutes to get a drink. They oversold their tickets, so food was only provided to the tables, which cost $5000 each...A clear case of tolerated false advertising. The bar was only pre-stocked.expecting to see T.I. perform on stage, but instead I saw him being beamed in on a flat screen from Times Square. Really, this party was a joke. The door staff was quick to turn their back on you, which is a common and annoying gesture in SoBe. However, if you're paying the massive amount that will inevitably greet you upon checking in, the last thing you want is to be ignored when you need help. For this reason, I do not recommend this hotel. Like most hotels in South Beach, this hotel is stupidly expensive...but unlike the rest, it reeks annoyingly of pretention. For the price, you can book a room at The Tides, Shore Club, or The Delano, all much better hotels that have made their mark in South Beach, and surely will not treat you like you are a bother. P.S. They valet parked my Porsche GT, and still treated me like I wasn't rich enough to step inside.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	1	1	4	

<Author>airhart
<Content>If you're going to spend a fortune, do it somewhere worthwhile. For a fairly nice setup, this hotel just consistently disappointed. From the incessant music in the elevators to the poor quality maid service, for the money there are much better hotels out there. Don't get me wrong, the design is nice, and the pool on the roof was amazing, but the hotel just didn't run smoothly and didn't work for us. All the little details were wrong, including the exposed parking garage under our hotel room and having to go to the lobby to return to the roof. The location isn't so hot either, far up the strip. Poorly thought out, poorly designed, poorly executed. In a place like Miami Beach, where expensive design hotels are a dime a dozen, this place just isn't worth your hard earned money.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	2	2	

<Author>javsigx101
<Content>Superb Everything! Great location, fantastic service, beautiful rooms and great amenities, i.e rooftop, third floor pool area. This is a big property but it is not plagued with big property problems. I was reluctant to stay here at first, I like smaller places but I decided to give it a try and I was glad I did, truly an impressive place. The staff is is competent as well as friendly, especially the Front Desk Staff and they seem genuinely concerned about your stay. Room service - right on time, with no missing items, pool service - quick and efficient, pool attendants - organized and friendly always happy to look out for you, housekeeping - perfect. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>sexygirl88
<Content>Eye Candy Everywhere The Gansevoort South is the epitome of sexy South Beach cool. The roof deck is spectacular, with great views of the beach and the city. Best of all, it is open only to adults, providing an opportunity to get away from the kids that roam the third floor pool area. The chairs, cabanas, towels, and decking are all selected with a great design flair. Complementing this is a selection of beautiful people--male and female---that provide the perfect South Beach people-watching experience. The deck level manager, a hulking ex-bouncer from Boston, provides just the right level of attentiveness to guests' needs. The guest rooms are large, with great black and white photography on the walls and colorful contemporary furniture. The bathrooms are large and well-appointed...showers have room for two, as does the separate deep tub. Loved it...can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>HotelSnob2006
<Content>Fun and Luxe at the Same Time Went down to Miami for a girlfriends weekend. We got a special rate as the property is still very new. Very spacious room and luxurious bathroom. The small, stylish kitchen in the room was a nice touch. Stay away from Phillipe restaurant, basically the same chinese food you get at your neighborhood place for 3 times the price. The spa, gym, and STK were not open when I was there so I can't comment on those. Bed was super comfy and housekeeping was very thorough in their daily upkeep. Shower and Cutler toiletries were great. Beach area is ok, not as hip, happening, or service oriented as Delanor or Shore Club. Pool area downstairs is very family oriented, but has quicker food and drink service. Rooftop is where the fun and party scene is with beautiful people and a live DJ spinning great music. Lobby area is very cool, staff is friendly. Concierge was very nice and helpful. Free internet in the business area was a nice touch. A bit of a walk from Lincoln road, but totally doable. Overall, great place and my new fave hotel in Miami. However, the rates are creeping up. Our room was $300 and some change in October, same room is now going for around 500-600.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldtraveler2ny
<Content>Watch out for Unknown Charges! Great hotel but watch your credit card statement when you get it. I found several charges on my credit card that were not on my invoice and that I did not recognize. I called several times and kept getting transferred to a woman that never picked up the phone nor returned my messages. Once I finally spoke with someone they claim the charges were from mini bar purchases. Anyone that would pay 19.62 for a beverage from the minibar has to be crazy, no matter how much money you have. My only thought is that the maid staff is taking items from the bar and charging them back to the room, can't prove this but why else would I have these charges on my account. Stay at your own risk!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>odetteCt
<Content>loved the service and decor I have stayed at many nice hotels in my travels but this hotel is by far the best in service,decor and i could believe how clean it was they came to clean and pick up your room twice a day. I highly reccomend this hotel to anyone going to south beach I give this hotel ***** stars.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>empire_ion
<Content>The Best of The Best !!! I have stayed in a lot of 4 and 5 star hotels in miami before...this was the first time for us staying at this amazing place...! Absolutely fantastic..! Best service ever..! They even have an umbrella in your room just in case it rains...(Just like a Rolls Royce)..! Beautiful people everywhere...! Awesome lounge with a pool on top of the hotel...! Don't even bother going to South Beach unless you stay at this remarkable hotel...! treat yourself nice...you deserve it...!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>varsitymom2
<Content>Loved it!!! I decided to try the Gansevoort, rather than stay at the Ritz Carlton, or Lowes - both hotels in my normal comfort zone - and what a great decision it was.! First of all, I had an early flight and the hotel was incredibly accomodating to my 10am check in. My King bedded room on the 6th floor was huge, had a 42 lcd TV, and an incredible bathroom. The feather topped bed, down blanket and pillows were amazing. In the closet was a tote bag with beach towels to use during your stay, as well as a large umbrella in case of rain. Both pools were great, the rooftop one being the louder and more for the younger set. The beach was great. Staff was attentive and polite everywhere. Pool side food and drinks were hotel pricey, but good (try the peach sangria!). The David Barton gym was ultra modern and cool. The Moroccon decor and ultra cool lighting made up for the fact there was no natural light. The additional $15 charge was well worth it especially with the hotel's noon check out and my 6pm flight. I stored my luggage, then showered at gym which had Bumble and Bumble products and a really nice locker room.My only warning about the hotel, is the more expensive ocean view balcony rooms. You need to be on the 5th floor or higher to clear the air conditioning vents, and most of the terraces are more side view rather than dead front views. For me, given the time spent in my room, not worth the extra money. City view was perfectly fine (again ask for a high floor).I was traveling alone, but will definitely stay here with my teenaged boys next trip.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Charliesangelsparis
<Content>Just the place in South Beach Just a wonderful experience. My advice if you have the money is to take a Deluxe King Ocean View Balcony the view is amazing and the size is huge. We stay in this hotel 9 nights and it was great.The concierge Ralph found us the best tables in the bests restaurants and he speaks a perfect french.We had just a problem with our neighbours but O'neil and Stephan have resolved the problem the day after. The plunge (amazing swimming pool at the 19th floor) was great especially the WE The gym club David Barton is great but 15$ per person is a little too much especially when you see the price of the room....The restaurant Philippe is just ok...another advice just take the duck ... If you want a great experience in south beach take this hotel!!!Thank you to all the staff of this hotel you are the best (friendly and professional) Sorry for my poor english  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shanghii
<Content>The Plunge was Fantastic! This place is the place to be in South Beach - If you are looking for the hottest spot. The Hotel staff were friendly and eager to please and the concierge AKA Ralph - was beyond excellent! He arranged reservations to the best spots, got us tables at all the right places and took care of getting us through the doors to all the clubs.The rooms were modern, clean and the beds comfortable. The highlight of the place is the rooftop pool area 鈥?it is run by another management group, but you would never know the way they liaison with hotel staff. Joe took care of every last detail and never missed a beat. Great Stay and I cannot wait to get back. My only complaint - avoid the restaurant attached to the hotel - even though it's a high end name and full of the 'right' people - service and food is awful. Find the Meat Market on Lincoln for the best food and service.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mrkpal1
<Content>Simply Irrestible       Roof Top Pool  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lulu383
<Content>Disaster of the Highest Order It would be hard to underscore the horror that is this hotel. My husband and I stayed there for the first time in September 2008 and found just about everything except the room (king-sized city view, which was huge, modern, and comfortable) to be a disaster. The front desk was rude AND incompetent, a toxic combination. So too for waitstaff and pool servers. We found the room cleaning staff to be much nicer--when they actually showed up to clean the room, replace towels, etc., which definitely didn't happen with any sort of consistency. Complaints brought nothing but more frustration and often rudeness. We checked out after two nights and pledged never to return. Unfortunately for me, the Gansevoort was not to be forgotten. A group of friends planned a girls' weekend there just last week, and I had to return. Although it seems impossible, this visit was actually worse. We had requested a room on a high floor away from the elevator and were put in a room on the lowest floor directly next to the elevator. An unpleasant chat with the front desk wrangled us one floor higher, no further from the elevator, and in a room half the size. It took threatening to check out for them to magically produce the exact room we had reserved and requested, and finally--having missed half the sunny afternoon--this room was lovely. Again, there were the same (and sometimes worse) problems with service: having to ask for a menu or an iced tea three times before it's brought; tea and toast taking over an hour from room service; entirely wrong dishes being brought out and when you inform them that it's absolutely not even close to what you ordered, major attitude. You get the feeling that everything here is trickle-down: the management seems totally untrained and inadequate, and of course so are their subordinates. Service aside, the scene was something else to contend with. I'd recommend this hotel ONLY if you are between the ages of 18 and 25 and you love constant thumping music, massive amounts of silicone, tattoos, and general, all-around trashiness. Oh yes, and if you like waiting behind a velvet rope at the elevator and having to show ID just to get to your room. This place is *possibly* fun when you're six months out of college, but a gigantic hassle and headache otherwise. Book another hotel on the strip and then head to the Gansevoort for lunch or a drink, at which point you'll congratulate yourself for not staying there.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>kimberlynyc120
<Content>Fun! We went to the Gansevoort after being unhappy with the initial hotel we've booked and it was way more up our alley! The hotel itself if really cool looking, sharks in the lobby, cool rooftop deck and loungers. The room we booked, last minute, was supposed to be an ocean view deluxe suite with 2 queen beds, and it was, except for the ocean view. But that really didn't bother us, we weren't in the room much. The room was MASSIVE for a hotel room, seriously, massive, 5 people could've probably comfortably stayed there. Great products in the bathroom (Cutler, from the salon downstairs), great bathrooms, large TV, Ipod Dock, cd player with complimentary SOBE CD, desk and sitting room table and chairs. I went by myself one morning to have breakfast by the pool on the 3rd floor and it was great (although I was blatantly overcharged $24 for what should've been a $15 bagel with cream cheese and lox, I didn't feel like having her change the bill). But my friends and I largely preferred the rooftop pool, which is smaller and more of a party, on the weekends they have a live DJ, comfy loungers and cabana's and an amazing view of the beach. The drinks were yummy although, again, overpriced, as was the food but, it's SOBE. We really had a great time here. As a plus, Wilhelmina models is in the building so there were models (male and female) lounging about at the pool all day. The only huge problem we had was that the pool service was severely lacking. The waitresses took South beach snobbery to another level. We were made to feel like we should've been honored to order a drink from them and had to ask for things like pitchers of water and food menus 2 and 3 times and it wasn't even remotely busy when we were there. Overall I think they take the overpriced, hot people, snobby high end hotel thing to an extreme, but it's to be expected. The one thing I'd definitely fix if I were them is their pool servers.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>josiecat8
<Content>Don't Bother Huge disappointment from the very moment I propped open, juggled my luggage and purse and then finally walked though the door. Although, the hotel is aesthetically appealing, it is lacking in every other aspect. For me, customer service is key and the staff at the Gansevoort South is clueless about meeting the needs of its customers. I made my reservation through a travel agency and I reserved a 600-700 sqft Deluxe double room with oceanview and balcony, however, I was provided with about a 400 sqft room with a beautiful view of the air conditioning ducts. Naturally, I requested another room and the man at the reservation desk told me that since it was my birthday he could move me to a larger room without a balcony and on a smoking floor. Huh? How is this giving me what I reserved. So, I made a phone call to my travel agent who in turn contacted the hotel to straighten things out. I was told that I would be moved to an ocean suite and that someone would come right up and move us and our things. About 30-40 min. later we were still waiting so we left the room and brought our luggage down to the lobby to check on the status. We get to the front desk and there is no record of the room change and the manager, Jordan, claims that he wasn't contacted by the travel agent. After another call to the agency, I guess Jordan's memory was refreshed and he put in the room change. Mind you, at this point, I haven't met Jordan nor has he apologized for my inconvenience. He relays his messages through the front desk. In fact, It wasn't until I told them that I was leaving did he bother to come out and greet me. In the end, I WASTED 2.5 hours before I left and went to The Tides. The Tides--Now that's a hotel with great customer service.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>MsZie
<Content>Lies and Pretense. We secured an oceanfront room with balcony from a travel agency. On arrival there was a balcony on a small room and no ocean view. The staff was unapologetic and kept us at the hotel for over 2 hours promising something better. Gansevoort South was contacted by the travel agency to make right on the specifics of the reservation. The management continued to offer sub par rooms including smoking room and ill cleaned room. In the end, the travel agent booked us at The Tides. We couldn't have been more thrilled. At The Tides service was paramount. From location to service all things were better and supreme at The Tides. If you want a great stay in Miami Beach I highly reccommend The Tides and anywhere else other than Gansevoort South  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lilacjo
<Content>Not much bang for your buck The Gansevoort South Hotel has a friendly staff, large rooms, and access to a great beach-- all wonderful qualities for sure - but not so unique and special to them as to warrant what I felt like were ridiculously high charges and fees. The hotel was chosen by my husband's company, so we had no choice in the matter and were already concerned by how expensive the rooms are. I mention that only because I know that some of you reading this will feel like we simply shouldn't have booked there if we couldn't afford it. I also mention it because even if you have money in your pockets to burn, I can't imagine you got that way by not aiming to get the most out of each and every dollar you have. For that reason again, I just cannot recommend the Gansevoort. Here are an example of some of the prices I felt like were just silly expensive: Local calls - $1/minute Ceasar Salad for lunch -$15, unless you want romaine lettuce, croutons, and parmesean cheese (you know, your basic standard ceasar ingrediants) then the price jumps to $25. A regular aluminum can of diet pepsi- $7A bottle of water - $11You get 2 coffee pods per visit, no matter how long you are staying, then after that it is charged to your room via a mini-bar restock. I can't tell you how much because we fortunately caught that small print and didn't ask for more coffee.There are a number of other examples, but this gives a general idea. I know this will seem absurd to some, but I really feel like if say, Days Inn can offer me free breakfast and coffee and toiletries and local calls for around $100/night, why can't a fancy hotel like the Gansevoort do so for around $3-400? Or I have to ask if Gansevoort offered something new or more or special to equate their extra cost.... for me that answer is no. Hope this helps make your decision and that you have a great vacation no matter where you are staying.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>TinaMalmoSweden
<Content>We love Gansevoort Stayed with my 3 children and son in law at the hotel for 2 1/2 weeks and we all loved it. The older children loved the roof top plunge and the younger spent most day at the pool and beach area. The rooms are very nice and spacious and the beds are fantastic. Met lots of interesting people and we all went back relaxed and with fantastic memories from South beach.We received wonderfull service from everybody during our stay and will be happy to go back to Gansevoort.Tina in Sweden  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HarryfromLA
<Content>When You鈥檙e Hot You鈥檙e Hot, and鈥?#x201d; My two-night business stay at the Gansevoort couldn鈥檛 have been more uneven. The hotel oscillated between its accessible edginess and some disappointing letdowns. Here鈥檚 my scorecard:Location: A. Great spot. Everyone should experience South Beach鈥檚 flamboyant self-indulgence at least once. Lobby: A. Exceptional. A welcomed departure from the Delano and Shore Club鈥檚 hip stage-set vignettes, the Gansevoort鈥檚 lobby is light and airy but still edgy. The shark tank adds that element of bad-[-] without being vulgar, and the playful chess/checker/backgammon sets appealed to the surprising number of families that I saw.Check-in: B. Very affable and chatty guy checked me in. No line at the front desk but it took for-ev-er to get me a room key.Rooms: A-. Wider than nearly every hotel room I鈥檝e been in, enough to put a 4鈥?coffee table between the bed and the flat screen TV. Contemporary yet comfortable furnishings which don鈥檛 have that boutique hotel cheapness. The bed gets an A+. Perks: free wi-fi and a demonstrably loud Sony desktop stereo. Minor annoyances: no clock radio, an air conditioner which gave a loud, sleep-ending konk when it turned off at 3:20 AM, and a gale-force wind from my balcony door which I finally quieted at 4:55 AM by propping the door open an inch. Bathrooms: A. Well designed, gracious his and hers counter space, loved the stand-alone glass shower with the hand washer. Roof Pool: A+. Incredibly cool on so many levels. Great bar, outstanding ocean view, beautiful people. The piece de la resistance.Courtyard Pool: C. A letdown after being upstairs. There were large expanses of pool deck left unfinished.Getting Around: going from point A to point B gets a C. One example which speaks to the literal up and down-ness of the Gansevoort: I took the elevator up from my room to the highest level labeled PH expecting that the pool was there. No pool in sight. I asked one of small army of security men who roamed the hotel, and he told me I had to go all the way back down to level 3 and then go back up on the dedicated elevator. I asked if there were stairs instead. He reluctantly said yes so I took a circuitous service stair up. A simple sign in the elevator would鈥檝e solved it. At the Delano you just walk straight back from the lobby to their pool. It was equally confusing returning from the gym to the lobby. Finding the beach requires a GPS. Casinos are easier to navigate. Service: B-. First off, I have to say that the staff were all incredibly friendly and well intentioned which forgave a lot of mistakes. At 10:20, room service politely knocked on my door and asked if I wanted turn down service. Pretty late to be coming by. A friend who stayed next door to me complained that the hotel lost his laundry and he had to call repeatedly to locate it, and when he left his breakfast tag on his door, there was nothing there in the morning. Despite assurances that breakfast was on its way, it never arrived. When he pulled the newspaper off his doorknob, there was the tag.Food and Events: D. Our meeting had a beach dinner. Mediocre appetizers, good but expensive mojitos. Dinner arrived with only French bread and choice of pasta, beef, chicken or fish, which were all tasty. When asked about side dishes or salads, the response was 鈥淭hat鈥檚 what the appetizers were for.鈥?Blinding klieg lights prevented me from seeing my dinner guests. Just an awful experience altogether.Gym: B. I don鈥檛 typically pay $15 to use a hotel treadmill. Moreover, I had to wait 5 minutes to pass through the lobby while they verified my room number. They finally gave up and just let me in. Now I can say that I鈥檝e worked out in a night club. Vast and cavernously dark interiors, loud music (I had to turn my i-pod up full blast to drown it out), cozy club-like alcoves, hardbody locals. I felt very underdressed.Conclusion: B. With a heavenly bed that provides a strong foundation for a good stay, the pieces are all there for a hotel which competes with the best in South Beach. Hopefully it鈥檚 just a matter of working the kinks out. Only time will tell.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>qtpie
<Content>Conference Stay I stayed at the Gansevoort South for a conference. The hotel is aesthetically nice, the shark tank in the lobby is nice to look at. This hotel is newly up and running and has not worked all the kinks out yet. Check in was easy and our room was ready upon our arrival.Bellmen at the front were always plentiful.RoomOur room was the on the third floor, next to the elevators and near the door to the third floor pool. We were intially excited about this.........but..........then each evening we found this to be not so good. We were constantly awakened by loud walkie-talkies that the security/elevator staff use. I am not usually picky and was going to let that slide until night two when it CONTINUED and someone's dog barked for over an hour in a near by room. And........being near the entranct to the pool, made the walkway by our room SO loud from patrons coming in and out from the pool area. That made TWO nights without sleep. The next morning we moved to the 5th floor and the hallway was quiet there. Finally one night of sleep. The rooms, both of them, were cleaned well. The beds and linens were comfortable and of good quality. My favorite part of the room was the shower. Excellent water pressure!! A big plus in my book. Conferencing at the Gansevoort:ON day one of the conference there was no AC in the conference room. This was corrected by day two and we had no problems wih AC after this. The chairs we comfortable, big, oversized, placed in front of long tables. The food for the conference was sadly lacking. Breakfast each morning was fruit, bagels, cereal, and other breads. A choice of protein such as cheese would have made a huge difference.Lunch was worse. We had hard toast with turkey one day and turkey / tofu wraps the next day....problem was the lack of turkey or tofu. This was most suprising. The cookies were really good. We were starving by end of conference each day.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	3	5	3	-1	2	

<Author>Southbeachtravel
<Content>Great place We had a great time at the hotel. The hotel has no competition in South Beach. Rooms are big and luxurious. Much better than any other hotel in South beach. I have stayed in almost all of them and the Gansevoort gets the mix between luxury and boutique hotel right. It is a luxury hotel with a different paint.The rooftop pool is unbeatable and the 2 sharks in the lobby aquarium are amazing!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>feex_1
<Content>Over-rated and pretentious We returned yesterday from a five day stay at the Gansevoort. I will list the positive/negatives that we experienced and you can decide:The positives included:- easy/fast check in. everything was ready for us and desk was pleasant- business center with free internet access/printers- large room with private balcony- the most comfortable beds ever- robes- however, hang them up after you are finished otherwise housekeeping takes them and you will not see them for the rest of your stay.-tasteful decor-fast valet serviceUnfortunately the negatives we encountered were numerous:- we were charged $350 upon check out for smoking in the room (we did not). They would not ammend this charge and no one has returned our calls- beach nazi's/cabana boys initially would not let us choose our seats- come on, we're on vacation, don't sit us next to the Brady Bunch- that's not relaxing!- everything is ridiculously expensive. I know, that's SoBe, but we have been coming here frequently for 7 years and, unless you are Diddy, this is ridiculous. Ex: 2 drinks at the pool- $40. A cheeseburger/fries via room service menu price: $18 once tax, tip, service charge is included: $40. - an odd odor in the lobby, presumably from the aquarium, made it uncomfortable to stay in that area for long- quite a walk to get to SoBe attractions (for those in heels)- no viewPersonally, I do not believe we will return based upon the lack of attention to our concern regarding the incidental charge. Frankly, there are many other hotels in SoBe which provide superior customer service, have better ammenities and leave the pretense behind (i.e.: the National). This hotel needs to provide far better customer service otherwise it will be another passing fad.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	2	5	1	4	

<Author>DutchessLee
<Content>Enjoyed my stay       Rooftop View  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DANABEACHMd
<Content>Gansevoort GREAT! My husband and I just returned from our stay at the Gansevoort South. We really enjoyed it. I booked through website and mentioned we would be celebrating our anniversary. I was called three times the week of our stay and was asked if there was anything we needed during our stay and our upcoming anniversary was mentioned. When we arrived we were upgraded to a City suite. The room was very clean and spacious. My only complaint would be at night you can hear the cab drivers parked across the street yelling at each other! I loved the hotel. Everyone was very friendly. The rooftop pool is adults only and obviously the place to be seen. It was great for people watching. The David Barton Gym is open, very dark but has every piece of gym equipment you could need. Costs $15 to workout. Breakfast by the pool was awful. Lunch at either pool was good. VERY expensive to drink poolside!!! Bartender Brian at Plunge was super nice. I would recommend this hotel. I will be returning in March for a girls trip!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sarah_in_New_York
<Content>Superb customer service while the kinks are worked out My girlfriends and I went to the Gansevoort in August, which I know seems like a terrible idea: it's hot as blazes in miami in August, the hotel was barely open, and the reviews were not looking good. And I admit, I was extremely hesitant. I assumed it would be a really trendy, icky place and I wondered how much they could really care about hospitality if their showpiece is a crazy roofdeck nightclub. Even given a fantastic experience at the NYC Gansevoort during the transit strike two years ago (where they not only gave us a quiet room with a phenomenal bed, they welcomed our pudgy little dog who was clearly above the hotel's pet weight limit) I was skeptical and tried to convince my friends to go elsewhere. I shouldn't have worried. The Gansevoort South is a real hotel, with real hospitality managers. Even though they were still working out the kinks - and yes, there were a LOT of kinks - every person we encountered there did his and her best to make our stay wonderful. Some examples, in no particular order: no coffee maker in the room? how about we send up a beautiful Nespresso Cube with some complimentary capsules. No mirror? We are really sorry about that, but here's a bottle of Veuve Clicquot. You need a late checkout? how about 4pm, is that too early? Even the ladies pushing the mini-bar refill carts were nice, at one point giving me - for free! - a bag of popcorn. I know, it's just a bag of popcorn, but it's the little things that really matter.The room itself was large, beautifully done and comfortable. It's easy to make something look nice, but to also make it a place you are happy to hang out is a different challenge. We visited some friends at the Shore Club and, while the pool at the Shore Club is awesome and more to my taste than the Gansevoort's, the rooms were shockingly drab and uncomfortable. For those who said no kids, I was surprised at how many kids we saw there. I mean, they were playing Marco Polo in the pool right before cocktail hour so, as strange as that is, I guess it's pretty child-friendly. Yes, the rooftop is pretty crazy, and parts of the hotel are not finished, and you have to show your room key to get into the elevators, but they get the big things right.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>anajuan
<Content>Not like NYC counterpart I usually give a new hotel the benefit of the doubt as I know they must be dealing with new staff, but this place has definite management issues. My husband and I stayed there over the weekend for our one year anniversary, and as stated in a prior review, no notice of that was made. I don't expect a bottle a champagne or anything just nice staff and an stress free stay. The opposite is what occurred. We arrived to nice room, they are spacious and at least ours was clean. The pool and the beach are very nice and that was probably the best attribute of this hotel. They consider this a soft opening so expect to see plenty of work still needed to the exterior and not to mention half of their amenities are still not open.. STK, the gym, and spa! Again, I can totally overlook most of these things, however what I cannot overlook is the management and poorly trained hotel staff. We discovered this after coming back from dinner at Phillipe, which I do recommend for the food, but not for the ambiance. It appears they deactivate your key if there is question about the bill. In our case, they had attempted to pre-authorize a large sum to our credit card and our bank declined this. Instead of calling us and letting us know about the problem they locked us out!!! We called our bank and they were unaware of the problem. In any case, we found out the next day that the staff had made errors in the bill, multiple times, and they had attempted to pass the credit cards (this point it was more than one we gave them) multiple times. All I can say is that this was ridiculous and the staff appeared to not care what so ever about their errors. One of them even insinuated that perhaps we didn't have sufficient funds, which is completely insulting for a 5 star hotel to assume! I have been to the one in NYC and I have to say this hotel doesn't even come close. I suggest waiting as long as possible to stay here, perhaps they may work out these qinks, but until then stay away!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	2	4	

<Author>MonkeyNPrinceTravels
<Content>Unbelievable-y...BAD Gansevoort South was the worst 5 Star hotel I've ever stayed at. In fact, you would find cleaner rooms and nicer staff at a Holiday Inn. We got in early, and they were able to give us a room. Unfortunately, it wasn't clean. There were hairs on the toilet seat, grime in the shower and tub drains, and stains on my sheets. Although they sent someone up to clean, there wasn't anything from management to offset these mistakes. For a new hotel, the furniture is showing signs of wear, the carpet stained and just plain nasty. There was loud construction going on directly above us and across from us. If you are staying here anytime soon, I'd suggest bringing ear plugs. The bed was fine, after they cleaned it. Bed had a feather top and the pillows were down. There is insufficient lighting in the room, lots of lamps but with low wattage bulbs so I kept having to open the curtains to see around the room. Large flat screen TV. Layout is studio-like, with couch/table in front of the bed. We didn't have a kitchen in our room like our friend who was on the 7th floor. They had a nicer view of the ocean, we had a lagoon view. Next to the bed was an Ipod docking station, which was one of almost zero pluses. Safe is free to use. Two bottles of Fiji water on bedside table, we drank both. Reasonable at $3 bottle (I think), but don't expect it to be free! My husband had called earlier in the week to tell them it was our anniversary. No upgrade/champagne/card or any acknowledgement from this hotel throughout our stay. This wouldn't have happened if we had stayed at the Ritz (which is where I wanted to stay but we thought we'd try something new)down the street. Gym STILL not open. You'll be working out in a dingy corner room with barely decent equipment. STK STILL not open, but Philippe is and that place is fine for drinks. Staff were generally rude, arrogant, and expected tips which is fine if this is a 5 star hotel, but if I'm going to tip you then you better smile instead of being sour all day long. (Unlike the staff at the Grand Hyatt Kauai where we tipped and tipped and the staff were unbelievable, so accommodating and sweet)! Seriously, I am STILL reeling over how bad this place is. On the day we left, we had asked for a late checkout over the phone. The guy said NO. As we checked out, this SAME guy was on the phone with another customer and gave the customer a late checkout until 5:45pm!!! And all we asked for was a late checkout until 1pm (their checkout time is 12pm). I have never been turned down for an extra hour in the room. This is the worst customer service ever in any place I've stayed, and I've stayed in a thousand places all over the world! Again, bad beginning, bad end. When we got into our taxi, one of the doormen held up our taxi driver and hassled him for a tip. On our way to the airport, the taxi driver explained that the doorman said he needed a couple bucks from the driver since he doesn't make enough tips at the hotel. What kind of establishment is this place? Maybe you'd do better if you were any good! Our driver said Gansevoort is the only hotel that does this sort of thing, not even the Ritz Carlton staff would ask for tips from the cab drivers. I swear, if I could get every penny back I would. But it's okay, I've already told over 1000 of my coworkers to never give this place a chance as I write on our internal newsletter, cuz it sucks and will ruin your time in Miami! Please, stay at any one of the other nice hotels in the area as there's just way too much to choose from. (For example, the Dylan, Ritz, and The Hotel are solid choices). Miami is a fun place, so the hotel you are staying at should enhance your experience, not take away from it.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>SinMurph
<Content>Would not love it I booked 3 rooms in the Ganesvoort South from a Sat to Sat ..Booked though Bookit.com. Upon arrival ( albeit 4 hrs early as we came from a cruise terminal literally around the corner, and basically needed our bags stored until check in ) we were told that the rooms were all on different floors, even though i booked all three rooms together on the smoking floor. They did, however,move one of us to a room with a balcony. one room was on the smoking floor and the final room was on a non smoking floor. There is extensive construction work being done in the hotel the noise started at 8Am  went on for the day, most of it is still under contruction! it is a good walk to Lincolon road which seemed to be the main shopping area. The pool/bar is very pretentious and really only for posers. We had to be wait to be seated by the pool .Even thought it was fairly empty. Drinks are severly overpriced, $9 for a bottle of Bud ...seriously!!!. On the beach a bottle of water was $7.50!! The beach service was very good, there is a private section reserved only for hotel guests. On a Friday  Saturday the place really turns into a party zone. Each room has an ipod docking station which can really blast the volume as we found out via our neighbours on our first night in the hotel! We also had a person trying to break into the room at 2am. He was at the door for about 10mins trying the handle! Then security came along and moved him.All in all It is a beautiful hotel very clean and the rooms are large airy, and the beds are comfy. They could really do with Tea/Coffee making facilities in the room. Not for families with children.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>thiasa34
<Content>Would not recommend until Construction is finished and needs better service My husband and I recently returned from our honeymoon where we stayed at the Gansevoort South hotel. We booked the trip through luxurylink.com as a package deal, which included four nights, five days in a deluxe ocean front room, monogrammed bathrobes, a cabana at the rooftop pool for the day, and champagne upon arrival. When we arrived on our first day, we were initially extremely impressed. We were warmly greeted by name and were congratulated on our newly married status. Our room was gorgeous, very clean, large bathroom, great view of the pool and beach. We loved the 40鈥?flat screen TV and the heavenly down bed (which was probably one of the best things about the hotel). Within the first few hours of our stay, a bottle of Vueve Cliquot champagne was brought up to our room and our monogrammed bathrobes were delivered. However, with all of that being said, here is what we didn鈥檛 like: 1) The Beach Club, although extremely private with its infinity pool had terrible service. Our orders were messed up on two separate occasions, a fruit plate took a little over 45 minutes to get, and the menu and drinks were extremely overpriced. 2) There was on-going construction the whole time we were there. During the day while we sat by the pool there was constant obnoxiously loud drilling and jack-hammering. My husband and I are pretty easy- going so we tried to not let it bother us. But, many guests were very annoyed and it was completely understandable 3) The hotel promotes on their website their David Barton gym and Spa. Yep. They don鈥檛 exist. They鈥檙e still under construction. 4) As most hotels do, they asked for a credit card for incidentals upon arrival. My husband and I didn鈥檛 think twice about it and handed over our card. As we came to find out, everyday we stayed there, the hotel would charge the card the cost of the whole weeks鈥?stay (even though we had pre-paid for the trip through luxury link) plus $200 on top of that for incidentals. At the end of the day, if there were no incidentals they would credit the money back on the card. We had never heard of a hotel doing this before. We explained to them that we already paid for the trip 鈥?we understood if they charged for the incidentals, but the whole weeks鈥?stay (over $1,500)? That made no sense. 5) Our room wasn鈥檛 cleaned until 3:30-4:00 p.m. 6) No coffee pots or hot water in the room. It actually became pretty inconvenient to have to get up and go out to get coffee every morning. Overall, our stay was fine. We were on our honeymoon, so we weren鈥檛 going to let anything bother us. But I wouldn鈥檛 recommend the hotel to anyone until they are finished with their construction and they could definitely step it up on their service. In general, I would recommend the hotel to couples or for people on business. It鈥檚 trendy, the rooms and lobby have great style, and the house music in the lobby is always going. But, the hotel is NOT for families with kids.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	5	2	2	5	

<Author>darrenspeck
<Content>Okay, Poor staff This hotel was okay but the service was awful. They took over two hours to allow us to check in becuase get this the cleaner was on our balcony!!! They told us to go to the roof top bar for dirnks and food. When we ordered we waited and waited and waited. We were then told they had to bread and had gone out to buy some! We were offered a free drink by a very hostile waitress who decided to throw here cheque down when she spoke with us.We went down stairs and still no room, 3 members of staff later they give us a room but guess what no balcony! so quite why we had to wait I have no idea. The hotel is not finished, only the first 8 floors so drilling can be heard which is not great when sun bathing.They also only offer valet parking at $40 a day which is not great. The hotel room itself was nice but overall it is not a great 5 star hotel. I stayed at ceasara palace in vegas last year and there is no comparison. I will not be going back to this hotel and time soon.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	1	2	2	

<Author>NJS22
<Content>The Best of the Best I only spent a few days at the Gansevoort in South Beach but it was by far the best hotel I鈥檝e stayed at in Miami. The room was spacious and airy while the bed was just fabulous. The staff were polite and friendly. And the view from the rooftop pool lounge was truly out of this world. I can鈥檛 wait to go back, but hopefully for longer next time.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WexfordMary
<Content>Luxury at its best The hotel is excellent. The pool is wonderful and overlooking the ocean. Staff are attentive. The best of all was the beds. Huge rooms, huge beds and the pillows are the very best I have slept on anywhere. Twice daily service. The bathroom was equally up to standard. Lovely deep bath and the shower had loads of hot water and plenty of power. Yes, the hotel is a little longer to walk to the hot spots but the hotel more than makes up for that. Taxi's are inexpensive. Miami was a wonderful experience but the Gansevoort was a major part of it. Stay there. You will not be disappointed. It is worth every penny.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hollywood56
<Content>Loved the service,rooms, and pool The Ganesvoort south is a fantastic all in one hotel.The Staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were modern, chic, and spacious. The pool is really cool and over looks the ocean like you are on a ship. For night life, we took the elevator to the rooftop pool for sushi, drinks, and great people watching. My girlfriends and I had a fantastic dinner at Phillipe Chow located in the hotel. The service and food was excellent. I highly recommend staying at this hotel when visiting Miami Beach.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Babygorillacars
<Content>Amazing Spot for a Girls' Weekend We stayed at the Gansevoort South for our annual girls' weekend and had a blast. We stayed in a 2 Bedroom suite with a full adjoining living room.The shower had great water pressure and the toiletries were amazing. We took a beach side yoga class on Saturday morning and were pleasantly surprised to find that each room had a yoga mat we could use during our stay. The rooms had great plasma tvs and Ipod docks in every room.We loved the pools and the rooftop lounge and Phillipe Chow (the restaurant on the first floor of the hotel) is top-notch.I highly recommend this hotel!!!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CJC626
<Content>Felt Like a Million Bucks Very gorgeous and chic hotel. They allowed us to check in an hour early, and were very courteous the entire time. The concierge even hooked us up into a hot Miami Beach nightclub without having to pay cover (much appreciated!). The upstairs pool/lounge is beautiful. I just wish the sun would have been out more often. If I do the hotel thing again in Miami, I will definitely stay at Gansevoort.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>atrutkin
<Content>Fantastic!!! Was in Miami for business and I could not have chosen a better place to stay. The hotel is gorgeous, the service is fantastic and the hotel itself is immaculate. I will absolutely be returning there next time I visit Miami.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>susu_8
<Content>'Absolutely Fabulous" My husband and I recently stayed at Gansevoort south hotel and from the moment you enter the hotel, you are blown away by the fabulous decor.But we were mostly amazed by the rooms! They were huge in size, they had a mini kitchen with microwave and cooktop. Fully stocked bar(but expensive!).The best feature was the bed! it was the most comfortable bed we have ever slept on! The colours and the decor were very modern and very appealing to the eye!Also we loved the roof top pool! With extensive research prior to our trip, we wanted a great pool- and this was it!WOW factor!There was a bar as well, but the drinks and the food were over priced for what they were!! At night it turns to a club/lounge and the music is loud. It was quite windy when we were there, so we didn't spend too much time up there in the evenings.... but it was great during the day when the sun was out! We would definitely stay here again, even though it was a bit out of the main drag(10min walk to Lincoln Rd). We had dinner at their restaurant Phillipe and that was great but overly priced! We recommned that you go down Lincoln Rd for a variety of choices in restaurant/cafes and convenient stores! The prices are better there!The staff were very friendly everywhere we went! They were all willing to help when needed! Especially John(bartender from roof top pool).Awesome atmosphere and ambiance!!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	3	3	

<Author>Jan83
<Content>Best in Miami We had the pleasure of staying in the Gansevoort Hotel in Miami last weekend and had a wonderful time. Everybody was most welcoming as well as very helpful and knowledgeable with any queries their guests have. The room we were allocated was very spacious and extremely comfortable.Hotel is newly redesigned and rely nice. Breakfast was very tasty with plenty of choice. Dinner in Philippe Chow restaurant was exceptional, the food amazing and the atmosphere was very relaxing. I would recommend this hotel any time. Beach is just magnificent with full service from the hotel-plenty of chairs, towels and so on鈥?We love the place and look forward to go back again, perhaps during winter time next time.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Faith1222
<Content>Fabulous!       View from my room  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>MiaLora77
<Content>A great stay at the Gansevoort South My husband and I recently just came back from Miami. It was our first time visit to Miami and after extensive research, we decided to stay at the Gansevoort South. We were really impressed and even though they are still in their soft opening, we had a great experience and enjoyed our time in Miami. The staff was so friendly upon our arrival. We had a delay in our travel and being that we were so tired and arriving late, they were very helpful with our reservations and even upgraded our room to an ocean view deluxe. They even advised us on where to go and where to eat around town which was really nice of them. For the duration of our stay we found that they would always greet us anywhere in the hotel. We didn't ask or request for much, but there was a time when we needed more towels and they were at our door in no time. The room was very spacious! Not your average size hotel room. I love how much space there was. The room is colorful and has a unique design to it. It also has a living and office area. There is also a 42 inch plasma tv , an ipod docking station, and a sony stereo system. The bed was huge and very comfortable! One of the most comfortable beds I've been on in any of the hotels I've stayed at! Another thing that 's nice was that they offer are huge beach bags and towels to use. Just make sure you return those to the room after your stay before you are charged $20 for the bag and $40 for each towel! The hotel is a bit a way from the middle of the action, but not at all bad. It's probably a 10 minute walk to Lincoln Road or about a $7 - $8 cab ride down more a couple blocks to Ocean Drive from the hotel. The hotel has beautiful pools on the third floor and on the rooftop. We enjoyed both on different days. We ordered brunch one day on the third floor and it was too expensive! $22 for a breakfast buffet that only offered what a complimentary breakfast would offer. We were better off visiting Ocean Drive or Lincoln Road as they had breakfast meals being offered at $4.25! A restaurant that became a favorite of ours in on Lincoln called Nexxt. They have a huge variety on their menu at a reasonable price. The rooftop at the Gansevoort is exceptionally nice since it's an adult only pool. With beautiful views of the beach and ocean, it was very relaxing and quiet during our stay. At night the rooftop pool turns into The Plunge Lounge/ Club during Thursday to Saturday. Pretty nice, but the price on drinks were NOT. We paid $36 for two drinks and they were just your average drinks - 2 Long Islands!! And they somehow tack on the gratuity as a part of the bill not to mention everywhere else you eat in Miami. That was the most shocking thing I experienced on our vacation. Other than that, the hotel was exceptionally impressive from customer service to a great stay! South Beach Miami has become a favorite spot of ours so we would definitely consider staying at the Gansevoort again. The way it's going, the hotel will be a huge hit once everything is completed!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Hrlandry
<Content>Had great time on package deal, would not pay the full price! My husband and I had a fabulous stay here at the Gansevoort with a few minor complaints. If we had the same deal, we would stay again.Check-in was quick and easy. As mentioned before, oceanview rooms are actually partial ocean views looking over the pool and having to turn to see the ocean. The rooms are large, with full seating living area with couch, chairs, tables... The bathroom is large, shower kind of tight. They do have a nice beach bag in each room with beach towels in it and also robes and slippers. The bed was AMAZING! And the curtains thick to make the room dark. Also had stereo and ipod docking station in the rooms and large flat screen TV. Balcony was large with table and chairs and a chaise lounge.Also, free wi-fi. Although service was in and out.We chose to just go to the roof top pool. It is 21 and up, so no kids. It does play really loud music, but we enjoyed it. The drinks are pricey, but no different than any other hotel. $13 for mojitos, pina coladas, etc. Their rooftop kitchen has sandwhiches and sushi which was very good. We had a cabana included in our stay which was really nice. There is also a bar up there you can sit at with TV's. Great lounge chairs all over. Great service, even if you want just a carafe of water. It is definitely like a clubby lounge, but this is what we were looking for.Never ordered from room service. FYI, look up The Big Pink. Great restaurant with large menu that delivers for free until 2am. We ordered them every night late night.Complaints: had coffee maker in room (they do have complimentary coffee and tea in lobby til 11am on weekends), but they never refilled the coffee, constantly having to call down for ice, have a few questionable charges after I checked out that I am trying to get in touch with someone to discuss.We had a great time and would stay again if we could get the same deal, $1000 for 4 nights with robes and cabana... Our friends had the same plan and had totally different time: room on cityside with construction starting at 5am. After complaining, this was rectified, but this does speak to they are still in a learning process. Not all staff is yet up to 5 star service standards.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Delane
<Content>Has Some Service Quirks, but Overall was Okay! We stayed at the Gansevoort this past weekend for a girl's getaway taking advantage of a $99 per night Travelzoo (Bookit) special. Three of us stayed in a double deluxe, and the room was very nice and spacious. It also had the best beds ever. Although, the hotel sits on a nice stretch of Miami Beach, we ended up spending all of our time at the rooftop pool, Plunge, where they played great music and served great drinks. Be prepared for the prices. Drinks at the pool are $15 a piece or $90 a pitcher, and a turkey club runs about $18. Definitely expensive, but the quality for both drinks and food was exceptional. Probably our biggest complaint about the Hotel would be inconsistent service. Room service took an eternity each time we called, and there are not any ice machines on any of the floors, so everytime we wanted ice - we were at the mercy of room service. We also put in a lunch order at Plunge at 12:30 one day, and our food never arrived until 3:00 after constant badgering of the wait staff. To be fair, Tony (Pool Manager) was very apologetic and comped our food and a round of drinks. We also went to Plunge one evening when it turned into a lounge. We were kept waiting in a line downstairs only to find the Club half empty once they let us in. We decided that making people wait was just a farce to make it seem exclusive/popular.They definitely have some work to do on the facility too. The beach cabana area is completely deserted/abandoned. There were not any fish in the beautiful tank in the lobby. It's a haul to actually get out to the beach, etc. Our room had horrible lighting. None of our four bedside reading lamps worked. The hotel also sits on the farthest end of South Beach. It wasn't a problem for us as we could still easily walk to the Shore Club, the Delano and Lincoln Road, but some might want to be closer to downtown. Overall, I think the place has a lot of potential if they can work out some of the kinks. I would definitely stay there again for the rooftop pool alone.We went to two excellent restaurants while in South Beach, Spiga on Collins (Italian) and Yuca on Lincoln. Both meals were exceptional. We also went to Mansion, Mango's and Nikki Beach for nightlife. Mansion was fun if you like loud booming techno music, strobe lights, etc. There's a $20 cover and it's much harder for men to get in than women so have the concierge call ahead and put your name on the list if you have men in your group. We thought Mango's had a rather skeezy crowd and didn't up staying there long. However, they do put on quite a bar show if you are into that and their cover is only $10. Our favorite place by far was Nikki Beach on Ocean and 1st street. Go on a Sunday as they have a huge dance party during the day right on the beach. The party moves indoors in the evening with a $20 cover charge. Great music, fun crowd and bargain drinks for South Beach.The only place that we would tell people to stay away from is Jerry's Famous Deli on Collins Ave. We had awful food and service there for breakfast one morning. For anyone interested in stocking their room with some drinks and snacks - there's a CVS and Walgreen's on Linlcoln that both have a significant grocery section. There's also a liquor store on Collins just off of Lincoln.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>goodcop
<Content>Great Room - A little pricey for what you get overall       Gansevoort South - View of Beach  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>tcyaya
<Content>I had issues - and they didn't care we reserved 2 rooms (1 for our kids 22 and 17) at the rate of $480 each per night - we had high expectations. The hotel was beautiful and upon check in since our room was not ready (and it was 4pm) they upgraded my husband and I to a suite. We thought that was great until we realized it was right next to the service elevator and it went up and down behind the head of our bed 24/7. If you stay at this hotel, make sure your room is no where near the service elevator. Another reviewer mentioned that she didn't like that there were no ice machines and they only leave ice when they do turn down service (which we only got one of the 3 nights we were there - one night they didn't even clean the room until we were getting ready to go out to dinner - and didn't do the turn down service that night either) so you go without ice or have to call room service. My BIGGEST problem was that they were under construction (the restaurant and bar by the main pool was basically inoperable and makeshift) that combined with the constant hammering /drilling etc. didn't exactly make for relaxing luxury by the pool. No one had bothered to tell me when I made my reservation DIRECTLY WITH THE HOTEL that this would be the case. I am actually not a complainer - I usually go with the flow - but I was so disappointed with this stay that I felt I needed to write a review. Imagine my surprise when I see another reviewers statement that she stayed there with the $99 construction rate. When I called the hotel to voice my displeasure I was told that someone would call me back. When I didn't hear from her - I called her - she told me that she would inform some other manager of my issues and have them call me back. What a shock!! No one has called me back. they have my money - and lots of it - but they don't care to hear of my experience. That alone puts this hotel in a category all it's own - the I will never return category  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>bryanews
<Content>I paid $99, and really can't complain The photos on the website show a private, quiet, tranquil setting. In reality: kids running everywhere and thumping club music. I was hoping for something a little more exclusive.I explored the various pools, but after my first try with each decided the beach was the best bet. They have chairs and umbrellas - but also nice beach towels to stake a little area away from the crowd.The Beach Club cabana area has been totally abandoned. All of the furniture is still there, but does not look as pristine or inviting as the photos.The location is pretty far north on Collins. It's pretty much the northernmost hotel in South Beach. It's not in the heart of South Beach. I had no problem walking around, but I could see some folks thinking this was too far from the action.All in all, it was a steal and a high quality hotel. I snagged a $99/night deal through travelzoo. I had a what I assume was a standard sized room with a city view balcony. The room was pretty accurate to what I saw on the website - and very large. The bathroom as HUGE. I really like the design.The staff were helpful and friendly. I have no complaints with the service.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nycGUYtraveler
<Content>Great Roof Bar David Barton Gym not yet open, no spa either. Phillipe is a beautiful restaurant, but the food is terrible! You could get better Chinese food delivered to your apartment. The Hotel overall was OK, The building is old, so expect a room that faces the inner courtyard and other rooms. Unless you get an ocean front room, the ocean will seem very far away. The rooms are quite large, with average decor. The hotel staff is not that accommodating, but some are better than others. They charge $38 a day to park your car!The Rooftop Pool and bar are very cool. Other than that this hotel is not that special. You could get a better room and service elsewhere and then just go to the roof for drinks.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	3	2	

<Author>LAvixens
<Content>Amazing Time!!! This was definitely the best time I have ever had in Miami. Me and my boyfriend go down there at least once a year and the Gansevoort is easily the best hotel we have ever stayed. This place has 2 pools to die for, excellent food, and the night life at Plunge is super fun. We had no reason to taxi around South Beach because the hotel has everything you need and more. I wish they were finished with the gym and the steakhouse, but Phillipe was plenty good. The staff is extremely friendly and prompt, from the front desk to housekeeping to the cute doorman every night welcoming you with his warm smile and enthusiasm. When we wanted a late night meal the enchiladas were delicious. When this place is completely finished it will be a five star in no time. This is a place for young professionals looking to get away for a weekend. I love you Gansevoort.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelerallways
<Content>Best service ever We stayed for our wedding night and althought we didn't reserved the suite, after I explained to the front desk, they upgraded me to a suite. It's the best customer service I ever experienced in any retail activity not only hotels.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stunobbcuzin
<Content>Only Worth $99 Ganesvoort South BeachPoor Maid Service Room Not made until eveningFIRE ALARM SOUNDING WITH NO RESPONSE FROM HOTEL PERSONEL JUST IGNOREDOnly breaKast  lunch by the pools no restaurants openTV's Poor working serviceNot enough umbrellas by the pool forced to bake in sunNo easy access to ice had to ask for or find utility closet and get it yourself If you found hotel employees they got you whatever you needed very willing to helpDusty roomsMy closet stunk of urineHotel still under construction no stores or restaurants nearbyFish tank EMPTY$YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR$One of the stunobb cuzins  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>katyMontreal
<Content>needs some work but nice stay.... on arrival we were checked in right away but in a smaller room than the website...i let them know that i wasnt to happy and they upgraded my room...the beach is nice...te 3rd floor pool is nice with a beautiful view of the ocean but there is to many kids...probably cause there is no school...the rooftop pool was relaxing and beautiful with a big pool and nice views.... its 150 to 400$ to rent the cabanas...i thought that is pathetic but i guess people rent them anyway....the waitresses are slow and they never once came up to me to ask if i was okay or if i wanted to order....i had to look for them all the time and they would take forever...i think that for their prices,they should at least have better service...i was there for 2 weeks...and i was treated like i didnt exist probably cause im a woman that didnt rent a cabane and a champagne bottle...very pretentious...at night it turns into a lounge with lots of people....was nice...the room service was also slow and if you call for extra towel or paper,ice,blanket etc..you will wait at least an hour to get it....one afternoon when i came from the pool to my room around 5pm,it was still not cleaned so i called for service and towels and they said that they were short staffed and thy took another 2 hours to come and 1 hour for her to clean....i was strarving....on check out i had extra charges from the roof top that didnt belong to me and they were making me pay telling me that there was no accountant that day...i refused to pay it unless they had my signature ,than they found the bill and it was signed by another person...finally they deducted it but i almost lost my flight...all together i loved the room and decor of the hotel,spacious and nice pools,clean but zero on customer service,even the concierge were unfriendly...doormans and securities are polite and friendly...  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>FabsBabs
<Content>Champagne Cork in the Eye My stay at Gansevoort South was nothing short of a spoof movie about how bad a hotel can possibly be. it is obvious the staff at the hotel have never worked in the hospitality industry, or possibly have never stayed in a hotel. The website is full of false advertising, as none of the amenities were complete during our stay: David Barton gym was a construction site and Philipe was nowhere to be seen. Highlights listed below- We were 'upgraded' to a quite standard looking room which turned out to be the ADA compliant where the bathroom flooded when we took a shower. We were then moved into a suite for our trouble...thanks. I asked that our sofa bed be turned down on my way out to dinner. When I returned it was definitely still a couch. 45 minutes later someone returned with one pillow and one sheet. Apparently there were no more blankets in the entire hotel, and he had to check with his supervisor to see if he could bring me one. The following night we ordered room service and the staff showed up in cut-off jean shorts. Hardly standard uniform.The Plunge rooftop bar doesn't check room keys to make sure the guests are the only ones ordering off the roomtabs. Sunday afternoon the Miami Dolphins showed up and the pool and turned the space into a bad rap video complete with their entourage and lady friends. We ran into the manager in the elevator and told us that Plunge is just like St. Tropez. I am sorry, but that scene is nothing like St. Tropez. Creme de la Creme: At brunch an inexperienced waiter failed to open a nearby table's champagne bottle by pointing away from his face. He put the bottle on the table, face over the bottle, and pulled the cork straight up. NO LIE...the cork wizzed off and popped him directly in the eyeball. As an added bonus, the incidental charges were put on the wrong credit card, and two months later this still has not been resolved. The staff and managers will not call you back to deal with any issues, and they always seem to be in meetings.Do yourself a favor----STAY ANYWHERE ELSE!!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>primarstufen8
<Content>The BEST time EVER!!!!       lobby  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bostonsicilian
<Content>Best hotel in South Beach! 5 Diamond Service, Incredible staff-best in the bizz       Hotel pool, 3rd floor  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pavatar
<Content>Great Potential - Still Working Out The Kinks Recently stayed at the Gansevoort South for a weekend taking advantage of the $99/night special the hotel was offering while under construction. We had two rooms which were nearly identical. One room had a partial ocean view.Check-in was easy and the desk staff was friendly. The concierges at the hotel were very helpful in providing information about local restaurants and nightlife. The lobby was very nice. I didn't see sharks in the fish tank, but plenty of tropical fish. Free internet access on several computers in the business center, which was great.The rooms were new, large, very clean and modern. The beds were extremely comfortable. Large, flat-screen TVs, clock/radio with ipod dock, and a cd player with the Gansevoort's own cd for listening. The bathrooms were large and clean with giant shower stalls.The rooftop pool was beautiful and not very crowded in the morning and early afternoons. Staff was attentive and provided lounge chair covers and towels. At night the rooftop transforms into a bar/lounge. The David Barton gym is not yet open, so several adjoining rooms have been set up as a temporary gym with treadmills and cardio equipment, dumbbells and several machines.The beach club was deserted and under construction, but the beach in front of the hotel was uncrowded and peaceful. For guests of the hotel, lounge chairs, umbrellas and towels are free. In addition, each room has a beach bag with 2 large beach towels for guest use.All in all, we were very pleased with the Gansevoort South. We clearly understood that the hotel was not yet finished which was the reason for our bargain rate. But for large, clean and comfortable rooms, an eager (if slightly inexperienced) staff, and a good location on the northern end of South Beach, it was a real winner.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BabyBer
<Content>HORRIBLE! Easily the worst hotel experience I have ever had -- barring the one night in a 5 euro hostel in the shadiest area of Athens, Greece.Our room was not available at check-in time and had to wait over an hour.The service was horrible:*there are no ice-makers on each floor (like most hotels) so you have to call for room service. It literally took 2 calls and AN HOUR to get ice delivered to our room.*our room was not cleaned (beds made, towels replaced, etc.) until 4p.m.*LOUD! There was music coming from next door and above/below us both nights until early hours of the morning. It took security about 45 minutes to show up by which time it was no longer necessary because I had already gone to knock on the neighbors' door/asked them to turn music down.The beach is not easy to get to from the hotel so if you are traveling with older people or young kids it is terribly inconvenient. . .be prepared for long walk and climbing lots of stairs (from 3rd floor pool).For the price -- including constant tipping and cost of valet parking (not optional) -- definitely not worth it.The room was very nice with some nice upgrades like super water pressure in the shower and an alarm clock in which you can use an iPod. However, these extras in no way over-compensated for all of the inconveniences.I cannot help but think that some of the positive reviews are being written by insiders.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>PnaiJen
<Content>Definitely recommend!!       Hotel lobby  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>miamireview
<Content>David Barton Gym  If you're looking to book at this hotel b/c of 42,000 sq. ft. fitness center and spa advertised on website, stay away! Despite the advertisement on the web, the facility is not yet open and won't be for at least a few more weeks. Nowhere on the website is this explicit; in fact, we were under the impression it was open and ready for use. If you want to work out while staying here though, there's always Room 422 - the temporary gym! Putting aside this problem, the hotel is overall very nice. The infinity and rooftop pools are great. Service is lacking. For any problems you have, go to the concierge staff. They are fantastic and understand that, at the rate you pay for this hotel, you deserve attentive and good service.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Irania
<Content>Poor customer service The hotel is brand new, very clean and very fancy. We loved the contemporary furniture and appliances. However, the staff was not friendly at all, they seemd overwhelmed by he amount of work they had. After 2 hours of waiting to check-in, they gave us the keys for our room without telling us a word about the facilities of the hotel. So, we had to discover everything on our own. If you book directly with them, you might be lucky and get a prefferential treatment. You will know from minute one about the fancy restaurant Phillipe, they will give you plenty of info about the hotel, etc . If you are booking with a travel agency, forget about it. They don't care about your arrangements with the agency, you get what you get and that's it!I think the staff should get a training in Mexico or the Carribean in terms of customer service... they need it so badly!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	1	2	5	

<Author>christiebeach
<Content>HATED Gansevoort South- please read before you book The pictures on the website for this hotel are completely deceiving. It is not at all peaceful or beautiful. It is a remodeled Radisson that even before it was entirely open (when we stayed) and in the off season was completely packed with loud music. The fact that one of their signature drinks is named the P.Diddy really says it all. There was no taste or thought put into this hotel. It is just a really large money maker with a cool lobby (but any W lobby is nicer). The room was small and our ocean view faced the opposite side of the hotel, you had to walk outside to see the ocean. I cried upon check in and before we unpacked my husband and I asked the manager to let us out of our reservation (one night only) because I could not stay there without depression setting in. The manager did NOT budge, I asked if we could pay half price for our 10 minutes in the room and he said no- we were stuck with reservation. Making us stay only makes me hate the hotel and have more bad details to share. On the walk to see the pool I passed a public restroom that was out of order with a smell coming out that was so horrible I had to hold my breath as I walked past. Food is awful- boring normal American fair. If you like VERY large resorts with no personality but lots of loud music and alcohol then by all means, spend the absurd price for crap. But if you have traveled before and want your hotel to have some personality (other than miserable) go elsewhere in Miami- there are plenty of other options which we love, The Standard, The Hotel, The Tides, Shore Club, Raleigh, to name our favorites. I cannot say enough bad things about this hotel. AWFUL.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>businesstraveler9
<Content>One of the best on the beach Stayed at the G recently for a fun weekend and really enjoyed it. We live fairly close actually, and nearly everyone we met staying there lived fairly close by as well - a good sign. This is one of the best hotels on Miami Beach. Having said that, service is not always the best (a universal South Beach trait) but its nothing serious. The location is a bit of a walk or short cab ride to Lincoln road, and further to the south end, but not bad. I wasn't initially crazy about the decor and color schemes, but it grew on me. We had a non - view room, but it was very large and very pleasant, and the bathroom was big. Both pools are beautiful, and the nightlife on the roof is pretty good. I think it will be very windy in the winter, but looks great. The beach area is a bit odd, its just a fenced in area with sand. Looks fine, no views, but not sure why you would hang out there. Food and drinks are expensive but pretty good. Prices are silmilar to the Ritz Carlton, Delano, etc. Overall - I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Garota05
<Content>Excellent Hotel!! My husband and I arrived very early on a Wednesday morning (6:30am) and the hotel allowed us to check-in and as our room was ready we were able to head straight to our room for some sleep (very tired from an overnight flight). Given that check-in is normally 3pm, we were very happy being able to check in so early in the morning.The room was very big! Huge bathroom with shower and bathtub and two sinks/basins. Excellent toiletries as well! The bath towels are huge and lovely and soft - it is always great to stay in a new'ish hotel as everything is still nice and new..The bed is the most comfortable I have ever slept in (and we're frequent travellers) - there is a goose down underlay and doona/duvet on top and the pillows are also goose feather/down, which is so comfortable. The block out shades/curtains and comfortable bedding can result in some decent sleep-ins! The flat screen plasma is excellent (although ours did make a strange buzzing noise which was kind of annoying) and the balcony is quite big. We had a side view of the ocean which was lovely.Although there is still quite a bit of construction still going on, it didn't both us one bit - keep in mind that there are several buildings being built around the Gansevoort (a Walgreens directly across the road and also the 'W' hotel is being built next door) - so I think a lot of the noise is actually coming from those sites rather than the Gansevoort itself. The Roof Top is excellent - there is no charge for the use of the cabanas (which I had read in a previous review) and the pool on level 3 is also very good and plenty of deck chairs/lounge chairs etc. The beach front is another good option for those wanting to soak up the sun and towels are provided everywhere.We didn't eat and the hotel so can't review the food or the prices, but we bought water from the local Walgreens instead of using the mini bar which worked well for us.We booked directly through the hotel website and got a very reasonable rate of $195 per night (plus taxes) and we were treated very well...There is free tea and coffee in the lobby area in the morning until around 10-10:30am, which you can take away, so it's great to pop down and grab a coffee and head back to your room to relax.The hotel is around a 10-15 min walk to Lincoln Road, and we both really enjoyed the walk on the boardwalk rather than the street to get there. The food in Miami is excellent (and very reasonably priced) and the El Rancho Mexican restaurant we found to be a standout for both price, food and service.We spent 5 nights at the Gansevoort and didn't want to leave! Very comfortable, very cool and high recommended! 5 stars from us!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jenn10128
<Content>Great Shower Pressure  The shower pressure here is amazing, you will want to stay in the shower for 30 minutes. The towels are huge and fluffy and the bath robes are terry lined on the inside, but smooth egyptian cotton on the outside. The beds are extremely comfortable, and the sheet are so soft and luxurious. The only huge complaint I have is that everytime I take a shower, a ton of water leaks out of the stall and about 1/4 to 1/2 of the entire bathroom floor is then covered with water. I've stayed in at least 2 different rooms and it happened both times. I think it's the design of the glass doors, there are no seals to keep the water contained. The slippers are also extremely comfortable and well constructed - not cheap.Room service is unbelievably expensive. The Ocean Drive Omelet is very good, but beware, there is cheese in it, yet they don't note it on the menu or breakfast slip. Toast doesn't come with the entrees. They should offer oatmeal on the breakfast slip.The pools are nice, but it's a bit of a far walk to the beach. Right now there is no sundry shop in the hotel, so if you need any toiletries, be prepared to walk 7 long blocks. There is a Walgreens under construction across the street.When you enter, there is a huge aquarium in the lobby with real fish. I'm sure it was cool as a concept on paper. But the water gets cloudy easily, and fish seemed to be dying every day. I'm sure the maintenance cost exceeds the benefit here. They should have just stuck with a waterfall and called it a day.Overall, there is great potential for this place to be quite the scene (and worth the $$$$) but they have to fix a few things.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>KevHollywood
<Content>Loved the Gansevoort!! I stayed at the Gansevoort South over July 4th weekend. The Gansevoort South was an excellent experience all around. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, from the valets, to the check-in desk attendants, the elevator attendants and the pool personnel. My first night there I was in a city view king and the room was beyond my expectations. I was shocked that what is essentially the base room was so large, spacious and comfortable. The styling was a perfect mix of modern and trendy, yet homey and comfortable. For my next 3 nights I was upgraded to an ocean view suite. The room actually had a full ocean view and a roomy balcony. Many south beach hotel, such as the Shoreclub and the National, offer an ocean view, but you tend to end up with a partial ocean view instead. Room service was quick and the housekeeping staff did an excellent job.Plunge, the rooftop pool and lounge, is incredible. I spent each day lounging in a day bed and enjoying the pool and the scene, which includes a live D.J. It's quite the scene in the evening as well, though I think I still prefer Skybar as my night time, poolside, South Beach lounge of choice.The hotel is still not completely opened, but there is more than enough going on to thoroughly enjoy yourself, including two pools, a temporary gym and Philipe Chow restaurant. Further, when South Beach is in season and in full swing come the winter and spring, I can only imagine how insane the place, especially plunge, will be. I'm looking forward to returning.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GaFriend
<Content>Would definitely recommend Me and my husband spent 5 days at the Gansevoort. I read the reviews and knew it was new and still had construction going on - so I was prepared for a little dust. The hotel was actually in great shape and none of the construction affected us or took away from our stay. The pluses: The rooftop pool is awesome!!! It is absolutely beautiful with beautiful views. The staff was great and set us up in one of the cabanas at no extra charge, because it was during the week and not busy. The ambience is great and the furniture around both pools is very cool and fun!The rooms are GREAT!! Very spacious and the bed is great!! Loved the large flat screen on the wall and all the room in the bedroom and bathroom.Needs Improvement: We had to wait 2.5 hours to get a room - not real happy about that, since it was raining outside, so we really couldn't go walk around to kill time. Luckily we were able to watch the men's Wimbledon finals at the rooftop bar/pool under cover. Their excuse was it was the 4th of July weekend and they had been at full capacity and were behind getting all the rooms cleaned. Service varied. They were great when approached, but we had to flag down or go look for servers at the pool. Food is VERY pricey at the pools - 2 chicken sandwiches $50 after food, tax, gratuityIf you are looking for a great hotel to relax and enjoy the ambience of South Beach - I would highly recommend this hotel. I think they are working on getting the kinks worked out. We checked in on a Sunday, (right after 4th of July) and didn't experience any problem with music coming from the rooftop pool. I would highly recommend this hotel for couples or singles. It is not for small children, at all.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>DCTravelinJ
<Content>Great Vacation!!!       The comfy beds  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>echo78
<Content>A+ experience Just returned from the gansevoort south. We had an outstanding experience. Although we were informed by the reservation specialist that this was a soft opening the hotel seemed completed to us. The pool is beautiful. The room was wonderful. Very stylish, spacious and the bed was incredibly comfortable. The most impressive aspect of the hotel was the staff, which my husband accurately deemed proactively hospitable. From the reservationist Joshua to the valet Gustavio to the pool attendant Francisco, everyone was eager to please, lovely and helpful. The hotel seems to make accommodating its guests a priority, and it really shows. I have traveled extensively, this hotel was a real treat!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SanniAtTheBeach
<Content>Never Again - Not Even For $99       Third floor infinity pool  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	5	1	1	5	

<Author>CarolinaGirl27517
<Content>Hip and Sexy       Family Pool  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aislealways
<Content>Shockingly bad... check out within 90 minutes. This is the second TripAdvisor review I've ever written, but I thought it was worth it.I booked this hotel directly through their very sexy website. I live in New York and have had a cocktail or two at the Meatpacking outpost - having said that it's not my scene, but the service seemed good and the hotel gets ok reviews.There is clearly a big difference between running a city hotel and a a beach resort, which I'm not sure the management has got their head around.On check-in we were told we could have a 'really special room' on the 8th floor (the original was on the 5th) so somewhat excited we went to our room (overlooking the builders everywhere and the missing ceiling panels etc.)...The room was special indeed, with a view over the car park and straight into another apartment building. And the Ocean View was there - if you turned your head 90 degrees (we'd be told it was 'head on' - yes, head on a plate).So to the roof deck. The 100 foot bar. Granted the weather wasn't good and the hotel wasn't busy (good job as the deck wasn't finished, their were workers all over the unfinished changing rooms and the wiring for the sound system was hanging loose. I said, let's have a sandwich.Well, I said it to myself as the bar-boy was too busy being filmed to serve us. Finally we ordered a beer and a sandwich. Well at this point the rain really came down and we asked if they could bring the sandwiches to our room as we were going to chill there (over-looking the car-lot)...One hour later, no sandwiches. Call front-desk, line permanently engaged, had to ring the hotels full number, as if calling externally and even then they couldn't figure out where the plunge rooftop bar was. Get hung up on 2 times and woman on roof bar doesn't understand what's happening.Sandwiches arrive, looking like they were made in a bad deli, and of course cold and rained upon. Ring duty manager at this point, room bad, food bad, service bad, hotel REALLY unfinished, she tells me 'There's nothing I can do about the food as we sub-contract the restaurants'. Right, so you can't refund me the cost of these 2 cold wet sandwiches 'I can't do that I'll have to get the food and bev manager'.Not great. They come and move us and as we walk through the building site we move to the 6th floor and face the ocean (well that's a lie actually, they tell me NONE of the rooms FACE the ocean - I reckon they saved all those for the condos)... that's all well and good, apart from the dawning realisation that the beach really is a building site. Mounds of sand, no loungers, no view, nothing. It's like The Palm in Dubai.At this point (and this is a $400 room) I'm done. The hotel is as close to SoBe as Narnia, the service is terrible, they clearly care more about selling real estate than providing any semblance of service and on that point we quit.No real apologies on departure (well we get the 70 dollars back for 2 sandwiches) and we check-in to The Tides. Same price, bfast included and service like you expect. Don't be fooled by the fake cool. This hotel is not ready. Not good and not worth it.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	2	1	3	

<Author>allure224
<Content>Loved the Rooms  Had a wonderful time @ the Gansevoort- The rooms are pretty large by south beach standards- 700sq ft, and so we were thoroughly impressed. The rooftop pool was definitely the place to be. The scene and service was great. Try to get Canelle as your waitress because her bubbly personality can be addictive and contageous and she'll go out of her way to get you what you need regardless of who you are (i.e.- watermelon when its not on the menu) Theres another pool on the 3rd floor where families with kids were so the rooftop was basically about good looking people, music, and drinks. The staff are great throughout with the managers asking about your stay daily making you feel welcome. Everyone in the hotel wants to make sure that youre having a great time.Definitely dine @ Phillipes downstairs with a strong recommendation for Jason as your waitor!It is a soft opening and the stores are not yet open but by the end of the year...this hotel should definitely be filled to capacity with trendsetters.I definitely would and will stay in this hotel again,Thx,J.R.New York  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovethebeachbaby
<Content>Great hotel, but you need to know... Great hotel and excellent staff- EVERYONE was really nice and professional and seemed to know their jobs well. The rooms are beautiful and clean and the beds are exceptionally comfy. Everything is brand new, so it's an especially nice time to enjoy this hotel. But here are a couple of things you should know before you book a stay here:First, and this is minor, but a lot of the rooms don't have bathtubs, so if this is an important feature for you (it was for us), then make sure you are clear about that when you reserve. Our first room only had a shower stall, but luckily they had space that weekend and they were able to move us to an even nicer room with both a shower and a separate tub. Second, on weekends, this hotel can be a scene, and the thumping music until 2 am or later is UNAVOIDABLE. This may not be a great choice for people with kids or early risers. We were in a room on the 8th floor and the music was coming from the roof (on 16), and I could literally sing along to the songs from inside my room with the windows closed. We'd flown in that day and we were tired and trying to go to sleep by 1 am (which isn't even that early if you think about it) but there was no way to sleep with the music blasting from the roof-top party. I called downstairs to ask how late the party was going, and the guy at the front desk said probably like 2 or 3 am. The music went on until just after 2, which in retrospect wasn't horrible, but it wasn't great either. Every hotel guest we talked to the next day had been disturbed by the music, so it seemed like no matter where you were staying in the hotel you could not avoid hearing it. This only happened on 1 of the 3 nights we stayed, thankfully, but I was really wishing I'd brought some ambien with me for the night I couldn't avoid the party.Other than that, we literally had no complaints. The pool area is beautiful (we preferred the 3rd floor pool to the rooftop pool, but the roof is nice, too), the lunch food at the pool was delicious, and even though the area between the pool and the beach wasn't finished yet, they seemed to be close to finishing. There was access directly to the beach from the 3rd floor pool area, and the hotel has chairs, umbrellas, and attendants right at the beach, which is really nice if you choose to be by the ocean instead of by the pool.We had a car, but if you're staying at this hotel, you really don't need one. It's a 15 minute (beautiful) walk on the boardwalk to Lincoln Road, where lots of restaurants and shops are located, and you can get everywhere else by taxi, which, if you're staying within the South Beach area, will be cheaper than the cost of a rental car and the parking charge at the hotel, which I think was around $25 a day.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>londonlollipop
<Content>(Almost) fabulous Gansevoort My boyfriend and I chose the Gansevoort for our 5 night stay in South Beach for many reasons. Having been to the Gansevoort New York, I knew it had to be good. I'd also say that most of the reviews on here are pretty accurate. There were a couple of things I would disagree with, however. Firstly, the food is very average and very overpriced. We ate by the pool only once as soon as we arrived and were disappointed. I saw the food served on the rooftop pool which looked ok, but you don't seem to get a lot for your money. I guess that's just because of the type of hotel it is. Secondly, the service was inconsistent between the pool at beach level and the rooftop pool. You pay $5 dollars for a soft drink at each pool but on the rooftop it is served in a glass and at the beach level pool it is served in a plastic cup which is half the size! I brought this to the attention of the waitress who couldn't have been nicer and incidentally agreed with me wholeheartedly. I hope this has been rectified. Other than that we had a fantastic stay. Our room was beautiful and very large. The pools are amazing (go to the rooftop pool very early at a weekend as it gets very busy) and the staff are very helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. Highly recommend the Gansevoort.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>rodiggity79
<Content>Will be a nice hotel when everything opens I stayed at this hotel mid-June 2008 and I agree with all the previous posters.The hotel still has a lot of amenities that are not officially open. We paid a discounted rate because of an event but it still was not cheap. The kind of service you expect from a hotel this price is well above what they offer (as of now). There were no real restaurants at the hotel so to get something to eat you had to go to the pool bars. We went down to the pool one evening around 5:45pm and were informed the bar would be shutting down in 15 minutes so we needed to order quick. I didn't understand this because the pool technically closed at 10pm. It's South Beach... people love relaxing by the pool/beach with a drink... why wouldn't you leave the bar open until the pool closes? Their prices are a bit outlandish... $18 for a cheeseburger, $13/drink. I think this hotel is trying to be chic and expensive but doesn't have the services or ambience yet to justify the prices. That being said, their rooftop pool is very nice and rooms are gorgeous. I enjoyed my stay and would consider re-visiting when the restaurants and gym open up.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>mlynn280
<Content>Best Hotel in South Beach! Gansevoort South is absolutely the BEST hotel in South Beach. The Plunge rooftop pool/lounge is incredible and the staff go way beyond customer service!!! The rooftop atmosphere includes a great mix of music, cabanas, beds, and lounge chairs. There is a beautiful breeze from the beach and the cocktails/food are pretty amazing too. The Pool Plaza is very relaxing and just the place to lounge after a night on the town. I stayed in the Gansevoort Ocean-front Suite with balcony. I couldn't ask for anything more in a hotel room. Absolutely GORGEOUS and the Nespresso machine was the perfect touch in the mornings. The hotel manager Michael Lindenbaum is by far one of the most proficient individuals in the business and cares very much how the guests are treated. The restaurants, gym, and nightclub were not open during my stay but I would do it all over again in a second. This hotel is the place to be in South Beach! You will not be disappointed and I plan to visit the hotel again next month.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bhm3esq
<Content>An amazing property with amazing staff I just returned from a long weekend in South Beach. The hotel is magnificent; I鈥檝e never experienced such incredible service in all areas of property. The rooftop pool is amazing in both layout and vibe. The pool attendants and waitresses were wonderful. I have stayed in arguably some of the best hotels, not only in South beach, but in the country and I would say this is one of the very best hotel I have ever stayed in (and they still haven鈥檛 opened their gym nightclub or restaurants). The hotel manager Michael is one of the most efficient, hard working, caring and hospitable individuals I've ever met in the business. This property is an absolute must while in South Beach.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>junoman973
<Content>The Hotel In Sobe       Plunge Pool Partyon Roof  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saet
<Content>Avoid! A quick overview:1) There isn't a restaurant open yet at the hotel. A continental breakfast is served by the pools, not recommended if windy. The American breakfast is served in the hallway where the conference rooms are. Crappy ambiance and there's a model agency office in the hallway too. They have a white cloth sheet separating it. The omelet was good one day and horrible the next. The prices were average for this type of hotel, but the food below average. The total for breakfast was $100+ for two. Go somewhere else for breakfast. 2) DO NOT STAY in room numbers ending with 52 or the room in front of it (forgot the room number) These rooms are separated into A and B. So for example, there's room 552A and 552B. You first have to open a main door and there will be a door to your left and right. The problem here is that some of the staff do not know this and they only knock the main door. This is frustrating since you cant hear the knock sometimes or you aren't sure if they are looking for you or the guest living next to you. One night a friend of the guest living next too us was pounding at the main door trying to wake his friend you. It took 20 minutes of pounding to wake him up. And some of the staff will open the main door, but be clueless if your room is A or B since it isn't marked on the doors. They knocked on our door a few times not know if we were A or B. It gets tiresome after a few days. We called Guest Services to inform them of the problem, but it seemed that nothing was done.3) The room's a/c is really loud. Not sure if they can fix it, so beware if you are a light sleeper.4) The hotel's reference book says that the hotel will provide toiletries such as comb, toothbrush, razor, etc. We requested a comb and toothpaste and was informed by housekeeping that they didn't have them, but that they will get it for us. After a full day of waiting, we just bought it from a store. The comb or toothpaste never arrived during our stay.5) The hotel isn't hip or trendy at the moment since none of the restaurants/bars are open yet. The hotel is dead at night except the rooftop pool. But anyone can access it. The hotel's decor is great, but it is missing key components to make it THE place to be.6) Most of the staff are nice but they really need more training. It feels like many of them came from business hotels like sheraton, hilton or holiday inns...7) If you got problem's don't bother going to the manager. He will only give you a I'm sorry speech. Can keep going and going since this hotel is so not up to standards with the other hotels in Miami Beach.Let the hotel be fully open, which seems to be sometime next year, and then go. This hotel shouldn't be considered for people planning to pay $400+ since you get a better experience at other hotels. You will only be getting better pools at this hotel.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>sweetvirgobabie
<Content>soon to be miamis hot spot Visited the hotel during the soft opening. Though the hotel is not 100% ready you can tell that this is a great thing in the makingWe were disappointed that the David Barton Gym and Spa was not ready , they have a small workout area in the meantime but compared to what is to come it was too cramped.The rooftop pool was amazing. We were excited about lounging there and it truly lived up to its expectations. Its adults only so its really relaxing during the day. The staff was attentive and friendly. The mojito was so so. The sushi and the wraps were satisfying.The 3rd floor pool lounge looks great but the hot tub wasnt ready so we didnt stay thereThe first room that they gave us had a shower door that didnt close which caused the bathroom floor to be immersed in water. Maintenance came and suggested we change rooms, though the mgr promised that they will come switch us immediately it took 3 hours. A bit annoying in that we had to sit in limbo for all this time. The bathrooms in this hotel are huge. Stand up shower with soaking tub and two sinks. awesome.The bed is super comfy and inroom entertainment is above average. ipod dock, radio with cd, and flat screen tv with lots of stations. good to pass time when those miami rainshowers come along.the concierge was extremely helpful with reservations and nightlife suggestions.all in all you can tell that this is miamis new hotspot, once the restaurants open and the shopping stores open this will be a self contained hotel where you can shop play party workout spa and dine without having to leave the facility  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jimmyoscar
<Content>Great rooms and staff Checked in at the Gansevoort South after a terrible one night stay at the Shore Club. Liked this place from the minute we arrived.Very smooth check in, great friendly and corteous staff. Room was very nice with everything you would expect of a hotel with this reputation. Including free wi-fi, a fantastic bed and linens and gorgeous furnishings.The hotel is still only partly open but did not affect our stay one bit. Probably made it better as everyone was concentrated fully on making the place a success, the staff could not have been friendlier.The pool is excellent, again with great staff. There is also an incredible rooftop pool with a cool bar, great to look down on Miami beach from the roof with a cocktail in the evening.We will definately stay here again on our next trip to Miami. Nothing but praise for the place.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jessesq
<Content>Very cool!       Plunge at night  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>NewYorkPsmith
<Content>horrible service/unprofessional I have to admit the overall place was nice and loved the lobby. The drinks were way overpriced, and with the horrible service they had the audacity to include a 20% gratuity at the rooftop pool. We waited about 10 minutes before a waitress even came over to greet us, then more than 15 minutes for our drinks. The sushi was delicious, but the service was terrible. A female manager was yelling at her bartender in front of hotel guests at the bar. Totally unprofessional. There was a fire alarm going off both days that I stood there, and there was construction going on. I heard, from an employee on an elevator, that there was asbestos in the building. I have no idea what that was about, but at the prices for the rooms and beverages, it was like a slap in the face. I would not stay there again, there are plenty of places in South Beach just as nice with more professional service. It seems like a bunch of people who don't know what they are doing invested a lot of money, maybe they should have opened a Howard Johnsons instead.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Foodmaster68
<Content>Hip, Beachfront Locale, Service Needs Improvement Stayed for one night, as we live just to the north and often stay in Miami Beach for a weekend. Soft opening, as its not completely open in all regards. Overall, its a beautiful, edgy, clean-lined hotel. It is at the northern edge of South Beach, so its somewhat of a walk to any shops, bars, etc. The rooftop pool (adults only) has great views and a sushi bar; we ate sushi by the pool at our lounge chairs and it was top notch. The third floor pool is expansive and comfy, but the service there was almost nonexistent. We had to ask twice for a waitress to get drinks; they were busy chatting instead of working. Plus, when mojitos are $26 each, you should get amazing service. Workers constantly jumped into elevators before us, then talked about company problems with us standing right there. The front desk had one person at the desk helping (others were on phone, organizing), which made it slow there. The valet and front door guys were terrific, though. Everyone was friendly, and the place is very cool and funky, but service needs some more professionalism. I would stay there again, as I assume over time they will get their act together and it will be a premiere, hip hotel.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>papabeech
<Content>Will be Amazing       view of the roof top pool  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>lexia
<Content>G茅nial, branch茅 chic et ambiance hype au rooftop pool du 17猫me !   showReview(23342343, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BobTorture
<Content>Traumhaft       Ausblick  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meikel007
<Content>Leider nur Durchschnitt! Preis-Leistung ist nicht okay!   showReview(22055831, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>jrouach
<Content>Passable   showReview(20859351, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>gorrini
<Content>avis partag茅   showReview(19571628, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>complexe branch茅 d茅co chambre excellente style suisse art d茅co   showReview(19643108, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>muma75
<Content>hotel en travaux   showReview(18963952, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>N'y aller qu'脿 partir de fin d'ann茅e 2008 !   showReview(18536835, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

