<Author>traveller500033
<Content>Loved the Renaissance       Room 415  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pinkpeche
<Content>Great Location I used points to stay here and was only charged a minimal upgrade fee per night. The rooms are on the small side like every other place in Europe... but we were upgraded to a decent size room in order to fit a rollaway bed (for my boyfriend's daughter). The hotel staff is quite friendly and English skills were impressive. Paris has come a long way accomodating English speaking patrons. I'm not sure if this is for everyone, but we received complimentary breakfast every morning in the dining area which ends at 10:30 am. The food was plentiful with a lot of options. The hotel is conveniently located near the Louvre and Musee d'Orsay and near three different subway stops. I find Paris's subway system very easy to navigate... so definitely take advantage of the subway system.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>catherinemunro
<Content>Lovely staff, great location, weird picture in lift My husband and I stayed here for one night to see the Rodrigo and Gabriela concert at Bataclan. He is a regular Marriott traveller and raves about their beds, sheets and service - and he is right. You could have fitted an entire country into the bed - and it was marvelous. The room was lovely and the staff were without exception very welcoming. The location is great - right next to the Louvre, the Metro and within panting distance of the Arc de Triomphe.Downsides - the room was cold, the Irish pub opposite was lively the bins get emptied at an unGodly hour and the picture in the lift would send children off to psychiatrists. Putting unsealed pictures in the bathroom means that they soak up moisture - not a good idea when your rates are so high. Oh and allowing smokers in the rooms - the smell permeates.........But for me it is the location and the staff that make a place - not the little itty bitty irritations that people can dwell on and it was fab. Concert was brill too!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>BostonRoadWarrior
<Content>Second time just as nice Second stay at this hotel in the past year. I stayed the week of October 20 and was in room 003. As far as I can tell there is no downside to this hotel. The rooms are very nice - and large by European standards. The staff are extremely helpful and professional and all seem to speak perfect English. The location is very convenient while also being just off the main road to reduce traffic noise.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>cmsvt97
<Content>Great Location! My husband and I traveled to Europe in October for our honeymoon. We were traveling for a month in France and Italy and since he is a Marriott Platinum member we tried to stay at as many Marriott's as possible. Paris was our first stop and this hotel definitely set the bar high. They were very accomodating for our early arrival and being that it was our honeymoon they upgraded us to a junior suite and every night had a special amenity for us (including champagne, chocolates and the places to kiss in paris). It is in a great location - -we were able to walk to everything we wanted to see (Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, Arc de Triomph). The staff is very courteous and helpful --they booked our train tickets to Milan and shipped stuff back to the States for us. We received complimentary breakfast with our stay which was average for Europe standards. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone traveling to Paris for this first time since it is centrally located.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>DMMGTM
<Content>Boutique, great service, location great A very enjoyable stay.......................all at your service..........rooms beautiful, crisp, clean, modern...........bathrobes, slippers, complimentary bottle water, chocolate on a stick at bedtime........breakfast buffet..........light, fresh, fruits, cheeses, eggs.............A smaller hotel , more of a boutique off the main roads but location excellent.............easy walking to the Seine, Lourve, Champs D'Elysees...........would stay here again in a heartbeat......  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobBflo
<Content>Nice Size, Great Staff, A plus I have nothing but good things to state about this hotel, my wife and I stayed 4 nights in early Sept. We booked a Prestige Room, which was large by Paris standards, the price at the time was around 350 Euros, did not do any packages. Overall the room was well appointed, had a modern feel, but not over the top. There were large French Doors that opened to overlook a courtyard that was actually the glass ceiling of the reception area, different, but made the room more open.One thing I liked about this hotel was the size related to amenities. It is a relatively small hotel, but had everything you may want onsite, Restaurant, Room Service, Lobby Bar, Concierge, and a great Pool and Gym.We used the Concierge extensively before we arrived and during the stay, I cannot say enough about them, all we spoke to were knowledgeable and helpful. In general, all the staff was very nice.Regarding location, the hotel is very close to the Louve, Tuileries, Place Vendome and Musee D'Orsay. All within a short walk. So if this is a first trip to Paris, I cannot think of a much better location.All in all, a great place, I would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>margo1116
<Content>Great Location--Beware Small Rooms My husband and I recently spent four days in Paris and chose to stay on the Right Bank. We loved the location of the Renaissance Vendome -- an easy walk to the Left Bank and lots of great restaurants and museums within walking distance or easy Metro ride. We originally opted for the most economical room but realized after one night that the cramped quarters just didn't work for us. We found another hotel nearby that was less expensive and had larger rooms. We called management to advise them of our upcoming departure and explained the reason for our departure. We were immediately upgraded to the next size room which worked perfectly for us. We've learned to speak up and be polite complainers. Breakfasts were included in our American Express package. They were certainly adequate, but definitely not worth the price in Euros. Lots of nearby cafes and restaurants would have worked just as well. The staff was accommodating and pleasant and we would not hesitate to stay there again; it didn't have a real Parisian feel to it --very contemporary rooms, etc. but everything worked -- great shower and modern bathtub, nice plasma TV and Bulgari amenities. Our Amex package also included free wireless. Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SeasonedTrvlr
<Content>Almost all Americans and touristy location, but nice rooms and pool. 1) About 80% of the people there at least were Americans, most in their 50's. In my opinion that's an ambiance-reducer when you're in Paris, but may not be a big deal to you.2) Breakfast is 29Euros per person, find a rate with breakfast included or be prepared to walk somewhere else. Free wifi in the lobby.3) Nice relaxing pool, not a lap pool, but good for big kids. Nice lounges next to the pool.4) Workout room is pretty small but has a good amount of TVs.5) Location is near pricey boutiques and the touristy Rue de Rivoli. Also nicely close to the Louvre (5 min walk) and the Tuilleries which I love. So a push in this regard in my opinion.6) Room was small but nice, great comfortable bed, fantastic bathroom with separate shower and tub (I had a Superior room, 1 level above the base Deluxe room). Frankly I can't imagine how small a Deluxe room would be so I'd at least spring for the Superior.7) Room had a DVD player, so bring your movies if you like (no PPV). About 6 English TV stations including CNBC, CNN, BBC12, Eurosport, and France 24 of course.8) Lobby has a very nice, intimate wood-buring fireplace.9) Takes them about 10-15 minutes to get you a taxi.If you like seafood I went to Gaya in the Left Bank (across the street from L'Atelier Joel Rubechon for those who know). Fantastic seafood, but not cheap. If you're a sea-foodie then you should try it.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Viaggiamo
<Content>Comfortable, Great location for Family of 5 We recently stayed at this hotel w/our 3 sons ages 14, 11  7. We had connecting rooms which was very convenient. The rooms large, as many people have commented on this site, but I didn't find them to be much smaller than any other big city hotel, esp. for Europe, similar to what you might expect in NYC.The rooms were nicely done. The beds were excellent, which is always so easy to find in France. The bathrooms are good. The hotel itself is a very nice renovated building - nice French doors  windows. It is however beginning to show the first signs of some wear - mainly the carpet  the bathrooms did have some mildew that should probably be taken care of.It is a courtyard building with the lobby in the center under a skylight. My kids enjoyed using the pool - which really is more of an adult spa kind of setting. The location could not be beat. It's on a quiet side street located very close to the Place Vendome. It is a couple minute walk to the Jardin Tuliere  maybe 5 minutes or so to the Louvre. You can also walk to the shopping area around the department store Printemps. We walked to the Eiffel Tower - about a 20-30 minute walk - but pleasant. You can easily walk to the Batobus (water taxi) stop at Musee d'Orsay  get around that way up  down the Seine.The hotel staff all speaks excellent English. The concierge recommended a brasserie called Cafe Flottes (sp?) which is about a 5 min walk or so. We ate lunch there twice  dinner once. The food is very good  w/in reason. We were able to book our rooms using Marriott points. Not sure what prices are like for similar hotels in the same location.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>regggit
<Content>Honeymoon escape My husband and I stayed here using our marriott rewards. It was a quiant hotel. The hotel staff was helpful when checking in. After mentioning in passing that it was our honeymoon, we were greeted by a bottle of champagne, a book of the best places to kiss in Paris and a box of choclates when we returned from sightseeing. Although turn down service did not occur every evening, our room was cleaned daily and fresh amenities were left out. Our room was small, but was extremely quiet. We overlooked the courtyard. While the view wasn't spectacular, we did like the darkening shades. Overall, it was close to walk to most of the major attractions and had many restuarants and cafes to choose from close by. I would reccommend this to anyone travelling to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TKJA
<Content>Excellent Hotel Took my six year old daughter to the hotel for her first visit to Paris. First rate hotel...great location for all the tourist sites and friendly and competent staff. I have been to Paris on countless occasions over the last few years but I wanted this trip to be special given it was my daughter's first trip. I spend around 300 days per annum in hotels worldwide and can be a bit fussy but I have no complaints re the Renassaince Vendome. The room was modern, clean and spacious and the staff did all they could to make sure my little girl had a great time.Special commendation to Monica on the front desk who not only provided coloured pens and a colouring book on arrival but had chocolate lollipops delivered to the room :-)  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>trvlbker
<Content>Great Oasis in the big city My son and I stayed here July 13 for 5 nights. I loved the hotel. It is contemporary, hip and comfortable. Off the beaten track of pedestrian and vehicular traffic yet easily accessible to all the popular spots. Our room was quiet, clean and comfortable. I found the hotel to be a nice oasis from the bustle of Paris. The room was a bit small, but we didn't need anymore room for just the two of us. We hardly were in the room. The hotel staff, I found to be very friendly and accommodating. The internet is expensive, but c'est la vie in France. There is an internet cafe not too far from the hotel if you really need to use the internet for a period of time.Great location to fantastic shopping and restaurants galore, not to mention just a stones throw from the Louvre and Tuilleries. Plus, two of my favorite chocolatiers are right around the corner. Jean Paul Haven and Michel Cuizel. In fact, at turn down the hotel puts a chocolate sucker on your pillow. We didn't get it every night and most nights they only left one, but WOW the chocoate is to die for. I knew I should have asked for more!Would stay here again and I do recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mentaltraveller
<Content>Banal and Tiring This was not my beautiful, contemporary renovated, luxurious romantic Parisian Hotel as claimed by the website. The entrance is beside gas stations and parking lots, not interesting! No leafy green cafe culture out the door. Inside the lobby, there's a pitcher of water/juice, big deal--there's no lounge. And some gleaming vases and twigs. This hardly rates the prices for chic. Everything is extremely small, even for Parisian standards: the lobby, the restaurant (strong stench of vomit towards the back), the room! the bath! (mildew and tiny). The valets looked in the other direction with their hands behind their backs each time we struggled in the doors with parcels and luggage.The front desk staff was extremely out of touch, unhelpful and seemed never to have checked anyone into a hotel before. Everything about guests was a burden to them.The first room we got was a terrible disappointment, cramped and uncomfortable, bizarrely and badly laid out. Plus it had some other guests items in it (Mail and special requests). We wanted to upgrade but the better and hopefully comfortable room wouldn't be available until the next day. We were told it would be ready at 2pm, and so we came back from our sightseeing to do that. It wasn't ready, and we were told at 3 and we would get a call. It still wasn't ready, and when I went down to the front desk at 4, I overheard the assistant manager had assigned it to someone else (better tipper? just say so!) and so we could only move to another disappointing room, all that was available so they claimed. Already exhausted and tired and just want to rest or move smoothly to a decent room that was promised when it was promised. This took an afternoon out of the holiday.Mildew on the bathroom walls and leaks in the bathroom. Bulgari products or not.The breakfast wait staff was terrible, no help with the cold coffee or introduction to their system or menu. The buffet eggs were cold, and when informed the wait staff simply stirred them up.The pool and spa area was a health hazard: there is a small sort of narrow canal of water that you are encouraged by the attendant to leap over (or you get your shoes wet)--an obvious way to twist an ankle. Breakfast chef was friendly though. He immediately made fresh eggs for us. The only proactive, involved person there.Turn down service/chocolates luxury didn't happen. Only one robe/slippers for two people.High prices for the internet. Just a complete waste of time, utterly fatiguant.Have now purchased a copy of Sawday's book Paris Hotels.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>tsjakka
<Content>Great location, but small rooms, even the suites Beautiful hotel at excellent location near the louvre and Tuillerien (metro, exit Tuillerien) We stayed in suite 603 with our daughter of 13. She slept on the couch. Rooms are beautiful decorated, clean and well equiped. Room 603 has two tiny tiny bathrooms, 2 washbins, a toilet, small bath, shower. There was not enough pressure on the shower... The airco was working very well, freezing cold! The suite has two sony flatscreens with a sony stick port, handy! Breakfast is not cheap (29 euros pp!!) but very very good. There is also a nice small swimmingpool and a well equipped gym and sauna/steamingroom. Staff was very helpfull and polite.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ColonialKay
<Content>The Renaissance Paris Vendome put the "happy" in our birthdays! We recently returned from a three-night stay at the Renaissance Vendome, and we hope to return some day. After we completed business elsewhere in Europe, we went to Paris to make our 60th birthdays more palatable! The ambiance is serenely upscale, the employees are extremely helpful and polite, and the location cannot be beat. It is pricey, but luckily, we used Marriott points for free nights and spent less than $300 to upgrade to a king-size room which included breakfast. There were a couple, minor negatives. The bed was a little large for the width of the room, so we had to be careful not to stub our toes going into the bathroom. Also, we had to learn to shut the shower door without pinching our fingers. Saying that, the huge vases of orchids, the bowls of candy and fruit, and the pitchers of citrus-infused water in the lobby were welcoming sights. Our room was very comfortable and stylish with luxury fabrics, a flat screen TV, and a back-friendly mattress. A box of luscious chocolate-covered nuts, a free bottle of good water, and a vase with real flowers greeted us when we checked into the room; chocolate lollipops nestled on our pillows at night. The bathroom was large with a warming rack, a shower, and a tub, plus there was ample closet and storage space. The view was of a small, interior courtyard, which was just fine, because the room was very quiet. We did not have to contend with traffic noise.The restaurant was very good; in fact, Frommer recommends La Pinxo in his guidebook. It is the moderate-priced restaurant of a two-star Michlelin-rated chef. We celebrated our birthdays there one night, enjoying a bottle of champagne and entrees of tuna and lamb, both excellent. Breakfast was a buffet with a hot dish station, a cereal station, a cheese, salmon, and meats station, and a bread and pastry station. We did order poached eggs one day and surprisingly found them to be tough, but we didn't mind because we had so many other good choices to eat instead. The next day, we noticed another couple commenting on the tough poached eggs! The scrambled eggs, part of the hot dish station, were excellent in comparison.The wait staff, the front desk help, and the concierges were all top rate, so friendly and helpful. At the hotel, we were able to buy museum passes and our tickets for a night time Seine tour--both time savers. The hotel also recommended Au Pied De Cochan, which filled my desire to eat at an old, traditional French restaurant. It has been around since 1946 and touts that it is the creator of the original recipe for French onion soup. The soup was yummy--the best French onion soup we ever ate! As I stated above, the location is convenient to most of Paris's major attractions. We walked almost everywhere we went, so we could soak up the city's ambience. We saved a lot of money by not having to take taxis and trains in most cases.Even though there were a couple things that were not perfect, I am still giving the hotel a perfect rating. I have never been in a hotel yet that didn't have at least a couple minor glitches. Overall, this was a great hotel which did, indeed, help make our birthdays happy ones!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moonbaby9
<Content>Best BirthdayTreat in Paris This was a birthday treat to stay in this lovely hotel in Paris for two nights.....Hotel is so tiny and quaint however, friendly, clean, quiet, and in the best location in Paris as so close to everything. Loved everything but the price, but what can you say.....you are after all in the heart of Paris. The bed, spa and pool are also worth mentioning as they were all fantastic. I also have to commend the staff as they let us check in early and after an all night flight this was a big bonus and we were also upgraded to an inside quiet room. It was a wonderful place to celebrate my 60th birthday and I will never forget it. Will stay here again when in Paris. One mention I MUST make for a dinner out in the evening is a restaurant t which was noted as a Fodor's choice. The best part is that it is a 5 minute walk down the same street the hotel is on. We had the absolute most magnificent dinner which did not require us to mortgage the house. (ha) It is called L'Ardoise at 28 rue du Mont Thabor and it is worth staying at this hotel just to have dinner here....The best lobster stuffed ravioli, veal and creme brule I have EVER had....We will definitely go back here again. All in all, just a wonderful celebration which made turning 60 worthwhile......  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mattrLondon
<Content>Nice small hotel We stayed at this hotel for one night in late June 2008. We stayed in a deluxe room which was pretty typical for Paris - really expensive (450 euros per night) and less than half the size of a similar priced room in any other city in the world. But this is to be expected in Paris. The room (notwithstanding the size) was nice - well appointed and clean, although I was a little disappointed as we had requested a non-smoking room and it definitely smelled of smoke. Our room had a small balcony overlooking the street which was very pretty. The staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast in the hotel was very good. The hotel is very centrally located, 2 minutes from the Lourve and within an easy walk of most of the things that people like to do when in Paris. By way of comparison I have stayed at the Hilton Arc de Triomphe before (about the same price) and this hotel is better if you are a tourist while the Hilton is better if you are travelling for business. Overall I thought that this was a good hotel and I would go back or recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lv2trvl54
<Content>Beware of your belongings I chose to stay at the Renaissance based on the reviews I had read on this site, but I really regret my decision. First, the room was very small, and, although I had used Marriott points, I still had to pay an extra 70 euros/night for an upgrade(?). Next, although it was very clear that there were 2 of us staying in the room, housekeeping continually left only 1 chocolate  when asked for another, said they didn't have any more. I realize the chocolate thing is not that big of a deal, but it was a disappointment. Also, one reviewer had raved about the shower, which I thought was awful. It was a small square stall that smelled of mold/mildew, and the water pressure  temperature both varied throughout a shower. The worst thing, though, was when we were packing to leave, my daughter realized her stuffed dog was missing! She is 18 now, but has had that dog since she was about 3  has taken him on every trip we have ever taken. The front desk assured us that it must have been taken with the sheets, they would contact the laundry service, and we would of course get the dog back. Since returning home, we are now told by phone that chances are very bad that he'll be returned. Ironically, part of the reason I chose this hotel vs. the Marriott Champs Elysses was that, 4 years ago, when we stayed at the Marriott, my sunglasses were taken. I will admit that the hotel is in a good (but quiet)location and the staff (other than at least one housekeeper) is pleasant, but watch out for extra charges and keep all of your belongings locked up!!!!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BiscottiCalifornia
<Content>Good Business Hotel... Average for Vacationers After much research I booked this hotel for a multi-night stay several weeks ago. It's a beautiful hotel in many respects but as with most Paris hotels the rooms are small and the prices are stratospheric... in our case even in an upgraded prestige room we felt a little claustrophobic at over $600 US a night.What's great... recently renovated, fast internet access, clean rooms, comfortable bed, stylish interiors, nice bathrooms... had both tub and shower in our prestige room, great english speaking staff, and location (in some respects... more on that in the next section.)What's not so great... hotel ambiance is a bit on the quiet side which is great if you're traveling on business and are just looking for a place to crash but not a good if you're looking to have a drink in the lobby bar and soak up the atmosphere of Paris. The rooms are small... very small. The prices in June were pretty crazy for what you received. The location IS within walking distance of the Louvre, the D'Orsay (a bit longer) and the subway, but the biggest downside of all is that hotel itself is on a bit of a back street with service entrances for other hotels facing Tuileries Gardens and Rue de Rivoli generally occupying one side of the street. For the price I pictured walking out of the hotel onto a tree lined street with cafes, just know that's not what you'll find. Last thing is that we found the area to be devoid of good restaurants (could have missed them obviously)... it's pretty much tourist fare in sidewalk cafes.For the price, ambiance (pretty generic to any hotel in the world) and location I would not stay here again on a pleasure trip... it just doesn't feel enough like Paris. On business I would think about it.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shardlake
<Content>Anniversary in Pairs Stayed here for our wedding anniversary. Decided to go for 2 nights in a top hotel as opposed to 3 nights in a medium hotel. Very glad we did although have to say that the hotel only got an above average rating as opposed to an Excellent rating as it is expensive for what it is. But thats probably more to do with Paris than the hotel itselfRoom was very modern but compact and bijou (as the advert used to say). Very comfortable bed and quiet - we had a room facing the courtyard and were glad to be off the street. One of the best things about the hotel is its location - less than a minute to the Jardin Des Tuileries.A really nice touch was that I had mentioned on booking that it was our wedding anniversary and 5 minutes after we had checked a complementary bottle of champagne arrived.Great turn down service with chocolates and a little book was most welcome although a little early at 7pm. However the choccys were great!We didnt have breakfast in the hotel as it seemed very expensive - we went round the corner to Le Pain Quotidien in the Place St Honore - a great little find.Loved the Bulgari toiletries and a great shower - bath was only a 3/4 bath.All in all a superbly located comfortable, clean top modern hotel. We'd go back like a shot.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DennyBoy
<Content>Almost a 5 Star This is a really nice hotel in a great location. The room was small and modern, but incredibly well designed and very attractive. The bathroom had what was by far the best shower I have ever encountered in a Paris hotel in over 30 visits. The staff was universally welcoming and competent. There are many nice touches like bowls of candy at reception and pitchers of cold water in the lobby. They are clearly trying hard to do a good job. I would rate it 5 star except for two things which are becoming pet peeves of mine: exorbitant wifi charges and exorbitant minibar prices. A 500 ml bottle of Fiji water will set you back $12.63 plus tax. This is about 14 times the RETAIL price in the US which is simply a rip-off. You should not have to pay so much or perhaps anything for a decent glass of water in your room. The same goes for wifi at about $24.00 a day which is close to my MONTHLY bill at home in the US. It should be part of the room cost. it is a utility like running water and electricity. Fortunately, Many hotels are starting to provide wifi and drinking water at no extra charge. Curiously, this policy is still far more common at the low end than in luxury hotels which seem to nickel and dime you far more. I hope that the Renaissance Paris Vendome sees the light and joins this trend. When it does, it will be a five star hotel in my book.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>pignacious
<Content>Renaissance Vendome - fantastic hotel We stayed 6 nights at this hotel  it was fantastic. The first 2 nights we stayed in the deluxe room. This is a very small room so be prepared for it. We had 2 medium sized  one small piece of luggage. There was hardly any room to store them. We also were on the 2nd floor and found it fairly noisy late at night for about an hour or so because of the bar across the street. I guess they drag out the garbage bins  stuff at closing.We were able to switch rooms for the next 4 nights, still on the 2nd floor but room overlooked the courtyard of hotel. Very quiet. This room was a Prestige room  it was spectacular. Very large, bathroom has separate WC, tub  shower with ample storage space. Loved this room. Both rooms had very comfortable beds.Breakfast was included with our stay and it was really nice but I would not pay the 29 Euros or so that they charge for it.The location is fantastic. Only a couple of minutes walk to subway stop. Subway is very easy to use  2 euro for each ride or less if you buy a carnat of 10 tickets. There are a number of reasonably priced restaurants on Place du Marche Saint-Honore which is only a couple of short blocks from the hotel. There is also a laundromat on this street. We even did laundry while we ate one night at one of the sidewalk cafes.The staff are very professional, friendly  extremely helpful. One of the best trained staff we have experienced in our travels. They really try to make your stay the best it can be and then some. The concierge will purchase the museum pass as well as other things (Laduree macaroons being one) before your stay for a minimal charge.The Renaissance Vendome is a very good hotel in a great location. We would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jimblack
<Content>All I could have asked for..................... Just completed our 15th anniversary trip from Anchorage to Paris and Rome.In Paris after much research and advise from a friend, we booked the Renaissance Vendome. I was prepared for the small rooms and the lack of personal touch that Europe usally offers, however, I was and still am very much amazed at this property. About 2 weeks out, I emailed the Concierge and informed him we were coming to Paris for our 15th and asked for a possible king room. I booked the least expensive room and just hoped for the best. The concierge emailed me back several times and I was continued to be amazed.Upon checkin we were upgraded to a suite and given complementary breakfast each morning, which is a 40.00 per person bonus.The room was spectacular, even for US standards. I was expecting a small room and bed, however, was completely amazed at the size and quality of this room.Everything about this hotel was first class. I am a platinum traveler and am on the road a lot and usually am very picky. This place made our stay in Paris a GREAT expierance.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oliveerpent
<Content>A very good location A very good location and a lovely room with a king bed.Despite the situation in the heart of Paris, the hotel is very quiet (small street behind la rue de Rivoli)No problem to park your car, there is a valet parking and champagne was in my room for my wedding birthdayVery good breakfast and certainly a place to come backOlivier VillersBelgium  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>NoLaDawlin
<Content>Fantastic for the solo traveler! I spent 7 nights at the Renaissance Paris Vendome in April 2008. I booked the hotel with points - and all of my future point earnings will be saved for another stay at this hotel!The front desk allowed me to check in early and was very accomodating. The staff all addressed me by name by the end of my stay.The concierge desk took very good care of me. They provided great recommendations (and reservations) for dining in any neigborhood I was visiting. The desk provided maps, directions and instructions on just about anything I wished to do in Paris.The queen room was perfect for one. It might be a bit tight for two - just make sure you really like your fellow traveler! Of course the ammenities provided (fancy soaps and chocolates) were very nice.The staff and location are what really makes this hotel wonderful.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>janices7
<Content>An absolute gem in a fantastic location! We spent 6 memorable days in Paris and stayed at this hotel during our visit. First of all, the location is perfect. It鈥檚 centrally located to all the major attractions, and getting around was easy. It鈥檚 a 10 minute walk to the Louvre, 15 minutes to the Musee D鈥橭rsay, 10 minutes to Place de la Concorde, 5 minutes to Place Vendome, and 5 minutes to the tour bus pickup.Being a city hotel, the rooms are pretty small and the view is unremarkable (ours was an inner courtyard). We paid 60 Euro to upgrade to a 28 square meter prestige room, and our rate included breakfast each morning (we highly recommend the upgrade). The 鈥減restige鈥?room was very comfortable, modern and clean. It was small in size but I鈥檇 say most would consider it large for a typical city room. They had lots of fresh fruit, cheese, deli meat, yogurt, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, breads and pastries. The regular rate for the breakfast buffet alone was 30 euro.In addition to the location, what really made this hotel stand out was the service. Every person we met there was friendly and helpful, especially the concierge. This being our first time in Paris, we had a lot of questions, which the concierge answered willingly. We talked to 3 different concierges during the course of our stay, and every one of them was very helpful and gave us some excellent advice. I鈥檇 step out on a limb and say it was the best concierge service we鈥檝e ever had and we鈥檝e stayed at a lot of hotels over the years.We鈥檇 stay here again in a heartbeat and we can鈥檛 wait to visit Paris again!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>riabla
<Content>Wonderful staff...and great location We stayed at the Vendome May 5 through 9. The location and staff could not be beat. We walked everywhere...and after a long day of sightseeing it was great to be able to come home to the hotel. The concierge staff, especially David, were very helpful in securing hard-to-get reservations and suggesting unforgettable bistros, brasseries, cafes. The front desk staff were all very helpful and indulged my attempts at speaking French.The room was a good size, we didn't find it small, it was just right. We didn't really spend much time in the room since Paris was just out the door. We love the JP Hevin chocolate lollipops put on our beds during turndown service. My parents were staying at another hotel, and we were so impressed with the Vendome that we moved them to our hotel so they could enjoy the amenities, take advantage of knowledgeable and courteous staff, and of course the great location. Also - the pool was a great treat at the end of a long day. My husband and I would stay here again, for sure!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jakesmum
<Content>Great hotel, loved it! We chose this hotel based on reviews on this site and we were not disappointed, this is a great hotel. The hotel is on Rue du Mont Thabor a little side street parallel (one down) with Rue Saint Honore which has some lovely designer shops and also useful shops like a chemist, an off licence ,etc. If you are looking for jewellery go to Place Vendome, off Rue Saint Honore. As others have said the location is excellent, about 5 minutes walk from the Louvre. After much consideration we decided to take a taxi from the airport rather than brave public transport with large suitcases. It was definitely the stress free way to travel, although obviously more expensive at around 40 - 50 euros for the trip.We were given a lovely room on the 5th floor facing the front of the hotel with a small balcony. It was heaven sitting out on the balcony sipping french wine in the sunshine after a long day walking round Paris. We had superb weather the entire time which helped!The room was not particularly large and neither was the bathroom but both were clean, well laid out and well decorated and had everything you needed, eg safe, mini bar, desk and chair, internet connection, easy chair, etc. Comfy big bed with comfy pillows. My only issue would be with the shower which was a mixer taps over the bath type one. The temperature and water pressure were variable, presumably depending on who else was using their shower at the same time! The air con was great so at night the room was cool, dark and also quiet - perfect!Dont eat breakfast in the hotel unless its part of your package. If its not it costs 58 euros for two and although its a good spread its just not worth that much. Go to Rue Rivoli where there are loads of cafes (out of the hotel, turn left then first right and its the first street you come to, with the Jardin des Tuileries opposite). We liked The Carrousel which is on Rue Rivoli almost opposite Les Arts Decoratif. We didnt eat dinner in the hotel so cant comment on that. We went to the restaurant Les Flottes the first night (the concierges are really helpful re restaurants) and had a great steak. Not cheap but then this is Paris! In fact our only real gripe about the whole holiday would be the price of food and drink - I didnt think it could be that bad compared to Edinburgh or London, but I was wrong! Although we speak some french, all the staff we met spoke excellent english and were really helpful.All in all we had a fantastic time in this hotel and will definitely be going back.I will be detailing hints and tips on the Paris Forum so if you are going soon, check it out.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelgirlfromlondon
<Content>Boutique hotel, not great experience This review is long overdue and almost have forgotten to write it. The hotel is greatly located, with trendy reception and modern rooms. We were given a room on the top floor overlooking the courtyard, so at least had some sun as the lower floors did not have any. Although the price was quite high the room was small (less than 1 meter from the bed to the wall) and was wondering why we were given this room as the hotel seemed to be emply. Overflowing shower, small bathroom, you get the picture. If the hotel wasn't so modern, would have gotten a worse review. Staff was nice and polite and there are lots of amenities nearby.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>pmr33
<Content>Loved this hotel This review is long overdue. I took my wife to Paris for her 40th birthday. This hotel was just perfect. It is in a great location in Paris. The rooms were decent size and very clean. The front desk was very helpful and always gave us directions and recommendations on what to see, etc. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who will be visiting Paris.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>HappyWanderersLondon
<Content>Great little hotel We had originally booked the Westin for our trip as we were attending a family wedding that was taking place there. After reading the terrible reports on this site for the Westin we decided to look for another hotel in the immediate vicinity. We found the Renaissance was just round the corner. Boy were we lucky to had changed hotels. The Renaissance is like a breath of fresh air. It is a lovely little hotel living up to all the positive reports that have been posted about it previously on Trip Advisor. The staff could not do enough for you, and the room had everything that you would expect, clean, modern and with every mod-con. We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and would definitely return  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Local-Beer
<Content>Paris - A place to be in the center of things This was a very interesting hotel, as it resides on a small side street just around the corner from The Hotel Ritz and the Tulleries. The front desk personnel were fabulous, knowledgable of the area and exstemely professional. From here a must to visit - a short walk to The New York Harry's Bar whare for bourbon drinkers, they have Knob Creek Bourbon and good hot dogs. For a higher time there is the Hemingway Bar at the Ritz, be sure to get Collin the make you a special drink and empress the ladies. He is one of the top ten mixologists and his mixes will astound you. Besides that you will meet both tourists and locals. They will make your evening interesting at the least. At the holel ask about the little bistros down the street for breakfast and dinner, they are more that happy to introduce you to the neighborhood. That what makes this special along with the Irish Pud just across the street - food and drink is great. The turn down service was perfect, the room had a great bath with lots of HOT water, plenty of towels, a robe and slippers. The best of all worlds was that this property actually takes care of anything you might leave in the room at checkout. I happened to leave my drivers license in the safe when I left. When I arrived in Brussels I realised this and had my hotel call for me. The hotel had the item and forwarded it to me at my next stop in Amsterdam, it was there when I arrived. WHAT A RELIEF!!!!!!!! That makes this my number ONE hotel in Paris from now on, as well as there being this Iris Pub across the street run by Chicagoians. Stay and enjoy.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NCdoc1
<Content>Intimate, elegant Have been to Paris twice before, this was the best hotel / best visit...Location initially slightly daunting, a small one-way street one block north of the Jardins du Tuileries, looked deserted the first day, felt cozy by the end of the week . Between rue de Rivoli and Rue St. Honore, 2 blocks from the Metro, about 4 from the Louvre and Place Concorde. Many fine shops, cafes, brasseries nearby.ALL staff (desk, housekeeping, bellmen) friendly, efficient, accomodating, with most needs anticipated, any others addressed as soon as possible. Concierges knowledgeable and very helpful.Room typically small, as is usual in Paris, but with tall windows, so plenty of natural light, as well as much better average room lighting, in number, location, and brightness of lighting (including moveable halogen lights mounted on the headboard for reading).Restaurant prices high, but so many nearby choices, not a problem.Highly recommend, will stay here again!!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>shannpann
<Content>There is a reason it is ranked so high!       Outside the hotel  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jdr1000
<Content>Great 'Stayed at this hotel because of location and service combination. Rooms are well kept, clean, modern, and comfortable. Location is perfect, close to food, culture, transportation and services. Staff is always helpfull and try their best to satisfy any request, from sending me to an English speaking pharmacy to translating in paper food requests. My only complaint is the showers, as with many european hotels, apparently installing full shower curtains or doors is not their thing. Bathroom will get wet, no matter how carefull you are. Will stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>SJR2
<Content>Elegant but not pretentious       cakes!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SBRussell
<Content>Loved this hotel       Beautiful modern lobby  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kq501
<Content>Very average, possibly overpriced. Did a lot of reading on TA to find perfect hotel, but think I might have got better value for money elsewhere I'm afraid. The hotel is very modern and trendy and the service very friendly, but sadly the room size and a few other drawbacks, meant that I couldn't give a better review.We were given an upgrade on arrival, but I'll be honest, unless the upgrade meant we got a mini bar... I really can't believe it was a proper upgrade. The room was very small and compact, and if we were rightly upgraded to a suite then I'd hate to have spent even more money (which I nearly did prebooking) on such a small suite.I have been to Paris before and I am aware that rooms are small most places, but fo rthe money I spent I'd have expected better. We were unfortunately right across a small street from an Irish bar.... which at the weekend allows it patrons to drink outside while smoking.... EXTREMELY LOUD... to the point you can't possibly ignore it. Adults with suits acting like kids... both fri and sat nights.We also ordered room service. My partner tried to order just a plain baguette with cheese, which they said they couldn't do as it's not on the menu!!! The food was very poor too for the money. A club sandwhich, drenched in dressing that it turned to mush. Chips were cold and merely batter. We just popped it back outside hardly touched... but were still charged full price obviously.I'm really sorry I can't give it a better review. The location was excellent, but to be honest you could stay anywhere in Paris cos the metro is that good. I feel bad as the staff were lovely. Sadly, I'm not the type to exaggerate in a review. I wouldn't tell people not to book, but look around first.Sorry Marriot.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	2	4	

<Author>TravelingRaider
<Content>Great location. Amazing service. Close to everything you could want to see. Amazing property. Highly recomended.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelminx
<Content>Amazing Honeymoon We stayed here for part of our honeymoon and were very pleased. The hotel is absolutely beautiful and full of small things that really make a huge difference. We ate breakfast there on several occasions (good) and had cocktails most evenings in the little bar (excellent!). The location is great and the bathroom toiletries are also of good quality.We have to thank the hotel for the gestures which made our honeymoon stay with them exceptional. We very much enjoyed our stay there and can highly recommend this Marriott property.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thedogwalker
<Content>nice upmarket stylish hotel Really nice hotel in the jewelery area of paris, service is very good, rooms are cool, location is pretty quiet but thats fine.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bubbasrb
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I stayed at this hotel in November 2007. We decided to stay here because we could stay using Marriott Reward points. Our reservation was for a Prestige Room and we were going to pay an extra 60 Euros a night for our seven day stay.Check in was a little slow. We arrived at about 10:30 am hoping to get into our room but we were told it would only be a short wait. We hung around, then decided to go for lunch and a walk around the area. I think we were finally taken to our room at 2pm. Everyone was really nice about it and we were happy with our room.The rooms are small. Even the prestige room is smaller than an average US hotel room, so be prepared.The hotel was really beautiful, but smaller overall than I expected. There is a great indoor pool near the spa that my husband and I took advantage of one evening. Nice way to relax after a day of walking the city. There is also a steam room and sauna available.The hotel location could not be beat. We talked about cancelling our trip due to the transportation strike, but decided to go because we had such a great location. The strike lasted our entire visit, but we walked everywhere.This location is very close to the Louvre and one block off the Jardin de Tuilleries.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>SeatravelerWa.
<Content>Pure Paris Pleasure Jan 14, 2008 Just returned from Paris and two nights at the Vendome.This is a friendly, charmimg small hotel that we all enjoyed very much.IWe had two rooms, one on a reward, larger room quaranted with a 60 euro fee per day, and one standard room. We wound up in two interconnecting rooms, one with a cal king, one with a standard king, connection was behind a joint hall door. lots of priviacy.Rooms were beautiful, large sized, but one had a smaller bathroom but still very nice. We had a total of three balconies with a pleasant view of the stylish Paris nighborhood, and if we leaned out we could see the Orsay.Breakfast was comped, with my gold Marriott status and very nice. Every staff member we came into contact with was friendly and helpful and all spoke English pretty well. They even arranged for us a larger cab, for the 4 of us and our luggage when we departed tp the airport.The only complaint I had was the euro half shower door, just can't help getting the bathroom soaked. Bath ammenites was wonderful.I will be back soon, I can't wait  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lawz333
<Content>Fantastic hotel + location Love this hotel. Cannot really fault this hotel in any major way.GREAT (with emphasis) location. 2 min to the metro and 5 min to the Louvre gardens. A bit hard to find the hotel for taxis and drivers given that it is located in one of the backstreets - but don't let that deter you. The rooms are not massive. However, as you can see in the photos posted on here - it's very modern and comfortable. If you are not into the old classicial french style and prefer to modern touch, then this is the place to be.Great bathroom with separate shower and tub, and bulgari toilettries add an extra touch.Extra chocolate is provided with the turndown service - YUM.There are two lifts in the hotel - can only fit around 5 or 6 ppl at a time, but shouldn't be an issue.I recalled from other reviews that there maybe some issues with the rooms located at the higher floors (with the height of the ceilings). However, as I stayed in level 1 (facing the courtyard), there were no issues. Have recommended this hotel to my friends for their honeymoon and they loved it as well. It is definitely more reasonably priced compared to others in the same area (eg. Westin, Park Hyatt) and provides the same benefits in terms of convenience.Oh, if you have a chance, visit Angelina for brekkie or afternnoon tea. They are the best for hot chocolates and its also 2 min from the hotel on the main road!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>imwmn913
<Content>Great stay, great location! We stayed at the Renaissance Vendome the second week of November 2007. We chose it primarily because it is in the family of Marriott Hotels - and we were using points. The hotel is very modern in decor -so if you are looking for quaint...this is not the place. The staff were great and the Concierge (especially Xavier) gave us great restaurant recommendations and sightseeing advice.The location is wonderful...just a block from great shopping, restaurants, bistros...... everything within a few minutes walking time. Perhaps 10 minutes or so to the Louvre and the Gardens.We will definitely stay here on a return trip.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NVRam123
<Content>Charming Retreat in Paris The Renaissance Vendome is a stylish retreat in the center of Paris. It is easily within walking distance of the Louvre and it's very possible to walk to the Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame and the Arc du Triumphe from the hotel (we know since there was a transport strike going on during our stay!). We booked a corner suite which was very comfortable, if a bit small. The bed was wonderful. The view was nonexistent (building next door) but the service was impeccable. They brought the most delicious box of chocolates to the room to welcome us and there were numerous nice touches by the staff. Their english was impeccable making it much easier to communicate. The lobby is gorgeous as is the restaurant. A kind of lush contemporary look. There are also many bistros within walking distance. For the money, location, service, and style we were very happy with this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JonathanBateman
<Content>Fantastic - one of my favourite hotels! Fantastic hotel......great service and location. The pool is very stylish and functional. Rooms are exteremely comofortable. Suites are fantastic ! Have stayed 4 times now and wouldn't stay anywhere else in Paris. Staff are superb and friendly. I can't fault it.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lesmil
<Content>Splendid room! I used my Marriott Reward Points and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the room and friendly staff. I did pay the 60 Euro per night upgrade--but it was well worth it. The bed, towels, accessories, etc were all excellent. The location and the ability to use points made this hotel a real delight. I would returning here because of the pleasant experience. We did not eat the breakfast since it was 29 Euros so I cannot comment on that.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Nath&Sian
<Content>Great place to stay in the heart of Paris We had a fantastic stay at the Renaissance hotel. It has a superb location in the centre of Paris, close to virtually all of the major sights and close enough to walk to the metro for those distances too far for walking.Breakfast was very well presented, lots of choice and very fresh.Xavier the concierge was extremely helpful in recommending restaurants and bars, in addition to his extensive knowledge on the shopping haunts of St Germain.2 restaurants we would recommend our L'ardoise (2-3 min walk from the hotel on Rue Mont Thabor) very authentic French bistro, brush up on your French skills before you go there, the steak was fantastic. The 2nd night we went for a Thai restaurant called Thior on Place D'Orsay which was out of this world.Would definitely recommend a stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HVB
<Content>Housekeeping was the only weak link My husband and I stayed for almost a week in November during the transit strike. We were extremely grateful the hotel was in a perfect location as we could not use the metro. The hotel staff was great, arranging a driver (with awesome car) to meet us at the airport to avoid long taxi lines. My husband also arranged with the concierge Xavier for us to have a couples massage upon landing. It was probably the best massage I've had. The steam room was a delightful treat and a great way to end a long day of walking. Xavier recommended several excellent restaurants. We ate at L'Ardoise down the block once. Our favorite meal of the trip was at Le Saut du Loup. We had room 201 and I thought the size was plenty. Yes the shower door is typical European and water gets on the floor. Just don't leave anything that can't get wet on the floor. My only gripe with the hotel was housekeeping did not clean our room one day and we had to call for more toilet paper as it was not replenished. The staff were all very nice and helpful. As with many others, we used Marriott points for the stay and paid the extra supplement.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pgooden
<Content>Peaceful and relaxing       View from bedroom window  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HoustonLawyer
<Content>Mixed Feelings The Good: the rooms are nice, trendy and upscale, but small. The location is close to Place Vendome, and in a quiet side street so noise is limited. Price for the rooms tend to be very good for what you get - in the 300 Euro range. The Bad: no hot water in the shower at 1pm on a Saturday afternoon. Sudden hot and cold water surges in the shower at 5am on a Sunday morning. The Ugly: the hotel accidentally gave away our reserved taxi to another guest during the strike, and so my wife and I missed our trainto London. That said, they acknowledged their mistake, and put us up for free that night so we could take the first train in the morning. Overall, lots of plus points, with a few negatives.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bagsalwayspacked
<Content>A Lovely City Hotel in a Perfect Location! IntroWe decided to spend a relaxing week within walking distance of the Louvre, d鈥橭rsay, the Orangerie and the Rodin museums, and this hotel has the perfect location. We would like to thank the manager, Mr. Perrin, and his fine staff for a memorable stay. The concierges, Olivier, David and Xavier, made our stay even better. Size and quality of the roomsMany reviews have mentioned the size of the rooms; we found them to be typical of other large city hotels. Our first three nights were spent in Room 504 with a small balcony facing Rue Mont Thabor, a quiet street one short block from the Rue di Rivoli and the Tuillierres Gardens. The queen bed was luxurious, and the speedy Internet service was worth 15 E a day to stay in touch with the office. It is a good idea to upgrade to a large room if you can not handle small spaces or if you are accustomed to large spaces and spend a lot of time in the room.Our last four nights were in a larger Room 508, which had a king bed and two double balcony doors facing Rue Alger. My husband had a cold, and it was a great place to spend a good part of the day resting. The selection of TV channels was superb; we enjoyed listening to shows from Dubai and in so many languages. We slipped our iPod into the radio and listened to music each day and read the Wall Street Journal, Herald Tribune and USA Today provided free in the lobby. Many guests have mentioned the fine Bulgari toiletries; we also liked the large, comfortable bath towels and friendly housekeepers who did not knock when we chose to sleep during the day. The room fridges were great for storing jars of yogurt and drinks we purchased at a convenience store about two blocks away on Rue Honore, which was a great place to stroll. Our laptop just fit in the closet safe, where we stored our other valuables when we were out of the room.Hotel facilitiesThe health club/spa downstairs looked wonderful, but we were too tired to use it after so much walking. The After the Rain spa services were inviting but too expensive for our budget at 120E for a one-hour massage. There were free beverages in the lobby and a nice living and reading room for lounging on sofas. The lobby bar was inviting and a good source of glasses of ice for our room. Hotel restaurantEach morning we had breakfast in Pinxo off the lobby; the omelets were tasty, and the selection was wonderful. The fresh sliced kiwi and French yogurt in glass jars were first class. We were spoiled by the fine breakfasts, which were included in our room package. We did not have other meals at the hotel because there are so many highly rated restaurants in the neighborhood.Where to eat nearbyWe relied on the paperback 鈥淕reat Eats in Paris,鈥?and found superb food and service for about 30E per person or less without wine, which usually ran about 15E for a half bottle. Two of our favorites were a block from the hotel, L鈥橝rdoise and Le Souffle. With a large, late breakfast, we found that one other meal a day was more than enough. It was a pleasant way to celebrate our tenth anniversary and my husband鈥檚 first trip to Paris.Museums, museums and more museumsThis location was perfect for walking to museums each day. We did not bother with the Metro or buses, and only took taxis when we had walked too far. We recommend the Teaching Company鈥檚 lecture courses on the Louvre and the Impressionists before you visit Paris. They suggest spending only an hour or two looking at a few works of art in each museum in order to avoid burnout. This was a totally different approach from our previous European trips, and it worked superbly. There is too much to see in a week in Paris, so just select a few places and enjoy a small part of them at a relaxed pace. Other sightsWe enjoyed a day walking to St. Chapelle and Notre Dame and touring the two islands in the Seine. Another day we visited the Arc de Triumphe and walked along the Champs and to the Eiffel Tower. The Peugeot store on the Champs had the latest concept cars and cool tee shirts from the rugby championships the company was sponsoring in Paris this year. The restaurants and shops along Rue Marbeuf are first class. La Fermette de Marbeuf is a jewel not to be missed. Rick Steve鈥檚 鈥淧aris 2008鈥?came in handy for guiding us through the sights. There is so much to see that we could spend at least another year in Paris and not return to any place twice. We had no problem communicating with our meager 100 word French vocabularies.The neighborhoodWelcome to heaven! Besides the unbelievable museums a few minutes away, the Westin, the Ritz, the Meurice and many upscale shops are within a block or two of the Renaissance. W.H. Smith offers English books, and Angelina鈥檚 has the world famous hot chocolate. The Tuilleries Gardens are delightful for people watching. SummaryIf you are looking for a quiet, relaxing vacation in central Paris, this hotel is the best. The room sizes and prices are appropriate for this neighborhood. Marriott has done a fine job decorating and staffing this Renaissance, and we truly enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KJLMexico
<Content>Loved it , Excellent service and rooms !!! The rooms were very very nice (clean and great looking) and the service was incredible. Excellent locations, 2-3 blocks from place concorde and very near from the Champs Elysees !!! Loved it =)  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>campbejuSacramento
<Content>Loved the Renaissance My family and I spent a week at the Renaissance Paris Vendome. The service was exceptional, the staff spoke very good English and the hotel staff remembered a lot of detail about our stay (room #, drinks, etc). You can't beat the location. Safe, near the Tulieries, Louvre, metro and wonderful restaurants. The rooms were small but were clean and very comfortable. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blacklab
<Content>Excellent location BUT ..... I agree with all that has been said by previous guests about the location but unless you ask for a suite (and pay the corresponding price), premium rooms are VERY small. There is only one chair for two people, the bath is really a sitting bath but not high enough for that and the toilet just big enough for small children. Separate shower okay. And all this at a very stiff price! Staff very friendly. Breakfast at an exorbitate price but there are plenty of small places within three minutes walk. Shall certainly not return because the price/performance ratio is poor.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Traveler8910
<Content>Excellent hotel I don't speak any French at all, and I was very worried about having a good experience during my visit to Paris. This hotel was perfect - the staff all spoke excellent English, and were very kind about it. The concierge was first-class; she even helped me hunt down a specific Babar book on a Sunday afternoon. The location is honestly perfect - so close to everything. And the room size was decent for a European hotel - would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PikesvilleTraveler
<Content>renaissance best location although the rooms were somewhat small (not really for europe) this hotel had outstanding service and a fantastic locationthe people at the front desk, including the concierge and even the doormen, were so nice and helpfuli would recommend it to anyone---one block from Tuileries, 2 blocks from Place de la Concorde---couldnt be better---walk to the Louvre---  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Muscae
<Content>Great little hotel, but snooty service Renaissance Vendome is beautifully decorated, with very plush rooms: marble bathroom outfitted with Bulgari Green Tea toiletries; flat-screen TV, high thread count sheets. The location is lovely, too: just off the Place Vendome in the rue St Honore shopping district, and five minutes to metro Tuileries or walking distance to the Louvre if you're wearing flats. It's tucked away on a side street, so it's quiet and feels very intimate.The only downside is that the service doesn't feel very caring. I'm a Platinum member at the Marriott hotels, but received only a free breakfast: no cocktails, no internet access, no welcome drink. At breakfast, we were ignored by the staff until we literally had to peek into the kitchen to seek service. There was a false fire alarm at 10am on Sunday, and the staff didn't even bother to explain what was happening although guests were trooping down to the lobby in their bathrobes.Likewise, the concierge was not at his desk when I inquired about restaurant reservations. The receptionist literally said, It's not my job, before reluctantly helping me to call the restaurant. In the end, the concierge did return and did his job well, securing the booking and dialing my overseas mobile phone to confirm the booking with me; but it felt rather flat by that point.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>myerspaul
<Content>Great Location Stayed with family from Aug1-5 in a suite. While rooms are compact they have all the necessary items. The location is very convenient and the staff is some of the best at any hotel I have stayed in Europe. Concerige was the best. I would repeat.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dmcintosh
<Content>Wonderful hotel. This was a wonderful hotel. We had less than two full days in Paris, so I was really looking for a good hotel. This one was great. I had never been to Paris before, and with such a short amount of time, location was important. This was right up the street from the Louvre and within walking distance of many other sites.  The hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating. The concierge was quite helpful with our restaurant reservations and other questions. The rooms were wonderful!!! I was expecting something smaller, but the size was just fine. We had two rooms, one for my husband and I and the other for our teenage daughters. They put us in an area that had the two rooms accessible by a main door off the corridor. We had separate entrances to both rooms, but shared a common little hallway that was not accessible to the other guests. The bathrooms were large and well appointed - loved the Bulgari products. The bed was incredibly comfortable. Breakfast was included, but we did not get it as we wanted to be out and about. We did get coffee sent up to the room each morning.  We would definately stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cubfanincs
<Content>Great Location I spend 180 nights a year at different Marriott properties, so I had a lot of points to use. I took my family to Paris and I looked at every Marriott property in Paris. This is by far the best combination of atmosphere and location. It is not a large corporate hotel and you could not ask for a better location for seeing Paris by foot. The hotel room was nice. When you spend as many nights as I do in hotels, clean and comfortable is all that matters. One of our rooms was the upgrade to a king. The bathroom is much larger and nicer having both a tub and shower. Because of how many nights I stay, they upgraded me for free, I personally would not have paid the extra, but if atmosphere and a nicer room are important to you, it would be well worth it.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kuty
<Content>Perfect Location Using Marriott Reward Points, my wife and I stayed the last week of June. It was a clean, well appointed and had impeccable service. The location can't be beat. While the room was small by American standards, it was sufficient for us. However, I do have two pieces of advice: If you're sensitive to loud noises late at night, request a room away from the front of the hotel. The patrons at the Irish bar across the street can be very loud and annoying. Also, if you can't find the remote control for the television, the maid probably put it into that small box on your bedside table. I plan on returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jsoxy
<Content>Nice Hotel, Lovely Staff, Perfect Location My husband and I stayed at the Ranaissance Vendome June 16-18. We used Marriott points for our stay, and were allowed to upgrade to a nicer room for a small fee. The staff was very helpful, including letting us check in around 11:00 in the morning when we arrived from the U.S. Our room was very small, as usual in Paris, but quite comfortable. There is wired high-speed internet in the rooms (for a fee), which was great. There's a great Irish bar across the street. The location is spectacular for sightseeing in Paris. Although the street is quite quiet, you are only steps away from the Tuileries garden. I had been reluctant to go the Marriott route, but I can enthusiastically recommend this hotel after staying there.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JCLON
<Content>Great hotel - I stay at this hotel as often as I can when I travel to Paris on business. It is good value for money in Paris. Some of the rooms are small but if you manage to get one of the suites on the ground floor you will want to go for the 鈧?9/per Room Service Breakfast. They come with a very intimate terrace. The staff is always very courteous (this does not apply to the doormen who almost never greet you when you arrive) and helpful. You may want to make reservations at PinXo their restaurants. It is a well known restaurant in Paris and tends to be booked up. Very central location, near very good restaurant on Place du Marche St Honore. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ammt
<Content>Excellent location, modern hotel We stayed at the Renaissance Paris Vendome for 2 nights, June 10-12 2007. The hotel is in a perfect location, within easy walking distance to all the great shopping near the place vendome, Louvre, tour buses. We had a prestige, non-smoking room with a king bed. It was small - which I had expected from the previous reviews but was still surprised. We could barely walk around our bed. Also - the toilet was near the door entrance while the sink and shower were on the opposite side of the room- also a bit odd, but worked out okay, I picked the hotel b/c I like modern - and it was very clean and modern. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and accomodating. Also had high speed internet access which was a must. The breakfast was included in our price (490 euro/night) and was excellent- fresh breads, fresh cut fruits, cheese, meat and they cooked eggs to order. They had USA today and other newspapers delivered each day, the hotel was very quiet. Overall, an excellent hotel which I would stay at again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Baldie1
<Content>get what you book?...       one of Paris's hidden gems, good food and Wine  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	1	4	3	

<Author>chrisjo06
<Content>Renaissance Paris Vendome, tres bon! My wife and I stayed at the Renaissance Paris Vendome for 3 nights to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Having used some of our Marriott Rewards points to pay for the room (we did pay a 60Euros per night surcharge to upgrade to a prestige room, which was worthwhile doing) it is difficult to comment on value for money. That said the staff, especially reception/concierge were welcoming and knowledgeable. Breakfast (included in the rate) was good enough although we chose to eat other meals in restaurants other than the hotel (Bistrot du Paris, Rue de Lille, was excellent and walkable!). Items in the mini bar were way over priced and, like everywhere in Paris, drinks in the bar were very expensive. The room was spacious enough, quiet and relaxing, very comfortable, LCD TV/DVD player, great bed and a perfectly acceptable bathroom. The location of the hotel is fantastic - we walked to e.g. the shopping area(s), Le Louvre, the Eiffel Tower, Tuiliants, St.Germain, etc. Would we stay there again? Definitely.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>maksis
<Content>Excellent boutique hotel Stayed at the hotel for 4 nights and no regrets at all!If to start with downsides then the only one I can name is the size of room. We had double queen and it's really the smallest room we stayed in for years. But thanks to Tripadvisor's reviews we came prepared to see small room (yet hoping that reviews of room size is exaggerated a bit). So, no surprises - good or bad. Bathroom which is half of the living room's size has powerful shower and nice smelling Bvlgari toiletries (I believe green tea aroma is acceptable for both women and men). Lobby, bar and restaurant gives you the prefect feeling of charming boutique hotel.Location of the hotel is perfect - you've got the same as for the Ritz and Le Meurice. 5 to 15 min walking distance to many attractions, 2 min to metro stop.But the staff is the one which deserves the highest marks possible. You feel truly welcome from the moment you arrive, all requests are fulfilled promptly. During our stay we were fully relaxed cos knew - if anything, we will be in safe hands. For us basically staff is the reason that heavily offsets room size deficiency.Will stay at hotel next time when in Paris without hesitation.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lindy1991
<Content>Excellent experience @ Renaissance Paris Vendome Spent seven days here and the staff was fabulous, helpful, pleasant in every way. Room small, but quiet and excellently appointed with a very comfortable bed. Hotel location a plus. Highly recommended. Restaurant was good, but not great for dinner.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ccadvice
<Content>Perfect!!!!!! We stayed at the Renaissance Paris Vendome for 5 nights, from April 20th-April 25, 2007. We used our Marriott points and upgraded to a premier room for $60.00 per night extra.The hotel is in a perfect location. 2 blocks to the Louve, 1 block to the Tuileries. The room was pleasant, very clean and had windows that opened to the courtyard. The only drawback was that there is no bureau. We used the shelves, but they are a bit shallow.The bath is lovely, the shower small. I preferred to swim in the beautiful pool and shower in the locker room which is bigger and easier.We walked everywhere, prob 12 miles each day. Breakfast taken daily at Le Pian (sp?) up two blocks and around the corner. Ther are multiple cafes and restaurands in the Marche area...all wonderful. First dinner was at Cafe Flotte. Fabulous...concierges Davied, Julian and Olivier are top notch.Ah Paris, our first trip...most beautiful city we have ever seen. A special night at Cafe L'Homme with Paris friends...the Eiffle Tower is 1 block away..right in front of you and the light show begins on the hour at night. Eat on the open patio. I will never forget this fabulous sight, nor will we ever forget Paris....  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>DCDaveBrad
<Content>I've stayed at the best...and this is better! There's a reason this hotel spent years ranked in Trip Advisor鈥檚 top 20 out of 1700 hotels in Paris and it belongs back there. I don't know at what other hotels the people who gave this one bad marks have stayed previously, but I've stayed at Ritz Carltons, Fairmonts and The Breakers in Palm Beach and the service, facilities, and accommodations at this hotel are on par with, if not better than, the best of these.As others have reported, the hotel is in a beautiful building on a nice, quiet street one block off the Rue de Rivoli. The location is amazing! We were five minutes from the Louvre or the Champs Elysees, two minutes from the Tuilleries Garden and its Metro station, and within easy walking distance dozens of great caf茅s, including Caf茅 Angelina with the best hot chocolate on the planet, not to mention the fun and friendly Carr鈥檚 Irish Pub across the street! The d茅cor is warm and inviting and the staff is friendly and efficient. We had decided to upgrade to a 鈥淒eluxe鈥?room and it was a good move. Was the room a bit small by American standards? Yes, but I鈥檝e stayed in smaller and this one was quite comfortable, with plenty of closet and storage space in the nice, wood wall units. There was ample room to move around, and the flat screen TV was very cool, especially with the DVD/CD player hooked into it (I could play my CDs through the TV!). Also, it was really nice having windows that opened, but they also sealed up tight and the double-paned glass did a great job keeping out what little noise there was. We also loved the queen-sized bed, from the foam pillows we鈥檇 requested in advance to the 鈥渏ust right鈥?mattress to the soft, cozy comforter. I usually don鈥檛 sleep well in hotels, but I slept great in this one!I鈥檝e read the comments about the showers, and this would be the only thing I might be tempted to complain about. I confess I鈥檓 not clear on why they wouldn鈥檛 just put in a shower curtain or a full glass door on the tub, but I鈥檓 assuming there鈥檚 a good reason. However, the bathroom was very nice and we adapted to the situation with very little effort. My wife decided to take a bath instead of a shower each morning while I shaved, and when it was my turn, we just put down the bath mat and her towel and that pretty much kept the floor dry (the towels are so huge, it covered half the floor anyway!). This was a very minor inconvenience and we were not bothered by it at all.The service was excellent. We took advantage of the free breakfast every morning, ordering pretty much whatever we wanted, and our meal was delivered promptly every morning at the time we鈥檇 specified the night before. We had a little trouble adjusting the A/C (which we needed because it was unseasonably warm the week we were there), but one call to the front desk took care of that. And, the concierge was very helpful, obtaining our museum passes for us and steering us to a nearby 鈥渢abac鈥?for the phone card we needed. And, the icing on the cake for this hotel is the pool! In a beautiful room decorated with tile and teak wood, it was actually a bit larger than I expected. It even has those big water 鈥渏ets鈥?at one end so you can swim toward them and it鈥檚 like you鈥檙e swimming laps without moving! Not that we were looking to exercise at the end of the day! The pool was the perfect way to relax after several hours of walking and admiring the sights and if you stay here, definitely take advantage of it.Location, amenities, service, comfort, this place has it all. The Renaissance is an outstanding hotel that will help make your special trip to Paris even more so. We will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelWithKids2
<Content>Not worth it We got family room at 5th floor. For almost 500Euros per night, it was definitely not worth it. Room was so small ... Not only square footage of the room was small, but ceilings were low as well, I would say about 2m high. Room felt as a little box, nicely decorated, clean - box. Service was OK, nothing more then that. Dinner was OK, nothing more then that. Having stayed in some other hotels in Paris at same location, with larger rooms at lower price, we would not stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>FredMacmurray
<Content>Renaissance Paris Vendome -- Absolutely Wonderful My wife and I spent 4 days at the Renaissance Paris Vendome. It was an absolutely wonderful experience. The location is great --the hotel is 1 block from the Tuilleries Gardens and just off the heart of the Rue Faubourg shopping district.The staff could not have been more nice and accommodating. It was my wife's 50th birthday and I worked with the hotel's concierges --David and Julien -- to book spa treatments for her prior to our arrival. They made sure all of the arrangements were perfect. Not once did we enter/leave the hotel without one of the doormen opening the door and wishing us a smiling bonjour or bon nuit. The same we are glad you are here attitude was displayed by all of the hotel employees, from the front desk staff to the housekeeping staff.The hotel's interior is radiant -- fresh flowers are in the lobby everyday.Our room was very nice -- it was on the sixth floor and faced the courtyard. The room itself was more than large enough -- plenty of space to store our luggage. The bathroom was great -- it had separate stalls for the bath tub and shower. And the bed was extremely comfortable.This was our 4th trip to Paris -- and we have stayed in about 8 hotels during those trips -- ranging from the L'Odeon, to the Prince DeGalles, to the suite next to the famed Bernstein suite at the Crillon. I have to say -- our stay at the Renaissance Vendome was even more enjoyable than any of our previous stays. My wife and I are already planning to return here next year.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jaywong54
<Content>Excellent Service and Location! Great Honeymoon spot!       Desk with ottoman  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Escaramujo
<Content>Location, location, location 10 years a go I stayed a week on my honeymoon on the Marriott Champs Elysses (a gift from my father in law) and promised my wife that one day I would take her back there . 10 years later, in a much better economic shape, we went back. I had accumulated Marriot Rewards Points and decided to use them in Paris to fulfill my promise. Being both the Rennaissance Paris Vendome and the Marriott Champs Elysses category 7 hotels (Marriott ratings) I decided on the Renaissance after reading reviews here and listening to friends that have stayed in both.I was shocked when I entered the hotel. This one does not have the glamour, luxury or size of the Marriott and thought I had made a huge mistake. But to tell you the truth, this hotel grew on me, and at the end of my stay I could say that I will definitevely go back to this one as oppose to the Marriott. The reason: LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. Probably the best location in Paris, near everything (we like walking as oppose to taking the Metro) as other comments mention. If you need the Metro is 2 blocks away. If you want to walk, this is near everything. Our room was very small (the size of a cruiseship room, but with a much better bathroom), but was cozy, modern and impecable. Great bed, great shampoo, lotion and soap (Bulgary), an electric towel warmer and super giant brand new towels, a LCD (Sony) TV hanged in the wall and sheets+conforter that you dont want to get out of bed (You have to though, you are in Paris). Personel is ok, nothing extraordinary but works ok. I used the swimming pool one day just for curiosity after a long day of walking (10 hours) and was pleasently surprised (a little cold though). It is small but very modern. Did not eat brakfast in the hotel. Who needs eggs, toast,etc, while there are great boulangeries and coffee everywhere? So this is my advice: Dont get turn down by your first impression of this small boutique type hotel. It has everything you need in a Perfect Location.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lovetotravel2929
<Content>Wonderful!! This place was wonderful. The room was so nice. It is a small and intimate hotel. It has a modern decor with clean lines. The beds are very comfortable and the bathrooms are nice and large. It was very clean. It is a nice, luxury hotel with a bed that you can just sink into after a long day of sightseeing. It is wonderful hotel, you will not be disappointed!It has been awhile since I have been there, but I have stayed there twice and enjoyed both times and would definitely recommend this to anyone that I know that is going to Paris.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>retrac5
<Content>Centrally located - worked perfectly for us We loved this hotel - not perfect, but perfect for us. Here are some details. Our stay: 2/18/07 - 2/24/07Booking: Very easy - we used Marriott Reward PointsLocation: Excellent. A VERY short walk (5 minutes) from the Tuileries Metro station and only 10 minutes to the Louvre, 15 minutes to the D'Orsay, 45 minute walk up the Champs-Elysees to the Arc, about the same to the Eiffel Tower. Every thing could be walked to within one hour - but the easy Metro Access gave us many choices and the RER station at the D'Orsay gave us direct access to Versaille as well. ***Warning - the Metro ticket machines do not accept American Credit Cards or paper euros. If you plan to use the machine, bring coins. ****Warning #2 - the Tuileries metro ticket window was not open on Saturday morning at 7:30AM when we were leaving for the airport (CDG) - so without enough coin change, we were unable to buy tickets directly to the airport. It required exiting the system while still within zone 1 (which is all the change we had) to buy tickets to the airport from a staffed ticket booth.Check-in: Wonderful. Staff was very pleasant and had our room ready when we arrived at the hotel shortly after 12 Noon. Room: As advertised in other postings, a little small. Very nice, very modern (flat screen); but limited drawer space. Our room was on the first floor with a balcony to an interior courtyard. Very Quiet. Bathroom: Very nice, but again, as other postings have stated - the shower leaks a lot. This could be solved rather easily in my opinion by putting a flange on the bottom of the door to capture and redirect water back into the shower instead of allowing it to fall outside the door onto the bathroom floor. Smoked glass bathroom doors (both from the room and to the shower and toilet provide little privacy when the lights in the bathroom are on. There is enough ambient light though from the room, so when we wanted privacy, we just left the bathroom light off.Service: Excellent. If we left the Privacy sign on the door, we were left alone; even when we forgot, they always knocked and made sure that it was OK to come in. When we were out, the room was cleaned quickly and well; regardless if we had left the Privacy sign out all day and removed it at 6PM. Even at that hour they cleaned without our request. Nightly turn down service was also provided (when the Privacy sign was not on the door) with tasty chocolate suckers brought to the room.Price: As mentioned, we booked the room with Marriott Reward points, however, we upgraded to the Deluxe Room - which provided a larger room and a full breakfast for 3 of us each day. The charge for this upgrade was 60euro per day, which we considered reasonable.Restaurant: Breakfast - Wonderful - eggs to order or scrambled eggs, sausages, bacon, toast, fruit, cheeses, sliced meats - we ate there everyday (to take advantage of our deluxe upgrade).Dinner - Very popular and the menu looked good, but the one night that we decided to eat there for dinner, there were no reservations available. This was fortunate for us as the Concierge recommended a wonderful neighborhood restaurant only 5 minutes walk down the same street - which served great food and even better atmosphere.Excercise Room, Spa, Pool - very nice. In the basement and underutilized. We enjoyed a relaxing swim and sauna.Overall - perfect for us. We would love to be pampered at the Four Seasons, but can't afford that type of experience (yet). This hotel had very friendly staff, a comfortable bed, and was a GREAT LOCATION for touring. We would definitely return to this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jwbiv
<Content>Very disappointing, so many better choices in Paris After having read the reviews here, we were looking forward to a great experience at this hotel, but what a joke. While one reviewer wrote the rooms are small, but this is Paris,, after having stayed in more than a dozen other hotels in Paris, many less than half of the price of this one, I can honestly say this was the tiniest hotel room I ever had. At these prices, there is simply no excuse.Yes, the location is terrific -- and that's important because you certainly can't stay in your room. There is also no place to unpack (no drawers, horrible use of space), and not even enough room to keep your suitcase on a rack.Second day there we awoke to no electricity in our room. We finally got reception to pick up the phone, and were told they'd get back to us. A half an hour later someone showed up, said they hadn't realized whole block of rooms were without power (and air circulation) but they were getting it back on. There was never the slightest apology about this.The concierge is a waste -- the only bad meal we had in Paris was his recommendation, and the breakfast in the hotel, at 29 Euros, is insane -- and not much too it. There are numerous cafes in the area, while also pricey, offer a decent petit dejeuner for around 10 Euros instead.We used Marriott points so shouldn't complain this much, but friends stayed there as well and they were really ripped off.Believe me, we stayed at a hotel for half the price on the Left Bank, had a sense of true Paris, great, large room, with a view, impeccable service -- and the room rate was less than half of this.Don't settle for an inferior experience -- if you are only comfortable in chain hotels, Westin around the corner and the Hilton on the left bank (where rooms are also twice the size) are far superior choices. A horrible experience...  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IngsDroitwich
<Content>Great base for visit on foot Easy taxi from Orly, 35euro, yes smallish room but well presented and faced into the inner quad so very quiet. Did not have breakfast or dinner, well very expensive and why bother when there are so many options nearby. Had great walks from here to Ille onto Bastille (Le petit Bofinger great for lunch full of French), shopping on the Rue de Opera, Louve nearby, Place de Concorde onto Eiffel Tower past Arc down Champs and back for rest. Pool small but fantastic, very quiet and relaxing loads of towels - great. Restaurants nearby, La Sourdiere around the corner 4, rue de la Sourdiere (great value great food). L'absinthe in a great square nearby ( brill) with many other options, Le Dauphin along the rue St Honore on the way to the Comedie (more pricey wine list). Irish bar opposite front door to hotel.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AtlantaTravelor
<Content>generally Loved It We investigated many hotels for this trip to Paris. This one had an ideal location, beautiful rooms, suites worth the upgrade (which included a full European and American breakfast) and was clean. We had some problems with housekeeping and with the concierge's recommendations of restaurants (Dourant, which we would never visit again) but the overall quality of the accommodations let these problems fade into the background.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kradjian
<Content>Classic Elegance I will prefice this review by saying that we used our Marriott Rewards points and therefore cannot comment to the value of the stay. That being said, this is on par with 4 star hotels in the states and we couldn't find any faults with the hotel. The staff was professional and receptive. The location was without peer. The room was small, however, that is Europe. The shower was strong, there was a very nice bath. The bed was excellent and the room was very quiet allowing for great sleep.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mandbear
<Content>You can't go wrong! Beautiful Hotel Great Location!!! Located one block from the Tuileries Metro and just about everything is walking distance, including the Louvre and the Champs Elysees. The hotel is tucked away on a very quiet street and the beds were heavenly, so every night was a very peaceful sleep. The pool was very cozy. After a long day of sightseeing, it's a great place to unwind with a glass of wine (that I would recommend buying at a little grocery store if you walk by one. You can buy a wonderful bottle for less than $10.) Bundle up if you go in the winter. It was cold and cloudy but oh so beautiful with the Christmas trees and the lights. This is a great hotel for married couples traveling alone, although I'm sure it's good for children as well. Oh, one other thing, we were there on Christmas Eve and Day and they brought us a box of German chocolate cookies. They were so good and I thought that was very kind of them. By the way, if you travel during the holidays and are fearing that nothing will be open, do not worry. Most all of the museums were open on Christmas Eve, including the Louvre and the Eiffel Tower is open on Christmas Day. We had no problem finding restaurants either. Sadly, everything was open, but that was great for us hungry tourists. I HIGHLY recommend Rick Steve's Paris 2007 guide. Rick Steve's is the best guide book writer ever.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karl_H11
<Content>Absolutely Mediocre Hotel, But Decent Location Nice staff, close proximity to many major Paris attractions and conevenient to Metro. Common areas are comfortable and clean, but the rooms are not. I switched rooms three times for reasons ranging from gnats to dirty bathrooms. As it is, the room I settled for wasn't much better than those I abandoned. The majority of the bathroom floor tiles were cracked, the grout on the bathroom floor was virtually gone, there was flaking paint surrounding the bath ceiling light fixtures, flaking paint above the vanity, and the shower was down right dirty (black crud in the corners and in the grout). The reading light on one side of the bed was hanging by its wires and there was a film of dust on the shelf. Housekeeping is not a priority at this hotel. Given that this hotel went through a recent renovation, it's a shame that it isn't maintained well. In my disgust with my accommodations, I sought out other hotels in the same price range, but sadly have to say that this hotel was the lesser of the evils. I will return to Paris, but I won't return to this hotel. I'll probably have to spend more in order to find a hotel that has better upkeep, but so be it. It's frustrating to spend alot of money and not be happy with one's accommodations. This hotel, in my opinion, really needs to crack down on housekeeping.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	2	3	2	

<Author>Nick_UK-7
<Content>Great 4 star experience in Paris We booked the Renaissance Vendome on a Mariott Magic 1-2-3 promotion (stay over the weekend for and get 25% off the second night). Having stayed in Paris before we knew that 4 star quality could be variable, and wholeheartedly enjoyed the Vendome!Location is great, 10 minutes walk from the Opera and five minutes to the Louvre and Tuileries. The hotel resides in a quite street with minimal traffic. We stayed in a deluxe room on the 5th floor and had no noise issues whatsoever. Our friends stayed on the 1st floor and had no complains either.The hotel was recently refurbished. Modern room decor, curtains, bathroom with Bvlgari perfumed shower products, the bed all were exceptional. In fact closer to a 5 star level, not to mention fitness centre with pool in the basement. The size of the room was totally consumed by the enormous (Queen) bed. The room could have been larger, but we have seen much smaller ones as well.The service was typical laid back French and required some getting used to, but overall the stuff was very friendly and trying hard to be helpful - one of the better examples we have seen.Overall, it's no Bristol or George V, but a great 4 star in the heart of le Grande Bulevards and I have no problems recommending it!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	-1	5	4	3	

<Author>mbcjim
<Content>Very nice I just spent 3 nights at the Renaissance Vendome and was pleased with the entire experience. The top floor room (6th floor) was luxurious and faced the inner courtyard, easily the quietest room I have ever had in a big city. It was small, not the type of room to comfortably spend the day lounging around in, but who would want to do that in Paris? Breakfast was included in my rate (about $265 per night) and was a basic European Marriott type buffet served in the Pinxo restaurant. I did not try the restaurant in the evening, but I loved ending my long days of trekking about Paris by relaxing with a cigar and a drink in the bar just off the lobby. Pretty pricey, but friendly service and interesting fellow travelers to converse with made it a good value. The pool, sauna, steam room and exercise room are located on the floor beneath the lobby and are another nice way to end a busy day. The staff all spoke English and were polite and helpful. I might go back just for the nouget candies on the front desk!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JonnyMcMuffinMan!
<Content>Hmm... Great location near the Louvre and all that, friendly staff, and nice clean modern facilities, but some complaints:1) Space: you're paying a lot of money for your room, so you expect a bit of space - well you're not getting any. An estate agent might describe these rooms as intimate, if you know what I mean.2) Price: you expect pricey food, drinks, broadband, and all that kind of stuff, but not this pricey, which reminds me - if you do fancy a pint in the Irish pub across the road be aware that they'll charge you a jaw-dropping 鈧? a beer.3) TV: you only get four english language channels (Sky News, CNN International, BBC World and Bloomberg - and really, who cares about Bloomberg!), and half the time we've been here they've either been totally unavailable or subject to cuts in transmission.Dissapointing really: 2 out of 5. I'd recommend the larger suite at the Hotel du Louvre - great value for money.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LisaUSA
<Content>Magnificent Hotel!!!! I cannot disagree more with the previous review! It was perfect in every way. The hotel looks exactly the same as the photos. From the minute you arrive, the staff tries to please. They are happy young and professional; they smile. They recommend restaurants, tours, etc. They will clean your room at 6pm when you forget to take the do not disturb sign off your door. The room, while cozy, was not too small. It was spotless. It overlooked a quaint street with an Irish Cafe on the corner. It was not too loud. I was compelled to people watch between 1 and 3 am when jet lag kept me up. One thing I could not figure out was how come the people pouring out of there at that time looked so sober. We got an awesome deal directly from the Renaissance web site (Pure Magic package). I was going to stay at the Ritz or FS, but I just could not part with 1000 bucks a nite. We got a room for 299 E per nite, breakfast included, with the third nite 50% off. The breakfast was delicious. Croissants, pain au chocolate, fresh fruit, cereal, yogurt, etc. We had room service one nite, very expensive (hamburger and fries 21E), food ok, hit the spot.Pool, sauna, steam room and fitness room were top-notch. we used them every day after our touring. They have a library where coffee, tea, etc are available during the day. The location was perfect for us. It is right across the street from the Louve. This hotel has it all!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travellerofseniority
<Content>The worst hotel We were given an executive room. I can only say this is the smallest room I have ever been given. It was dark, with no views to speak of. I can only assume that this was a broom cupboard which had been converted to a room. The receptionist said that breakfast was not included even though it was. I had to find my booking to show him it was.I could not bear to spend one night in that awful room. Inspite of having paid a package for 3 nights, I had to leave and paid for a room in Le fouquet, which was great.I am extremely surprised about the reviews I read in tripadvisor. I am 62 and have been all over the world. I have never seen such a bad shoddy excuse for a room.There is no way on earth this could be describe as a 5 star hotel. More like the worst 3 star hotel I have seen.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>owenl
<Content>mid week break Stayed as mid week break. Overall the hotel was great with a very convenient location. Expensive for what you get but balanced against the convenient location. Staff very accommodating apart from one bad experience with a duty manager. The handle of the door to the ladies health suite changing rooms broke leaving guests unable to access the room. The Duty Manageress had no sympathy nor empathy for my wife's inconvenience at waiting in the corridor for ten to fifteen minutes until door was fixed. Small issue maybe but amplified unnecessarily by the fact that it was raised in the requested customer comment sheet filled in before leaving. Noone has got back to us from Marriot with a reponse suggesting the after break service is not high on hotel agenda. Spent approx 750 euros over two nights so disappointed at lack of response to our only gripe of the stay. It has made us question whether we use same hotel on another trip to paris next year.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rockyrd
<Content>What a great hotel! We opted for the Renaissance Vendome due to its location, and we were not disappointed. It's close to a number of must see spots (the Louvre, Champs Elysee), and the hotel itself is nicely appointed. Overall the hotel staff was friendly (yes, they were French), spoke perfect English and was quite helpful. We'd definitely stay here again..J.  R. SullivanCalifornia  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>bedefelts
<Content>Romantic weekend - Just what we wanted Found this hotel on TripAdvisor and again wasn't disappointed. The rooms were clean and well laid out and had everything one could need. Great location and found ourselves walking to the Louvre and catching the Metro close by. Didn't get to use the hotel bar or restaurant as we ventured out for all of our meals and coffees - let's face it you are spoilt for choice in Paris. A weekend and stay to remember.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suze_shoes
<Content>Perfect Paris Experience! We arrived from the U.S. last week, sleepy and disoriented and were happy to find out that our room here was ready. It was only 10 am, but we were warmly greeted and taken to a lovely room on the second floor overlooking an internal courtyard. Pluses of this include the lack of street noise, minuses: you have to crane your neck to lookup and check the weather...not a problem, though. The breakfast was included in our rate and was well rounded with eggs, fresh fruit, juices, pastries, coffee, tea and more. The marble bathroom with separate commode, shower, bathtub, wonderfully it makeup mirror and towel warmer was luxurious. Spacious closet and shelving for clothes (they store your suitcases for you). comfortable king size bed with plush pillows and down comforter. Flat screen t.v., excellent lighting. safe for valuables. helpful concierge and staff. this is a first rate hotel and especially good for english speaking guests who want comfort, cleanliness and no-smoking areas (although the lobby and the bar allow smoking). highly recommend this top notch facility! it made our stay a pleasure.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SD_Happy_Traveller
<Content>Small, but first class Our room at this hotel was ridiculously tiny! We barely had any room to turn around. However, all of the hotel amenities were first class! Super comfy bed, flat screen TV, DVD player, beautiful bathroom, nice chocolates in your room every night with the turn-down service, and great toilettries. The hotel staff was super helpful (we worked with them to book dinner reservations EVERY night of our stay, and they never blinked an eye at it). They also helped us locate some unusual things in Paris that we requested. Lobby was beautiful and the attached restaurant (Pinxo) was wonderful (portions were small, but food was wonderful!).  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mklafter1
<Content>Had a really nice stay We really enjoyed our stay. The staff were friendly, helpful and efficient. The hotel is located close (walking distance) to the Louvre, Musee D'Orsay and L'Orangerie, which was ideal for us. It is only a 1-2 block walk to the metro. We had a taxi called for us by the concierge for a Sunday morning departure. The taxi arrived exactly on time and there were none of the added charges that we had been warned about. The only thing we didn't like was that the air in the hotel was a little smoky, despite being in a non smoking floor and room. Maybe they need to clean the filters in their system.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>blondtraveler
<Content>I loved this hotel I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Renaissance Paris Vendome with my husband and 2 other couples. I picked this hotel from the tripadviser reviews. This is the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed it. I decided to reserve a superior room. The room was larger and there was a tub and seperate shower in the bathroom. The front desk was so professional and both of the concierge's, Jason and Olivier, were so friendly and helpful. I got wonderful recommedations for dining at small bistro's that were walking distance from the hotel. I booked the rooms on the Marriott website. {--) I picked a superior room with breakfast. Our breakfast every morning was great! You could eat in the dining room or order any thing you wanted from the room service menu. Either way, it was included in the room rate. Every evening after dinner, our group went to the pool area. There was a nice sauna, steamroom, large showers and a lovely pool. It was a great way to end the day. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Orfila
<Content>The Best Simply the Best. Awesome location and friendly service. Cleaniest Room.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>richardlondon
<Content>Great - but tiny rooms! Renaissance Paris Vendome is a great hotel in a perfect location. Service is highly professional yet discrete. The hotel is extremely well appointed with a contemporary, modern feel.My only negative was the size of the room (I was in #606). It was so tiny that I had to climb over my suitcase to get to the bathroom. The bathroom was also tiny with no bath just a shower.It was fine for one person for one night, but for 2, or any longer than a night I think it would have been claustrophobic.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>abenakee
<Content>Better than Marriott Champs Elysee My wife and I had a wonderful week at the Vendome. The location is superb and the staff terrific. The rooms are on the small side but very well appointed. We had a problem with the shower in our room and they moved us to another room the next day. The concierge was extremely helpful and the diningroom excellent. We had stayed at the Marriott Champs Elysee and like this hotel better.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EllenBM
<Content>Quiet Retreat This is a lovely hotel with beautiful amenities. Although our room was on the small size, the amazing bed more than made up for it. The bathroom was fresh and modern. The room was very clean. I loved the french doors that opened into the courtyard.You can walk to just about any major attraction in Paris from this location.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MARVJR
<Content>The Best - Great Location, Service and Staff We stayed here during our trip to France and Italy in mid-September. The location and the staff made the visit a pleasure. Service was outstanding; we were there for 3 nights, 4 days and they were packed with the museums (all within walking distance), travel all through Paris using cabs and some great dining spots. The Concierge staff was very knowledgable and accomodating. We made extensive use of them and the Hotel Staff.The rooms were clean, bright (we had a non-smoking room) and had great internet service (a requirement when traveling today). Bathrooms were very clean, fresh, soft towels and great amenities. The restaurant was excellent and we used it for breakfast each day.Anne and her staff are some of the best we have encountered in our travels. Truly dedicated to making your stay pleasant. Well on their way to becoming a Virtuoso property.Annie 21-Oct-2006  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UTLonghorn2000
<Content>Great Paris Hotel       standard room  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ghostie
<Content>Lovely hotel We had a wonderful stay in this hotel. We arrived off the Eurostar quite early and took a taxi to the hotel, hoping that we could drop off our luggage and then check in later. Even though we were early, the hotel found us a room which was lovely. In addition to the some of the traveller photos, we had a separate walk-in shower.The only downside of the hotel was the restaurant. We came back having walked all over Paris during the day, and just wanted an easy meal without having to set out again. The hotel's restaurant is Japanese style and seemed very stylised, rather than offering the sort of food we wanted. In the end we headed over to Carr's and had a meal there, which was nice, but quite expensive.The other recommendation that we'd make is to bring your fitness and swimming gear. We didn't - but checked out the pool and gym and they looked great. We would definitely bring our stuff with us the next time we visit.The best thing about the hotel is it's location - it's so central and yet very quiet. We loved it and would definitely stay here again.I would reiterate some of the comments about the prices charged by the hotel. We were waiting for a taxi to go back to Gare du Nord and ordered two coffees in the lobby - this came to about 25 euro, which I thought was excessive.There's so much to see and do in Paris that we didn't spend enough time in the hotel, but it's a great base to have for your stay.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Top-notch-Tastes
<Content>Exactly what we wanted in Paris!!       Hotel Bar- Chino's  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CLHughes
<Content>Great Hotel with Perfect Location Stayed at the Renaissance for 1 night, August 29th on our return trip from a Danube River Cruise. The location is perfect-near many major museums, shops, restaurants, and public transportation. The hotel, while part of the Renaissance chain, is more like a boutique hotel. Great attention has been paid to small details that make you stay even more enjoyable- Down comforters, fluffy pillows, flat screen TV Bvulgari toiletries. The room (a standard),while small, was beautifully appointed and imaculately clean. A floor to ceiling window opened to the street below,but never was any traffic or pedestrian noise heard. The stafff was very pleasant and extremely helpful. Once we checked in, we were always greeted by name. Did not use the restaurant, but menu was quite expensive. Gorgeous bar at Lobby level. Will definately stay here again-this is our new Paris home!!!!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LossForAName
<Content>Pleasantly Predictable--with just the right amount of Parisian Charm We just returned from a week at the Renaissance Paris Vendome (RPV). There were many highlights--and a few things that could be improved. Even factoring in the problems, we judged the overall quality of our stay as excellent--but, of course, that depends on individual expectations.A few comments:LOCATION, location, location. . .It's hard to get much better than Mont Thabor--a relatively quiet street just off the Rue du Rivoli and extremely accessible to most of the must see sights in the city. A brief warning: the restaurant and bar across the street can get a bit noisy for the rooms on the street side. IT'S A MARRIOTT. . .Which means that you can get a true non-smoking room--something possessed by only 1/2 of the Top 6 hotels in the 1st arrondissement (as reported by the 2006 Michelin Red Guide) . I started sneezing the moment I stepped into DeGaulle Airport from all of the cigarette smoke and was greatly appreciative of a well-ventilated, smoke-free place to sleep. It also means that standard business services (like high speed Internet) are available--although at a price. It also means that you can get Marriott points for the large amounts you are bound to spend (the current exchange rate from $ to euros is miserable). Finally, the clientele is principally American, which may be good or bad, but does mean that the staff speaks excellent English and is used to dealing with American eccentricities and handles them graciously.PINXO. . .Is the RPV's onsite restaurant and is run by a genuine Michelin 2-star chef , although Pinxo has yet to garner a rating of its own. The speciality of Pinxo is southwestern French regional cuisine served as small plates and presented in 3 portions to encourage sharing, although sharing seemed to be at a minimum when we ate dinner there. (I understand that sharing typically is not done in France, although we did not hesitate.) The food was excellent and a nice break from traditional (rich) French cuisine; the service was attentive; and the wine list had a number of wines priced at 25 euros a bottle--which made for a reasonably affordable dinner. At breakfast, the Pinxo dining room doubles as the hotel's breakfast room, with a fairly pricey, unmemorable buffet and indifferent service. If breakfast is included in your room rate--terrific. If not, make other plans.ROOMS. . .Yes, they are small, but they are extremely clean, comfortable, secure and very well-appointed. They come off a bit as a room you would find at a W hotel in the states--but in miniature. One beef was a voicemail light on the phone that the staff (despite 4 requests) couldn't seem to get to fully turn off in any consistent manner. I finally gave up and left a message for callers not to trust the voicemail and to have the receptionist hand-deliver messages--which was done in a timely fashion. A complimentary bottle of water comes with the room, but it is only a single bottle for an entire stay. They can do better here. (I would trade the designer chocolates provided every evening for a bottle of water, although I'm not certain everyone would agree with me.)BATHROOMS. . .The bathrooms were nice, although tiny, with extra soft towels and the promised Bulgari amenities. However, I often wonder why the hotels that provide the most upscale amenities don't provide conditioner (for instance, the Carlyle in NYC provides Kiehl products, but no conditioner). In any event, if you use conditioner bring your own or plan to visit a drugstore. Also the glass half-shade on the tub generally results in at least some water landing on the bathroom floor--particularly when the chambermaid leaves the shower head pointing directly out into the bathroom, as occurred on one occasion. The final beef on the bathroom front: although the shower always had great water pressure, the heat of the water could sometimes be a bit uneven.CONCIERGE. . .The concierge desk was always staffed with helpful personnel and we were delighted to find out that they had museum passes available for sale. The point of museum passes for us was not so much to save money as to save time. Our passes helped us skirt long lines at the Louvre, d'Orsay and l'Orangerie, so we could spend more time enjoying Paris. The concierge also sends out a helpful email in advance of your stay. ALEXANDRA. . .My husband would consider this review to be lacking if I didn't put in a nice word for the RPV's tiny, elegant little bar and Alexandra, who staffed it most nights we stopped by. For something different, do try a custom infused cocktail using the sticks on the bar--it's even a concept you can bring home to show your guests something new and different you learned in Paris. SOME FINAL SIGHTSEEING NOTES. . .Do plan to go up to Montmartre. While some of the guidebooks made us question whether it was worth our while, it definitely was. We took the metro up to Place Pigalle, did the obligatory trek to Sacre Coeure and then just enjoyed wandering around the area, chatting with street artists and seeing the sights. We did not tour Pig Alley, which is reputed to be rife with pickpockets and which signs at the metro warn the unsuspecting about. It is a fairly easy walk (downhill) from Montmartre back to the 1st arrondissement. One RPV reviewer mentioned the Batobus, which is a form of public transportation on the Seine. It is a very efficient way to get a quick lay of the land--take a trip early on your visit. A special thanks to that reviewer for suggesting it.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>parny
<Content>Plaza Vendome (marriot hotel group), Excellent location       Front of hotel  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bdaria
<Content>Where are the facilities ? Once gone. Never again.Beautiful location but a lot of little problems transformed our staying in a bad experience. A closed restaurant in august was not very apprecciated. We payed 516 US dollar for a room when the rack rate was 460 dollars. That's all.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	2	2	1	

<Author>zulan78
<Content>Great Place My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon and were nicely surprised how nice the hotel is. I found the receptionists to be very helpful and professional. On arrival our receptionist informed us at check-in that as a honeymoon couple they were giving us a free bottle of champagne and free breakfast during our stay. Our room was on the 5th floor and had a king size bed. Unfortunately the matress was a bit too soft so I had back aches during the last few days of our stay. The bathroom was very nice with a seperate shower, bathtub, and toilet room. Our room had a nice flat screen television and there is a refrigerator big enough to stuff our own bottle of water. We used the safe and found it to be useful to store our valuables. The breakfast is definitely worth the visit as it was buffet style and closes at 10:30am. We enjoyed our breakfast thoroughly every morning and ordered room service if we missed it while room service for breakfast ends at noon. The hotel is very close to all the attractions and the Metro is only a few blocks away. I would highly recommend staying. Our flight was to leave late on our last day, so the receptionist said they would allow us to keep our room for longer if the hotel was not booked to capacity. Unfortunately it was but they were more than willing to store our luggage until we left. The swimming pool was nice and quite big and the sauna couldn't have been hotter. Definitely worth another visit.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TXBrowns
<Content>My favorite !!! The location is awesome! You can walk everywhere. The hotel was clean, cool, and pleasant. Staff was very friendly and helpful. If you are going to the eiffel tower, I suggest going around 9:30 PM, bring french wine/cheese, blanket to sit on. The tower is lite, but at 10:00 sparkling lights rapidly move around the tower. It is very beautiful. A little bit of a walk from the hotel, but a great break from museums and tours.Museum passes are the way to go. You avoid lines and they give you the opportunity to visit museums you may not have considered going to. Don't miss Rodin's The Thinker a small museum, not too far from the D'Orsy.Don't forget Student IDs. They will ask for them.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FriendsOfDorothy
<Content>Perfect City Break We have been going to Paris for a number of years each time staying in a different hotel trying to find the right one. This May we checked the Tripadvisor website and decided to book into RPV. What a great decision it was. The hotel is perfectly located, very central but on a quiet side street. The reception and the rooms are on the small side but make for the size in style: modern, clean, sleek, stylish. Excellent value for money if you want class without paying a fortune. We have found our right one  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RusNewton
<Content>Very nice hotel.... but.... I took my family and parents to Renaissance Paris Vendome for a week. We had three rooms. The hotel is very nice, the staff were friendly and accommodating but I came away feeling nice, but.. when I compare it with stays at other five-star hotels. On the nice side were the gym and swimming pool, both of which appeared very new, were not at all crowded (in fact most of the time we were the only ones in the pool which was lovely), with decent locker-rooms and showers. Flat-panels in all the rooms, and DVD players (but no evidence of a menu of DVDs to borrow although I didn't look that hard because we were out all the time so we didn't need in-room entertainment). Beds were very comfortable, with a very nice topper on the matress which is not that common but gives a luxury feel.On the but side: 1. We asked for interconnecting rooms so my kids (aged 6  8) could have their own room but get to us easily. We were initially given rooms separated by two other rooms - when we complained, we were moved to adjoining but not interconnecting rooms after one night. Not the end of the world, but even so annoying.2. The bath robes were regularly removed from the room and not replaced, which was a bit annoying given we didn't have interconnecting rooms so if the kids wanted us in the middle of the night it is kind of handy to have a robe to put on when you step into the corridor. We asked repeatedly and eventually got robes but again, annoying to have to ask.3. The one and only PC with internet connection in the lobby was out of action for our entire stay4. One of the two lifts was out of action for most of our stay, meaning some competition with the bell-boys for elevator space5. We asked for a taxi to collect us from Gare du Nord so we didn't have to sweat in line after a 3 hour train ride. This is a ten euro trip, but the hotel wanted me to pay 120 euro for their driver to collect us. I consider that an insult when the total budget for the week was already close to ten thousand euro.6. Similarly, babysitting at 30 euro an hour plus 30 euros for taxi home is a rip-off: even the Biltmore in Miami which is a very expensive hotel, offers better value babysitting than that.7. Breakfast was very expensive and they didn't seem to offer any reduction for children: both Le Meridien and Four Seasons typically offer children much cheaper breakfast than 29 euro.So, we had a nice week but it could have been just that little bit better -- and when you book five star, you expect the best, not second best.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	3	4	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Renaissance was wonderful! My wife and I just came back from 2 weeks in Europe and spent 8 days at the Renaissance. Outstanding location--3 blocks from the Louvre. There were many restaurants and cafes nearby. The hotel staff could not do enough for us! Rooms were wonderful and good sized for Europe. Would definitely recommend and wouldn't stay anywhere else on the next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nutty_663rd
<Content>Quiet hotel with good central location My wife and I have just returned from a 3 night stay in this hotel. We stayed in a prestige room, for which we paid 380 Euros a night, with breakfast included.The Room------------We were initially located room 101 overlooking the street, but because we and they couldn't get into the room safe, we were immediately transferred to room 314, overlooking the central courtyard. The rooms weren't as small as I was expecting given some of the comments in the reviews I'd read before flying out to France, although talking to the receptionists, they did say that some of the prestige rooms were smaller than the others. Room 314 was slightly smaller than room 101, but it had the advantage of a separate shower and bathtub, which room 101 didn't have.Rooms are well appointed, with an LCD style TV, DVD player, King sized bed, air conditioning, well stocked minibar, iron, good bathroom (but as reported before with frosted glass doors so not maximum privacy) and robes/slippers. The bed was very comfortable as was the bedding, with plenty of pillows. However be aware that in both prestige rooms we saw the King sized beds are in fact 2 single beds with single mattresses pushed together, so not a true King bed. Overall though we liked the room and it was perfect for our needs. I think they're better geared towards tourists than business travellers as the desk was small, but in future we'll choose a smaller room because we don't think, for the little time we spent in our room, that it was worth 380 Euros a night.A few grumbles about the room before I move on ....1.) The new safe was on the top shelf in a cupboard, and therefore we couldn't see into it without standing on a chair. Clearly roomkeeping hadn't done this either as there were 2 whisky bottles on top of the safe.2.) Excessive prices of minibar drinks: 6 Euros for a coke. It's pure greed. If my airline can charge me less than 1 Euro for a coke and make a profit, I don't expect a hotel to keep on this sort of nonsense. We therefore spent no money in the hotel on drinks, although I would have quite happily settled into a few cocktails each evening if I didn't feel that I was being ripped off. After all at 360 Euros a night, something we thought was somewhat excessive for the room size, the hotel could and should be generating a great deal of goodwill by offering drinks to hotel guests at much much cheaper rates. 3.) DVD rental. The LCD TV system doesn't offer movies so the hotel offers DVDs for hire for 10 Euros. I think all hotels could generate a great deal of goodwill if they dropped this stupid nonsense of overcharging for in-room movies.The Staff-----------The staff were all excellent, spoke English well, and were a pleasure to deal with. The Breakfast-----------------We choser to have our included breakfast in our room, for which there is no additional charge, although you're limited to choosing from the continental menu. So it's the usual selection of French pastries, cereals, and fresh fruit salad, which suited us well. However with the location of many cafes and restaurants in the surrounding area, in the future we'd choose to have breakfast away from the hotel. We can't comment on the breakfast in the restaurant as we didn't eat in there.The Pool and Gym---------------------Ok well I don't do gyms, but there were about 8 or so pieces of high end equipment. The pool was excellent - small, but usable to exercise in and cool off. The pool has two adjustable underwater jets for those of us who like to exercise against a current. Wonderful! A very classy pool with slate and wooden surroundings. Note that whilst you can turn the jets on or off, they can be very powerful, and so children shouldn't be allowed to use them without supervision. As well as the pool and gym, there's a boiling steam room (the hottest I've ever experienced) and a sauna, plus shower. Location----------I agree with everything that everyone else has said about this hotel's location. A quiet street, in a lovely area of Paris, within a short walking distance to great shopping, sight seeing and famous landmarks. This is a perfect part of Paris to stay in.Would we return?---------------------Probably, if we could get a better rate. For my money, the hotel's location, and the ability to have a swim at the end of a day's walking and shopping, are what will bring me back to this hotel, but as a said, so long as we can secure a better rate!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AureliaTraveler
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay We just returned from a trip to France. While in Paris, we stayed at the Renaissance Place Vendome. We had two stays at the hotel, one night before leaving for Provence, and five nights while we explored Paris. We booked a prestige room for the one night stay, and a quality room for the five night stay. The only difference between the two was a little more space, a king sized bed vs a queen sized bed, and a separate tub and shower in the bathroom for the prestige room. Our breakfast at PINXO (the hotel's restuarant) was included for three days. The breakfast is a buffet, and the staff will fix eggs for you, plus bring you coffee, hot chocolate, etc. The buffet consists of cereals, breads, and hams. When breakfast wasn't included, we ate elsewhere. The location is excellent - you are in walking distance of the Louvre, the Orsay, the Place de Concorde and you are in the elite shopping district of Paris. There are plenty of ATMs, restaurants, the Tuilleries Metro stop, and Batobus stop close by. The only downside to the Renaissance is if you want a beautiful view from your room, it isn't available. The hotel is located on a side street.The hotel is very modern and well maintained. We had a very enjoyable and comfortable stay. The staff is very friendly and everyone speaks English. Whatever our request, it was promptly taken care of. I would definately stay at the Renaissance Place Vendome again if I ever return to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brian_NVA
<Content>Great Location in Ritzy Area Very nicely appointed, upscale, modern rooms with flat screen TV, DVD player. The hotel is located on quiet street between Rue de Rivoli and Rue Saint Honore. Room overlooked central courtyard-type opening so no outside noise at night. Nice and quiet. Lobby staff (front desk, concierge, bellman) all exceptionally nice and speak English. Very helpful and friendly. Great location - one block from Tuileries, easy walk to Louvre, Place Vendomme, the Seine - VERY upscale area with expensive stores. Close to Tuileries Metro stop; good access to all of Paris. Didn't try restaurant, but late room service was very good. One downside is the king size bed we requested took up most of the room, leaving very little space for luggage. (We had reserved the Premium Room at 319 Euros per night, and had a choice of a king bed or two twins.) The bathroom was split in two with toilet and sink on one side of room near the entrance and the shower/main sink on other side of the room. We didn't care much for the frosted glass doors on the bathrooms - felt like a lack of privacy. Definitely recommend if you want a more modern style hotel.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel in an Excellent Location My wife and I have recently returned from a very enjoyable weekend in Paris where we stayed at the Renaissance Paris Vendome. The hotel is located in an excellent position about 5 minutes walk from both the Louvre and the luxury shops of Place Vendome. It is a very well furnished hotel, with comfortable beds and it even has Bvlgari toiletteries in the bathroom! The staff were helpful and polite and my only negative comment would be that the rooms although described as deluxe were rather small for the money.It is worthwhile trying to find a discounted rate (Renaissance is part of the Marriott group of hotels) and we found an offer for two nights accomodation and return eurostar tickets from London for about 拢300 each (try the hotel link on the eurostar website) where as the advertised rate for the room was 360 euros per night with eurostar being another 拢300 each return.Overall we would be very happy to return to the Renaissance next time we are in Paris  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yasilis
<Content>Great Place to stay, close to everything!! I found this hotel while searching tripadvisor. We are very happy we choose this hotel. Spent 4 days during easter and it has a great location, great service, nice rooms and very clean. Rooms are spacious but small closet, Beds are comfortable. Everthing is a few minutes walk; the Louvre, Musee d'Orsay, shopping, Metro stations. We recommend any time.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!!! Stayed in This hotel from 13 to 19 April 2006.Location is excellent.Rooms very very clean.Prestige rooms are big enough for couple.Separate shower and bath.Breakfast is good,clean...but selection could be better.General service and attitude of the hotel employers is excellent.This is very important since attitude and customer service in France is 0 from 1 to 10 range...And that is the biggest issue in France.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>slickoperator
<Content>Very good hotel but the marketing is skewed This is a very good hotel. It's a modern, recently designed and built establishment in an excellent, central location. You're within 10 minutes' walk of the Louvre and just 15 minutes of the Opera. From that point of view it could hardly be bettered.The service is second to none and the breakfasts are very good. I think breakfast is probably very expensive even by Paris standards, so if you want to save money, you should know that within a few minutes' walk of the hotel there are some very pleasant cafes on the Rue de Rivoli.I booked on the internet and upgraded my booking because I wanted to give my wife a treat. I have to say that I was disappointed on several counts:1. When I arrived the staff appeared unaware of the upgrade or what it entailed;2. The upgrade was supposed to give me a bottle of champagne on arrival, but it was not to be had until asked for;3. The room was small. I think this was the biggest disappointment. If they offer an upgrade for couples I think that the room ought to be a priority - but it was so small that my wife and I had to negotiate verbally before getting out of the bed because there was so little room. The bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom. Furthermore, I'm not pleased that the first thing they said to me when I checked in was that I could upgrade my room for 80 euros. Well, if you've already upgraded your booking, why should you have to upgrade again if you want a decent-sized room?So on balance, this is a very good hotel, but their marketing is, I think, annoyingly skewed. Either you upgrade, and you upgrade properly, getting a decent room, or you don't. It's as simple as that. But to have several layers of upgrade, none of them understood by the staff, seems to me crazy.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Valdas
<Content>Great hotel and location Stayed at this fantastic hotel for 5 nights. The location is great - just a few minutes from the Louvre and within walking distance of many other sites. The nearest Metro station is also only 2 mins away. The staff are attentive and the rooms, although small, should meet all your needs. We booked through an internet site which included breakfast and I would encourage you to do the same - at euro 29 it is a bit pricey but probably not by Paris standards!! Would stay there again if in Paris.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>First_Wandering_Brit
<Content>great location, small room We stayed 2 nights over Easter. The location of the hotel is superb- the major sights are a short walk. The Metro is also very close. Service was good. The rooms are well designed but very small. Bed was very comfortable. We ate at Pinxos one evening and the food was excellent (though the ambience was a little cold). Despite the small room, I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Loved the Renaissance Vendome - best location! We have just returned from a 6 night stay. The hotel location is excellent - just a few minutes walk to Louvre, Musee d'Orsay, shopping, Metro stations. Rooms and bathrooms spacious; we had adjoining rooms for family of 4. Staff were most helpful in every way. No complaints. This was our second trip to Paris, and the location was biggest factor in our choice of this hotel. We walked to Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou, etc. Recommend this for all!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel One of the best Marriott hotels around. Great location (practically next to the Louvre). Classy but they were a bit snotty at the restaurant.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClannParis
<Content>Stylish and Low Key My husband and I stayed here for a short break. This is a very pleasant hotel situated in a really convenient location for most tourists (near cultural sites, high fashion shops, high street stores, cafes reataurants etc). The decor is in a low key tasteful comfortable modern style. It does lack any wow factor however. We also found the rooms to be small considering the costs. Overall I would recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bellapretenda
<Content>Superb except for the US tourists! Second visit. First in June 2005 far too brief four nights in December. Simply stunningly beautiful hotel - intimate and stylish. My only problems - and there were two. The inappropriate American tourists who insist on wearing jeans, sloppy joes, sports shoes and baseball caps into the dining room and talking in inappropriately loud voices (but hey that's worldwide - I suppose we could shoot them?) and secondly, the bar to the right - was difficult to get service, although when it arrived, it was good.Overall - simply French, simply stunning - a well designed, functional and beautiful boutique hotel.Keep up the Bvlgari toilettries - a real treat!Cheers!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>COhotelcritic
<Content>very pleased       bathroom #1  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>holiday-anyday
<Content>Lovely stay in a lovely hotel Tripadvisor hotel reviews were so helpful in finding accommodations, I have to give back. I booked this hotel for 8 nights in February 2006, based on the reviews in this website. It did not disappoint. My husband and I stayed in a Deluxe room on the sixth floor, overlooking the small courtyard. We did not have any problems with the ceiling height - it was a uniform height throughout. The room was quiet, and very dark when the shades were closed, just as we like it. We were surprised to learn that internet access is not free, but when we informed the front desk that our reservations indicated it was included, they waived the charges. The location is in a pricey, higher-end section of Paris, but conveniently located. The concierge was very helpful making restaurant reservations before and during our stay. Since the restaurants were ones I requested, I did not have the opportunity to try any that the concierge may recommend. My husband's luggage was delayed for 2 days en-route from Italy, and the concierge helped track its status and ensure it was delivered to our room. We used the pool and sauna 3 times, and it was a relaxing way to end the day. Complaints are minor: we did not get turn-down service one night. Drinking water was only provided in the room the day we checked in. The sauna was not turned on one time, and we had to go to the front desk to fetch someone to turn it on (which was controlled in a locked cabinet next to the sauna), and it took so long to heat up that we did not stay. We did not try breakfast at the hotel, although we did enjoy a nice cup of coffee one morning. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GreenMermaid
<Content>Wonderfully comfortable and elegant!       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect place for Paris - love it After lots of research for hotels - decided to go for this hotel - and its didn't disappoint. The location is excellent - very central. It is modern but cosy, the staff bend over backwards to help. we asked them to recommend restaurants, cafes etc - and they came up trumps with ideas. Its not a pretentious place, eg the staff take your bags but dont expect tips every two seconds. The rooms are a good size, and hasv excellent sound proofing (from street noise), very clean marble bathrooms and comfy beds.The spa has a lovely pool, with underwater lighting, a sky light and slate tiling. There's also a steam room and sauna.I fyour looking for a relaxing weekend, then stay here, I promise you won't be unhappy! (and i'm not being paid to write this!)  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Leicstourist
<Content>A good hotel This hotel was up to the usual high standard of the Marriott chain. The reason for my interest in the first place was the pool - very unusual for central Paris but such a benefit when travelling with the children. It was small but adequate and we enjoyed the steam room - black slate all round and star effect ceiling! Our rooms were connected by a private door and corridor and overlooked the quiet street outside. Rooms large by Paris standards and the windows opened. Usual very comfortable beds and pillows and standard extras such as dressing gowns and slippers. Excellent bathroom and lovely Bvlgari soaps and lotions. All the staff in the hotel were attentive and welcoming. The location is superb, close to everything. The only downside was the cost of drinks in the bar and especially the cost of breakfast. Service in the bar was very good and maybe justified the price. Service at breakfast did not. The selection for the continental breakfast was thin and at something like 23 euros each was extortionate. For an additional charge you could have the hot buffet which was bacon, sausage and scrambled egg. And, er, thats it. Orders for other eggs were disorganised and long winded. Poached eggs arrived 15 minutes later like hardboiled and cold to boot! And we got another guest's part order! As others have observed you can get a great French breakfast for a fraction of the price a few streets away. But in February when its cold and raining do you really want to put on all the overcoats and trudge through the chill to have breakfast and then trudge back. No, you expect that in the hotel, so thats were you go, especially if you have kids. So much so that I paid 23 euros for 3 croissants, a bit of butter, a bit of jam and some coffee!So for me the only downside was the breakfast issue, otherwise everything else about this hotel was first class and highly recommended over all the others I have stayed at in Paris.And yes the taxi driver will have trouble finding the hotel.Its at the absolute end of Rue du Mont Thabor (which is one way)on the left hand side opposite the Irish pub.Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love it Evrytime I have styed in this hotel twice now and i found the service excellent. my first stay i must admit was somewhat disappointing as i booked a executive room and they only had superior however after speaking to the manager and expedia managed to get a suite for my next visit and the service was vastly improved. Quite street good location and overall a great stay highly recommend!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Wootie
<Content>Don't Stay on the 6th Floor! The Renaissance Vendome is a lovely hotel in an excellent location. Everything was top notch. My only issue is that we were placed on the top floor. Because of the roofline, the walls slant into the room. It was impossible for two people. One of us had to lie on the bed to let the other one by. Tiny, tiny, tiny. Smaller than ANY hotel room in Paris or anywhere else I have ever stayed in. The bath was miniscule as well. I could not use the hairdryer with the door open--there wasn't enough room. If either of us had been overwieght, we would not have been able to squeeze into the narrow space for the toilet.Needless to say, we did not get the king sized bed we were promised.The people are lovely and attentive, but word to the wise--don't let them put you on the 6th floor.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ophelia89
<Content>Excellent Location, quiet rooms A very comfortable and quiet location. The front desk staff were polite and helpful. The room was clean and pretty good sized by Paris standards. The only complaint I would have is that the one day I forgot to leave a tip for the maid, she threw all of our loose clothes into a rumpled pile on the floor, which resulted in some wrinkled, dirty clothes. We were afraid not to tip after that!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a gem! What a great hotel - we traveled as a family, meeting in Paris to start off the trip - and what a wonderful way to begin! The hotel was beautiful, clean, centrally located and had staff that were very helpful! We took a chance, booking it off of the recommendation of the tripadvisor site - and we were so glad we paid attention - it was phenomenal! We'd only stay at this hotel - what an experience!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel, I recommend it I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. It was a wonderful hotel. The staff spoke english and were able to assist you with pretty much anything you wanted (something you needed, where you want to go, etc...). I was in a prestige room, the room was pretty big compared to most of the paris hotel rooms. I had a tub, a separate shower area, and a private bathroom. The rooms was really nice and clean. The room service was great. The location is near everything and is really close to the metro. The traffic in that area is pretty crazy, that is the only bad thing. Learn the metro and you can go anywhere. I recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NorthernSpy
<Content>Worked well for business travel I stayed 4 nights from 11/30 to 12/4 in a prestige room which means you have the option of a king bed. Room faced the inner courtyard/atrium and was very quiet except occasional ka-thumping of other rooms' doors. Bathroom was split with toilet and sink in one small room and at the other end of bedroom, larger area with full tub and vanity. I enjoyed the room and decor very much but this design element was somewhat inconvenient for me. In looking at the floorplan, it appears that most of the rooms are not designed like this. Room was kept spotless during my stay. Staff was helpful without being intrusive. Did not have a chance to sample the pool or spa facilities - maybe next time. I needed internet service and booked this hotel for that reason - service in the room is 19.95 Euros per day- that's not inexpensive and not for the casual user. Did not have a chance to try the wireless in the lobby so I don't know how much that costs. What I used worked flawlessly. Location is excellent for business and sightseeing. I did not have a chance to sample the breakfast but assume something more substantial and less expensive can be easily found nearby. I did have dinner at Pinxo and it was wonderful.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DMM64
<Content>Very Nice       Standard Room 3rd Floor  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>exquisite hotel Exquisite hotel. Perfect location. Friendly and very helpful staff. Pool is a real plus. Shower doesn't leak if you make it quick (how much time does it take to wash your hair anyway?). Quiet location. For breakfast there are neighborhood markets, cafes and patissieres 2-3 blocks away on the Rue Saint-Honore plus coffee and tea in the lobby. Would never consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great pool and stean room but ....! I stayed at this hotel on the back of comment from this site and I highly recommend it. The hotel has a great contemporary feel, large rooms, a wonderful bar and the perfect location.The bar mixes a great cocktail with wonderful nibbles.The pool and steam room are a great asset of this hotel. Wooden panel and black slate floor. I spent time at the start and end of the day relaxing on the loungers and warming up in the steam room.However, on my first trip to the pool I slipped in the foot pool and badly injured my shin and staved my big toe. So watch out!!! When I mentioned this to the reception staff they were a little disinterested.Despite my slip this is a top hotel, stay here!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jobster
<Content>A hidden gem I was really worried about booking accommodation in Paris,as I wanted Contemporary, not chintz, I wanted quiet, not noise and I definitely wanted a friendly bar to relax in after a hard days sightseeing!So after lots of research, with trepidation I booked the Renaissance Vendome Plaza...Thank goodness I did.We booked a deluxe room overlooking the courtyard. Whilst small, it had a fantastically huge bed, very modern fittings and fixtures including a plasma telly. The bathroom again very modern, and best of all, no noise !The hotel is situated on a quiet street within a 10 minute walk of the Louvre and 10 mins to Place De Concorde...Walking to the Eiffel Tower via Arc De Triomphes, Champs Elysses etc, was only 30 minutes.The staff in the hotel were excellent. The bar staff were the best I have come across treating me to many cocktails including unusual ingredients such as mint and lemongrass, they made the stay even more memorable.The restaurant attached to the hotel, is fantastic in the evening, but the breakfast was really poor and the staff on the morning shift equally uninterested. I would recommend that should you stay here you turn left out the hotel, then right then left onto the main road towards the Louvre and on your left is a fab cafe serving proper French breakfast rather than hard rolls!Can`t remembe the name but it is in sight of the Palace and opposite a hotel.All in hall I would highly recommend this hotel if you are not looking for Louis style furniture and decor, but instead want modern/ trendy environment. I loved it and without a shadow of a doubt, would recommend it to all my friends and family.A real find in what can be the quagmire of choosing a good Parisian hotel  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TM99
<Content>Perfect Location I have just returned for a business trip to Paris, staying at the Renaissance Paris Vendome; I think it's an excellent hotel. Despite being in Paris on business, the hotel's location meant that I still managed a brief visit to the Louvre and some shopping! The location is absolutely perfect - sandwiched between the Rue de Rivoli (5 mins walk to the Louvre, 10 mins walk to Musee d'Orsay)and the exclusive Faubourg St Honore (a few mins walk to the Opera and the more affordable shops on the Blvd Haussman). The nearest underground is the Tuilieries - 2 mins walk.The hotel itself is boutique style and elegantly appointed. I also liked the fact that this hotel is relatively new and so nothing is worn or shabby. The bedrooms ARE small, but, again, they're well-designed and are very comfortable. It's extremely quiet and I heard no street noise at all. Bathrooms are good with separate shower and bath - plus gorgeous Bulgari toiletries.The swimming pool in the basement is a great asset - when I used it, there was nobody else there and it was most relaxing.I found the service consistently very good and helpful and I had no problems whatsoever with housekeeping or turndown mentioned in some earlier reviews.I would agree that breakfast is very pricey for what is on offer but you are a stone's throw from many other cafes, so that's not a problem. I paid 320 euros/ night for a prestige room, which I believe is very fair for a hotel of this standard in such a location in one of the world's major capital cities.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet, comfortable and friendly, but rather plain and dull If you arrive at the Renaissance Paris Vendome by taxi your driver might have some difficultly finding it; the hotel is tucked away in a small dark back street a block away from the Tuileries. Even the hotel signs are not illuminated, and when I arrived (after eleven) there was no-one at the small entrance. The lobby is no more imposing: it is relatively small and unassuming, although the dark hardwood and stone looks expensive. Still no porter after check-in, but the lift was 5 yards away so I carried my bags to the room with no trouble.I found the room moderately sized; the king bed dominated it, leaving little free floor space. Two built-in wardrobes gave plenty of room and I was pleased to see an iron and ironing board as standard, and off course the two sumptuous dressing gowns neatly folded. The desk had a light and a broadband connection; however the business traveller might find it a little small. Room enough for a laptop and a couple of sheets of paper, but not much more. The hotel must have blessed the invention of the flat screen TV hanging on the wall, because it is hard to see where a decent sized standard set would have gone.The bathroom was somewhat more generously sized. It had both a shower and bath, with separate toilet compartment and was nicely finished in marble, smoked glass and chrome, and spotlessly clean. The shower door seal leaked though (as other reviewers have pointed out) and mopping up after became a daily ritual for us.A worse problem though was to come: before settling down for the night we switched the a/c off to cut out the slight hum that appeared to be coming from it. Strangely, the hum continued. After a bit of investigation we discovered that the main fans for the hotel a/c were situated directly above our room. The noise was not that loud, but it was a bit like being on a George Lucas set with the constant low rumble of a star-destroyer main drive engine in the background. For the real noise though, we could open the room window 鈥?now we get a noise of Ridley Scott proportions from the huge metal cooling duct that runs up the side of the hotel. Admittedly, we did not have much reason to open the window - the view was of a tiny courtyard.In the end though, it was not these things that put me off the hotel. The main disappointment was that the whole place was just too uninspiring. Some people write that it is a 鈥渉ome from home鈥? Well, if I am paying a month鈥檚 mortgage for three days in a room a third of the size of my apartment, I don鈥檛 want to feel at home. I want something a bit swanky. I want guys with hats on the door, a big flashy atrium and some furniture that once belonged to Louis the umpteenth. This is Paris after all, and I want to see something of the glory of France in my hotel. And in case you think this can鈥檛 be found, you need only wander around the corner to see the hotels nearby to see what I mean. Of course, there is the Maurice and the Crillon, for which you will pay more, but you can also find a few grand four stars that look pretty impressive.So, in the end I have to mark this hotel down. True, the staff could not have been friendlier. The spar was nice; I loved the black slate steam room and it is one of the few Paris hotels with a pool (though it is small). But I have to knock a small point off the problems in the room, and a big point off for being too plain, downright dull. A business traveller might find this OK, but if you are going to Paris for that once in a life-time trip, do yourself a favour and splash out a bit extra for a real five star, or save the cash and get a nice four star room with a decent view.Oh - and if you have booked it and your taxi driver asks where this hotel is, tell him it鈥檚 behind the Maurice.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cecilette
<Content>all perfect except breakfast an amazing hotel no doubt one of the best in Paris. No better location. The check-in is fast and easy, the staff are great.The pool/spa is fantastic (millions of soft clean towels, and relaxing sofas, large showers with complimentary Bulgary gel shower!). The rooms are great, clean, comfy and quiet.But the breakfast, oh My, what a disappointment, avoid! What a rip off. The service is very slow and disorganised, the buffet is extremely poor and the atmosphere is cold.We stayed in room 508, which was great. It is a prestige room with a balcony/terrace. I had a look at another smaller room and it looked lovely too.Shame they don't do ice cube and tea/coffee thing in the room. but hey, you are in Paris, you have to enjoy outside too!I recommend this hotel warmly and will stay again whenever I can!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cheeseburger23
<Content>Utterly comfortable and relaxing We absolutely, hands-down loved this hotel. My husband and I stayed there for a week and a half in September 2005 and can't imagine liking a place better. We enjoy hotels that are high quality, classy, but comfortable and personal. This fit the bill perfectly.Location:If you are touring Paris, the vacation is very central. Right across from the Tuileries, Tuilieries metro stop (on a very central, convenient line), a block from the Louvre, the most wonderful boutiques and shopping right around the corner, restaurants, groceries and cafes everywhere, and yet the hotel is tucked into a side street so it is perfectly quiet. Somebody wrote a review that said there was nowhere to get food nearby. A half a dozen cafes with coffee, croissants, soda, and groceries weren't 20 paces away - they must not have explored thoroughly. Room:We stayed on the 1st floor in room 109. Our room was beautifully decorated with a very contemporary look. The furnishings seemed brand new. A little small, but had ample closet space so once we were unpacked, we had no trouble. We loved to cuddle in bed after a long day of touring and watch our flat screen tv. The bed was a comfy queen. Room was additionally furnished with a desk, desk chair, coffee table and arm chair. We had a bright beautiful window we could open during the day, but we didn't because the weather was around 85 degrees and we wanted to keep the awesome air conditioning running. Room was always flawlessly clean when we arrived back from touring during the day. The bathroom was the only difficulty we experienced, but we were prepared from the other reviews we had. The half glass panel in the shower guarantees a little leakage, but it was easily controlled with spare towels. The bathroom had plenty of counter space and was furnished with robes, a hair dryer, makeup mirror, etc. Toiletries were very nice and yummy smelling.Mini-bar in the room was well-stocked but ridiculously expensive (6 euros for a coke?) There was extra room in the fridge we filled with cheap water and coke from around the corner. The hotel staff didn't seem to mind.Food:We enjoyed room service two evenings which was fast by US standards (15 minutes or less), and ate one night at Pinxo. Food was very high quality and orders were always well understood, including special requests. Many other fantastic restaurants nearby.Spa  Pool:We took advantage of the wonderful spa and pool facilities while we were there, which were very unique for a European hotel. The pool was just as beautiful as it was in the pictures with lots of comfy seats for lounging. The workout room is small but functional, and we both had great massages in the spa area.Language:Everyone we met at the hotel: concierge, room service, spa workers, even cleaning staff had some command of English. While we made our polite efforts in broken French, they had no problem switching to English to help us out.Room would be great for couples, and maybe families who want to take advantage of the pool. We genuinely felt like this hotel was home, and were quite sad to leave its comfortable accomodations. We believe that you'll feel the same!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel; very enjoyable My sister and I stayed at this hotel a couple of weeks ago on our trip through Europe in Aug 2005. Overall, this is an excellent place to stay while visiting such a beautiful city.PROS: (1) location is perfect - you are close to everything, but the street is whisper quiet; (2) the staff were all VERY helpful; (3) the pool and gym are excellent by European standards; (4) the bathrooms are excellent.CONS: (1) The rooms are small, but as you'd expect for Paris.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JST1
<Content>Good Service and Location We arrived at about noon on Saturday the 3rd of September and were checked in to our room within ten minutes, a big plus as I had traveled from Los Angeles and just wanted to get some sleep. As noted in other reviews when you close the drapes the rooms are very dark and their is no clock. I for one was happy to have a room I could make dark enough to get some sleep in in the middle of the day and did not care what time it was. The room was nicely appointed and very quite. We had room service that evening, from Pixio(sp?), which was both delivered quickly and very very good - in fact so good that we had dinner at their once during our stay.I found the staff very helpful and friendly and did not experence any delays in getting the room cleaned as had been noted by others. Like other I had a problem with the shower and got some water on the floor during my first attempt but did not find it hard to adjust two and found the water pressure and temperture controls to be fine. If you have stayed in a Sofitel or other european chain you will know doubt be a master of this type of shower and in any case it is not hard to keep water in the tub once you get us to it.The only problem I experenced was getting to the hotel, our cab driver seem confused and while we got to the right street he insisted the hotel was located a block before its acutal location. Apparently this is a common problem as the hotel staff saw us coming and rushed to help with the bags.I was highly pleased with both the hotel and Pixio and recomend both though I would say that this hotel would be best for business travelers and couples. I would also print of a detailed map of the location.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Irish_JC
<Content>home away from home ! I had originally booked the St Lazare hotel,but based on reviews of the Vendome and guidebooks' comments on the safety around the St Lazare area I decided to change and am so happy I did.This is my 2nd stay in Paris and I am by no means a hotel snob - my normal 3 decision making requirements are - location,safety and quiet.The hotel scores well in all areas.Pros - Location - walking distance from all the sights (except sacre coueur). Perfectly positioned on a quiet side street means you don't hear traffic.(I am a light sleeper so this is a big point for me!)Rooms - big by paris standards. Very well laid out - everything looks and feels new and high quality from the bed to the linen to the desk. LCD tv and dvd player is also great when you get bored of the only 2 english news channels. Bulgari toiletries a nice treat. Bathrooms are nice and big. Broadband access included.bath robes and slippers handy for the pool.Amenities - Pool,sauna,steam room are fantastic after long walks. I only used them one night but we had the pool to ourselves....very nice Staff - Very helpful and pleasant. I didn't bother them too much except for the bill - more on that later. But as others have mentioned they make you feel extremely welcome and I think are the real icing on the cake for this hotel. Bad staff can leave a sour taste in a nice hotel but these guys were great !Cons-location - if you need a quick fix of fruit or bottled water etc,it's quite a walk to find the nearest market. so shop when you're out in the day!the bathroom cannot be kept dry as mentioned previously...annoying maybe,but didn't bother me too muchpool/sauna closes at 10pm...found we were out till that time most nights so would've liked to use it when we came backa couple of other oddities - I received a call from front desk at 7.30am one morning..when I answered they said sorry and hung up....2 bottles of beer appeared on the bill which I didn't have - only thing i can guess is by looking in the minibar they may be scanned and added automatically?the safe was advertised as laptop size but in reality it holds passports and maybe a camera.One reason I enjoyed this hotel so much was that I felt I got a bargain...The rack rate was 269eur but after booking I noticed expedia were offering it at 249.Marriott have a policy of best price which means if you find it cheaper than their site they give you a rate of the lower along with a 25% discount....so my rate was actually 182eur.Front desk hadn't been informed by bookings office,but once I was able to produce the email they were more than happy to oblige.I didn't use restaurant/bar so can't comment.One last recommendation for paris from me is use the Batobus !! 16eur for a 5 day pass - basically a boat along the seine with about 8 stops - hop on,hop off - all the major ones...by far the easiest way to go from champs elysees to eiffel, or eiffel to notre dame - and a great view along the way. the metro means walking,changing lines,not a nice view....boat is superb...runs till 10pm too so you can view the sights at night. only wish i'd discovered it at the beginning of my weekend !I would definitely stay here again - great hotel,location,staff and I would recommend it. you'll feel a little pampered in this home away from home.Deserving of it's high place in ta's customer satisfaction,but it doesn't have the frills of say the beverly hills hotel so I wonder are the people using 5* hotels just more critical?  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ooookch
<Content>Wonderful place - but not perfect There's a lot of good things to say about this hotel, but there are also some downsides. The location is just great, especially if you're into art as Musee d'Orsay and the Louvre are within easy walking distance. The hotel is perfectly styled and has a very nice ambiance, I felt at home immediately. It is also rather quiet, as it is on a back street of the very busy Rue de Rivoli. The room (I had a 'Prestige' room) was not very big, but I loved the extremely comfortable bed, the style and the flatscreen tv. The bathroom however is a typical case of 'design over function', which starts with the doors (which aren't really doors); and as other reviewers mentioned, it is impossible to take a shower without flooding the room. The Bulgari toiletries on the other side are wonderful. Housekeeping was not very good: the room was not ready when I arrived at 5pm and was also made late the next day, the mini bar didn't get refilled, a drinking glass was not cleaned, they knocked at the door once despite the 'do not disturb' sign; all nothing severe but it's not nut truly five star standard. The turndown service however was lovely.The Pool and Hamam are fabulous features after a long day of walking around in Paris, and again with great design. I liked the small but cozy bar. The restaurant is a bit expensive but very good with creative, quite light food. I enjoyed sitting at the marble bar where you can watch the cooks preparing the meals. Breakfast however is hopelessly overprized for the variety and quality of the food offered. I don't mind paying 29 Euro for a breakfast buffet, but for that money I expect more. Go to the Meurice nearby if you want to spend money for breakfast, else there are enough French cafes around to start the day. In addition, staff in the restaurant at breakfast wasn't overly polite and sometimes very stressed, and argued in front of the guests with each other about having too much work to do.Last but not least, the best thing about this hotel is the front desk staff, everybody was extremely nice and helpful. Top notch service!Although there are some little downsides, I rate the hotel with five stars for the style, the staff, the location and the pool, and also because with the exception of the George V all five star places in Paris (including the Ritz and the Crillion) I've tried so far had bigger problems than this one. I'd recommend it to single persons or couples who prefer a stylish, personal hotel over the prestige of the big names.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect place - expecially for the price!       rue du Mont Thabors  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Loved the Renaissance Paris Vendome This hotel was wonderful for my stay in Paris. The location was fantastic.....very easy walking distance to le louvre, musee d'orsay, tuilleries, arc d'triumphe (excuse my spelling, if incorrect) and shopping. There is a metro stop very close by....so easy to get around...I never took a cab. The hotel is very well-appointed, having recently been remodeled. The rooms, though small, were very clean and modern. The beds were very comfortable. Robes and high end bath products were in the bathroom. I did not eat in the hotel, I prefer to get out and walk around to find some options for dining.I will certainly return.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Trojan23
<Content>Ideal couples hotel - don't take children Ideally situated in Central Paris in a very quiet street. The Plaza Paris Vendome is not a Hotel aimed at the family market its more of a romantic retreat for adults鈥?it is a real treat. Clean efficient and friendly it has everything you need for a comfortable visit to the French capital. As is the norm in France the rooms are not huge I guess this is just something you have to accept however the rooms are extremely well appointed, with a very comfortable bed  good quality bedding. The small splash screen in the bathroom is only a problem for the hotel staff that come to clean it. In fact we found they would not only clean the bathroom during the day but would do the same again during the turn down service in the evening. The only thing missing was tea  coffee making facilities which was a minor disappointment.The restaurant was very expensive and room service or having a drink in the bar costs far too much, however the number of excellent restaurant within easy walking distance meant we had ample choice and truly good food every day.I think personally think this hotel hits all the right marks that make it deserve it high rating. Highly recommended unless you have kids that is.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>veebrad
<Content>Very disappointed.... I have just returned from Paris. I had spent several weeks researching which hotel to use and I was very influenced by the reviews on the TA website. But I have to confess I was very disappointed in this hotel - by no means a 4-5 star hotel, despite the 5-star price!Its primary benefit is its location which is terrific. But I found it to be deficient in many ways. It is definitely not a family hotel. We travelled with our 11 year old son and had requested a rollaway bed, but the room was so small we could barely get our suitcase in it - to give them credit they did upgrade us to a junior suite! But the room was small - so small thay they didn't have room for a suitcase stand, so we had to park our suitcases in various corners of the floor and dance around them. This may have been the only 5-star hotel I have ever been in that had no clock of anykind in the room - so if, as we did in our jet-lagged state,wake up at night and try to figure what time it was, we had to tip-toe to the bathroom to turn on a light to see - weird, right?Other travellers have commented on the quaint showers. They are not quaint, just downright stupid! The shower is one of those in-tub things but there is not a curtain, just a half-length glass screen, so that when you take a decent-power shower, the water shoots out all over the floor. When you have had to mop up the floor after 3 people have use the shower -every day- and filled the tub with all the soggy towels, this becomes a real pain in the rear after several days. Not to mention the slick floor you have to negotiate afterward- a very user-unfriendly bathroom. I didn't pay these prices to be mopping floors every day !There is a tiny bar, the lobby is cramped and stuffy - Paris was hot when we were there and the lobby air-conditioning was totally inadequate - the room was fine though.We tried the restaurant one night - there was not another customer there. When we looked at the meny we knew why - it was difficult to find anything simple to eat. Everything was sophisticated and expensive - no child-friendly food at all, and this was the only place to eat - so we ate out every night! The downstairs spa/pool area was novel, but I would much prefer a hotel that did better on the basics, than one which had these expensive frills. I cannot recommend this hotel at the price they charge. I was influenced, I must admit, by the hotel we had just stayed in, in London.- the Sofitel St. James. A much more elegant hotel with beautiful big room , exquisite beds, great location - for half the price of our Paris hotel. We loved it!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nwillner
<Content>Very nice hotel I'm going to give the Plaza Paris Vendome 5 stars. If there were 4.5 stars I'd actually give that because of just a few hesitations below. There is a great staff (concierges Daniel and Emmanuelle were very helpful), very clean and modern redone rooms, the pool and steam room are fun and different for Paris and the location near the Louvre is great but there are a just a few points that might keep it from 5 star status.The rooms are beautiful but tight even for Europe. It doesnt' have the grand look of the 5 star hotels and it's on a tiny back street behind the Meurice (some people may like the back street for the quiet) If you're looking for (expensive) Paris 5 star then try the Meurice, Crillon or George V but we were very comfortable and well taken care of. (Do go to The Meurice for breakfast 1/2 a block away - like having breakfast at Versailles). The restaurant at the hotel is fantastic and even if we don't stay there next time we'll make a special trip for dinner to Pinxo in the hotel (have the fruit with coconut milk and mint for dessert)  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Loved the plaza vendome! Great location and fantastic room. We stayed here on the first leg of our honeymoon and had a junior suite. We booked online and received a better rate than what was posted at the hotel when we arrived. The suite was fabulous, lots of room by Paris standards and tres chic! Newly updated - definately worth the price. Service was good. We did not dine in the restaurant but noticed that it was usually busy. Will definately return and will recommend to friends and family.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joburg
<Content>Great hotel in Paris Great hotel in an EXCELLENT location. Good facilities including free Wi-Fi. Good base for exploring Paris.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Holidaymad
<Content>Hotel overbooked!! When we arrived at the hotel on Friday evening we were told that 'a large party had decided to stay an extra night' and that they therefore did not have a room for us - they had instead booked us a room for that night at their sister hotel The Marriott Champs Elysees. The hotel was OK but definately not the quality of the Plaza Paris Vendome hotel (we had chosen an 'extra special' hotel as it was our 5th Wedding Anniversary). We were not offered a refund for the cheaper night stay, nor were we offered a room upgrade when we returned the following day. The hotel did give us a bottle of champagne as an apology, and the staff were very apologetic, but we did feel that we had probably been bumped because we were not paying the full rate (we had got a very good deal with Eurostar) in place of a full paying customer.The Plaza Paris Vendome hotel is very stylish, set down a quiet street although there wasn't many restaurants near by to choose from. The Louvre is a 5 minute walk away, as is the nearest bus stop for the hop on/hop off bus which takes you to all the tourist attractions. The area is ideal if you love shopping at designer shops and boutiques as you are surrounded by them. Our room was quite small but there was plenty of room for the two of us. It was very nicely decorated and had a good sized bathroom (and the smallest bath I have been in!!!). We did find that the breakfast was expensive (29 Euros each for a very limited buffet), as was the bar - we had two irish coffees that came to 28 Euros!If you do decide to stay at this hotel it may be an idea to call them up a day or so before your stay to check they have a room for you so that you don't get any nasty suprises on arrival.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>oec57
<Content>Lived to all expectations... We booked this property based solely on the positive reviews for this Hotel read in T.A. We were not dissappointed during our seven nights stay... Although this was our first trip to Paris, and we could not compare to anything else, the level and quality of attention to detail made this a great choice. Everything in this Hotel is impecably clean and very well appointed. We did not experience any difficulty with the staff or any services provided or specifically requested, on the contrary, we feel everyone went out of their way to make us feel comfortable, and they did. Unfortunatelly, we had no time to enjoy the Hotel facilities (pool and Restaurant) but I think that is a good excuse to come back to this great Hotel.I hope Marriott will maintain the high standards offered by this property.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jamvpi
<Content>A Wonderful Experience! We stayed at the Plaza Paris Vendome at the end of April. The weather in Paris was beautiful and the hotel was perfect in every way. We are Americans living in Belgium and took the train to Paris for the weekend. We then purchased a 2 day Metro pass which ended up being a wonderful investment. The Paris Metro is so convenient and easy to use.We arrived at the Hotel around 10:30 a.m. to see if they could store our luggage since check in was not until 3:00. The gentleman at the front desk was extremely polite and told us we could check in to our room early. They escorted us to our room to make sure it would meet our satisfaction. We had our 5 year old daughter with us and were a bit concerned it was too nice for active little ones...they were very nice to her! The hotel also had a pool which was wonderful for our daughter after a day of sightseeing!The hotel's location is wonderful...on a quiet street yet close to metro and great shopping area.We would highly recommend this hotel and can't wait to return to Paris, a truly beautiful city!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Simpic
<Content>Fantastic Went away with my girlfriend for a romantic getaway. Could not have chosen a better hotel. Great service from all the staff and fantastic rooms.Best bit is the swimming pool complex in the basement. Feels like your own private oasis.Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>problems at check in spoilt a lovely hotel we had booked a superior room but upon arrival we were told they had no rooms available ! we had already paid via expedia. They put us in a taxi to the warwick hotel which was on a noisy street and was no where near the quality of the plaza vendome. I was told that we would be upgraded to a junior suite but upon our (inconvenient) return we were only given an executive room which was small and I suppose very similar to the room we booked. The hotel was lovely but I didnt get a refund for the cheaper friday night stay and it somewhat spoilt the hotel for me. The location and style are excellent. shame about the booking.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler223
<Content>Lovely Big Little Hotel               
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't go wrong - this is an awesome hotel!!! First off let me say that I am a very very picky hotel person....Just got back from 1 week at the Plaza Vendome. I stayed there based on the ratings this hotel has received on this site. I have to agree 鈥?you cannot go wrong with this hotel. I would not hesitate to stay there again. Room was average size (but palatial by European standards) with a very large bathroom. The room was very clean. Free high speed internet access. Awesome beds. Mini bar. Bathrobes. Plasma TV with a DVD player (they have DVD's at front desk). Chocolate lollipops when they turn the bed down at night.This hotel is located on a small street that parallels other more traveled streets. Be prepared to bring a map to point out the hotel to cab drivers, or become familiar with other local landmarks, as none of my cab drivers knew where this hotel was. My room faced the street 鈥?the noise level was fine. The concord metro station is a short walk (5 min) away.The staff was exceptional. Very helpful in every way. By the end of the trip they knew me by name. I used Marriotts best night rate guarantee and was able to have the rate lowered significantly based on a package price from expedia.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brooklyn42
<Content>What a way to end a honeymoon! We were married in Florence in October and spent several weeks making our way across Italy and France. We discovered Plaza Paris Vendome through TripAdvisor, hoping to find a gem in the heart of Paris. What a gem we found.At the time we booked our trip, the Plaza Vendome was the #2 rated hotel on TripAdvisor. It should have always been #1, in our opinion. Our hotel criteria -- modern amenities, young clientele, elegant and in walking distance of the Louvre. The Plaza Vendome possesses all of these qualities.Our room was small but warm and inviting. The bed was miraculous. Our room had a flat screen TV and internet access. The bathroom was great -- modern and functional. The staff was incredible. We were only there for four days, but we felt like we knew everyone. I would definitely recommend and can say that Plaza Vendome will be at the top of our list when we return to Paris.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travlingal65
<Content>What a find! Just returned from Paris and were thrilled to find this hotel after spending one night at another supposedly charming little hotel with rooms so small we couldn't move and decor that was literally falling off the walls. The PPVendome welcomed us with open arms and we loved the classy decor. The concierge led us to three restaurants we loved, and make note of the fact that Pinxo, the restaurant attached to the hotel, is wonderful, too. One further note, the hotel was taken over by Marriott's Rennaisance group on April 1, 2005. I hope they keep it as special as it is now.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ip241au
<Content>New Renaissance Property Now a Renaissance Property. Very modern in art-deco style. Room #1 had its own patio on to an inside courtyard with table, chairs, and umbrella. Very quiet room slightly small, but very well appointed. Breakfast was good, but not worth 26 euro per person. Staff was very courteous and willing to help. I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>schremkopf
<Content>Outstanding Hotel - You Won't Regret It I searched online for weeks before selecting this hotel for a trip with my wife. We stayed 3 nights and liked it so much that at the end of our trip north to Amsterdam, we had one night back in Paris before flying home and decided to stay there for that last night even though we had reservations elsewhere.If you are into boutique modern hotels a la Schrager you will love this place. Note: this is the anti old-world Plaza-like hotels which Paris (and Europe) is filled with. Design is very clean, the spa and pool area, for being pretty small, are just gorgeous. Location, as many others have noted, is ideal. Especially liked that it was off any busy streets which means there are few tourists or random passerby wandering in to the lobby to look around.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ming_dynasty
<Content>Absolutely fantastic!!!       One of our two beautiful bathrooms.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonFifi
<Content>Stylish hotel, good location. I stayed at the hotel in February 2005 for 3 nights. This is a fantastic hotel 鈥?the best of many that I have used in Paris. I will definitely use it again. The hotel is very modern. The double room I had was quite small, but well designed. It had a great flat screen TV and the bed was incredibly comfortable. You can hire DVDs for your room from the front desk if you want to relax and watch something other than the news (English viewers).The bathroom was great with complementary Bulgari toiletries.There is a great swimming pool in the basement.I had breakfast at the restaurant attached to the hotel, it was average. The service wasn鈥檛 up to much and a bit of a disappointment considering how fabulous the rest of the hotel is. I think its better, and definitely cheaper, to eat out at a nearby caf茅. The hotel鈥檚 location is great. There are some lovely places to eat and there is a good food market nearby on a Saturday morning. Give this hotel a try and you won鈥檛 be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutely the worst hotel Having travelled extensively in the U.S. and abroad, we were so shocked upon check-in at this hotel that within 2 hours, we checked out and went to the Hotel Plaza Athenee. Vendome is garish, but above all severely lacks tact, professionalism and competent customer service. The room that I booked 30 days in advance was already issued upon our arrival because the hotel was overbooked. I had to ring room service 4 times for a bottle opener for a diet coke, took an hour. Instead of leaving the bottle opener in the room, the attendant curtly stated that it, 'was hers', and took it with her. I attempted to go to the spa for a massage to relieve some of the travel stress, requested a gender-specific therapist (and the wrong gender showed up) and received singularly the worst massage ever. Attempted to order room service for dinner, the room service operator insisted that she would not bring coffee with the entree and that I would have to call back after I finished dinner if I still wanted the coffee. Under no circumstances would I recommend this hotel to anyone much less a saavy traveler or trusted friend.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ChrisEssex_UK
<Content>Fantastic!!!!! Went to this hotel for Valentines weekend, as soon as we arrived we were very impressed as they upgraded us for Free!. The hotel is fantastic and very clean. The staff at the hotel were always very helpful and friendly. This hotel is in a perfect location, and what better way to enjoy it than to go back for a swim and sauna at the end of a busy day.While you are in Paris I would definately recommend going for a meal along the River Seine, and also a meal in the Pavillion Elysee restaurant (along the champse elysee).When I visit Paris again I will stay here again!!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't miss Do not miss before you die, GREAT hotel and great location, you feel like a king  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LawyerAbroad
<Content>This is the best hotel I've stayed in in Paris This is a cracking hotel - we'd have no hesitation in going back.VALUE FOR MONEYWe spent a week at this hotel (2-9 Jan 2005) as part of a Eurostar package and it was superb and excellent value. Excluding the train cost, it worked out at 拢185 per night (roughly 260 Euro). We were given a complimentary upgrade to Deluxe room for the whole stay. If you haven't done so, its worth checking the Eurostar site - we tried to put together a package ourselvbes but didn't get near the price we paid through Eurostar.ROOM AND FACILITIES ETCThe hotel is still very new, and so is clean and modern. The room was pleasingly spacious, which is unusual in Paris. The only small gripe was no tea/coffee facility so it was mini bar, your own drinks or nothing. However, the room was generally excellent. The bathroom was also good size, modern and clean. The shower screen tended to leak , as someone else has observed, so hopefully they'll pick that up, but it was a minor worry. Good quality free toileries provided (Bulgari).The hotel has no view to speak of as it is on Rue de Mont Thabor, which is a small road one back from Rue de Rivoli (which runs down the side of the Tuileries). Some rooms face an interior enclosed space, so if you want a view of the street, ask for it. We realised that it was all too easy to see into some of the non-street facing rooms from the corridor accross the enclosed space, so if you want to be totally private, you should bear that in mind.STAFFThe staff were also superb. Rarely for France, all of them were polite and friendly, with the porters opening doors if you wafted near them, and the receptionists calling our good morning every day.FOODI can't comment on the food as we didnt eat in the hotel.LOCATIONThe location is perfect. The hotel is 2 minutes walk from Place Vendome, Place de la Concorde, and the Tuileries and the Louvre. This means its a bit further to the Eiffel tower and places like Sacre Coere, but frankly there's no way to be close to all of the sites and my view is being next to the Tuileries is the best you can do to cover most of them.Close by there are plenty of eateries, especially if you prefer a coffee and criossant locally instead of the hotel breakfast (which wasn't in our rate, and I think tends not to be in Paris rates - add an extra 26 Euros per person). Shops are also close by , though its perhaps 10 mins walk to the major department stores like Galleries LaFayette and Printemps. But you wont be short of shops if that's your thing.We were initially a bit concerned that there was an Irish pub on the corner of the road opposite the hotel, but there was no noise at all, and it was not a problem.You're also close to several Metro stations.TAXISWe had one bad expereince on the cost of a taxi booked via the hotel. The cost of our taxi from Gare du Nord to the Hotel was under 10 Euros. The return cost nearer 20 Euros, because the taxis clock seemed to run from being called up by the hotel. If you can bear it, try to grab one yoursleves!Have a great time !Michael in Manchester, England  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>UK Debby
<Content>Highly Recomend Excellent location, helpful staff. Do make use of the pool and sauna-it's great for tired feet. We would certainly stay again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bb2250
<Content>A+ A perfect hotel. The rooms are modern and elegant -- and large for Paris. The pool and sauna are very unusual for Paris and very welcome after hours of walking around the city. The staff is extremely helpful -- almost telepathic in anticipating and responding to requests. This is the only place we'll stay in Paris from now on.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect stay in paris My husband and I spent 7 nights between Christmas and New Year's here and were delighted with the hotel. The staff are wonderful-very friendly and the concierges David and Emmanuele were so helpful, arranging several restaurant reservations/recommendations and even a train trip to Reims, France. My husband was thrilled with the spa and steam room downstairs. Although the rooms are small, they are very well organized and it was easy to find a place to store all our belongings. I would suggest this hotel to anyone traveling to Paris. The location was perfect-close to museums, easy access to the Metro, but actually located on a quieter side street-lots of wonderful restaurants within a 5 minutes walk. Room service was delicious-I can not say enough nice things about this hotel-truly a treasure!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Contessa
<Content>A Romantic retreat-look out for the Valentines Day package! Charming and stylish this hotel should settle down to be one of Paris's finest.Staff were friendly and warm if a little overworked at times, our room was exquisite with every comfort and was extremely quiet.Breakfast was not a success on either morning, both the staffing levels and the food need more attention if staying here is to become a truly luxurious experience.The pool is attractive and a thoughtful addition for both leisure and business travellers alike. The Concierge service is excellent but with a 100% mark up on each ticket rather expensive and not something I'd met at other hotels. The limousine service is wonderful but frightfully overpriced-10 times the cost of a taxi to the Gare Du Nord for example!(It should cost you around 12 euros for 2 with luggage depending on traffic.)The public rooms are breathtaking, especially the reception area under it's glass pyramid but the library is so small it needs to become non smoking. We booked a package that was very good value, I suggest you do the same. The package didn't quite deliver on the hot chocolate and pastries but all in all we were pleased. I hope to go back in a year or two to see if the atmosphere has shaped up to that of Palazzo Sasso, my all time favourite. It is in the same group of hotels so I am optimistic that this can be achieved and I wish all the staff every success.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>maxtravel4me
<Content>Great hotel! Terrific hotel! I stayed there when the hotel was having difficulty with the electricity caused by external factors, and the hotel was more than accomodating and hospitable. I would highly reccommend this location and would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asha
<Content>SUPERB This hotel is wonderful, small but very chic. The staff cannot do enough for you. The bar and restuarant are excellent and the location is fabulous. We will definately return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb French Luxury My husband took me to the Plaza as a birthday treat. What a hotel! As the saying goes...Small but perfectly formed. We felt welcome as soon as we entered the lobby, everything looks immaculate and the staff were interested and attentive. The location is great for museums, the theatre district and luxury shopping. The in-house restaurant called Pinxo was also very good (if it's fully booked you can eat at the counter and watch the chefs hard at work). Watch out for breakfast as if it's not part of a package it can be expensive (we paid 拢40 for scrambled eggs, an omelette, tea and toast), however that wouldn't stop us visiting again. Everything was as you'd expect in a hotel of this quality - from the rooms to the spa. This is a wholehearted recommendation and my only disappointment is that it's popularity will surely mean the prices will increase. Great hotel - well done!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Derbyshire_fellow
<Content>Simply a wonderful hotel Booked the hotel on the strength of the reviews on tripadvisor and was not disappointed. Fantastic hotel service and a wonderful room made for a perfect base for our romantic weekend in Paris. The location is superb, a very short walk away from La Louvre so go ahead and book this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kgs
<Content>Delightful for the most part We had a very nice experience at the hotel. Terrific concierge (Emmanuelle) who did a great job for us with tough to get local restaurant reservations. The staff at check in were also very nice. Rooms were lovely but very small. I don't understand how the owners expect people to unpack as we had to upgrade to a larger room to have enough room to be comfortable. Then, we were moved to a bigger room after a day because the internet connection was bad in our room after 24 hours of trying to get it fixed. Terrific room service quality--fruits, teas, breakfast was a treat. The pool and work out rooms were wonderful and the sauna and steam are co-ed so you can sweat with your partner! The restaurant in the hotel (kind of) was good and a welcome retreat for our first dinner. Location is really great, although the cab drivers have a hard time understanding our pronounciation of the street and name of the hotel and several times tried to take us to another hotel. Will recommend and return to the Plaza Paris Vendome Hotel for our next trip.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel In Paris! We stayed at the Plaza Paris Vendome from 2/11/04 to 4/11/04 and I can say it's the best hotel I've ever stayed in. We stayed at the prestigious Waldorf Astoria in New York last year, but the Plaza Paris Vendome is by far the better hotel.The rooms are a good size, superbly decorated, and include a flat screen TV and DVD. The bathroom is exceptional.One our last day I used the swimming pool and steam room. What a fantastic way to wake up! As it was off-season, I had the freedom of the facilities to myself.We didn't use the restaurant or the bar, as we usually like to find somewhere different each day. But by judging the overall standards of the hotel, I would suspect the restaurant is equally superb. I did order room service for breakfast, and again this was fantastic and not too expensive by Paris standards.I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Paris and definitely intend to go back soon!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wot no poached eggs! Stayed 23 - 25 October 2004Found it a great little hotel, ideally located near the Tuilleries. The reception, concierge and porters were excellent, being courteous, helpful and friendly. We paid 400 Euros per night for the weekend rate which seemed expensive for the small room. However, the room was modern and well equipped. We did not think that the service at breakfast was acceptable for a hotel of this standard. Staff were not friendly and polite insisting that guests moved from one empty table to another. Why could we not have poached eggs?If we had only paid 280Euros or been upgraded as other guests have reported, maybe our opinion would have been different!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything I Expected The other reviews here are accurate. We cross referenced expedia hotels with this web site and decided on this hotel on that basis. Spent our honeymoon there for 7 nights and was not disappointed.The only oddity was that the glass shower stall door did not seal properly. There was a visible gap between the hinge side of the door and the ceramic tile of the wall it was attached to. The first time I used the shower there was water all over the ceramic tile of the bathroom floor. All I had to do was ensure that the hand shower was pointing away from the door. The alternative was the use the beautiful, deep bath tub that was also available.I would go back again as long as the prices do not rise significantly. With all of the positive reviews available here the hotel may indeed raise them.Through expedia, after deducting air fare from the package we paid 271 euros per night for their basic room. In short it was relative value for the money by Paris standards.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look no further - this place is brilliant What a fantastic hotel. I surprised my wife with this hotel for our anniversary.The place was ideally located near to the Tuileries Gardens, Place Vendome and the Louvre situated in a quiet back street. It is also very close to the Metro (Tuileries). The staff were all excellent. The porter brought up our luggage and we had no small notes with which to tip him. We saw him in the street later and he was more than happy to show us the way and so very helpful! After contacting the hotel before we came with regard to it being a special occasion - we were upgraded to a MASSIVE room and only paid the discounted rate of EUR 280. This being Paris, having a large room was a real luxury. We were on a corner with four double floor to ceiling windows - Plasma tv and DVD too. The beds were incredibly comfy, sheets and pillows of the highest standard.Bvlgari toiletries too! Drapes and blinds made the room totally dark and window soundproofing was very good. We didnt use the spa or pool but we really should have. It was so perfect we can't recommend this hotel enough. Everything in Paris is far closer together than you realise so getting anywhere is so easy and this hotel will definitely be our base when we return.Thank you especially to Severine!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SeattleMan
<Content>Lovely right bank refuge This is a small, personal luxury hotel two blocks from the Tuileries. We found a reduced rate on travelocity ($335/night = 280 euros) that was substantially less than published rates.The room was typically small, but the quality of everything, from the bed to the cabinets, draperies, sound-proofing, and bathroom, was excellent. Our only complaint is that the bathroom has a translucent door that allows day- or street-light into the sleeping area 24/7. The light is very diffuse and low level, but a surprising feature right next to heavy, opaque bedroom draperies. This can be a problem when jet lag wakens you at 3am.Staff were responsive and very pleasant, happy to speak a range of languages. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant or use the room service. The room fridge allows you to keep your own perishables in the room.The hotel has a lap pool - about 4 feet deep and 30 feet long- as well as a wonderful steam room and a sauna that provided a wonderful finish for long days of walking--or, more often, a refreshing break between the long day and a late Parisian dinner. I think I will stay on the left bank next time, where the strolling is less commercial and the pedestrians more local. But for the location and quality of accomodation Plaza Paris Vend么me would be very hard to beat.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended!   showReview(2771075, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A consummate delight   showReview(2515666, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Plaza Paris Vendome: The ideal luxury hotel   showReview(2496165, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A jewel worth the money   showReview(2263718, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SBpicky
<Content>The best of the best   showReview(2153467, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent if a little flawed   showReview(1771008, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Understated luxury and excellent location   showReview(1729003, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A touch of glamour   showReview(1684163, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Lost Treasure   showReview(854501, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay while in Paris   showReview(836966, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sosteph
<Content>A la hauteur de ses 茅toiles   showReview(23200696, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜銇究鍒┿仹缍洪簵銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(22855409, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GLOBETROTTERCannes
<Content>Bien Bien Bien   showReview(20941901, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>BOYERNormandie
<Content>Un vrai paradis. Un h么tel o霉 l'on se sent tr猫s bien.   showReview(19872281, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ciupy
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(15729883, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vincent4789
<Content>luxe a pris convenable   showReview(13262772, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ClaMilan
<Content>Weekend Perfetto   showReview(10810869, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>paspas
<Content>agreable hotel   showReview(8827027, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	5	4	2	1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇岃壇銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19160045, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luiszuazu
<Content>great   showReview(5507056, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

