<Author>helen94
<Content>Perfect Hotel We chose this hotel because of it's location. Being a stroll away from so much of Boston's highlights and a 1 minute walk from Faneuil Hall, we hoped it would suit all our needs, being a family of 5, for our 3 days in the city..It turned out to do that and more. The biggest unplanned part of the trip was the weather. The day after our arrival we had 8 inches of snow in half a day. We may not have been ready but the hotel was. From help-yourself hot apple cider in the reception area to several people outside helping open the doors and get you through the entrance, we felt so looked after. The reception was warm, welcoming and relaxed with a lovely 'library' feel. Breakfast was excellent as was the service.With all the snow the location really paid off. We were able to go out, shop, eat and be entertained within 3 blocks of the hotel. When we had adjusted we even went to the park with cheap toboggans bought locally. and took in a movie, being able to walk back to the hotel easily. We all agreed how relaxed we felt in the Millenium. As we left to go to the airport, without us asking, the receptionist even looked up our flight for us to see if it was delayed. The small negatives are few. The room wasn't enormous, (though it took us comfortably), the views aren't great, we looked out over the market, but for a city hotel it wasn't bad. And the restaurant downstairs was still undergoing refurbishment. However the temporary one on the 2nd floor was fine. None of these small points affected our stay one bit. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CALmom51
<Content>Changed - Beware I have previously stayed at this hotel many times. It was one of my favorites. However, my recent visit was not pleasant. First off - the hotel did not mention the fact that their multi-million dollar facelift was still in process. There were wires everywhere, the entrance was blocked off and there was the smell/dust of fresh sheetrock throughout the ventilation system. In addition there was no mention of a $40.00 per day parking fee. The hotel has also gone from a traditional architecture in the heart of Faneuil Hall to a modern Asian. It doesn't seem to fit the area. The final straw was that after we left our room for dinner - a hotel employee came into our room and left the connecting room door unlocked. When we contacted the hotel manager there was not even an offer of apology. He basically asked, well what do you want me to say? This is not what I would have expected from a high end hotel to a repeat guest. I was very disappointed and will be seeking a new favorite in Boston.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LucyMassachusetts
<Content>Excellent location Stayed at the hotel with a friend to sight see Boston and do the Freedom Trail. Hotel is across the street from Faneuil Hall Market place and around the corner from some very popular pubs and eateries such as the Old Union Oyster House. It is a very short walk to the wonderful North End with all the fantastic pastry shops and Italian cusine. The hotel is being renovated but it did not disrupt our stay. The rooms are nicely appointed and the beds are the best I have ever slept on in any hotel! This is a great location to stay to see Boston. The staff was also fantastic!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GENEAD
<Content>Nice room great location Stayed at the Bostonian Oct 24 and 25th.Entrance on North St. is undergoing renovation but after being directed to the lobby we were greeted by extremely friendly front desk personnel. We were upgraded from a standard room to a superior room with a very nice bathroom with oval tub and a nice showerhead with a hand held shower wand as well. Also had an ironing board, iron, hairdryer and, unexpectedly, a one cup at a time coffee maker. However no ice machines- you have to order ice to be sent up to the rooms. Elevators were never a problem it seemed to be at our beck and call whenever we needed to go up or down. Didn't seem to be many people there though very quiet hotel. Some noise from the street but hardly heard any after 10:00pm. or so. Nice big screen tv but no on screen channel guide. After having a Time Warner interactive or even a non interactive guide I really missed seeing what was on each channel and when. Didn't spend much time in the room after going through Faneuil Hall (Pizza Regina rules)! Quincy market North End and Trolley tour with a free Harbor Cruise tour.Ate at Bertucci's (good Tortelli good pasta, pizza's looked great but didn't have any, great rolls and dipping sauce tho) first night right across from Quincy Market after drinking at the bar and it was a good meal at a reasonable price. very friendly too. Mother Anna's the next night in the North end after touring the sights on the North End and checking out all the restaurants which is easy to get to from the Hotel just walk over a block and up Hanover. A very easy and interesting walk through history and by most of the great restaurants . Bostonians like to call their city the hub of the universe and it surely is the roots of democracy here in the States. The North church as well as other churches and the Paul Revere mall with all the plaques commemorating the founding fathers and other Bostonians instrumental in routing the British and establishing our country was truely enlighting.Back to the hotel. Great bed great bedding down comforter including 5 pillows. It is nice having a room so close to everything so didn't have to carry stuff all over as we could go across the street to the room to get rid of the packages or for a quick nap before dinner and also to have a nice clean bathroom when we needed it . The flush of the toilet by the way was instantaeous- they use some kind of a power flush system. Right outside and going around the corner on weekends is the Haymarket fruits and vegetables at unbelievable prices. Parking is $40 dollars a day but I saved at least that much in not having to take a T,or taxi or parking everyday in a garage or on the street down town and after watching how close people park and how they bang their way out of the tight spots didn't have to worry about damage to my car. The location is perfect. Also I was quoted by Priceline at $215 a night for a standard room and with their guarantee of 100% refund of the difference if I found the room for a cheaper rate - found Expedia cheaper and was refunded 64.00 back so got the room for $183. That pretty much paid for parking!. All in all would go back to this hotel with its great location in a minute. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>turtleSouthFlorida
<Content>Extremely noisy I stayed here Oct 16-18, paid $400 a night for a premium room, and I could only wish I could get my money back. Friday morning at 4am the large loud truck arrived outside my room (I was on the 4th floor). It was setting up the tents, with all the clanking and banging of the metal poles that entails, for the Farmer's market that surrounds the hotel for the weekend. Then there's the unloading of all the fruits and veggies. Oh yay! That also happens on Saturday morning but not until 5am, so you can sleep in. The noise does not stop! I asked for 2 queen beds since I was rooming with a friend and got a king. The front desk said I could RENT a roll a way bed! I guess the $400 a night wasn't enough.The room itself was nice and the decor comfortable and modern. You couldn't turn the TV volume all the way down. I've had better TV at Holiday Inn. The bed was a little lumpy. The bathroom was also nice, but small. The towels were rough and small.Just a side note: I had a FedEx package delivered to the front desk. They insisted it was never delivered. After calling FedEx and getting the name of the person who signed for it, did they actually look for it.... and they finally found it. For such a small hotel, that should not have happened. The best part of the Hotel was the location. It's close to just about everything. The worst part of the Hotel was the location. The noise was unbearable.I stay in about 5 to 10 high end hotels a month and this is probably the worst experience concerning the noise I've ever had. I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	2	3	1	

<Author>DDBBUYER
<Content>NOICE..NOICE..NOICE Don't expect to sleep in at this hotel...hammers banging early in the morning...scaffolding in front of the elevator doors...only 2 availbable by the way..better ask for a view because out of our window all we saw was some piping on the top of a roof..no view at all....front desk contacted about the hammering and they commented they didn't know where it was coming from????very pricey considering the renovation going on...on a positive, the room was clean and the location was superb but would not stay there again  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	4	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>marcopoloRI
<Content>Not bad but some problems Stayed at Millenium Boston for 3 nights for training. Had not stayed in any hotel in Boston before but have travelled extensively to other major metropolitan cities in Europe and Asia. The hotel was still doing construction around the entrance to the lobby but inside the hotel the construction was pretty much done.Was put in a room on the 3rd floor very close to the elevators and a restaurant/bar. While the room was pretty spacious for a city, soundproof is something that they did not have. My first and last night there I was awakened only after being asleep for 2 hours due to some noise outside, and stayed awake until around 4am. Throughout the time I was awake I could hear the sound of the vacuum cleaner (someone must be cleaning up the restaurant upon closing), of door closing / opening of adjacent rooms as well as of the elevators. While they put a nice 40 or 42 flat screen TV in the room, It did not appear they have any digital cable service as the picture was crappy. Also the TV volume was preset and the only way you could either turn it up or down would be to call someone. I can understand them locking the volume so you cannot turn it up beyond a certain point but to turn it down??The bathroom was lovely, spacious and clean. That was probably the thing I liked the most about the hotel. They also provided good quality amenities, including a 1875W hair dryer (some places I know only provide 1500W). The shower head was really nice, it was removable and its height was adjustable.The only thing is, the shower head was located on one of the longer sides of the tub (had not seen such arrangement before).Nice area, lots of nice little places to eat and shop nearby. Short walk to downtown / financial district areas. Overall was a nice hotel but there are some areas they could have included in their renovation, such as putting better soundproof and oh btw the room could also use more lighting! Pretty dark in the room with only 1 light right by the door, 1 desk light and 2 other smaller lights on the nightstands.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Katiebird1
<Content>Lovely Rooms This hotel was undergoing renovation when we were there, but the lobby and the rooms were finished. The rooms are beautiful, and the location is great.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lovetotravelcolumbus
<Content>Don't waste your money Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights while at a conference. Note they have NO facilities for exercise contrary to their advertisements. Additionally, they could not get high speed or any speed internet into my room for my stay. They sent engineers , at most hotels they would be called maintenence men, to see if they could find the problem. They tried to connect the cable to the wall in order to get wifi, it didn;t work! Go figure. Called the desk to speak with a manager 3 times, the managers apparantly have meetings all day, none returned my calls. Note also this hotel is under construction, so expect things to be dirty. Skip the restaurants in the hotel. It however is very close to the north end where there is tons of good Italian places.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>caper2
<Content>Great Location Best location for sightseeing-convenient to everything! Hotel was under construction for renovation, but should be top notch when completed. The rooms were spacious, clean, and comfortable. Easy walking distance to most tourist places and close to the airport. Would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Boston for pleasure or business.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>LeeLeeGOP
<Content>Location, Location, Location Two 30-something couples from New York/New Jersey just returned from a trip to Boston -- and we spent two nights at the Millenium thanks to a great deal due to construction at the hotel. Even with the construction and a less-than-appealing makeshift reception desk, the stay was quite nice. The rooms were fabulous, with a gorgeous bathroom and a wonderful (but small) porch facing Fanueil Hall. Our only true knock is that on Friday and Saturdays there is a long-standing veggie market that sets up right in front of the hotel and above where our rooms were situated. Its hard to enjoy your porch overlooking the city when you are greeted with the stench of rotting vegetables and fruit. Not for the faint of smell! Other things to note -- if you don't valet, feel free to at least unload your bags on the side of the road. The valet failed to mention that to me when we came to ask where we should park. We didn't want to valet and used the lot across the street. When we came by with our large suitcases, he remembered that we could have at least unloaded. Also, make sure to let the hotel know that you are parked across the street. Although the valet told us to go there, they ended up being concerned that we could leave our car there overnight. They made a call and learned it would be ok, but I am supposing that they don't usually deal with non-valet drivers.Over all, a great trip and a great location. If you can afford the nightly cost, it's a sure bet. Just bring your nose plugs if you are staying the weekend!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>HarryfromLA
<Content>World鈥檚 Best View (if you don鈥檛 mind hammering at 6:30 AM) It鈥檚 almost unfair to be writing a review of a hotel in the middle of construction, but insofar as the Millennium Bostonian is in the game of renting their rooms out to the public, I suppose that my experience counts.Here鈥檚 what I can say about the Millennium Bostonian. For the leisure traveler who wants to be in the heart of Boston, I can鈥檛 think of a better hotel to be in. After seeing all of the lousy economic news and knowing that it meant that hoteliers would start discounting like crazy, I waited until the last minute to book a midweek room. When my 50% off rate at the Westin Waterfront still ended up being $225, I went for the Millennium, knowing from the Tripadvisor reviews that it was under construction. My $200 rate would be discounted to $150 if I made my reservation non-refundable, which I was willing to gamble on. However, I did splurge and spend an extra $30 to be on the better side of the building, and I sent a little note asking if I could get a good view of Fanueil Hall. All of this for what I presumed would be a $400/night room once the renovation was complete, and I was again willing to take a chance on the noise.That extra $30 was the best money that I spent during my trip to Boston. The room was absolutely outstanding. I was in a corner room on the 6th floor with a balcony (which was equipped with a lovely flower box) overlooking Fanueil Hall and Quincy Market, and we could see the Custom House and the Old State House as well. For my 10 year old, this couldn鈥檛 have been better. Now the noise which didn鈥檛 bother me was the music, drum circles and general hubbub from the streets below, and that pretty much died out by 10 pm. The location was ideal in another way because you are so centrally located to everything in Boston, particularly because you can walk to any of three different subway lines.We were also in one of the newly renovated rooms which were very nice. I would describe them as boutique hotel contemporary. Not way out there, but tasteful and refined. What I liked were the bigger-than-it-had-to-be-but-I鈥檓-not-complaining flat screen TV, the comfortable bed and sheets and the seating furniture in general. The clock radio had an i-pod hook-up as well. One disappointment was the $9.95 that they wanted for wi-fi access. The highlight of the room, however, was the bathroom. I give the shower an A+; it鈥檚 one of the nicest I鈥檝e used anywhere. My son who rarely takes showers actually took two in eight hours. The limestone tile and oversized shower area gave it a luxe feel, but the kicker was the Grohe hardware 鈥?a combination raintree showerhead with a separate hand washer. It took a little while for the water to heat up, but that鈥檚 probably because of the low occupancy. Other than the shower, the bathroom was a bit small, and they could鈥檝e actually claimed some room where they have a closet so that there would be a place to put my toiletries down. As it stood, the sink was the width of the room so my bag went onto the floor. Another amusing part of the room was the toilet which had a suction so violently strong that it could probably take off a limb. Finally, they had these frosted glass sliding doors separating the bathroom from the bedroom, probably to make the bathroom seem bigger, but they鈥檙e tough to keep clean so you see all the spots.I didn鈥檛 mind the lack of a lobby or the fourth floor check-in. The areas which are being redone certainly needed it to get rid of the last vestiges of the motor lodge/rounded-high gloss-dorm room wood aesthetic. We didn鈥檛 try the restaurant since there were so many better options around. I didn鈥檛 really ask much of the hotel since that鈥檚 not why I was in Boston, but the service level seemed serviceable enough.Which takes me to the noise. I knew there would be noise, I鈥檓 someone who prefers a fan when they sleep because the noise puts me to sleep, but I have to say that I know of many other hotels that tell their contractors to not start until 8 AM when many guests could be sleeping, particularly those from the west coast who can鈥檛 fall asleep until 2 AM. I wouldn鈥檛 complain if the contractors worked until 8 or 9 PM because most people are out enjoying the city, but starting the hammering at 6:30 AM seems pretty ridiculous. So I was awakened by this huge vibration vaguely reminiscent of the 5.4 earthquake that we just had in Los Angeles, followed by incessant hammering, and not the loud whacks that my next door neighbor鈥檚 contractor back home uses at 7 AM to frame their McMansion. No, this was more of a 鈥渢ap tap tap tap tap tap鈥?with a 10 second to 2 minute delay, then more of the same, ad nauseum. Then housingkeeping came by at 8:13 AM, by which time the hammering was perfectly acceptable, in my book, other than the fact that my son was still asleep, but fortunately the paper thin doors tipped me off and I opened the door just before the housekeeper knocked. What kind of housekeeping person comes by that early? In any event, it allowed me to see that the contractor had ripped open the ceiling a few feet outside our room. I said 鈥淕ood Morning鈥?to the tapper, and he tapped right back at me. In the end, tapping or no tapping, I would definitely stay at the Millennium again because the positives definitely outweigh the negatives. What I will say is that that I wouldn鈥檛 take my wife during construction because I know she would be furious based on how she feels when the contractor next door gets a little over eager at 6:53. Also, I wonder what happens to the Millennium when the new Ames hotel which I can also see from my window opens up (Ames, of the Hudson/NY, Mondrian/LA uber-swank fame). But for me to be in the heart of Boston with everything at my fingertips, the Millennium is near perfect.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Torontotraveller13
<Content>Fantastic stay at the Bostonian!!! our stay was absolutely fantastic. the concierge marianne was incredible! the rooms were beautiful and while the building was under construction, the staff did everything they could do make our stay wonderful - including putting us in rooms far from the work being done. ed the gm was awesome as well. and a great location!! stay here if you can!!!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JustTheTwoOfUs2010
<Content>Great Room Yes, this hotel is under construction. The lobby, as such is non-existent. However, we were greeted outside by the concierge and our bags we taken directly to our room. Our room was newly renovated and out of the construction area. We were initially concerned since we could see the Hard Rock caf茅 from our window, but this proved to cause no problem. We slept wonderfully, the king-size bed was a dream and there was no noise. The bathroom was great. The shower was of the rain shower variety 鈥?soft but with plenty of water (soft water too). Hotel food, typically, was very expensive, but being close to Faneuil Hall (or as a Boston cabbie answered when asked how to pronounce it 鈥?鈥淨unizy Mahket鈥?, there were plenty of less expensive food options. Other worthy of mentions; the robes were great, large flat screen TV, impressive massive furniture, big clean rooms. We also asked for a late check out which the desk staff had no problem in giving. Would I stay here again 鈥?absolutely!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>phillyshell
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Fantastic Staff, Great Location After a recent stay at this hotel I felt it was my responsibility to express my complete and utter satisfaction. Having frequented various hotels nationwide, I can honestly say that the service and hospitality at the Millennium Bostonian far surpasses anywhere I have ever been. The entire personel was cordial, gracious and eager to oblige. Valerie and Andrew of the hotel staff went above and beyond to personally ensure our comfort. I have never before written a review and only the exceptional service and beautiful accommodations have prompted me to do so. The rooms were beautifully furnished and pristine with amazing balcony views overlooking Fanueil Hall/The Market Place. If ever I am in Boston again, I will look no further then the Millennium Bostonian. This hotel experience only enhanced a wonderful trip to a wonderful city.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>twosoups
<Content>never again Walked in, no reservations on a Wed night. We were not planning to spend the night in Boston but were exhausted at 10pm after a long day of sightseeing and decided to get a room. We were a bit bedraggled from a long day of touring in 95* heat. We had no luggage and were carrying a bottle of wine not finished from dinner. We probably looked a little scary  rough but were politely escorted to the side door in an alley because of lobby construction. We were turned down immediately upon asking if a room was available. We were told they are busier on a weeknight than on the week-ends (huh?). The front desk clerk began listing hotels that had availability along with the prices of the rooms. When we said price was not an issue, he continued to quote prices. We politely thanked him and left, vowing to never try this hotel or any Millenium properties again. Checked their website the next day - rooms were available.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>1	3	-1	4	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>sanvanoak
<Content>Excellent service       view from balcony  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>frequenttraveler0338
<Content>Stay Somewhere Else Hotel is under renovation and it is an absolute mess. It's noisy and the whole place is boarded up with plywood. I was horrified by the sight of the place -- I've seen many hotel remodels, this is definitely the worst.The front desk staff is rude - wow, the service was bad. When I expressed my dissatisfaction, one lady - tall w/ grey hair, had the nerve to laugh in my face. The only thing this hotel has going for it is location - do yourself a favor and stay somewhere comfortable with friendly staff who care about the customer experience. Millenium certainly doesn't -- I tried to call their Corporate Offices to tell them about my experience and they let all the calls go to a general voicemail box with no access to a live human.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>moneyaware
<Content>very pleasant surprise!!! Having read and reread all the reviews for the hotels in this area, I really wanted to stay in the hilton having stayed there before. I left if too late to book and so the only one I could get was this one (within my price range).On arrival I got a fright as the lobby was all under construction and I thought that I was in for a noisy time of it. Reception staff were fantastic, friendly polite and kind. As it was only 11am i asked could we store our luggage but instead they found a room that was ready would we be ok on the 7th floor?? Were we what!!!!! What a beautiful room and bathroom with a balcony overlooking the north end, newly done up with a huge plasma tv, huge room with two beds also, lots of clothes space and a little cranny to put our bags into so they wouldn't take up floor space. Will try and post some photos later. Our whole experience was fantastic and the staff were all brilliant. Will never stay in the hilton again.ma  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>byuby5
<Content>What a dump !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is a Motel 6 in a good location. Wallpaper coming off the walls. Dirty carpet, dusty curtins. Spider webs, Motel 6 beds, nice view of a brick wall, dark and a manager on duty Shawn must have just started working in the hotel business a week ago. All this a a four star price. Yes Boston is a great city you can do much better for the same price. If I could tell you something good about this hotel I would.YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>HakuMegan
<Content>I love Boston Was at a great location. Boston is such a nice city, hard to find a bad spot. Front Desk girl was nice and able to help us with directions and show tickets.Rooms were clean and had nice view of city. Beds were comfortable as well. Was a very good value.Looking forward to going back.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mikar85
<Content>not a bad hotel... Recently stay @ Millennium. Upon seeing our room, it was not what I had a reservation for, and the front desk was more than accommodating - even putting the 4 of us in a suite at no extra charge!Lana, the concierge, was fabulous! Very knowledgeable and her dinner suggestions were spot on! Having her services was a distinct advantage!The hotel is being renovated, though it was not disturbing at all.The restaurant was average, at best, and service was a little slow.Location is great - across the street from Faneuil Hall and minutes to walk to The Garden, The North End, and a T stop at Government Center. We found it a bit noisy at night (late night), especially on the weekend-many bars are in the area.But all in all, and ok hotel. And by Boston prices, reasonably affordable.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>purpleknif67
<Content>Great location, great room, excellent customer service One has to take into account that Boston hotel rooms are typically smaller than most American hotel rooms. Pretend you're in Europe and you'll be fine. I was traveling solo so it wasn't too difficult. I stayed in room #536. My room was small but by far one of the most interesting I have stayed in--upon entering the room, there is a mini-bar with numerous snacks and beverages (I didn't use them). A couple of steps down you enter the main area--to the left was a small hallway with a safe, an ironing board and two fluffy bathrobes. There was also a separate sink/vanity and then the bathroom. I was rather disappointed that I didn't get one of the hotel's mini-round tubs, (like I have before) but the bathroom was excellently stocked with plenty of useful toiletries and fluffy, fresh, clean towels. I had a fabulous view of Faneuil Hall at night. Interesting skylight windows. I felt I was in a loft. By far, the best thing about my stay was how accommodating and professional the staff was. I had no car, and arrived at the hotel at 10am, expecting to drop off my baggage and check back later to see if there was a room available. I was really surprised when the front desk person told me that she had a room available for both me and my friend, on the same floor, just down the hall. It was nice to be able to drop my stuff off, clean up a bit and get going for the day. The only complaint was the ridiculous amount I had to pay for a phone call that lasted less than three minutes. (I had misplaced my cell phone). But I don't think the price was any different than any other hotel. The hotel is in the middle of renovating and I'm expecting great things. While I'm looking forward to the construction upgrades, I appreciate the great customer service always get when I stay here!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>whatkatydidnext
<Content>Comfortable        Our Bedroom  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SKS2008
<Content>Great location but awful hotel My husband and I planned to stay at the Bostonian for 4 nights during Christmas. We booked this hotel based on their website photos and after reading some reviews. Most of the reviews were favorable so we went ahead and booked the hotel. Since we were flying into Boston during winter, I called ahead to the hotel and let them know that we would be coming in late. Our flight was delayed and we arrived at 3 am at the hotel. We were greeted by a friendly valet but the front desk person was rude and stated that he was not expecting anyone to check in althought we had a guaranteed reservation and had called ahead to let them know of our late arrival. We were finally checked in after some discussion and our superior room was on the second floor looking down into the common areas (loung and hallways). The room was small and very outdated with worn, dirty carpets. When I called to ask about another room, I was told that this was one of their better rooms. After two days, my husband and I checked out and moved to the Hyatt at Boston Common. Although the Bostonian is in a great location, there are much better hotels in downtown and Boston is small enough that everything is within a 15 minute walk. So don't bother with the Bostonian for its location.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>FraminghamBill
<Content>What a location! My husband and I wanted to get away for a night to shake off cabin-fever. At the last minute, I cruised the web and found that the Millenium had a room that night for $130! The hotel is right across the street from Quincy Market/Fanueil Hall and just a short walk to the North End (Italian area). We could even see Haymarket, where vendors of vegies, fruits, assorted cheeses and such, gather outside Friday-Sunday. The prices are a steal for you bargain hunters. Pomegranates for 50 cents!The hotel is hard to find from the outside, a pretty non-descript brick building. You drive into an enclosed rotary at the main entrance to check in and to valet your car if you want. We did. This convenience costs $40 for overnight parking till 2PM the following day. We ended up leaving the car till about 5PM the next day for an extra $12. We just didn't want to deal with parking. But, if you want to save some money, you can try other parking nearby. It will not be cheap, by any means, but it will be less expensive than leaving your car with the hotel. Or you can take the train to the hotel and ditch the car altogether. Boston, especially this area, is a walking city.The lobby was very tasteful and mellow, the four star rating showed. There was a concierge immediately available. The front desk was a place you could sit at, very nice. The employees, including the valets, were very courteous and friendly. They really added to the stay. There's a nice bar, with a special martini of the week. We peeked into the restaurant but didn't eat there. The North End called to us.I have read that the rooms vary a lot. Ours showed its age, particularly in the rug, but the furniture, drapes and such were of good quality and everything worked. There was a large floor to ceiling window. Ours was a handicapped room by chance. So there was the occasional mark on the wall from a wheel chair, nothing more. The bed was low, nice to see since it amazes me how many handicapped rooms have beds so high that it would be very difficult for a person in a wheel chair to get into bed. Everything a traveler needs was there, an easy outlet for your laptop, a safe, an extra pillow, a robe. Most surprising was that the tap water was delicious! We never drink hotel water, but always try it. This water was great! It was ice cold and nicely aerated, really a treat. Free, drinkable water! In the bath, there was a walk-in shower, a heat lamp, good brand toiletries, and very absorbent towels. I have long hair so I notice the towels. I didn't have to use the hairdryer.In the bedroom, there was a love seat with a coffee table, a desk, an entertainment center with drawers and a mini bar with snacks and drinks. The bed was just okay comfortable, but the sheets didn't set off my allergies, nice for a change. They must have been rinsed well. There were only two things I would change. The television was too old to have a video jack to plug our iPOD Touch into to watch movies. I know I am being picky, but we were looking forward to using the Touch, a Christmas present. The mini bar snacks were boring. Mostly just stuff that you could pick up at a convenience store. If there had been more upscale chocolate, like Godiva or Maine Cottage Foods, I would have sprung for the $4, but for Hersheys and MM's, no way. A four star hotel with 1 star mini bar. In the end, we are really happy to have found this hotel. Just for the chance to stay in a great location at this price in Boston is excellent. The hotel appointments and wonderful staff make it a steal. We will be going back when cabin fever strikes again, would recommend it to friends, and will probably try one of the better rooms if they are available.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>intrepid411
<Content>Great Location, Friendly Straff, Nice Hotel My wife and I stayed there on 12/29 - 12/31. The staff was excellent, the place clean, great location directly across from Faneuil Hall. Took the T into Haymarket station (just around the corner) rather than pay the $40 /night parking. Would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>capecodphotog
<Content>Wants to be a better hotel.... Thought this hotel would be a little nicer than it was. Very noisy from bar area and upstairs function room. Thought it could be a bit cleaner. The greatest location to Quincy Market. Overpriced parking and overpriced beverages in the bar. Probably would not stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baxwelll
<Content>Price and location Two words - price and location. Now I know, some people who don't want to be known as tourist will dispute me on location (it is in the toursity part of town), but hey, I was there as a tourist, so it was great! Plus, T stations nearby allow you to be in Cambridge, the Art Musuem, or anywhere else you want to go in minutes, so at the price this place was being offered for on hotwire ($100-$120/night), there is no better value in the city. Rooms are really nothing special (does not feel like a luxury hotel), but were clean, and again, I cannot stress its location to the Freedom Trail, Faneuil Hall, the Aquarium, etc. They are all right outside you door.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>cherry2
<Content>excellent staff we have just returned from another wonderful stay at the bostonian.this hotel is in a great location and the staff cannot do enough for their guests.decor is a little dated but the rooms are spotless and the location out weighs the decor.will be returning again.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>globetrotterfirst
<Content>Not worth the money If you want to be near the Quincy action and aged under 30 this might be for you. We had a room facing the market and Faneuil but it was very average and extremely noisy at night. Also the price of this hotel is way above the value you get. Breakfast was poor and cramped and there is no suitable evening dining facility that you would want to enjoy. The only excellent thing about this hotel was the concierge who was professional and did all she could to help  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>GeoBob
<Content>Nice location but not worth the price This property has potential, but is in bad need of a remodel. The common areas are nice. The service was good. But the rooms are worn out. Furniture, carpets and fixtures are in dire need of an upgrade for this to be considered 4 star hotel. Watch out for the hidden costs. Parking is $40.00! Hotel is only 7 stories, so don't expect a view.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>LindaDallas
<Content>Disappointed Check staff were helpful with restaurant recommendations.The room was disappointing for the price. Two of the four lights didn't work. The bellman said he would get them fixed, but that didn't come to pass. The dim lighting did, however, somewhat hide the dirty carpet and peeling wallpaper. A travel companion had a remodeled room that was very nice.I would recommend requesting a remodeled room or bring a flashlight.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shins
<Content>Good Hotel We booked this hotel in early 2007 and were quite worried about the wide ranging reviews that we read on Trip Advisor throughout the summer. We stayed at this hotel for four nights in October and were very happy withour stay. We arrived at the hotel at 12.00 noon and were checked in straight away. Staff very friendly. We had booked a superior room and we were very happy with it- yes the carpets, furniture etc. could do with a refurb as could the bed covers, but otherwise the room and bathroom were spotlessly clean. This hotel is all about location - it is located across from Quincy Market and within easy walking distance of all the attractions, restaurants, pubs etc. Great stay.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Laurelita42
<Content>A Worthwhile Visit My boyfriend and I stayed at the Millennium Bostonian on October 15th. I'd like to preface my review by letting it be known that I work at a nice hotel as a Front Desk supervisor, and have some idea of how things on this level should run. We were impressed as soon as we arrived at the hotel- there were more than enough valets on staff, so checking the car in was a breeze- we waited no more than 10 seconds before we were being helped. Check-in itself was very smooth. I had seen a few mentions about the Front Desk being two small desks, and was curious as to how that would work out. I thought it ended up being a very nice setup, it was pleasant to be able to sit rather than stand in line during check-in, and the gentleman working the desk was very polite and helpful. We had room 631, which had a small balcony overlooking the front of the hotel. I thought it was a lovely room. There were some small signs of wear and tear, carpet had a few small marks on it, as did the curtains, but it didn't bother me at all. I have a great deal of sympathy for hotels, because I know how hard it is to keep them immaculate with a constant flow of (sometimes destructive) guests coming through. There was a large basket of snacks in the room for us, and turndown service was very nice and prompt. The location absolutely cannot be beat, we were right across from Quincy Market and had a great time walking around the city- everything was so close! The concierge that I spoke to on the 15th (a nice older lady) was so helpful in showing me where things were on the walking map- I had no trouble finding everything I needed to as I walked. I had booked the hotel with a small amount of trepidation because it was quite expensive for us (we are younger than most of the crowd I saw there, in our mid 20's) and I was worried we would stand out or get treated differently due to age, but the entire staff was excellent. I would absolutely come back to this hotel- it was quite pricey, but everything in Boston is going to be. I'd be much more inclined to return during the winter season when the rates are a bit lower- as I'd book for 2 nights and would be able to do more in the city. All in all, a lovely experience.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaggieMae45
<Content>Dingy and disappointing The selling point for this hotel is that the location is great accessing many Boston landmarks (Quincy Market, Waterfront, North End). The rooms are spacious, but in need of major renovation. The carpets were dingy and stained and the bedding looked severely out of date. The bathroom has a sliding pocket door, which was weird. The furniture in general looked worn and dated. Hallways were depressing and dark. I won't stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	3	1	

<Author>NYtraveler62
<Content>Great location  We chose the Millenium based on location, and it couldn't have been any better: Faneuil Hall  Quincy Market literally across the street, T stop 2 blocks away, North End 5 mins' walk away, and a slew of pubs and restaurants within a block. The concierge was extremely helpful, and we stored 10 bags with the very cheerful bell desk on the last day so we could check out but spend a full day In Boston. We booked a package that included breakfast for 5 every day (including tax  gratuity, so worth $50-60 a day to us); the buffet breakfast was excellent and the staff very good. We had booked two rooms and requested that they be adjacent, as well as a rollaway bed, and all were accommodated with no fuss.Now the downside: the hotel room is nowhere near what you would hope to get when paying $300+ a night. The bathroom doors are like shutters and have no locks, so there is no privacy. The bed in our room had a rock-hard mattress that sloped in the middle. The bed in our kids' room was better, but less than the quality of a Marriott Courtyard or Hilton Garden Inn. Towels are a mixed bag, and the beds have vellux blankets rather than the fluffy comforter you'd expect from a hotel at this price. There is a $40/night charge to park your car.If I came to Boston again with my family, I might stay here again, but only after carefully considering whether the location outweighed the discomfort of the bed and the very steep price. If they do the renovation that someone else mentioned and I were able to get a good night's sleep rather than tossing and turning all night, I'd definitely strongly consider it.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Peascoot
<Content>Location is great, but wouldn't stay there again. I stayed for two nights. The bottom line is that the location is great, and that's basically what you pay for. The front desk service people were very nice and hospitable. The front desk is just that. There are two office-sized desks with two humans sitting at them. The hotel's location is fabulous, but I was not impressed with the room. My original room was a balcony room that was beautifully decorated and had a bidet. I rarely see bidets in the U.S. I switched from this room because it had two small beds and asked to be switched to a room with a queen or king bed. I ended up staying in a room without a balcony. The room decor is pretty - very New England, however, the carpet was stained. The shower was very large but I kept worrying that water was going to spill out onto the bathroom floor. Water pressure in the shower was terrible! I didn't like the bed. It was very soft and mushy. The restaurant is very high priced. I ate across the street at Quincy Market, which is very reasonable with food prices. No ice or vending machines. If you want ice, you contact room service. This seemed inconvenient to me. The t.v. had this weird thing going on. The sound was out of sync with the mouths of the people. I didn't bother asking to get it fixed and instead learned to read lips. The final odd thing was that I put the do not disturb sign on the door after my first night. When I arrived back at the hotel later that evening, the sign was gone and my room had been cleaned. I specifically didn't want housekeeping in the room. I didn't complain about this but was annoyed.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Nancy875_123
<Content>Location that cannot be beat We stayed at the Bostonian Sept. 13-Sept. 16, 2007. The hotel is in need of renovation, which according to signs inside the hotel, will commence in early 2008. I, however, am willing to overlook some stained carpet and outdated decor for an absolutely outstanding location. Being across the street from Fanueil Hall and Quincy Market, on the doorstep of the North End and dozens of great italian restaurants, a five-minute walk to the waterfront and aquarium are more important to me than high-end design. The staff was very friendly. I called housekeeping twice (once for a pair of scissors and once from more decaf coffee) and both times there was a knock at our door in less than 5 minutes. Our room would not win any awards for high style, but it was large and clean. When this place is renovated, it will be THE place to stay in Boston.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>FamilyTraveler147
<Content>Excellent Choice for what we wanted We went to Boston to see history and a great town. My wife and I have been to Boston several times before but this was the first time with our 9 year old. Millennium fit exactly what we wanted. Walk the Freedom Trail, take the Duck Tour, see all the historical aspects of Boston - this is a great location to do it all. The service was fantastic - late night check in, early morning help, cleaning staff - consistently nice, helpful and fast. The cookies next to the front desk helped whenever there was a short delay. We were able to book a last minute table at a high end restaurant through the front desk when no tables were available. The room was a bit tired, though it was kept nice and clean with supplies refreshed, but then were not there for a dramatic/romantic room, just sleep then off to the next adventure. I'd avoid the fixed price breakfast, the variety is nice, but it's a bit expensive. Overall I'd recommend the Millennium to any one who is going to Boston to do what we did.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DianeLondon
<Content>A Lesson in Customer Service is Recommended Flew into Boston on Thursday, August 15, 2007, en route to Nantucket when we were advised the flights to Nantucket were cancelled due to fog. Contacted this hotel and arranged a reservation over the phone that was confirmed with my credit card. Upon arrival at the hotel, we were advised in the rudest manner that we were at the wrong hotel, which was not the case. Too bad, they could not, nor would they help us, despite having a reservation number. Not having a room when a reservation has been made, happens. But the manner in which we were treated, the absolute disdain and refusal to provide assistance was shocking from the front desk staff at this hotel. Fortunately, the Westin were only too happy to accomodate us and delighted to assist us. This hotel offers a great location, but their staff should take a graduate course in customer service and courtesy.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Snoopy'sMom
<Content>In need of renovation! Yes, the location is great for tourists but in the same general area is the Marriott Longwharf which is far superior.The room wasn't as clean as I'd like, the carpets were indeed stained, the curtains dirty and the air conditioning unit was in need of repair as it's sputtering all night kept me awake. I didn't order room service food or eat in the restaurant for fear that the lack of cleanliness extended to the kitchen, but I did order a class of wine which set me back 22.00. Mind you, that was the least expensive wine on the list.I come to Boston every 8 weeks for business and will never stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	2	2	

<Author>boncelondon
<Content>Loved it       Room  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>cshillingford
<Content>Outstanding Location My husband and I stayed at the Millennium Bostonian for 5 nights for our anniversary at the end of July. As most reviews have expressed, I was getting weary about my hotel choice but hoped for the best. Check-in was effortless and our room was definitely not a Motel 6 and definitely not luxury as the brochure states (I'd say it was more like a nice Hampton Inn). We booked our trip on Priceline and didn't pay a luxury price so I was not disappointed in the least. This was our first trip to Boston and the hotel couldn't have been in a better location. It really is central to everything you would want to see and do. Most definitely take the metro train system (which is located about 2 blocks from the hotel) as it is by far the easiest way to get around Boston including getting to Cambridge and Fenway Park. We did not eat or drink at the hotel as the prices were quite high and there are too many other places that have real character. We spent a lot of time in the North End and had a fabulous meal at Villa Francesca. The waterfront is about 2 blocks away with great restaurants, parks and views of the harbor (take a sunset cruise). Quincy Market and Faneuil Hall are located directly across the street (shop and eat till you drop) and the Old Union Oyster House is right around the corner. If you like beer, the Samuel Adams brewery tour is a must as well as a pub crawl through Cambridge. Harvard Square is gorgeous and has some of the best pubs and food in the area. Do the Fenway Park tour (and catch a game if you can find tickets, we found some on-line) as the Green Monster might not be there forever. If you are into history, a guided tour of the Freedom Trail is a must. We only took a cab to and from the airport as everything is accessible by walking or by the metro. Overall, the hotel was in a perfect location, the concierge is extremely helpful, the accommodations were more than adequate (the bed is extremely comfortable), we did not have any problems with the noise level in or around the hotel and, if we do go back to Boston, we'll most definitely stay at this hotel but will only be booking through a discount hotel website. Enjoy your trip, we certainly did!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	2	

<Author>rplove5662
<Content>Great location! The Bostonian was in an excellent location to see Fanueil Hall, Quincy Market, the North End, and the Freedom Trail. Our room was quiet and slightly smaller than what we're used to, but fit our needs fine. The lobby area was nice, and there was a wonderful bar and restaurant. We didn't eat at the restaurant due to budget constraints, but it is great to have that convenience if needed. McDonalds was on the corner, as well as the Union Oyster Co., and several other eateries/bars. The staff were very helpful. We did miss having an ice machine at our convenience and had to call and ask for it when desired. There was also a nice mini bar in the room, however, again not necessary as it was out of our budget. I would recommend for anyone desiring a convenient and comfortable hotel in downtown Boston.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	4	2	

<Author>CruisingAgain
<Content>Exceeded my expectations! Will go back there. After reading many negative reviews of this hotel, I did not expect much. Well- I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was clean, the staff efficient and very helpful with directions and tickets, etc. There was a small stain in the carpet, but nothing major. The caution about the water temperature in the showers is warranted. They are very hard to adjust. We arrived at 10:00 a.m. and a room was available for us. The room had a queen bed and locking refrigerator stocked with liquors and beverages available for purchase. We chose to buy our own bottled water and refrigerate it. The location is the BEST. I traveled with my college age daughter and went out during the day and evening feeling completely safe in the neighborhood. There is a market set up outside of the hotel to purchase fresh fruits and vegetables daily. There is also a Dunkin Donuts next door for coffee fans like myself. We did not have our meals in the hotel since there are so many fine establishments to try in the area. I will stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>croenenberg
<Content>Fine room, very good service, wonderful location. I was at the Millennium Bostonian for two nights, travelling alone. The location is fantastic: restaurants and taverns galore are steps away, the downtown financial district and many historic sights are likewise an easy walk, and there's easy access to the subway. (I took the subway to the airport--I was checking in at the airport about 40 minutes after I closed the door on my hotel room.) The many food stalls in the Fanueil Hall complex across the street make it comfortable to grab a bite of something tasty in the afternoon or evening. The room was clean and spacious, with an enormous bathtub, a good value for the price, especially given the location. I was on the 7th floor. My room did not have a little balcony, but the floor had something better: a spacious funished outdoor deck where one can comfortably take in the view, read the paper, or snooze. The hotel staff were uniformly pleasant and helpful. Breakfast in the hotel atrium was also excellent, with good table service, though it was a bit over-priced at $25. Overall, a fine hotel experience, a delightful Boston experience, and an easy place to recommend.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tsp302
<Content>Friendly, great location, great deal We got a great price for priceline for 2 nights, and were thrilled with the hotel. The location is great, the staff is friendly, the rooms are comfortable and spacious. We don't travel often, and don't usually splurge for a fantastic hotel, but this was the best of both worlds--a great price on priceline and a beautiful location that couldn't be beat. We asked for a room that didn't face Faneuil Hall, because we had heard that it could get noisy. We didn't have the (tiny) balcony, and neither did we have a good view of anything, but the room was quiet. I highly recommend it and would gladly go back again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>AKreuger
<Content>A gem...an absolute gem I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Despite all of the negative posts it turned out to be a delightful place. I am not sure why everyone is so fussy about the somewhat outdated rooms, they were clean and unique and the location could not be beat. I do not like staying in chain hotels...they are boring and very antiseptic. While here, the staff was over the top friendly and professional. I felt safe as a woman alone and my room was so funky cool. No, it is not the Marriott or Hilton...THANK GOODNESS Any problems were quickly handled and they were minor. I made my way around town from the hotel and found it to be the best of locations. Others attending the BIO convention complained about their hotels...some four star and yet mine was perfect. The one's who complained...perhaps it makes them feel better...a bit of snobbery? For there certainly seemed to be a lot of rather wealthy folks staying at the hotel, if one could judge by the mercedes and bentleys parked in the drive and the manner of dress. I think if you like personal attention and a more european atmosphere, then this is your spot. If you like McDonalds and the same thing you have at home...then perhaps not. Thank you all who made my stay so nice. I was so nervous about the negative reviews I even emailed the corporate headquarters with my fears...they answered as did the hotel mgr within 24 hours...that set the tone for the entire trip. Never promised me anything except a nice stay and that is what I got.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Evelyn037
<Content>Location, location, location.. In a nutshell, fantastic location across from Faneuil Hall! In addition, it is just one block from the North End (Little Italy) which is loaded with Italian restaurants, pastry shops, Gelato, and historic sights such as the Paul Revere house and the Old North Church on the Freedom Trail. The parking is valet style but very efficient and fast. You are given a number to call and they bring your vehicle within 5 minutes. Parking costs $40.00 but it is unlimited in and out. Frankly, everything is within walking distance, even the MBTA station at Government Center so we only used our car once. Rooms are clean and bright and the staff is very friendly.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Angelinas74
<Content>This is a four star hotel?? Thank goodness I got a good deal on Priceline. This was supposed to be a 4-star hotel but there was nothing luxurious about it. The pictures posted on their web site are from 1972 perhaps? The carpet was old and mismatched in places, rooms were dank and nothing special. That being said, the location could not be beat. Walking distance to everything. On a side note, I left an item in my room and called only a few hours later from the airport to have the item mailed to my home. Phone rang 15 times before someone answered, then I was transferred to a Lost and Found voicemail where I had to leave a message. I'm still waiting for someone to call me back... Hello? I'd like my IPod charger back please....  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	1	5	4	-1	

<Author>jmd4w
<Content>Inexcusably Incompetent - Do not stay there We made a reservation for a special occasion through the hotel鈥檚 website. We paid a lot extra for a room with a view of Quincy Market. Really, this was the only reason we staid at this hotel instead of the many nicer ones in Boston for that price. When we showed up, they didn鈥檛 have our reservation in their system which we had made through their own site. We had to pay for internet use in their lobby to print out a copy of the reservation. After waiting in a long line again, we showed them that we had a reservation for that night and gave them the reference number. They said their system didn鈥檛 have it and that sometimes their own webpage doesn鈥檛 talk to the same reservation system that they use. Of course, they didn鈥檛 have the room with a view of Faneuil Hall that we reserved available and put us in a really poor room at the other end of the hotel. We told them that the only reason we were staying there was to have the room with the view. After complaining, the lady at the desk said that she wouldn鈥檛 charge us the rate for the room we reserved but would give us the rate for the cheaper room they put us in. You would think that would go without saying. Finally she agreed to give us a free breakfast pass.The room was nothing special. We had to take an elevator and then wander through a long hallway to another small elevator to get there. There was no view. There were extremely loud noises coming from the rooms around us. I believe there was some post wedding partying going on until 2 or 3. The breakfast showed up two hours earlier than we had scheduled it so I had a bite or two and went back to bed.If we were staying there on business, it would be okay. But if you are counting on it for a special occasion or nice vacation, you really can鈥檛 rely on them.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>baswitzer
<Content>Great location but a little drab Arrived at the hotel after a long flight from Australia and found the hotel to be in an excellent location across from Quincy Market. Like other reviewers, we found the rooms to be a little drab with the carpet looking well worn and the decor was certainly behind the times (for what was supposed to be a luxury hotel). Generally we enjoyed our stay but for some reason during our stay our room key was deactivated and when we went to complain to the front desk they did not seem to be care too much which was a bit of a shame.The Hotel is relying on its location to get by but with a few upgrades around the place it would be a first class establishment.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>PK-TX
<Content>Return to the 80's! As others have stated, the location of this hotel is great for doing the Freedom Trail and going to the North End. However, after that is done (1 day) you are in the middle of touristville with little to no character. The hotel looks nicer from outside rather than inside. The decor was very antiquated and 80's with heat lamps, old type grey 80's telephones, light wood paneled doors...There were 3 power strips on the floor and tons of excess cable sloppily wrapped up under the desk. I don't think the carpet had been steam cleaned since 1989. For the good points, some rooms have little mini-balconies, Fanueil Hall is right outside your door, and the North End is a few blocks away. I agree with another reviewer who stated that Priceline has become the dumping ground of former high ranking hotels that have fallen out of favor or have not kept up with the times.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Silverbell
<Content>Agree with other reviews Before choosing this hotel, I read the reviews here on Trip Advisor, and when staying at this hotel I found the reviews to be accurate. The fantastic location of the hotel is its best point. I wouldn't want to stay anywhere else in Boston! The staff was also reasonably pleasant.It is a little drab for a supposedly luxury hotel. The carpet in my room didn't look very clean and the wall looked scuffed. One of my pillowcases was stained. Otherwise the room was large and comfortable.I was sorry to find that the bathroom door did not have a lock - instead it had a sliding door like a closet door. And the lighting in the room was inadequate. It was difficult to read by the little light provided.Some reviewers have complained about ice not being available, but ice buckets were brought to my room every night except the first and last night of my stay. I would have preferred to receive ice every night.I ordered room service once and the food was pretty good. There was a coffeemaker in the room, as well as an iron, a hair dryer, a safe, a daily newspaper, and bottled water. I appreciated all of this very much.Overall this hotel did not quite match my expectations for such an expensive hotel, but it was a pleasant and comfortable place to stay. I liked the staff and the low-key lobby, and I didn't feel out of place even in blue jeans. I think the price of the hotel is justified by its great location and pleasant atmosphere, and I would go back again.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>jamsie65
<Content>Well recommended A lovely hotel, very sharp, very modern. Very good service. Felt like royalty on arrival. The room was 110 USD. It was very comfy with a sofa, big TV screen, double bed with majestic cushions, 2 bathrooms with lights dimmed for extra pleasure. The breakfast was a bit pricey, though, so i ended up ordering the cheapest fare on offer - egg with toast. I have to say both items were the best i've ever tasted. The location of the hotel is superb - right beside Quincy Market. The staff are very friendly too - a breathe of fresh air from rude New Yorkers.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Wollace
<Content>A bit on the dumpy side I've stayed at the Millenium Bostonian twice in the past couple of years through Priceline which advertises it as a 4 star. Priceline nowadays is an outlet for distressed hotel rooms so it should be no surprise that this hotel is a bit shabby. Why they insist on not replacing the carpet years after it has decayed and started to smell is beyond me. Also, there is a fair amount of noise that enters the rooms from pipes, toilets, etc. Otherwise the location is great and the staff accomodating.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bethpen
<Content>Needs an upgrade! My Mom, sister and I stayed here with our three kids. Upon arrival, only one of our rooms was available. We waited three hours, to find the second room had to have had a toilet overflow...STINKY! We refused to stay in that room so they upgraded us to a suite and a smaller room. Our smaller room's lock was not working, so we kept having to have them come in and let us in. (it happened a lot with the kids going from room to room). The staff did their best, but the hotel is a bit shabby...Our shower controls were installed improperly, so it took a little while to find the hot water. (we had to point the control to COLD). Dumb stuff, but it did grate on our nerves a bit. We loved the bellmen and valets, they couldn't have been more helpful. Wireless internet would have been nice. You had to pay for TV internet, we didn't use it. Our rooms were above the bar downstairs, it was pretty loud last night until about 10:30-11. The funny thing is, I had a bad experience here in '91, and wrote my first nastygram to a hotel. (the comped me another visit) Since that time I have written one other complain letter (to VW), so I'm not really a whiner... If they do some renovations, I'd give them another shot, but for now, they're off the list. I think the staff was great given what they had to work with.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>sldkjf
<Content>Great location and hotel! This hotel was in the perfect location for exploring Boston. The staff was very friendly on arrival and checkin/out was very quick. The rooms were large and well thought in their layout. The balcony's were very small and cute. The sheets and towels were clean and comfortable. I believe this hotel can be hit or miss depending on your room location. There is a row of great bars very close to the North side of the hotel. I'm not sure if there are rooms near that area but have read many reviews stating it get's very noisy at night. Therefore we brought our earplugs just in case, but didn't need them. Our room (618) was in the front fairly close to the entrance area which I think helped to buffer the noise since that area was recessed from the street the most. Upon return to Boston I would like to stay here again. Great hotel in a fun city!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Craig_Woodward
<Content>Great Location The hotel is in a fantastic location for the Faneuil Hall restaurants and bars. We found the staff to be most helpful and accommodating. The room was clean and had everything we needed, but could do with a little 'tidy up', ie paintwork and doors. A 10 minute walk gets you to the centre on Boston and to the common which is a great place to start your Boston adventure. There is a fruit and veg market just in front of the hotel, so if you鈥檙e a light sleeper you may want a room to the rear of the hotel as they get going at 6am. We didn鈥檛 take advantage of the hotel restaurant but did have drinks in the comfortable bar area, which we found to be reasonably priced. All in all this is a great hotel, location and great value.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>ResceptYourMomma
<Content>Nice Easter Get Away I read some negative comments about the condition of the Millenniun Bostonian Hotel on TripAdvisor but my husband and I we'd try the hotel anyway. The location is fabulous and we found the food and staff to great, certainly underrated. Yes, it could use some work but we understand that a major project will start soon to renovate just about everything in the hotel. We would recommend the hotel to anyone looking to be in the middle of the action.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mooseconn
<Content>Disappointed My wife and I planned a few days in Boston, and had stayed at this hotel years ago. Things have changed. The hotel was OK, but it is in dire need of a renovation. The bath fixtures and tub are in need of replacement, as well as the carpets. The biggest disappointment was the restaurant, Seasons. It is advertised as a gourmet restaurant, however it was a typical hotel restaurant. Dinner was average and expensive, breakfast was awful. The hotel is in a great location, but it has really gone down hill . The only positive was that the staff was very nice. Maybe we expected too much, but we will choose another place upon our return to Boston.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	4	2	

<Author>killiegirl
<Content>Excellent hotel, great location Great room with 2 huge double beds, in an excellent location for shopping and transport.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MommyinMA
<Content>Charming.... but... This is a nice little hotel. We got an okay rate but, were upgraded to a Jr. Suite upon arrival. It was lovley. Much of what other reviewers wrote is true but, I think they're being a little hard on the hotel. The Millenium Boston needs a big face lift which I believe it is scheduled for. The decor is old (80's) but, is still nice. It's just, worn. I did not mind at all the two small desks for checking in. Seems like a silly thing to complain about. Our room was very nice, large, and clean. It will be very, very nice when it's redone. We were on the 3rd floor and yes, it was loud with all the bars and drunk kids nearby. That was me nearly 20 years ago. It was a little bothersome. I bet it's a little better on the 6th or 7th floor. Generally the staff was great. But, not top tier. Then again, neither was the price at $199. They need a better class of employees in the food service area. The buffet breakfast was mediocre at best and really over priced, even for the area. Will gladly pay $24+ when the breakfast quality gets much better. Basically I like the hotel. We're local so we will return.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Frank67
<Content>Location, location, location Stayed here for two nights and had a great time. We went to Boston to see hockey game at the TD Banknorth Garden (formerly the Fleet Ctr.). Outstanding location just across the street from Faneuil Hall and within walking distance to the arena and numerous bars and restaurants. There were four of us in our party and there were no complaints. Everyone who worked at the Hotel was extremely professional. Our rooms were pretty big, spotless and comfortable. The food was good. I will stay here every time I visit the Boston area.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pipcosta
<Content>Great experience We stayed at the Millennium Bostonian from 1/25-1/29/07. We stayed in room 639. This room has good views of the market, and windows on two sides. The room is spacious for a city centre site, with a safe, and plenty of cupboard space. We found the room to be very comfortable and would return without hesitation to this hotel in future visits. The hotel is clean, and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The light colour of the carpets may be the reason for comments from previous reviews, but then we did not cross the Atlantic to inspect carpets. Breakfast served on the fourth floor is very good with the emphasis on quality (mega buffet fans may be disappointed).The hotel is perfectly located, everything is either within walking distance, or a short trip on the T. Boston is a great city, people are friendly, and with the current exchange rates offers exceptional value. As an example a weekly unlimited ticket on the T (metro) costs only $15.The hotel is only two stops from the airport (after a short courtesy bus ride to the T).Boston is blessed with a very high number of quality restaurants.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>FRANKRAFFA
<Content>I enjoyed the MIllennium Boston Hotel I stayed at the Millennium, Boston from 1/12-1/15/07. I was very excited to get the $109 travelzoo rate that I just discovered a week ago. It was perfect for me. The location of the hotel is incredible, directly across the street from Faneuil Hall in Boston's waterfront area. There are a number of restaurants and clubs that are right on the street below, as well as in the Faneuil Hall complex. If you are someone who does not party hard at night, having a room directly on the street(blacony rooms) might be difficult with the news and commotion that I witnessed at 1am on Friday/Saturday night. My room had no view whatsoever, but it was very quiet. The room, itself, was one of the best that i've ever had, not to mention for the price of $109. When I thinnk of the dives that I have stayed in during my trips to Manhattan, I cannot beleive the luxury and the cleanliness of the room, as well as the two-part bathroom with an incredibly big tub.There were some annoying parts of my stay. There is no shuttle to the airport. There is coffee only during the week and not on the weekend when I desperately needed it. When I quesitoned the staff about this slight imperfection, I received two different explanations(at two different times). The first was that they needed the restaurant staff for the morning breakfast,. What??!?!? The second was that, on the weekend, there is a fresh produce market in front of the hotel and people walk in off the street to have coffee. What?!?!?!?! An upscale hotel like this does not offer coffee to its clients. Why can't they put the coffee on the fourth floor where the breakfast restaurant is located? This was disappointing. Thank God for the DUNKIN DONUtS next to the hotel.A positive and a negative was the free internet wireless access only in the lobby. To have internet access in the room, there was a DSL line which was not free. Why, in 2007, is there no wireless access in a hotel room, in a luxury hotel? I did spend time in the lobby doing my business when I needed to be in my room.There is a very nice bar/restaurant off the lobby and a breakfast restaurant on the fourth floor. The buffet was not at all attractive in the breakfast restaurant and I would have expected much, much more for the high price of $24. The staff, however and the decor were excellent. The service, apart from the quality of the buffet, was otustanding with very friendly waiters.There is no gift shop and no refreshment machines, so be prepared to purchase what you need in Faneuil Hall, before reutrning to your room. The convenience of the mini-bar was nice, but I could not afford any of the products sold.Overall, the proximity to the T line and the location of the hotel made my trip an interesting one. The hotel room, bed and facilities in the room were very comfortable. The woman who served as the concierge was very helpful and the desk staff, for the most part, were wonderful. However, it's hard to find someone in the lobby in the middle of the night, and you have to call out behind the desk area to get someone.Do not expect an expanse of a lobby, if this is your thing. There is a quiet area near a fire place that is nice. My checkin was very quick, in spite of the hotel having only two desks to check in clients. I arrived at 6pm and that made it helpful. frankraffa@ aol.com  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leelee-TA
<Content>Location is all it has to offer I wish I could write a better review of this hotel but it was a disappointing experience. I had high hopes when the reservationist upgraded my room to a deluxe with a balcony and fireplace. The pros: Location is great. I had a great view of Quincy Market. The hotel is within walking distance to many places especially the North End. The staff was very nice. Great breakfast by room service which was included in the price of the room.The cons: The room was outdated. Bad lighting. The bathroom was OK but the bathrobes were old and hard to the touch. Very loud street noise. The heater/conditioner was next to the bed and kept my husband up all night. The canopy over the bed was broken. You have to call room service for ice. The fireplace is not electric or gas so you have to call the front desk to bring a fire log and light it and then plan on staying in the room while the fire is going ( 2 to 3 hours) or call the front desk when you leave so they can put out the fire log. It's a nice touch but too much to think about and plan during a one night stay. Parking is $40. We parked at a local garage, it was the same price but we got more hours for the same amount of money. (We stayed in Boston shopping long after check out. ) The biggest disappointment was that they ran out of hot water at 10am. My husband had to take a cold shower. When I called down to the front desk they said a pipe had burst in the basement. I told him the same thing happened the last time we stayed there a few years back ( and gave us the same story) and he accused me of calling him a liar. I told him that there was no way this could have happened AGAIN!!!! So if you stay here make sure you shower early!!!! There are many great hotels to choose from in Boston that offer great deals like breakfast and parking included in the price. Check around.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>aerofl
<Content>Had hoped to be able to write a better review My husband and I spent three nights at the Bostonian purely for a quick getaway. I can't begin to count the number of times we visited Boston between 1990 and 2003. Though we live in Florida, we had children at school in New England or living there during that time, and during fall, winter and spring would travel North as often as every three weeks. We had stayed at the Bostonian on several previous occasions, though not in the last few years.I booked this hotel through the Delta website using SkyMiles for the entire stay, pretty much at the last minute. That the hotel was available without much advance notice might have been a clue that all might not go well.First off, the location of this hotel couldn't be better for exploring Boston. It is located directly across the street from Fanueil Hall and Quincy Market with all the wonderful restaurants and shops just outside the doorstep. The Aquarium and the Waterfront are nearby and the North End is just a short walk away. The Government Center and Haymarket T stops are only a few blocks away, which means you can reach anywhere in the city easily. We didn't have a car and walked everywhere, and I mean everywhere. Boston is a very walkable city, so put on those comfortable shoes and just head out and explore. Follow the Freedom Trail, walk through Beacon Hill, explore Newbury Street and on and on.Upon arrival, checkin was quick and efficient. The hotel staff, every single member we encountered, was terrific and this is the great strength of this hotel. The first room we were shown appeared fine to us, but a quick look out the window and its view of a rooftop full of airconditioning units and the expressway, and we went back down to reception to request another room. The second room was better, though not the king we had requested. We accepted that room and spent the first night there. The room had a queen bed, nice sofa with coffee table, armoire with TV, mini-bar, desk, etc. The decor was kind of Colonial floral. The bathroom was very odd - single sink outside the actual bathroom itself, then a sliding plywood? door to the bath. Another sink, etc. and a large tub/shower (not a jacuzzi type) that was very difficult to enter and exit without a bit of caution. OK toiletries and an adquate supplyof towels. Despite overlooking the farmers market, the room was quiet even in the early morning hours when stands were being set up. We tried to use the internet for business in the morning and it didn't work. At first it was suggested that my husband come down to the lobby (which was wireless), but that wasn't acceptable to us, so they said it would be repaired while we were out. Fair enough.After spending most of the day exploring the city, we returned to our room late in the afternoon to find that is hadn't been made up. We called housekeeping and were told that rooms didn't have to be finished until 5:00 pm. To their credit, a housekeeper arrived 10 minutes later and we left for an hour. Everything was great until we tried to use the internet - still not working. The technician who responded said that he hadn't been able to fix the problem and he would find us another room. Packed and moved to another room and all seemed fine - until we went to turn on the TV. TV could only be viewed from two chairs over by the window and from nowhere else in the room. Called down again - on to room #4. Beautiful king bedded room with a fireplace, spectacular view over the markets, the Custom House, the entire Boston skyline. Still kind of a weird outdated bathroom, but everything works, can see the TV and they will even lay a fire for us in the real working fireplace. Final problem - it was a weekend and the noise outside from 12:30pm until 2:30 am (bar closing time?) was astounding. Learned our last night there that the hotel is under new management and will be undergoing an extensive renovation. Their famous Seasons restaurant will be closing after the holidays for renovations as well. We were actually told that not much has been done for the past 20 years. Whether that is absolutely correct or not, it seemed to fit our experience.I really, really wanted to give this hotel a great review. We have recommended it to friends and family in the past (for gosh sakes, we sent my in-laws here a few years back and they loved it!). The Bostonian has two great pluses going for it - location, location, location, and an outstanding staff, top to bottom. I eagerly look forward to future TA reviews that reflect some positive changes for this hotel.I would absolutely be willing to give the Bostonian another try down the road - I have such great memories of stays there.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>marysman
<Content>Too much Christmas Cheer Living in the region, I am quite familiar with many Boston hotels. I booked the Bostonian for a romantic weekend because it is close to the great Italian resturants of the North End and across the street from the unique shopping of Quincy Market.Wanting the weekend to be special I selected the Superior room w/balcony overlooking the market. This was a $40 upcharge from the standard room.What we got was a smallish room, the furniture laid out so the person on the far side of the bed had to crawl over the other person to get out. A balcony that was approximately 2'X 5 did have a good view of the market (nicely lit for the holiday season).Stepping out of our room to go to dinner we were surprised to walk right into a Christmas cockatil party set up on the internal veranda just outside our door. It can get quite noisy on the street below the balcony rooms when the clubs let out and no one was yelling Merry Christmas. Maybe I am just being a Grinch but overall the hotel was a disapointment for the money. Next time I will pick one in Back Bay. The great food of the North End is just a T ride away.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>GLOPURPLE
<Content>Badley Needs Facelift. Great Staff Just returned from 6 nights at the hotel. After looking at 5 rooms finally got one that was cleaner than the others, The carpets were very dirty with stains and looked very sad and worn. Furnishing the same and looked like thay had not been decorated in years. The room that we finally took had to have a good clean, carpets and remove cob-webs fron ceiling. But on the upside the Reception Staff and Bellman on duty when we arrived could not have been more helpful to try to find us another room. The room cleaning and bed were very good. Location is great. Seasons Restaurant was very good if a bit expensive for travellers on a budget. Executive Chef was excellent and knew all about Customer Service.The Hotel Managerment were also very sorry about the state of the rooms and said that the whole hotelit is due for face lift. They did show us a mock-up room of the newdecorated one and this was realy up-market. As it is at the moment it is below the star rating it has.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>TARCY2
<Content>GREAT STAY...GREAT DEAL I got a great holiday deal on the Millenium for Thanksgiving weekend through Travelzoo. I paid $119/night with breakfast included. Breakfast vouchers included $17 per person per day to be used on room service or at Seasons restaurant. This was more than enough for both of us to eat breakfast without charge. The hotel itself is perfectly located, right in the heart of the city next to Quincy Market, the North End, the T. (We walked everywhere without a problem.) Our room on the 4th floor was of decent size with a king bed and sitting area. Turndown service with chocolates was a nice touch. The only complaint I do have was with the room temp. It seemed to run a bit warm and even though we kep the A/C on all weekend, it never really seemed to cool things down. Check -in was a breeze and the concierge was very very helpful with restaurant suggestions and directions. I must give props to Joe the bellman. He was wonderful! My brother and his wife had recently visited the Millenium as well and got lost driving into the city. Joe stayed on the phone with them for 25 minutes until they arrived in front of him. He really went above and beyond! This was an excellent value and a really great weekend. I look forward to returning in the spring.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Elton_Bear
<Content>Not quite Howard Hughes If you want to be close to the Faneuil Hall/Quincy Market locations, then this is definitely the hotel for you. We had a three night stay at the Millennium Bostonian as part of a flight/hotel package through Opodo, a European travel website operated on behalf of a number of airlines. It's really easy to get from the airport on the 'T' subway, and my recommended route at busy times on the roads. It's about 150 yards from State Street station, and right on the Freedom Trail too.Check in was most efficient, and my spirits rose when the clerk told me we were on a private floor (8) with its own elevator from floor 7. I already could see the Howard Hughes slept here plaque on the door to our penthouse suite. Sadly, it was not to be. Floor 8 turns out to be a 6 room section perched on the top of the annexe, and while the room was very nicely furnished, it was, in US speak, a European size room. Perfectly adequate, and comfortably furnished, though the bathroom was definitely one person at a time size. Clearly designed by a man too, for the dim lighting in there was definitely not putting on make-up friendly! We were also above the main a/c units for the lower function rooms, so we had steady noise which could disturb some light sleepers.That said, the hotel was fine, though terminating the complimentary coffee in the lobby at 7.15am seemed a little hasty for non business guests! The Atrium Lounge had some reasonable light food options, though the choice outside at Quincy or the Italian quarter of North End will probably interest you more. We didn't try the Seasons restaurant which has a top reputation.I would love to give a 3.5 mark to this hotel. The room location, quite far from everything in the hotel, and its size, leads me to lower the score on what would otherwise have been a very satisfactory stay in a very central and handy location of an most interesting city, and therefore a sure fire 4 score. So I end up with 3!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>james_j_k
<Content>Overpriced, poor value for the money We have just returned from a long weekend at the Millennium Bostonian Hotel. The hotel is a poor value for the money and we have experienced better service elsewhere. We ended up spending a lot of time in our room because of our itinerary. It was not a particularly comfortable room. It was somewhat small with uncomfortable furnature. At night it got very noisy, with sounds coming from the nearby nightclub, trucks outside, garbage disposal, and other noise.We had thought about trying room service, but found the prices to be much higher than we thought reasonable for room service.We paid OVER $250 per night for our room which we thought a poor value. The bed was particularly uncomfortable.Overall I would say this is probably a fairly average hotel with a fairly high price. For the money I'd definitely go elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>bmelter
<Content>OK Hotel, Great Location I stayed at the Millenium Boston for a business trip. The location is great as it's right across from Quincy Market and around the corner from many local pubs, cafes and shops. My room was a bit on the small side and really dark. The bed was comfortable, the room was reasonably clean. My view was across to a glassed in atrium area of the hotel. The bathroom was very old with a brown ceramic tile floor, yellow tile vanity and older fixtures. The bathroom alone needs some serious updating. Overall, a very clean hotel, nice staff, but the rooms are just average and definitely not up to date. A good day at a good price.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catdill45
<Content>great long week-end stay My husband and I meet my brother and his wife in Boston and stayed in this lovely hotel. We arrived Friday before 12pm and was suprised to see that our room was ready. Nice spacious room overlooking the market. The only disappointment in the room was the dirty carpet..other than that the room was very clean. We spend a great week-end sight seeing all of Boston and eating in great restaurants. I will definitly plan another long week-end in Boston and stay here. Very friendly and professional staff.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Hgood1
<Content>the place to stay when in boston I researched hotels in Boston extensively. I wanted a room with a balcony as I dislike the closed in feeling you get in boxy rooms with windows that don't open and I wanted a hotel that enabled you to feel the history of Boston. I wanted casual elegance, where you can feel comfortable wearing a suit or jeans. And I got all that at the Millennium Bostonian. Room service is speedy. Some of the selections are yummy. Their cheese selections are delectable as is their flat iron steak sandwich and club sandwich. And though there is no ice machine, call for ice and you get it straight away. Everyone at this property aims to please. The maids all greet you warmly in the morning and the sit-down check-in is most civilized. The step-out balconies overlook a historic square and the hotel is in walking distance of Boston's most historic sites. It's also one of the closest hotels to Logan Airport and yet none of the plane noise is heard. The superior plus room, while a little bit more expensive, is the way to go--rustic beams on the ceiling, a huge oversized bath, and it's much more elegant than the standard rooms. If you're looking for romance, definitely spring for the superior plus room. Seasons Restaurant is where the power brokers of Boston go to breakfast. The eggs are great and the bacon is cooked to perfection. For an extra ten dollars, you can have room service breakfast. Ask for the bed and breakfast package. I've never heard of a breakfast/room package where you could get breakfast sent to the room...and for ten dollars only...what a value! I just love this property. Very homey, the address to stay at when in Boston. Whatever you do, at least, get the superior room with step-out balcony, but again, spring for the superior plus. A dear friend of mine recommended this hotel as the place to stay and I'm grateful for the recommend. He was so right! I will be staying at the Millennium Bostonian the next chance I get.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KC49
<Content>Ovarall a good stay at the Millenium Boston I stayed at the Millenium Boston in September 2006. Overall it was a pretty good experience. The location couldn't be better. The room was a bit worn. The carpet wasn't clean, the couch was torn, and there were a bunch of wires sticking out from under the desk. The tub/shower was large. Two seperate sinks was a bonus for my wife and me.There was always something going on from our vantage point on the small balcony. There was a farmers market for two days of our stay, it was fun to watch the festivities right below our balcony. There is a bar directly across the street from where we were staying. That could be both entertaining and annoying. A large contingent of bikers who showed up at the bar one night decided to show everybody how loud they could be at 2:30 in the morning. I can't blame the hotel for this immature behavior.We were very close the the north side where there are many Italian restaurants with some of the best food I've every tasted. There are also some good dining options right across the street at the Faneuil Hall Marketplace.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	5	2	4	3	2	

<Author>BEREA BON VIVANT
<Content>Museum of Fine Arts Package At $219/night, the Millennium Bostonian is more expensive than any hotel my husband and I have ever chosen before, but we thought the Museum of Fine Arts Package was a good value. It included two undated, untimed special exhibition passes to Americans in Paris at the Museum of Fine Arts (easily reached by the Green E line of the T). A sumptuous breakfast buffet in the fourth floor restaurant both mornings of our stay was also offered (value of $17, I think). Our room was quite spacious with a separate dressing area and small geranium-bedecked balcony, too. We avoided the high parking fee by flying into Logan and taking the Blue line T to the Aquarium stop close to the hotel. The hotel's location (three redbrick former warehouse buildings wedged among Blackstone Block's twisting street patterns) really is terrific, not only to enjoy Faneuil Hall/Quincy Market but also the North End, where we ate dinner both evenings.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MaryHogan
<Content>Great location, bad parking experience. Fabulous location. Couldn't be more convenient, although not a great spot if you are a light sleeper...it can be noisy. We were upgraded to a small suite on arrival when they did not have our reserved grade fo room available. The room was very pretty and the bed was extremely comfortable. The breakfast was excellent. The lounge has a great view.BAD parking experience. Dropped my car off Fri afternoon for the weekend. Was paying $40 per night for the priveledge/convenience. Thought the car would be safe. Nope. When I got the car back on Sunday both sides had been mercilessly keyed. After filling out a claim form with the valet company I was assured they would pay for it and they would contact me. It is 4 days later, I have left 3 messages and spoken with the valet account manager for the hotel. Still no word from the claims department. Hope they come through on their word. This behavior doesn't reflect well on an expensive hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chris3051
<Content>Wonderful hotel! This was truly an exquisitely fine hotel. Room was beautiful, bathroom-spacious and high quality, staff/concierge were helpful and polite. Book a room with the small balcony overseeing the Marketplace. This hotel was in the perfect location for walking to all the sites. It was nice to be able to stroll around the Marketplace in the evening and then cross the street to our cozy hotel room. You won't need to use your car if you stay here, but the parking was expensive-$40 a day. I highly recommend the MB Hotel! Top notch, for sure!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joan&mike
<Content>Very nice  While not an inexpensive place go stay, nothing in Boston is particularly inexpensive, which makes this place a good value. The rooms are very nice. Our room had a small balcony overlooking Quincy Market and Faneuil Hall. We were within walking distance of so many historic sites, shopping and restaurants making this a most excellent location.And a free breakfast came with our room - not a bagel and coffee but a complete breakfast in their restaurant, complete with cloth napkins. We were not expecting this.The parking service is run by a different company. They tried to charge me $70 instead of $35 because I arrived before noon (I got there at 11:45). Because they did not inform me of such an extra charge when I arrived, I refused to pay it and they agreed to deduct it from my bill.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>mdray
<Content>Overpriced for what you get. While its location is great, the hotel itself leaves a lot to be desired. For starters, there is no lobby in this hotel. That is right, you walk in an there are a couple of desks, you are greeted, get checked in, and up you go to your room, nowhere to hang. We had an 'upgraded suite, and other than a (terrible) sleeper sofa, and a double door to divide the two rooms, nothing about this place was impressive. Amenities were average, and the noise level a problem, late into the evening (being across from Fannueil Hall, and Market Place). We needed directions to the hotel, and when I called the hotel, the concierge person cut me off, and hung up on me because I could not write fast enough for him, he was too busy to wait for me. All in all, this mostly stems from the price of the room, at over $300 a night, you'd expect much better. Also buyer be aware, there is a whoping $40 a night parking fee!!! OUCH!!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xichic
<Content>Great experience! Wonderful location, and great hotel!          this is the hotel  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Speechless This is an excellent hotel. We stayed their twice. Both times we were more than satisified. Excellent staff, great rooms and excellent location. It is a very posh hotel. Our biggest complaint is the noise issue from Faneuil Hall. We were on the 6th floor and we could hear all the reveling at FH/QM at all hours on the weekend. Very annoying when you are paying $300/night.Their restaurant indeed is known all over town. Big wigs like Phillip DeNormandie (large east coast real estate developer) frequent it. The food is excellent and the wait staff very attentive.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paintchipgirl
<Content>A Tourist's Best Pick Hey, all these good reviews can't be wrong. The Bostonian really is the best location for tourists visiting Boston. I've stayed at the Prudential Center, too, and like this spot better. Good access to the T, easy walking to the National Parks Visitors Center, North End restaurants very close, and that Quincy Marketplace right across the street for eats and shopping -- it's all right here.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jlrm73
<Content>Great location       view to market from room  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location This hotel is in a great location for the tourist. Close to the T (the local Boston underground), the main part of town and the harbour for those whale watch tours. The hotel itself is nice and fairly compact. I found the staff to be friendly and helpful so no complaints really. The rooms are nice and kept clean. I would really recommend this hotel  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SportsTraveler
<Content>They go above and beyond- always With a daughter at nearby Suffolk University, we have several good hotels to choose from. However, we consistently stay here because the Millennium has everything. From getting a free upgrade to a suite upon check in without asking (thanks Burak!), to a very knowledgeable concierge (Grace), to fresh chocolate chip cookies that await you in the evening as you stroll in at the end of the day. Grace even made restaurant reservations for me on a recent trip to Boston on one of the few times I didn't stay at the Millennium.The location is prime, with everything downtown Boston has to offer within a 15 minute walk; Newbury Street, Beacon Hill, the Italian North End (and Mikes pastry!), Quincy Market, Fanieul Hall, the Capital and more. Access to the T-stop is a 5 minute walk. If you plan ahead, they also offer great deals on their website that are not available by phone.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mostly good Excellent location with easy access to downtown and the North end. Subways are very close which is an additional bonus. You can get there on the blue line for $1.25 from the Airport, and quicker than a cab ride. On the negative side, like most Millenium hotels it is a little shabby; carpet was heavily worn and cheap to begin with, no coffee maker and no tub. Since I got the room discounted on priceline I didn't have super high expectations. Mostly a good experience.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Goneonvacation
<Content>Nce property, GREAT location We stayed at the Millenium last week, and we were very pleased. The staff is very good, the rooms well appointed, and the location is great.The property is next to Fanueil Hall and Quincy market, and two blocks from the North End. The Quincy market has tremendous food kiosks and pubs, and there is a comedy club upstairs. The North End has some of the best Italian restaurants that you will ever find. The North End is also very historic, with Old North Church, the Revere House,... A piece of advice - don't bother with a car. We had been skiing, so we had a car with us. We should have returned it, as the location of the hotel makes it easy to walk, and parking is $40 per night.I enjoyed the Millenium, and we will stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ziggyhughes
<Content>Great hotel, Great Location! We have just arrived back from a four night stay in Boston at the Millenium Hotel. In all we were very pleased with the hotel. We had a lovely big room on the seventh floor with a balcony and sofa and a separate dressing area. The view on this side of the hotel was not fantastic as it overlooked what is left of the Big Dig however it was quiet. Service was very good and rooms were cleaned thoroughly every day. Having read previous reviews some customers have commented on decor and carpets etc - while it may be quite chintzy in places I dont go on holiday to check out the standard of the carpets as I have more important things to do like enjoy myself!!Lounge was very nice altho drinks were a bit pricey and the one morning we had breakfast at the hotel the pancakes were off ( very disappointed - I had flown the Atlantic for genuine pancakes with maple syrup!!!)Location is fab - Quincy mkt and Faneuil Hall over the road and T station within 5 mins walk.Did all the tourist stuff - best bits observation deck at Prudential tower, Freedom trail, Sunday brunch at Joels bar on Newbury Street and tickets for Blue Man Group at the Charles Playhouse.Very safe city to walk in and much friendlier then NYC.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>flower1126
<Content>Perfect Location My husband and I stayed at the Millennium for 3 nights and it was the perfect location. I had never been to Boston and was ready to see everything, the hotel location allowed us to do that. Short walk to the T that took us all around the city with no problems. Close to some of the best restaurants in town. A short walk to the North End where we discovered Regina's Pizza, Giacomo's, and Mike's Pastry some of the best food I've ever had in my life. Right across the street from Quincy Market  Feneuil Hall which was great. The room was small and for sure was not sound proof. There was construction right outside of our room so we had a nice view of a crane. Which woke us up fairly early the next morning. Also there was a bar across the alley that we were above that played loud music into the early hours of the morning. However, what do you expect in a large city where their buildings are very old. I did have an issue with no ice machines in sight. I found out that you must call room service if you want ice. Housekeeping was always late in coming to clean our rooms, and only once did they leave me ice in my room. We tried calling several times for a wake up call but they never answered their phones or the line was always busy. We also tried calling housekeeping and that line never worked as well. I would stay here again only because the location was so perfect. The rooms were clean and the conceirge was always very helpful.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Satisfied We stayed Christmas Eve thru 12/26/05. The room was more than satisfactory. I think it depends which section of the hotel you room. We were on the opposite side from the Faneuil Square 3rd fl. Our view was lousy, facing the North End and nothing but road construction (but isn't all of Boston in the BIG DIG). The staff was very courtious and the maid service was great even during the holiday weekend. All in all we would stay again but only in the newer wing check if the windows are wooden or metal, go for the metal.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Manoavalley
<Content>Hotel Needs Work Despite Great Location It is obvious that the Millennium Bostonian was once a premier hotel. The basic structure of the hotel and rooms are well laid out despite being small. The staff was always courteous, prompt to handle our requests, friendly and efficient. However, the rooms really needed updating. The carpets were stained, bedspread worn, curtains worn and dusty and furniture dated. We were moved to a larger suite when we reported our top floor room had hot water problems. The best thing about this hotel is it's location to the North End and Quincy Markeplace for tourists and a good staff.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pahhobbs
<Content>Millennium Hotel and Surrounding Area August 2005 brought us the luxury of spending the night at the Millennium Hotel in Boston. With a view of the North Church, Fanuiel Hall, and Quincy Market we were ready to re-discover Boston the capital of our home state. The big dig has allowed the city to do away with the old, ugly overpasses that literally broke the city into pieces. Now you can see the North End and the Boston Garden (new name--can't remember!). Everything seems within walking distance. We walked to the North End where there are no less than 100 restaurants (maybe a small exaggeration) to choose from. There was a parade in the streets the night we were there, which made it even more festive. Food galore and everything was delicious. Boston is a great city for all kinds of visits. Great for children, lots of history, excellent shopping, catch a sports game, just lots of fun. No limit of things to do and see. Just within the walking distance of the hotel, actually seems like a circle, there are restaurants and bars that really give you the flavor of Boston and New England. They LOVE their sports teams and you can catch the fever at anyone of these places while having a cold beer and a cup of chowder. You can stop and have a drink at a high class joint, or stop in a the dive next door. There really is something for everyone.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Waste Your Money...Go Somewhere Else Very, very disappointed. Electrical outlet in wall didn't work so lamps and tv and other items all running off extension strip. Appalled at the limited selection of tv channels. I have gotten a better selection at a Holiday Inn or even a Motel 6. There wasn't even a coffee maker in the room and I never did find an ice machine, even though there is an ice bucket in the room. If I had to pay the bill myself I would have moved to another hotel, but the meetings I was in Boston for booked the room.I also repeatedly informed the front desk that I would contact them if, and when I needed the room serviced but kept getting notices about needing to call housekeeping and then one day they went in the room even though I had the do not disturb sign on the door. Also the pillows and bed were very lumpy.About the only thing going for it was the location and the concierge was very nice...but I don't think all that money was worth it when I could have stayed elsewhere for less money and easily taken the T into town. Next time I'll know better and I'll go elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DowntownMinneapolis
<Content>My Boston Favourate       Balcony  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Will Never Stay There Again I am easily pleased, but this hotel was second rate at best. The room had a dirty carpet, stained furniture that I did not even want to sit on,  a broken light fixture (that was never repaired after being reported). There is no front desk, but two small writing desks with chairs in front. I guess the idea is to cultivate a feeling of intimacy  special customer care. Nothing could be further from my experience. There was always a wait of at least 5 minutes to talk to the front desk (since I never saw more than one employee there)  then the entire lobby (if you can call it that) is privy to your conversation. And do not even think about checking in before 3:00 p.m. One night, housekeeping actually folded one of my used towels  replaced it on the linen bar. I had room service one night, which was served by a rather surly staff member,  was disappointed in the food. This hotel should be ashamed. The only thing that saved it from total disaster for me was the location..right across the street from Faneuil Hall  Quincy Market  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kittykai
<Content>Great location My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights having won a Priceline bid. Apparently, this was a very busy weekend in Boston and we paid a lot more than we normally would want to pay - $225. The good news was that the hotel has an excellent location and we had a very nice room. I called ahead and asked if we could be upgraded. When we checked in, the front desk clerk indicated that she did upgrade us. Our room overlooked the street in front of Quincy Market. It was a little bit loud, but not bothersome. We had a very small balcony, but it was nice to be able to open up the doors and look around. The bathroom had a seperate dressing area with an extra sink. The bathtub was huge, too bad it wasn't a jacuzzi. The room itself had a kingsize bed, nice linens, and a loveseat and extra chair.The staff was very nice. We dropped our bags off early, made a couple special requests, etc and all were met with positive attitudes.We would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DSS-Bombay
<Content>Great Place for a couple on nights Stayed here 16th to 18th September, The staff were extremely helpful - After a 19 hour flight trip, I left my phone in the cab, The front desk tried really hard to contact the Taxi company to get it back. (ultimately I did get it). Few issues - charged for an international call which I did not make - they took it right of the bill - no questioned asked (Careful- there is a 65% mark up on all international calls). Small room and pricy but I guess you pay for the location - right opposite quincy market and 3 blocks away from Washington Street (Great for shopping Filene's, Filene's Basement, Marshall's  Macy's).I would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tripprf
<Content>Beautiful hotel, great location, a little pricey Two of us stayed in a single room at the Millinnium the weekend of Sept 16th. We booked and payed for the room on Orbitz and payed $350.00 per night, which wasn't bad considering there was a Boston College - Florida State football game that weekend and several large conventions were in town. The hotel is in an outstanding location - located right next to Faneuil Hall with views of the Quincy Market and the old State House up the street. We had an elegantly decorated deluxe room with french doors overlooking Quincy Market/Faneuil Hall and although you could hear the Boston traffic, it wasn't too bad. The staff, particularly the bellmen, were very helpful and friendly. There was a farmer's market set up right outside the hotel entrance with a wonderful selection of produce and the hotel is in easy walking distance to the north end for Italian food, the long wharf for the Aquarium and trolleys, and the downtown, historic areas in Boston. We don't usually pay $350 a night for a hotel, but this hotel was worth it based on location alone. I would recommend it for occasions like honeymoons and anniversaries and not so much for families.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pahhobbs
<Content>Excellent Location! I found the location of this hotel to be excellent. It is convenient to everything within walking distance of the North End, Fanieul Hall, Quincy Market, and waterfront. We had requested early check in and it did take a little longer than we had hoped. They took our luggage and held it for us while we explored the city. It was delivered promptly to our room when we checked in by an extremely pleasant bellman.The hotel staff was beyond my expectations reading the previous reviews. We found everyone we came in contact with to be very personable and helpful. We stayed in a corner balcony room on the 7th floor with two different views which included the North Church and the Holocost Memorial. The balcony was very tiny and I wouldn't pay the extra money for it again. The room was very clean and not run down at all. It was beautifully decorated and the bed was comfortable with nice sheets and pillows.We did have breakfast in the restaurant the following morning and although a little pricey, you are in downtown Boston, the food was excellent as was the service.The restrooms on the first floor are very convenient when walking around and may be accessed only with a room key which is nice.There are places to have a drink right around the corner, a Dunkin Donuts and McDonalds right outside the lobby for something quick in the a.m. if you choose. The Old Time Trolley station was right there too.There is a concierge in the lobby who will help you with just about anything your heart desires with a smile.I would stay here again if I had the chance to come to Boston. The city is just getting better and better. I would challenge anyone to find a better rate for the location.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>convenient to north end but don't expect much more the rate was ok....about $167/night...i would never pay the weekday rate to stay here......room needs closer inspection...some peeling wall paper. i told the front desk at checkout.a pet peeve is when rooms aren't ready. ours wasn't but they tried to make good by giving us free breakfast. at $17.00 each i'm glad it was free because, while good, i wouldn't have paid $17.00 for it.An outstanding dinner at MOMMA ANNAS was the highlight of our trip.Then...on sunday by 3pm the room wasn't done by housekeeping and the staff didn't seem interested so we told told them to give us fresh towels and forget the rest.having only been here on business i was looking forward to hangin for a couple of days...which was fun because of a festa in the north end, but i question whether i will ever stay here again....even if the rate is right...over all i give this place a C.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>THN2006
<Content>Location, Location, Location If you are looking for one of the best hotel locations in Boston - look no further than the Millennium. Bordering on Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market, it is absolutely central to everything.If you are looking for a clean simple room - again this is the hotel for you.What lets this hotel down is the way they keep the common areas. The hallways look very sad and the carpeting looks like it should have been repaired/cleaned/replaced some time ago.The lobby is small and nondescript and the hotel staff, although efficient and courteous, lacked warmth.There are a lot of deals on the internet and as long as you don't pay the list price - and you want to see and enjoy as much of Boston as you can in a short while - this Hotel can't be beat.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trouble Times Five! We have stayed at the Millennium Bostonian in the past and liked it very much. It has been two years since our last stay. We experienced unbelievable problems during this stay. We should have been tipped off when the front desk staff, who were normally friendly in the past, did not even acknowledge us when we entered. And we were the only ones waiting. One front desk person was busy with a guest but the other one was just chatting to another employee. 1. The first room we stayed in had a shower that did not work. Unfortunately, we discovered this the morning after arrving and spending our first night there. As a result, we had to be moved to another room that morning. 2. After being out and about all day we arrived back to find out we had no clean towels nor housekeeping service.3. When we tried to call to report this, the room phones were not working (they worked that morning.)4. Then the lock to the room failed and took them over an hour to fix!! They offered to move us to another room but we were leaving the next morning and did not want to change rooms again. They solved all of the repair problems and made an allowance on our bill. 5. But the next morning, upon checking out, we noticed a minibar charge on our bill when we never used the minibar. All this in only 2 days!!!!!!The decor in the hotel and rooms is lovely. And the location is wonderful. The lounge is beautiful. The bartenders and waitresses are the friendliest people in the hotel.The hotel certainly did not meet up to its prior standards. We never had problems in the past. This time the stay was almost a disaster.We are afraid to return as guests of this hotel. Who knows? The next stay could be Trouble Times Ten!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Beyond_Boston
<Content>One of the better choices for travelers Well, it all comes down to location when in Boston. Driving is not a recommended activity for a new tourist from outside the east coast. Boston has poor signage, and some angry drivers. And if someone flips you the bird, they are really saying ... Welcome to Boston it is just custom here ... So what does this mean for this hotel?Stay at a hotel in Boston that is centrally located to where you want to visit. If you are interested in Fanueil Hall, Quincy Market, North Station ... then this is the place. It is where I always book friends traveling from out of state .. and I often stay here as well. It is located at the Government Center transportation stop, so you can pretty much get anywhere in Boston ..The rooms are small, but quaint with nice decor, toiletries, etc ... I would recommend looking for a rate under $200/night ...anything above would be pushing the quality/price ratio. Call the hotel direct and ask for their best rate ... they sometimes will drop below their internet rates ...There is plenty of food, and nightlife here ... all within steps. It is the closest and only hotel directly in Quincy Market ... I give it an A for Beantown.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tallymebanana
<Content>great hotel Great hotel; excellent location, booked through auction type site for $100 per night double room in August (in 2003), was lucky I guess. Probably wouldn't pay much more though. Room was small but everything else was perfect. I would definitely try to stay at this hotel (at a similar price) next time in Boston.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yoyo5
<Content>Gota stay here! I love this placa! Everything was perfect. Im,im speachless!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chickynyc
<Content>Good for location I stayed here on business travel on June 1st. I've been to Boston before and normally stay at the Marriott hotel on the wharf. This hotel is great for tourists; you are right in the midst of the vicinity of the marketplace and can pick up the freedom trail, etc. Room was very nice, concierge and front desk all very helpful.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rednotdead
<Content>Good but not great Best thing about the hotel is the location - bang opposite Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market and almost on the Freedom Trail.Our room was on the 7th floor at the back overlooking the Holocaust Memorial. The room was clean and of an ok size but the furniture was a bit tatty and it needed sprucing up. Bathroom was fine.Hotel was very expensive to eat or drink in (and the mini-bar was a real rip-off). Easy solution - walk over the road to Quincy Market and you have over 75 eating places to choose from, with prices ranging from the dirt cheap to moderately expensive (avoid the Rustic Kitchen!).I would stay at the hotel again but only because of its location and the cheap internet deals you can get. Don't pay full rate.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>idonthave1
<Content>Okay Great location, right in front of Faneuil Hall. Unfortunately, the building is a bit old and not too well maintained. Our room was a superior room with a view of Quincy Market. Nice little balcony and view, but you hear everything.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WHH
<Content>Nice Experience. Just returned from a stay at The Bostonian. The room was very well appointed, in fact, one of the nicest I've stayed in. The staff was pleasant and professional. The restaurant is very pricey and may not be a good value considering the other excellent places in the immediate neighborhood.It is now easy-off, easy-on to the highway with little travel in the congestion. Will stay there again  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>celem
<Content>Historic Location Good location right in the historic area. Room was good with a huge shower. We used a package deal of $149 including full breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>farawaymum
<Content>great location for first time visitor Stayed at the Millenium Bostonian for 3 nights from 5th to 8th March 2005 and found it an excellent hotel overall. Used the advice from other trip advisor members and asked for a quiet room not facing the street. Room had the small balcony and a really nice bathroom with lots of space for a mother /daughter travelling together. The hotel breakfast in the restauant was good, there is also a lovely lounge bar where you can have light meals or a drink (or just sit) and people watch.This hotel is right at Quincy Market where there are endless fast food options and several nice restaurants- try the Union Oyster House around the corner which says it is the oldest restaurant in the US. The location is good- you are a few minutes walk from State T station and just 5 minutes walk to Downtown Crossing with all the major department stores like Macys and Filenes.Other than one particularly unfriendly lady who was at the desk when I checked in, everyone else I dealt with was helpful.The fresh cookies and fruit they have available in the lobby are a nice touch.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice little hotel I stayed at this hotel on business in Boston. It has a great location right next to Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market which I can imagine could be quite noisy during summer so get a room facing towards the back. The rooms were pleasant enough although hardly luxurious.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pwalsh
<Content>Millenium Hotel disaster! We stayed for four days at the Millenium Hotel Fanuel Hall Hotel spending about $1.100 on the room bill and were stunned that a four star hotel was so dirty! The entire hotel including the room, had carpets that were filthy. The hair dryer was hanging from the bathroom wall with exposed electrical connections, the towels were harder and rougher than any hotel I have ever been in and there was only towels for one person. The TV could not be made to work, and the wooden window frame was all rotted out and moldy. To top it off, my letters to the management were never responded to! While this review is written some months later, my anger and disappointment at this appalling experience has not diminished one bit. If there had been a room available anywhere nearby we would have immediately checked out. We were trapped!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Eurotripper
<Content>Inflated Price for a Nice Stay I stayed at this hotel in 2002 for one night while I was in town for a function and I found it to be a nice hotel convienently placed near Fanieul Hall. I walked in after an evening function and there was no one to be seen in the front desk area, finally someone came out to help check me in. The room was nice it was large and clean and it had some nice amenities such as the dual rain forest shower head in the bathroom and clean crisp linens. The entrance was was nice but it wasn't incredible everything was somewhat average looking within the hotel. The location is wonderful the confort of the rooms is wonderful. The service was very mediocre and the common rooms were ordinary. Nice hotel if you get a great deal, it was not worth the $450.00 dollars it cost me to stay there but that is what I get for staying in the city in the summer, you pay for location!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dogcabo
<Content>Great Location You can not beat the location - across the street from Fanueil Hall, short stroll to the North end and all of the fabulous italian restaurants, one block from Downtown crossing with great shopping, farmers market right outside the front door, across the street from the T, and easy access on and off the highway which is a challenge these days with the big dig. Have stayed several times at this hotel, it is showing some wear and tear, can be noisy at night, and rooms are on the small side, and parking is high - 35.00 per night. However, staff all very friendly and eager to be helpful, and the location make this a good choice for beantown.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nancysparkle
<Content>Fun! This is a smallish hotel with great service. We had a room with a back view - we could see the north end and the produce market, and the Zakim Bridge. It was so much fun! We turned the sofa around to look out, and spent hours just sitting and enjoying the view! The room waqs only $139, which I consider reasonable, and we could walk anywhere we wanted to go - to Quincy Market, to to the Union Oyster House for dinner....an all around great experience!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janeknows
<Content>Great Location But Overpriced This hotel has a fantastic location. We were upgraded to a Junior Suite with a fireplace which was lovely. This hotel is a bit run down for the price, but the service was excellent. It is incredibly noisy, but after a lavendar soak in the jacuzzi, we really didn't care. I reccommend this hotel, but if you are used to super luxury hotels; you will be sorely dissappointed. Oh and stay away from the mini-bar and hotel bar--incredibly expensive!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing!!! I can't say enough wonderful things about this hotel.It's the heart of EVERYTHING! Steps away from Faneuil Hall, Cheers, and State Street T. I came to Boston on business and the hotel staff could not have beenmore accomodating. They start each morning with a newspaper at your doorand end each night with turndown service, including ice brought to each room and candies for your pillow. The room itself was clean and spacious, and the bathroom was HUGE!! Take my advice, look no further!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kbalfe
<Content>VERY Noisy This is a tough review to write because there were both good and bad things about the stay. PROS:Location...the hotel literally overlooks Fanueil Hall and there are tons of restaurants, bars, etc. within a 5 minute walk.Service...I thought the staff was very helpful and prompt.CONS:If you get a room overlooking Fanueil Hall (Quincy Market) and it's a Friday or Saturday night, be prepared to not sleep from 1:30-3:30. That's when the bars get out. Since Boston has a bit of a cab shortage at that time, the kids basically stand in the street screaming for taxis, while the taxis drive by and lay on their horns. It's a time honored tradition that is fun if you're not trying to sleep 50 feet away.Parking...it's already been noted that valet is $35Overall, if you can stay for under $200, it's a pretty good value, just get a room not facing the market.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Musarion
<Content>Disappointing We stayed at the Millennium Hotel our last night in Boston. The location is great, but the hotel was a disappointment. Our non-smoking floor smelled of cigar smoke, the room was small and dingy with stains on the carpet, the bed and pillows were uncomfortable and the hotel certainly needs some remodeling. I would have expected this from an older hotel outside the city, but not for the high price we paid. We won't be back.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location We booked the Millennium on Priceline in January for $130 per night - it was the subject of mixed reviews but for the price, we weren't too pushed. It turned out to be far far better than we had expected. The hotel is small enough  instead of a standard check-in desk, there are two small desks where staff sit  check you in/out. I had rung the hotel before to mention that we were honeymooners  was delighted to be told that our room was a queen suite overlooking Quincy Market. We were on the 5th floor (Room 524)  had a tiny french balcony. The room was spotless  there was a bottle of champagne waiting for us with the compliments of the Hotel Manager... cheers! The bathroom was spotless and had a huge oval bath, as well as both a fixed  movable shower hose.Carpeting could benefit from replacement because it was lovely around the lift area, but was shabbier in the corridors... but it's not a major gripe. We ate out all the time - with Faneuil Hall  Quincy Market directly opposite, you'd be mad not to! We had a drink in the hotel's Atrium Bar on our last night  the bartender Rick was a pleasure. There's a T station just across the street in Government Centre  taxis outside the hotel are plentiful... a great location.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great rooms       The front of the hotel opposite Quincy Market. Note the fruit stalls right under the lower...  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super location, nice bright room I travelled to Boston with my 9 year old on October 9 for 3 nights. We booked our entire trip through Priceline. When we checked in I requested a balcony room if available. Thinking that due to Priceline we would be sent to a crappy room, I was pleasantly surprised when our room turned out to be lovely! The balcony is a little misleading because it is tiny, but it was great to have french doors that opened, as well as windows on either side. Our room over looked Faneuil Hall, which gave us a wonderful view, but which also proved very noisy about 2 am Sunday morning. The hotel itself was quiet, it was just the location by all of the bars. The staff was very accomodating and friendly and we used the concierge service several times. There are several subway stops close by and plenty of shops and restaurants. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ctribbs
<Content>Great location, attentive staff!!! We stayed at the Millenium from 10/6-10/10 and had a great time. I verified my reservation a week before arrival and after some glitches were cleared I ended up w/ a king suite overlooking Quincy Market. The room was very large and the amenities were plenty. We asked for extra bathroom toiletries and loofahs and they were there upon our return. The ice we called up for was delivered within 5 minutes every time. The check in staff, the concierge, and the bell staff were very helpful w/ directions and suggestions. The best part of this hotel is definitely its location. You can't beat being right across the street from Quincy Market. You can shop, eat, start tours, etc. from there. You are also very close the the North End (5 minute walk) and their shops, bakeries and restaurants are all very good. You are also a 5 minute walk from the Aquarium and the wharf. I will admit that there was a lot of noise from the market on Saturday night from about 1:30-2:30 am as people were leaving the bars and hailing cabs. You can avoid this if you want by having a room in back of the hotel. Would I have paid $589/nt for the suite? No way, but I wouldn't pay that for any room anywhere. But hey it was an upgrade and I got a free fruit and cheese tray upon my arrival.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Parking $35.00 per day! Rooms $369.00 per night ouch!! Beware of this place! Tourist trap!! Hotel is an old building that has never ending work going on! Drunks , homeless people! The Sea port or Hyatt is much nicer and only a mins away.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad News,Overprice !! Sept 18,19 2004My wife and I went for a night in Boston at this hotel and had a pretty crappy time. The reservation staff (college kids to busy talking to bother with you) was unbelieveable! We had reservations for a non smoking room but they checked us into a smoking room! back down to the front desk with all of the bags. Here we go back up to the next room! Wow, this room had a bucket in the middle of the room dripping water into it from the rain! the best part of it is that the maid told the front desk of this and they still sent us up to it. Third time is the charm on the 1st floor! From 11:30 PM to 3:30AM there is fighting going on outside on the street. Oh, by the way did I mention about the sink in the bathroom leaking all over the floor! No trap under the sink! The good side was when the hotel manager got involved and called me at my home and actually did care about what happened. Although, when I mention a refund ($400.00) it became very quite. I am planning on writing to the corp. headquarters in New York to see about getting my refund!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ajc817
<Content>Loved the millenium we pricelined this hotel for a 5 day stay in sept 04 and got a great deal of 拢80 night. we were excited about the location since fanuiel hall is a great base for exploring boston. all the staff we encountered, from the check in woman to the people who delivered ice to our room, were very friendly. we managed to get a 7th floor (top floor) room so we didn't hear hardly any noise from down below, although sometimes i heard a little before i fell asleep. (nothing that would wake me up and i'm a light sleeper) i would suggest requesting the top floor,though, just in case. the bed was soft and comfy, the tub was a massive oval one and they had a nightly turn down service, which included chocolates and weather forecast for the next day. also, there are home made cookies at the desk for guests every night. i found the hotel to overall be very accomodating and highly customer service oriented. one of my best hotel experiences and you can't beat the shopping and restaurant options right at your doorstep!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, but parking price is steep After reviewing the varied submissions concerning this hotel I was curious about what this hotel looked like. It is a nice hotel. Our room was clean and bright. It was small, but cozy. No noise preoblems whatsoever. The location of the hotel is convenient, close to both the North End and the historical places. The support staff was mostly considerate, except for one woman at the front desk who was cold to us. My major complaint was the cost of the parking at the hotel. Boston is a walking city and a car is not only unnecessary, but also not a good idea. So we parked at the hotel. It was $35 a night! I knew this going in, but knew of no cheaper alternatives. That amount seems ridiculous to me. If you drive to this hotel try and find alternative parking arrangements.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tim_with_Suitcase
<Content>Very central and in walking distance of everywhere Spent a weekend there as a solo traveller.Superb, clean, comfortable and large rooms. Staff friendly and helpful.Rooms are a bit on the expensive side, but then you're bang in the middle of things, near Fanueil Hall. The Freedom Trail can be picked up just outside, and there are plenty of bars and restaurants on the doorstep to complete your Bostonian experience.The harbour is a short walk away, and you can get fast boats over to Provincetown on the Cape from there.There's a market alongside on Saturdays, with a great seafood/oyster stall where you can just turn up and slurp as many of the slippery blighters as you like, 3 for $2 !Very relaxing hotel - faultless.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AccElan01
<Content>Check your floor upon arrival! I knew I would be writing this review as soon as I entered our room. There was a strong foul odor in our room that we noticed immediately after we opened the door. When we walked around the bed, we discovered that someone or something had pooped on the floor between the bed and the balcony door. My wife quickly ran to the bathroom, afraid of throwing up. I was very upset and called the front desk. At first they thought my call was a prank, but quickly realized the seriousness of the situation. The staff member that came to the room gave me suspicious looks, as if I were the one that pooped on the floor. He called a maid to clean up the messy pile but I obviously insisted to be moved to another room. The new room was beautiful, with not a single turd on the floor. I'm giving the Millennium Bostonian the benefit of the doubt, and assume that my experience was an isolated incident. I just wonder who or what took a poop on the floor! The location was perfect; close to everything including the Tea Party Ship (which is closed due to a fire). The restaurant is delicious but quite pricy. Tip: Use Priceline to name your price; I got our room for $150/night. Email me with any questions: AccElan01@msn.com  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Memorable Stay! Our recent stay in Boston was made even better by the Millenium Bostonian. We found the staff warm, friendly, and very efficient. One night we opened the door to our tiny but delightful balcony and fell asleep to the sounds of the city. Our view of Faneuil Hall was a plus. After six days, I am ready to make the MB my hotel of choice in Boston!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great! The hotel is a beautiful hotel directly in the heart of the city. The location cannot be beat! The staff was great. I particularly enjoyed the Seasons Restaurant staff. They were friendly and great with our kids. The room was spotless and the bathroom was beautiful. You are directly at the street fruit market which is very colorful. Request a higher floor hotel for a great view!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad!! I stayed here for the 4th of July weekend. After reading some of the earlier reviews on this hotel I was nervous and considered changing to a different hotel. I'm glad that I didn't. The hotel was very nice, the rooms were nicely appointed and the carpet was just fine. The location certainly could not be beat. It's right off of the walking tour and across from Fanuiel Hall. While I could hear some of the noise from the street it was nothing like what I expected. All in all a good experience.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location is Everything Location can't be beat. Directly across from Quincy Mkt  Fanuel Hall. Short walk to North End and more than one T stop. Had a room overlooking Quincy market with the balcony..it was abit noisy---but think about where you are located and what would you expect. Upon check-in they gave us a pent-house room even though we had reserved the balcony when I called to Complain they immediately changed the room to a front balcony and apologized. My only complaint was with the restaurant and that was a matter of somewhat slow service, However, they had the best English muffin I've ever tasted.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RAWBaltimore_MD
<Content>Great tourist hotel. Good business hotel. Not a romantic hideaway. I stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip with a small group meeting in the hotel. I found the rooms to be quite satisfactory, although the definition of a balcony is a little loose. The hotel aspires to give the impression of a small boutique hotel while having the amenities of a larger business class hotel. I suspect that this is why some reviewers found it less than a romantic getaway. It really is a small business class / tourist hotel, and does an admirable job at that.I had no problem either with street noise or with cleanliness of the room which have been reported by others. My room was immaculate and all of the appointments were updated.The front desk was indeed slow if there were more than two people in line, but they were friendly, competent, and helpful in all respects. The major strength of this hotel is that it is in the heart of the Faneuil Hall / North End district. Most of the other hotels in Boston are located around the Copley Square / Convention Center area. So, if you want to tour Old Boston, walk the Liberty Trail, and spend some time in the Faneuil Hall Festival Marketplace, this is the best location in town.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Millennium was the best I went to Boston with my two friends and had a wonderful time. It was such a beautiful hotel and the staff was extremely friendly. Also, a few famous celebrities were in our hotel and it made it even more exciting meeting their posse. It was in such a great location, close to all. The only thing was the fruit market below our room, but my friend and I could tell you it was very interesting watching the crew clean up. I would return to the Millenium in a heartbeat. I loved it.   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maddokm
<Content>Perfect Hotel I will admit, I was a little leery when choosing the Millennium after reading some previous reviews. I'm glad to say - every part of the stay proved them wrong. This was the perfect hotel for our trip to Boston. The staff was very accommodating! Very convenient - right across the street from the marketplace, and just a hop away from the T-stop. I was also very surprised with the size of the room/bathroom. Much bigger than what I expected. Double the size of a NY hotel! I would recommend this hotel to any and all of my friends, and have no doubt I would stay here again on return trips to Boston. Don't look any further, this is where to be!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Convenient Comfortable Stay My husband and I have a very enjoyable stay. Everyone was very friendly and courtious. The room was very comfortable and convient to all the popular places. Walking distance to Fleet Center was great.   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay here... I spent a few days here last week on business. Never have I been pressured to leave a credit card for incidentals like I was here. My company paid for the room, I have no need for their mini-bar or movies or room service. I carry my cellular phone with me, so I don't even need their phone. So what's their issue with it? They were afraid I'd grab everything off the mini-bar at checkout and they'd be stuck with replenishing it. To me, that's back-handedly calling me a potential thief. At check-in! The bottom line was, either put up the money or look somewhere else to stay. One of our party didn't have enough on his card to cover their deposit ($400!), so he had to pay cash. Oh, yes, the cash wouldn't be fully refunded at check-out since the hotel doesn't carry that much cash. Now, who's the thief? I would NEVER stay there again, nor would I recommend it to my worst enemy. Millennium Bostonian? Run away!  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JulesAnne
<Content>I'm still waiting for room service On the whole, this was a good hotel. The room was lovely, huge bathroom/change room. However, roomservice told us at 10.00pm it would take at least 45 minutes to get a cup of tea. If it is too hard to deliver a cup of tea then why not put tea  coffee facilities in the room or on the floor.Breakfast was not cheap and below average with surly staff.The concierge  front desk were very helpful.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy! Right in the heart of Boston but man, oh, man is it noisy! Bruins hockey and opening night at Fenway may have been the cause, but college kids screaming all night - it was like an echo chamber. Mgmt was kind to switch rooms for me at 2am, but it was still noisy. The hotel is okay but you can't beat the location - great fruit/veggy/fish market right outside the front door - great bars in the 'hood as well. Next time, I'll stay on the North side.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel A unique hotel in a great location. Wanted to spend a night in Boston, and chose this hotel based on photos on web site and location. Pleasantly surprised by the room, which, although small, was beautifully appointed, with a balcony overlooking the financial district and quincy market. Service was exceptional (we left for the evening, and came back to new towels, bed turned down and the room straightened up), the room was clean and bright, and the hotel bar and resteraunt exceptional. Will definitely come back.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disapointing We stayed here in January 04 for 3 nights. I have rarely been so disapointed. I checked in before my partner who was joining me after he finished work. The check in staff, I dealt with two, were respectivley surly and unhelpful. They lost our booking and were utterly uninterested in recovering it. I wasn't allowed to use their phone to call my partner and despite having come directly off a flight from the UK I was pointed to a payphone - I had no change!!! I asked them to change a note for me and they gave me smaller denomination notes. I was rescued by the bell hops who over heard me and managed to scrape together a couple of dollars of change between them that I could swap for. When this inevitably ran out I asked reception to tell me where the bar was so I could get a coffee and change more money. I was told to go to Dunkin Donuts next door (who's customer service put the hotel to shame I might add). Well I finally got my room, after it was established they had confused the booking with that of a friend of ours who had booked at the same time. No apology.The mini-bar and room service were extortionatly priced. The bath was shallow and there was no bubble bath available. There was a lot of noise from the rubbish bins at the back of the hotel. The upholstry was grubby looking. The advertised balcony was missing. Breakfast in the silent dining room was over priced and not that good. The waiter pouring my coffee put the bottom of the coffee pot in my scrambled eggs.On the plus side the hotel is in a good location and the bar serves excellent martinis. The bar staff, bell boys and garage staff were very polite and helpful.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty and cold My fiance and I wanted to get away from the stresses of our wedding planning life and spend the night in Boston for Valentine's Day. We were both looking forward to a relaxing get away at a wonderful hotel in the middle of Fanueil Hall. We walked in to only 2 employees working the front desk(cookies offered at the desk were as hard as a rock). The woman in front of me waited 10 minutes just to tell the desk clerk that a customer had left an article of clothing in the restaurant. We got checked in (after waiting for about 20 minutes) and made our way up to our room. The hallways smelled of stale cigarettes. As we entered the room it was freezing, to the point that I had to wear my sweatshirt the entire time. There was literally visable dirt on the curtains and on the pillow that was decorating the bed. The bed beneath the filthy pillow was not made correctly. We called down to have our room changed, and were told that there were no other rooms available. So, there we were for a romantic night together wondering whether the sheets, rug, and toilet were even clean enough to use. Please do not stay at this hotel and do not recommend that anyone you know stay there. Dirty, cold, and dark were the memories I had of a night that was supposed to be fun, romantic and relaxing.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dingy This hotel experience was horrible for what you pay for. Expecting a pleasant Valentines Day weekend, We were very displeased to walk into a lobby that smelled like the streets of South Boston after the St Patricks Day Parade. After locating the 2x2 window that the Front desk is in we made our way up to the room. The carpets have not been replaced since the building went up, the bed spread and curtains were as dirty as the lobby smelled, the chipped walls and peelling wallpaper added the worn look that unfortunately we were not looking for. THe room was furnished nicely and the pillows were comfortable, but I forgot my slippers so walking on the floor had to be done with caution.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Senseless
<Content>Ruined Valentines Stay Had been in property years ago to check rooms and had a great experience in their in-hotel restaurant Seasons a while back too.Booked a Valentines day special at the hotel last weekend. While the looks of the hotel are great, the service and rooms are not. Like other readers, had a room facing Faneuil hall and was kept up all night by cars, tourists, bar hoppers, etc. Was blasted out of sleep by not one but two false alarms in one night, both with several fire engines blaring their horns and sirens right outside our window. No soundproofing on the windows\balcony door.Staff failed to deliver the included champagne and strawberries on time and not at all until several calls to the front desk and finally the management.Rooms are nicely decorated but very small. Great bath, bed mattress hard as a rock. Room service \ mini bar extremely overpriced, like something I would expect from a Four Seasons.Performance of staff and customer service left much to be desired, and poor quality of room was just not acceptable for such a high quality and expensive hotel.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, but not wonderful The hotel is in an interesting location: Right across from Fanueil Hall and Quincy Market, which is nice for grabbing food quickly or for some shopping, but also right by Haymarket and the highway. Depending on which way your room faces, you may hear people dragging trash bins around at night, etc. It also may or may not be convenient, depending on where you need to get to each day.The bathrooms are great, with big soaking tubs and a sink in an outer room, which is helpful if there is more than one person staying in the room.My two big problems with the place are: One, no Internet access, which these days is pretty basic in other hotels of this level; and Two, the beds are terrible. The mattresses are not very comfortable, same for the pillows, and the linens are low-rent. Really not up-to-par for this kind of hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service, beautiful hotel Service was amazing. Our first room was disappointing, overlooking the highway and fruit market outside... terrible sight. I spoke with Anna, in the reception area, and our second night was upgraded to a wonderful room overlooking Fanuil Hall, with a private balcony and huge bathtub.Our stay was extremely enjoyable, and Anna was wonderful with making sure we were pleased. We will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nydeb413
<Content>Definitely Would Stay Here Again   showReview(1421334, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shampoooop
<Content>Excellent Experience   showReview(1400944, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money!   showReview(1364272, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, but Pricey   showReview(1070856, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away   showReview(1027456, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>humiliation   showReview(1023779, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money at all   showReview(847422, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic stay   showReview(835219, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not worth the money   showReview(392971, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Millenium Bostonian   showReview(307938, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2001
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(19648418, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une situation sans 茅gale pour visiter Boston   showReview(19648417, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bibana
<Content>Bellissimo il Bostonian       La camera  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bonne adresse mais travaux de r茅novation en cours   showReview(16606141, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍐呰銇屻仺銇︺倐銇娿仐銈冦倢鈽?#x201d;   showReview(19165235, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le meilleur hotel de Boston   showReview(11494885, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

