<Author>dreek2
<Content>GREAT RESORT!!!!!!!!!!! My wife and I just returned from the Paradisus Palma Real and I have to say that this is an incredible property. The lobby, bar and restaurant areas are breathtaking, with sculptures, marble and fountains in an open atrium. The pools and beachfront areas are also incredibly designed, making this resort look more like a five star Four Seasons property than your average all-inclusive.The service was excellent from top to bottom, the bars were great!! We made good use of the 24 hour room service often, the menu isn't extensive, but they were pretty prompt even at 2:00 am.The rooms are large and luxurious with a jacuzzi, flat-panel TV, shower with full-body jets, a sitting area, and a balcony. Our room was close to everything, but the farthest rooms appear to be about 200 yards from the pool and atrium area. It could be quite a hall to get to the beach or dinner. Be generous with the staff. Many of them earn less per month than most of us make in a day. So bring plenty of $ingles and I highly recommend that you bring an extra $25 for the GABI Beat + Groove Collection double CD that they sale at the resort. We played it every day in our room to chill-out to after returning from the beach. We are still playing it here at home! I was shocked that they had a cd player in the rooms, but no CD鈥檚 and only (1) Spanish radio station available. :-(This resort is by far the most beautiful on this strip - we walked for more than 45 minutes in each direction. It is far better kept, and the resort itself looks like paradise. We can鈥檛 wait to go back with friends for a longer stay!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>villeny
<Content>The Reserve - has the potential to be great We stayed at the newly opened part of Palma Real called The Reserve. Beautiful rooms and lovely (large) pool area. Kids enjoyed the large kiddie pool and the Kids Zone (complete w/tons of video games.) A 10 minute walk to the beach was appreciated considering the amount of food we ate. If you didn't want to walk to the beach, golf carts came around frequently to drive you. Everything was new and clean. Food was the best we had at an all-inclusive. That said, there are still a lot of kinks to work out. Service at the hotel is a real problem. We supposedly had dinner reservations for each night and 85% of the time there was no record of our reservation. We were assigned a concierge but she rarely answered the phone when we called and didn't seem very to eager to help out. She was totally incapable of helping us solve a problem with our room. It was frustrating that everytime you reported any problem, there was no consistency in following- up. Everytime you spoke to a different hotel worker you got a different answer. Nightly-turn down service was only done about every other day and several days we received no towels at all. And for several days our sheets felt damp -- could be from the humidity but they have to figure out a way to work that out! Also the music from the restaurant was loud and our kids could hear it until late at night (and then again in the morning.) and one more thing (then I'll stop complaining because we really did have a wonderful vacation) apparently the resort had a lot of activities but there didn't seem to be anyway to know about them. Most resorts give you a list of the next day's activities in your room but they didn't do this. On the way to the airport we heard from some people on the bus that they did all of these great watersports and horse-back riding, which apparently were included in the price, we never even knew about them!! It would be nice for the resort (espcially that so-called concierge assigned to you) to tell you about all the activities and let you know when they are offered and how to sign up. So ... all in all.... a beautiful place but service is definitely rough around the edges. And if no one with you speaks spanish, could be a difficult place to navigate.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	2	5	5	4	4	2	2	

<Author>ladytez
<Content>Luxurious and Stylish in Tropical Paradise!       View from lobby  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>GM2009
<Content>The Reserve @ Palma Real (Gabi Club) Advise: Don't bother with the main Palma Real hotel!!Only stay @ The Reserve. 10 min walk to Gabi beach or you have on the spot golf cart with a personal driver to take you round trip to the beach. Rooms at tthe reserve are private CHICK  LUXURIOUS new beautiful pool swim up rooms and private garden rooms with indoor jacuzi and out door jacuzi.. GREAT service. GREAT food (Mitzu Teppanyaki  Aqua restaurant). Fantastic breakfast buffet with gourmet omelets. At 11am they open the gourmet pool side market grill with a full margarita bar gourmet steaks, hamburgers, NY hot dogs, etc.With your reserve bracelet you have full access to all Palma Real family concierge amenities (Gabi beach + exclusive family concierge pool + Gabi Beach restaurant) The reserve is very private away from the crowds and caters best to families with babies and small kids. Not for teenagers or honeymooners.The reserve has a brand new amazing KIDS ZONE with professional NURSERY DAY CARE SERVICE.The reserve also has its own private brand new gym + YHI spa.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thetoothdoc
<Content>Beautiful but flawed This hotel which is promoted as ultra high end and is set in a wonderful location with beautiful gardens / lounge /beach area and pool.But the service is mediocre , the staff seem to have a poor understanding of english , a banana mudslide (drink) turned up as a bud light !!!.Staff training was poor and indeed one senior member of staff intimated that whilst training was given it was forgotten within a few days.With the exeption of one a la carte restaurant and the buffet all our food was served cold and was returned on more than one occasion its the wind  stated one headwater when all our food was returned once again because it was not hot , another blamed the small kitchens and the fact that we had a table for five!!!The bedrooms have a very strange arrangement with the bathroom area which definitely spoiled my holiday, the bathroom is to all extents open to the bedroom area and whilst there are opening louvre doors for part of the seperation the bathroom is visible from the bedroom this coupled with three quarter length partial opaque glass shower and TOILET doors did raise comments from my adult children and several other guests we spoke to. If the light is used in the barthroom at night it shines directly onto the bed area.I often used the bathroom by the pool rather than the one in the bedroom.Guest information was poor throughout our holiday with little or no information given about events or special evenings entertainment.The hotel does not change pounds and the cashpoint only gave dominican pesos.No real problems with towels in the rooms or by the pool and an adequate number of sun beds by the pool and beach even when the hotel was full.Tennis is available although we recieved at least five different instructions about how to book, horse riding is free.Golf is advertised as free but a compulsory charge of $35 per person is made for the use of the golf cart, drinks are also not included . The Casino was relatively small some tables required recovering but the atmosphere was fun and it definitely was the place to meet people.Whilst I enjoyed my holiday I doubt whether I would return to this hotel , previously I have stayed at the Paradisus Punta Cana which I would rate higher.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>luvthebeach22
<Content>Immaculate and luxurious My husband and I spent nine days in the Domincan Republic- the first four at the Paradisus Punta Cana and the last five at the Palma Real. We definitely did this in the right order!! The Palma Real was HEAVEN. Check in was a breeze. Our concierge gave us a quick orientation (expedited by our restlessness to get settled- let them know if you're not interested in a detailed explanation of everything or you may be sitting there for a while- the property is huge and there's lots to say, in his defense- but you will figure it out on your own). We did not have a RS room as we did at the Punta Cana but we liked the room better- newer, cleaner and fresher mattress and bedding. No ocean view though, but no matter. The property is extremely well appointed and easy to get around on foot. The pool is beautiful and the landscaping is incredible. The beach is visible from almost everywhere at the pool, so we spent every day going from our chairs at the pool to the beach- plentiful seating and palapas. What's amazing about this resort is that they've achieved a system of making you feel like you're one of the only ones there, though the resort is huge. You never feel like you're sitting close to anyone or encroached upon by crowds. We're very picky eaters and we eat out about 4-5x a week in Dallas- the food is incredible. We went to only three of the restaurants for dinner- the sushi bar- loved it, had a romantic dinner at Vento that was delicious and went to the Market Grill for steak and lobster as the sea breeze came in. Breakfasts were amazing- my husband's not a breakfast person, but this could change anyone- bloody mary/ mimosa station, pancakes/ waffles with nutella and coconut, omelets w/ lobster or shrimp. There's also a Starbucks-like coffee bar on the restaurant level- I could write a whole separate piece on just the food. Casino was a blast- we're not partiers but it really seemed like the younger crowd loved the dance club. We took a Segway tour that was SO fun and it's easy to sign up for as much/ as little as you want to do. NO ONE at the resort itself ever tries to 'sell' you on anything. On the beach as you stroll, beware the 'vultures' that sit on a washed up log and take turns accosting the tourists to come to their t-shirt shop. We tried everything to get them to stop, nothing worked- it's a drag, but what did work one day when I was walking alone was to put on my headphones and pretend I didn't hear- it's your only hope for peace and quiet. I didn't want to go home- the DM is beautiful, the people (minus the aforementioned log people) are amazingly nice, weather perfect, sand pinkish and soft and one of the best all-inclusives ever (and we've been to all the Paradisus chain). Literally would not change a thing. If you want to spend less, Paradisus Punta Cana is a good choice but some marked differences- see our review over there to compare.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SwitzerlandAnisa1
<Content>I loved the site - tip for wheelchair Users I stayed at this hotel for two weeks and must say that I was impressed by the architecture and the surroundings. My congratulations go the architect who built this hotel. The architect has a true sense for aesthetics combined with a sense for details. Wheelchair users will feel very comfortable in this hotel as it is fully accessible. However, be sure to ask for the special wheelchair room. To note if you are travelling alone, you must have strong arms in order to use the bed which is quite high! Otherwise, the toilette is accessible sideways and the shower is a drive in. If you do not want to go use your own wheelchair ask the special chair. If you want to swim in the ocean, ask Guest Services to organize for some to help you. The staff is friendly and helpful. A. W. Switzerland  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rrf1234
<Content>Not what was expected I would highly recommend avoiding this hotel. The food was mediocre. Most of the breakfast and lunch choices were from a buffet, where they do not keep perishables ie. lunch meats etc chilled. We were sick much of the time until we learned what foods to avoid. The dinner restaurants were a little better, but certainly not at a quality level that we would have liked for a vacation. The dinner menus were very limited. The extra charge GABI restaurant was a little better, but definitely not worth the additional charge.We were supposed to have a King size bed, ocean view room. It turned out that after being upgraded, we still had a garden view room with two queen size beds attached together (not our idea). The ocean was visible, but several hundred yards away. We couldn't even see the beach or pool. The beach was full of sea weed and the ocean water was rough. This hotel had the worst water conditions of any hotel on the beach.We asked for softer pillows because my wife had a stiff neck. They gave us soft pillows with goose feathers sticking out so that they would hurt your face if you slept on them. I then demanded better pillows. They told me I had to have Royal service for those pillows. They finally relented after I threatened to check out, even though we had to pay in advance for the two full weeks we were scheduled to be there. Turns out, the only way to get ocean view is to have the Royal Service. I would recommend this hotel if you feel like being abused by staff, having mediocre (buffet style food) and getting sea weed all over you in the ocean.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	1	3	2	2	2	

<Author>061864la
<Content>Loved the food Excellent property, very neat staff reallypleasant and eager to assit, variety of food, excellent beach, live band every night live music, a lot to do in property  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PottDuff
<Content>Great time had by all Beautiful!!! We went down to celebrate my mothers 75th birthday. There were 15 of us ranging in ages from 10 to 75. The kids had a great time as well as the adults. The hotel itself is very beautiful, clean and well maintained. The staff for the most part were friendly and accomodating. The bar staff at the pool bar were amazing...Hector, Victor and Bianca were up beat, fun and friendly. Freddy at the sky bar makes amazing drinks and is my favorite. These people work long hours each day and usually work for 10 days staight...we all have our bad days so you have to cut them a little slack.The staff that organizes things to do during the day were so much fun to deal with. The 8 grandkids took a segway tour (1hr) and they loved it ($35 each). Two of our party dove on the other side of the island and enjoyed their day...a bit pricey and hard to get the full details about the trip from the booking staff. They have dancing lessons, painting, free refresher scuba class, sushi lessons and such...those are free. Other things you expect to be included in the all inclusive such as the boungy machine...8 $ for 5 minutes...rip off!The food was not bad for an all inclusive resort. We enjoyed the Japanese resturant the first time we went...but not so much the second time. Passions (adult only) was ok...not my favorite. We loved the breakfast buffett each morning....great omeletts!We brought a stack of ones for the bar staff. I was a bit tiffed when they had grey goose vodka but you had to pay for that. Their top shelf vodka in the price you pay is stoli...do able.All in all...nice place, great staff, and ok food. I would go back because I love the beach and hot weather. I would check out other islands first. I don't think my mother would rush back but everyone else in our group enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>katrinab98
<Content>Beautiful Resort, but the food....       Deluxe Royal Service Room  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>dnllmz
<Content>My Palma Real Wedding       colonial plaza  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>StarvingArtiste
<Content>Few Key Things Keep This Resort From Being a 5 Star       The Beach in November  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Draughttap
<Content>a Definite 5 star Great View as you entered the main lobby. Hotel is built in M shape with lobby being in the middle. Excellent service very friendly staff. Concierge service was readily accessible and willing to work with you. Welcome Rum Drink on arrival at front desk as checking in.Very Nice Pool Area, very large and beds with shade all around pool, as well as beds in the pool. Swim up Bar with name brand liquors, freely poured. GReat Beach with white sand and beach is maintained every day.Golf included as well as horse back riding and scuba lesson. Has own shopping centre as well. Floors are all marble and can be slippery when wet.Lovely gardens, spa, and Zen room.A very large coice of alacarte restuarants and one buffet.You can have Suisi, Japonese, Thai, Mediterranean, American Grill Mexican, . All Food was very Good. Also there is 24 hour room service available.Rooms comw with a fully stocked mini-fridge and is filled daily, or just ask concierge if you require anything special.I would suggest the third floor rooms if availablr for the better view.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chickiewv
<Content>LOVED IT!!!! Hope to return! My best friend and I spent four days at the Paradisus Palma Real for our annual fall Chick Trip, and it was wonderful. I read some negative reviews before we left, and we heard a guy next to us a the lunch buffet complaining. But I can honestly say that if you're not happy here, you're not happy anywhere! I'll break my impressions down by category.FOOD: This was our first all-inclusive experience, and we chose it carefully. If every meal is going to be consumed on the same site, you'd better be certain it's good food. And it is. For breakfast and lunch, there is a massive buffet that changes daily. I was frankly astonished by the volume and variety of food we found, and how fresh it was. For breakfast, we had delicious made-to-order omelettes, self-serve Eggs Benedict and anything else you can imagine. For lunch, we had a fantastic assortment of ceviches, awesome tuna and seafood salads and a dizzying array of well chosen dishes to choose from. If you could not find something you liked on these buffets, then you should just stay home because no one can satisfy you.In addition to the buffets, there is an all day snack bar that was unbelievably good. You can get chicken and fish shish kabobs, churrasco steaks, tacos, guacamole and chips, or just plain old burgers and fries, hot dogs and pasta. Whatever you want, you can get there, at any time.Then there are the dinnertime restaurants. Vento, the Mediterranean restaurant, was wonderful, with the most charming, accommodating staff, while we just fell in love with the sushi restaurant. Both were out of this world. We also dined at the slightly stuffier Passion (although we are not a couple, LOL) and found it to be our least favorite, though still perfectly great in terms of the quality of food. SPA: We had massages at the spa, which were lovely. My masseuse worked on an aching shoulder with delicacy that I did not believe would relieve my discomfort. To my sheer amazement, she turned out to be a miracle worker. The pain was gone, without the deep-tissue work that so many therapists use.  We also spent time in the water center, which is simply FABULOUS. There are several jacuzzis, a cold plunge pool and a variety of huge faucet- or shower-head type devices that pummel your neck and shoulders with water in an unbelievably awesome way. I could have stayed there for hours!!GROUNDS: The property is absolutely gorgeous, literally breathtaking from the moment your van pulls up to the entrance. You can see down through the vast foyer to the courtyards and to the turquoise ocean beyond. Simply beautiful. Then you walk into a huge, well furnished lobby with oversized furniture for lounging and even a lobby bar. You're greeted at the front desk by incredibly friendly staff, and a concierge offers you a drink while you check in. It's just lovely from the moment you arrive. You are treated like royalty. Our jacuzzi suite room faced onto a sprawling, remarkably quiet courtyard where spa-like music flowed from speakers that looked like rocks. From the rooms and the balconies, there was no noise whatsoever. No screaming pool parties, no loud music, nothing. It was blissfully peaceful. Exactly what we needed.Throughout the property are gorgeous pieces of oversized furniture, mirrors, sculpture and other artwork, and tons of outdoor seating that is used mainly in the evening.SERVICE We did not opt for the Royal Service, and we honestly don't feel as if we missed a thing. From the front desk person down to the maintenance staff, every single person we encountered was unfailingly friendly and helpful, always equipped with a smile and a polite word. The restaurant staffs were prompt and caring and warm. The pool bar and beach staff were attentive and friendly and charming. The property was only 65 percent full when we visited, so I'm sure they are more taxed when there are more people, but we were universally impressed by the service. We were disappointed to see how few of our well-heeled fellow travelers tipped. We stocked up on $1 and $5 and $10 bills before we left and left the $1s just about everywhere we went, even for the waiters who refilled our glasses at the buffet. At the pool bar, we'd tip our bartender $5 in the morning and we were looked after all day. We'd leave smaller tips as the day went on, but even $1 was enough to elicit a smile and a gracias. For dinner, where we got more extensive service, we left $10s. Every single time, our staff seemed grateful and gracious.ACTIVITIES The only thing that was a minor (very minor) disappoinment was the party boat tour we took, which is free on Mondays. It simply cruised very slowly along the shoreline for maybe a few miles, then stopped at a shallow swimming spot, then brought us back. Our party was a group of about 20 people and it was definitely no party. LOL. It was a definite snoozer, but nothing to complain about.. I just wouldn't waste my time or money on it, if I were you.We were only there for a few days, so we did not do any other excursions. But if we go back, we definitely will.SHOPPINGDo NOT bother going to the shopping plaza just down the beach from the hotel. You have to barter for everything, and the prices they want are FAR higher than what you pay even in the hotel gift shop. As we were leaving, we even saw things in the airport that were cheaper than what those guys wanted. It's a tourist trap for rich folks.CONCLUSION:We loved that this place catered to adults and was not crawling with kids. We loved that the pool was a peaceful place to be, not a huge party thumping with music and teeming with posers. It was just what we wanted: lovely, relaxing, indulgent and peaceful. We didn't pay for the Royal Service, and we didn't need to: We were treated like royalty anyway.We had a wonderful time and are thinking we'll return with a third friend for another Chick Trip.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cyncynTO
<Content>Best vacation EVER!!! My husband and I stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real between Nov 9 to Nov 15. I was really a bit nervous as I read so many conflicting reviews. But we decided to go for it as a friend of my brother's went and really liked it. We decided to go with the Royal Service and we were sooooooooooooooooooooo glad that we did it!!! We had 2 amazing butlers helping us, Miguel and Angel. They both went out of their way to help us and although not always avaiable (as they have other people to take care of), when they are around (they come knocking on your door in the afternoon or evening), they always make sure that you're taken care of. We went scuba diving one day and got so seasick that we had to cancel our excursion the very next day. We were so worried that we would have to pay for it because it was so last minute but Miguel took care of it and we didn't lose one penny. We were just so grateful to him. And not just him, everyone at the resort is so friendly and helpful. I don't know if it's because they know that we are royal service guests or what. But we tried to be polite and courteous as much as we can and try to tip as much as we can as we know that the workers are very poor and work so hard (they work 16 hours days). We actually bought a bunch of gifts at the dollar stores and brought them with us to give to the staff and to children whom we see when we went on another excursion and they were very happy to receive them. The food was alright. I must say the presentation is really good but the flavor is a bit different from North American dining. But we expected it so there was nothing to complain about and as other reviewers says, you can always go to the buffet because there is such a huge variety there. The grounds are beautiful and very well kept. We were so impressed to see that there were workers cleaning the pool every morning, they wear snorkels and armed with a broom cleaning the bottom which I thought was very good of them. As Royal Service guests you do get your own beach area and swimming pool. the pool was a bit crowded so we spent most of our time on the beach which was gorgeous. The pool boys were most helpful in finding you sun loungers or bali beds if you wish. We did a photo session with the photographer (it's free) which was ok. the poses were a bit tacky. But what we didn't know was how expensive the pictures were. the minimum order was 10 pictures and each one is $15. Needless to say we didn't buy any. But it was an experience.We also booked a massage at the spa. I wasn't expecting much as I did that once at the sandals in bahamas and thought it was just ok, but this spa is incredible. The service is awesome and the decor is beautiful. The massage was very relaxing too. All in all, we enjoyed this vacation very very much because the hotel was just fabulous and the people so amazing. Would go back in a heartbeat if given the chance. I think when you book these vacations, you have to realize that it is a third world country and you are a GUEST in their country and must behave like one and you will surely enjoy yourself and have a great vacation.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelRN03
<Content>Great Place To Relax I have read many reviews about this place and was actually very hesitant in booking this hotel. My husband and I have been to many all inclusives - this was definitely one of the best ones we have been to! I go to five star rest. in the city and have paid 100+ for a meal and I do not feel the food is horrible in any sort of way. The buffet was a little gross - but all the sit down places were great! Yes - it is not gourmet food - but it is very good food for an all inclusive. I was actually pleasantly surprised because I thought we'd be doing a liquid diet all week and that is not the case. You will not starve here. The pool area and beach are soooooo relaxing. The bali beds are the perfect place to hang out everyday. We had the royal service and I do have to say it is somewhat a waste. It was nice to have a private area and have a butler to help - but that was when your butler was around. We had Ana who really did anything we asked of her. For our anniversary she set up the hot tub for us and had rose petals thrown about and candles. It was very romantic. We did the dinner on the beach for our anniversary and that was also very nice - definitely over priced - but you did it for the experience. Service was fine. Most people spoke english. Night time is a little dead. But in reality we were tired from drinking and laying in the sun all day. We did bring some DVDs with us to watch movies - which turned out to be a great idea.My biggest complaint about the place is that although we didn't see any bugs in our room, I did wind up with bites all over my torso one morning - definitely some bed bugs. This happened on our last 2 nights there - I made a complaint at check out and they said they would look into it. The bathrooms are a bit annoying since you can hear and smell everything.It's a great place to go to relax - you really don't have to think about a thing. It's very beautiful and peaceful - one of the best beaches I've been to in awhile. There is not much else to do on the island or at the resort. We did snorkeling thru the hotel which was fine and we paid extra to go parasailing which was fun as well. If you are just looking to chill out this is a beautiful place to do that. I really don't feel the royal service is worth the extra money - but I also don't have anything to compare it to. If we didn't have it - I don't know if it would have made a difference.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>beachbum292
<Content>Wedding in Paradise After reading some of the very negative reviews on this site, I thought I should write my own review about my stay here. My wife and I chose Paradisus Palma Real for our wedding and we couldn't have picked a more picture perfect place and setting for our big day and it was worth every penny. We stayed from April 27 to May 11 2008. We were a group of 20 and to my surprise, check in was very fast and well organized. The front desk staff were incredible. As it was our wedding, we were disappointed to find 2 double beds in our room with no view of the beach. We spoke with Darling at the front desk and he ensured us a new room by the next morning. After an excellent breakfast at the buffet, we got our new keys and the bell boys moved our luggage to our new room. The view was fantastic. Kelly Hunt, the wedding coordinator at the resort, was amazing as was the rest of the wedding planning staff. I have heard many horror stories of Carribean weddings and have to admit I was reather discouraged from the idea at first. Kelly washed all of those concerns away with no disappointment. The resort also only has one wedding per day, so the whole day and her staff are completely devoted to you. She kept things rolling smoothly. All of our correspondance prior to the wedding was very helpful and she went the extra mile to ensure our day was perfect (even though it rained the morning of our wedding, she was able to keep my wife calm!). The weather cleared up by noon and it was one of the nicest days of the whole trip. We had a modest reception, just dinner and drinks and we brought our own CD's for a couple dances. I would recommend tipping the wedding bar staff BEFORE dinner, not at the end of the night. We waited until the end of the night to tip and suddenly more champagne appeared and the service picked up. I also wouldn't recommend using the resort photographer. We joked that he was probably the same guy who goes around and takes the monkey and lizard pictures....turns out he was. I am sure he does very nice work but the pictures were VERY expensive. We actually found a photographer at a wedding show that was staying at the resort next door to the Paradisus for another wedding. We used him, got a better price. He also did a trash the dress shoot with us....it seems crazy but it's worth it. If you want to find your own photographer, make sure that the resort will let you. We lied and told the resort that our photographer was our uncle who was staying at another resort. When we got home, we went through the pictures and picked the ones we liked instead of wasting an afternoon that could be spent on the beach sitting in the lobby going over pictures. I did not find many language barriers at the resort. I had a bit of trouble ordering my meal done a specific way one day at the Market Grill, but the other side of the menu is in spanish so it was easy to order if you want to take a stab at reading it. The food was good, not like home, but I didn't have any complaints. All of the bartenders were awesome. Victor, Bianca and Natividad were very friendly at the pool bar and the beach bar. By the end of the first week, Victor knew our orders and our names. When you take the time to talk to the staff, you realize that they aren't so different from you or I. The only people that I met at the resort who had complaints regarding the resort staff were rude people. A little politeness, understanding, patience and friendliness goes a long way....you get as much out of a vacation as you put into it. I would recommend Paradisus Palma Real to anyone and if you are thinking of getting married in the Carribean, spend the extra couple bucks for a perfect day!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mamares
<Content>Paradisus Palma is AMAZING! OK, anyone that has negative things to say about this resort must not have stayed at the same Paradisus Palma Real that my husband and I just thoroughly enjoyed. We took a chance on traveling to the Dominican Republic after hearing conflicting reviews from friends. I have to say as soon as we stepped out of the airport van I felt as though we were in paradise. The grounds of this resort are beautiful and impeccably maintained. There was always a friendly face to help with any questions. We were brought to our gorgeous room complete with an ocean view. As someone stated in a prior review, the bathrooms are maybe not as private as an american bathroom but they are certainly not see through glass doors where every detail can be seen. I was expecting to walk into a bathroom with no doors and no privacy. The glass doors are frosted so if you are worried about someone seeing you...get over it! You cannot be seen through the door unless they were standing right next to the door with their eye glued to the panes that are not frosted. The resort pools, bars and restaurants were amazing. There was always a place to find privacy or be with a bunch of people if that is what you chose. We enjoyed Vento, Tapanyaki and the Market Grill for dinners. Passions was a bit overrated as was Gabi Beach. The food was delicious but the service was sometimes a bit rushed in these two restaurants. Naos, the buffet restaurant, was always hopping. If you couldn't find something that you liked there then you are hopeless. Every meal had every possible option from seafood, grilled meats, plentiful fruits, vegetarian options, salads, casseroles, I could go on for days. The choices were endless. I have to say every traveler I overheard talking at the airport was disappointed in their resorts and especially the food. Not us...we were thrilled with our food! We have been to many amazing luxury resorts throughout the US and this is right up there with them!Paradisus Palma Real goes above and beyond in making your vacation one to remember. Every vacation is going to have little glitches and we encountered a few but nothing worth spoiling my week in paradise. My one recommendation is to skip the horseback riding. It is about an hour away through some of the roughest roads you have ever been on. We ate dust for about 5 miles and thought we weren't going to make it back to civilization the way the people drove on the island. It was a great way to see another side of the island and how they truly live but I wouldn't choose to take that ride again if my life depended on it! Be aware of the vultures that are sitting on either end of the beach right off of the resort property. They try to bring you to their stores to sell you their wares but if you are not interested just tell them no firmly and they will leave you alone. They are not allowed on the resort property so they just sit there and wait till you step off. They are harmless and just trying to make a buck. DEFINITELY bargain with them if you are interested in buying anything! They will rip you off if you let them. Overall, this was a great vacation at a lush, tropical resort. The complex is gorgeous and you will be amazed at how well you are taken care of. If you speak spanish all the better! The workers are all natives and most speak broken english. If you speak spanish they will eat you up with kindness and friendliness. Even with my broken spanish they would do their best to communicate and meet our needs! Go see Osvaldo at the Sky Bar. He has to be the friendliest guy in the place and he makes a great drink! Don't have any second thoughts about visiting here! You will not be disappointed!!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>anne101777
<Content>WEDDING PROBLEMS I CANNOT STRESS HOW MUCH ANY COUPLE SHOULE RECONSIDER GETTING MARRIED HERE. IT IS SO BEAUTIFUL HOWEVER THE PROBLEMS WE ENCOUNTERED DO NOT OU WEIGH THE BEAUTY. The first problem arose with the date we chose, for 11 months the date was set and items were engraved for our date. OUR WEDDING PLANNER WAS ON BOARD WITH OUR DATE UNTIL THE DAY WE MET WITH HER FOR THE FIRST TIME FACE TO FACE. THREE DAYS BEFORE WE WERE SET WITH ALL ITEMS ENGRAVED WITH MAY 16, WE WERE TOLD WE COULD NOT HAVE THAT DATE DUE TO PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS. ( I HAVE A FEELING SHE KNEW MORE THAN 3 DAYS PRIOR!) we are now waiting with no resoponse to our calls or emails for our paperwork that was supposed to be done and in our hands in 3 months! it has ow been over 6 months and no one has any idea where it is or what has happened. so now back in the U.S. we are not recognized by our country as a married couple! am so upset and all i want is to inform new couples about the info they do not tell you and all the while we were told everything is ok!!!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	5	3	2	2	4	

<Author>SandyB1121
<Content>Great Vacation Spot This is a great vacation spot! Whether you are single, a couple, a group, or a family with 3 generations traveling together, you will enjoy this vacation! Everything is included (even all the bottled water you need for drinking AND brushing your teeth!). Food is very good for a large property and drinks are aplenty. Our kids (2, 5, 7) loved the beach and the pools and the kids program (which they went to for about 1-2 hours each day). Rosa (the kids program counselor) is terrific and is able to organize a group of kids that speak many different languages. Talk about flexible! There were some great activities for the kids including finger painting and bungee. Rooms are spacious and beds are comfortable (not the sofa beds though). Staff is super-friendly every where you go. It was an easy flight from Phila and we would go again.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Diamonds01
<Content>WORST EXPERIENCE! Do NOT stay here!!! This hotel is not worth the money! Do NOT STAY HERE! We paid extra for the Royal service which turned out to be the Royal Screw You Service! Very over-rated!! No One understands english and they play everything off that they don't understand what you say so they don't have to accomidate you. Our butler messed up our dinner reservations so bad one night, they almost refused to let us eat in a resturant that wasn't even 25% full. We have to find a manager that spoke english and that took over an hour then we were finally seated to eat! Shouldn't have been such a big deal- the resturant wasn't busy!!Our room in the Royal Service was nice but did see bugs from time to time.We asked for a late check out - (Check out is normally 12 and we wanted to check out at 1) they told us our room was promised to someone else for early check in and we had to be out by 12- funny when we arrived at the hotel originally they told us there was no early check in and then when we want late check out there magically is early check in for someone else. HORRIBLE HOTEL! No where near a 5 star hotel! We are a young couple with money to spend and they treated us like DIRT! I won $50 in the casino and the next morning I wanted them to break the $50 so I could go shopping in the local markets with 1's, 5's and 10's and they gave us the run around- NO ONE WOULD MAKE CHANGE! What kind of hotel doesn't accomidate when we want to spend money! Just blows my mind! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE THINK TWICE ABOUT STAYING HERE- DON'T MAKE THE MISTAKE WE DID!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	2	1	1	4	

<Author>Krissy7159
<Content>Amazing Stay! Don't Listen To The Bad Reviews! The Palma Real is the best resort you could stay at in Punta Cana. My best friend and I just returned last night and we had an amazing time. This resort is 5 star as well as the staff. The food was good, the staff spoke great English, the weather was perfect, the resort wasn't crowded, and there was always something to do at the resort. I can't believe that anyone would ever complain about this resort. I have been all over and have stayed at dozens of all inclusive resorts and this one is by far at the top of my list. I would go back in a heartbeat. Don't listen to the bad reviews on this resort. If you don't love it, there is something wrong with you! I would recommend the Paradisus to anyone!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fernando50
<Content>Horrible, extremely overated So, i just came back from the palma de crap. i have stayed in the other paradisus in punta cana and it by far exceeds the palma real. this was by far absolutely the worst the hotel that i have stayed in. so not worth the 400 a night, especially when the hotel was only 26% occuppied. They lacked simple things like black label. what kind of 5 star resport does not have black label, and charges for absolute vodka. this place was extemely overated.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	5	2	1	1	

<Author>SarahBanana
<Content>Beautiful honeymoon My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon and I wanted to write a short review to help any would-be travellers. Our first night there, there was a tropical storm and power outage, which worried us, but after about an hour everything was restored and we didn't encounter any more problems. We were very happy with the service and found all staff extremely helpful, whether or not they spoke any English. We enjoyed the off-season feeling and having so much space to ourselves, so the fact that some of the restaurants were closed...oh well. Despite what some people have written, I will admit to being quite the foodie and my husband and I were very happy with the food experiences. Sure, there were cooking styles and ingredients that were unfamiliar with, but we knew that being in another country the food wouldn't be the same. Quite frankly if we wanted the same food as we get at home we'd have stayed home. We especially enjoyed the Tempanayaki grill and Vento. Remember, men must wear closed shoes, no sandals or sport shoes in the upscale restaurants. We had brought only sandals and flipflops, so had to visit the nearby mall for new shoes.We found the beautiful sites, the gorgeous rooms (the bathrooms did take getting used to) and courteous service to far outweigh any little snafus. We would definetely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a romantic and relaxed getaway!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelingMan75
<Content>Not so much..... Ok, I鈥檒l make this pretty simple but I鈥檒l be sure to be as detailed as possible. We're a young couple in our late 20's who visited the DR and this hotel specifically for a close friend's wedding. We just got back this week. My feelings were confirmed in that I would never opt to stay at an all inclusive for the reasons ill lay out below. We are very well traveled, and have been to many resorts in the past, so we a lot to compare this to. I know people tend to be very picky on these reviews after spending a lot of money per night at a resort鈥?.my below review has nothing to do with what we paid鈥?I would write the same review if we stayed at an airport Marriott and paid $100 a night鈥?This is the first review I have written because I just want to warn people what they are walking into. The resort is beautiful, the water is very pretty from afar and the rooms were nice鈥?the staff was also very nice. As you get closer to the water or into the water you will see the abundance of seaweed and sea grass鈥?not the end of the world, but certainly not the most welcoming beach. Service was really nice鈥?we brought a ton of $1鈥檚 and handed them out pretty regularly鈥?.it鈥檚 a very poor island, so it was much appreciated. For some reason the toilet鈥檚 have clear glass doors on them in the rooms, and then the bathroom is pretty much open to the rest of the room鈥︹€e prepared to get very close with whoever you are sharing a room with because there is no privacy. You hear, smell, and know everything that is going on in the bathroom if you are in the main part of the hotel room. We had an ocean view which was great and well worth the extra money (I would not opt for the Royal Service as it seems to be a way to squeeze you for more money with limited benefits). All this is great, but to me, eating is a major part of survival and a major part of having a nice vacation. To say that the food is atrocious would be putting it mildly. I鈥檒l be honest, I am a bit of a food snob in that I like to actually eat things that are edible鈥?.i鈥檝e eaten at some of the finest restaurants in the country and can still find enjoyment with a hot dog off a street cart, so I鈥檓 just looking for something that is eatable鈥?.I鈥檝e had better buffet experiences at the local 7/11 where at least the nacho鈥檚 and hot dog鈥檚 taste like food and not shoe leather and blood. The meat is so repulsive that the fact that it鈥檚 called a hamburger is shocking in its own way. Bana the Tepen-yaki joint would have been fine, but they cooked the food until you couldn鈥檛 recognize it anymore. Naos and Market grill are the only 2 lunch options鈥?Market grill is actually the most eatable option in the resort.,鈥?this is due mostly to the fact that the cook who runs the flat top actually has some sort of culinary training. He knows how to make a skirt steak and its semi decent (again, I wouldn鈥檛 pay $5 bucks for this in the US, but in comparison to rest of the resort this is like eating at Arnie Morton鈥檚!). Dinner鈥?.wow was this rough. Apparently there is one kitchen between all 4 鈥渦pscale鈥?dinner dinning options. The restaurants are all surrounding this one kitchen and its all really the same food dressed up to look ethnic for each different theme鈥?.fine, I can deal with that if the food is actually food鈥?.but, I wouldn鈥檛 serve my dog what was served to me. We鈥檙e talking about food that was obviously cooked at 5:00 pm, held in chaffing dishes, and then literally microwaved (I know this because the chicken was cold to the touch, but when you cut it open it exploded with steam). Vento is disgusting! Don鈥檛 eat there鈥?Passion is even worse. I ate pasta and rice for 6 days until I begged my wife to go with me to Hard Rock caf茅 at their sister hotel鈥?.I had to eat enough at hard rock to hold me the rest of the week. Even the bread at this hotel is awful. Breakfast was probably the safest out of the 3 meals鈥?you鈥檙e safe with eggs and pancakes鈥?.hard to mess that up. All and all we had a great time because we had a lot of friends there and drank an enormous amount of booze. I guess we made up for what we didn鈥檛 eat with what we drank. We didn鈥檛 get physically sick from the food (but emotionally I was damaged), so I guess that鈥檚 also a bonus. I wouldn鈥檛 go back for the food reason and because I think there are just way too many beautiful places in the Caribbean which aren鈥檛 3rd world countries.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	3	5	3	5	

<Author>MrsSmith20
<Content>Paradise can only describe it! My husband and I went on our honeymoon at the Paradisus Palma Real. We stayed there from September 22nd through the 29th. It was unbelievable! When we first arrived, it rained for the first day and a half, but after that the weather cleared right up and was perfect. As soon as we arrived to the property, we were greeted by the staff that carried our luggage to our room while we checked in. We did pay the extra for Royal Service and it was well worth it. After checking in, our butler gave us a tour of the property, escorted us to our room, and then gave us the breakdown of what she could do for us during our stay.She was very helpful reserving reservations for us, private Bali beds at the Royal Service pool, turning down our bed every night and even drawing me and my husband a romantic bath in the jacuzzi tub in our room! (Candles, incents, bath salts, champagne鈥?the works!) We had a butler change midway through our stay. My husband and I went to dinner that night and returned to our bed turned down with rose petals on it shaped in a heart and a note from the new butler stating she was happy to serve us! It was wonderful!There is a theatre on the property and every night there are shows. The food was great, too! I loved the Japanese Teppanyaki tables in the Bana restaurant. They were fabulous! And the bartender for the Bana, Freddy, made the best martinis on Earth! Also, with Royal Service status, you have access to 24 hour room service. We ordered French toast and a pastry basket almost every morning for breakfast! Room service was prompt as well. Another great aspect was that everyone there was friendly and did not treat you as just another dumb tourist. They actually seemed to enjoy making your visit memorable. The grounds of the resort were immaculate. Both the main pool and the Royal Service pool were amazing. The Bali beds are covered with thatch roofing and each one has a chandelier made of sea shells. All very romantic. If the pool isn鈥檛 your thing, the beach was just as impressive. The sand was soft and white and the ocean beckoned to everyone on the beach! The room was great and the comfort of the bed even better. I really hadn鈥檛 slept so good on any other bed my entire life! I鈥檝e seen reviews that complained about the door to the toilet not providing enough privacy, but all you have to do is shut the door to the bathroom and draw the blinds to and viola. It鈥檚 not as private as your average American household bathroom, but definitely not a deal breaker.Included in our package was a 鈥淒iscovering Scuba鈥?dive with the on site dive company. After the first dive, my husband and I loved it so much we decided to get our open water certification while we were there. We dove in the ocean a total of 4 times and were amazed by the reefs and fish we saw. We also took advantage of the YHI Spa. The body scrubs and stone massages were so relaxing!I can鈥檛 think of one bad thing to say about this resort. It鈥檚 modern, beautiful, exciting, soothing, romantic and even luxurious. The service and food was exceptional. I really wish I could have stayed there longer! The entire experience exceeded our expectations and my husband and I will definitely be returning for one of our anniversaries very soon! I would definitely recommend this resort for honeymooners and couples alike.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>alpinevelocity
<Content>Should have gone on a cruise for half the price! We just came back a couple of weeks ago from a 7-night stay for our honeymoon at Palma Real. I'm 32 and my wife is 28. I wanted to write an objective and unbiased review based on my experience to help others who might be considering this place. Unfortunately, due to a tropical system we had non-stop rain for the first four days of our stay. I do not hold any negative feelings toward the resort in this regard, after all they can't control the weather.In a nutshell, the property and grounds are beautiful and impeccably maintained. Clean and spacious rooms, manicured lawns, and very good general upkeep of the property. We were upgraded to Royal Service and had the assistance of a personal butler. Although our first butler was attentive and helpful in securing reservations to the restaurants that required it, our second butler assigned to us halfway through our stay was never heard from. I would definitely not pay the extra $150/night for this sham service. Overall service and attentiveness was pretty good and the employees were friendly, but there was room for improvement and more pampering.The room was great except for the toilet situation. There is a need for more personal privacy. This is very tacky and makes it somewhat uncomfortable, especially for someone in my situation as a newlywed. The toilets are inside the bathroom area but are only separated by a 2/3 size glass door with huge two-foot gaps at the top and bottom. Also, while there are nice jacuzzis inside every room, there isn't a heated one poolside anywhere on the resort, except at their spa which you must pay extra to access. Their famous spa is worthless and you can find a better one at your local neighborhood gym. Don't waste your time and money here, though my wife did have a 50 minute massage which she says she enjoyed.My biggest problem was with their food. This is is a five-star resort with 2-3 star food, and I'm being generous. Unfortunately, good food was the exception rather than the rule. Look, I enjoy good food and do consider myself an adventurous eater but I am in no way a food snob. I can find as much delight in eating fresh sushi and imported meats and cheese as much as tasty tacos and good meatloaf at an old fashioned diner. Their Naos world cuisine buffet just plain sucks. Any cheap $6 buffet in the US or a Luby's will beat their flavor and selection. I tried to avoid eating there at all costs. Breakfast was the only decent meal there. Unfortunately, for non Royal Service guests this horrible place is the only option for breakfast and lunch. The rest of the restaurants (that require reservations) were decent but lacking in overall flavor. Plate presentation was beautiful and the ingredients were mostly fresh, but food was often overcooked and just did not taste good. It was all looks with no substance. Coming from the U.S., don't even try the steaks. You will not like them. The meat is very tough and tastes very different than American beef, you can really taste the blood in every bite. As expected, the seafood selections were among the better items. Many dishes would have been much better if they would just have kept it simpler. They tried to over-reach with lots of sauces that did not taste good or complement the ingredients. After a while I noticed that all their sauces were a slight variation of the same nasty stuff.Also, their beach activities are very limited with no motorized watersports. The company they contract with for the acivities Scuba Caribe and its representatives will try high-pressure sales tactics to sell you everything they can that is not included. I went to Catalina Island for what was supposed to be a scuba adventure and they cancelled the trip due to raw sewage flowing into the sea from the island. We did get our money back, but it took three days of them supposedly not having any change. The only activities included are: Kayaking/canoeing, catamaran sailing, windsurfing (which for some reason was never available), and pedal boats. I did all but windsurfing one day and pedal boats and kayaks were extremely BORING followed closely on the boring scale by the catamaran. There is no horseback riding on the beach (you have to go inland), and the one kinda fun thing we did get to do was the Segway off-road tour which was not included.Considering the price (not cheap), I paid US$453/night on sale, I would have opted to go on a cruise instead. We could've had a top-of-the line room, the food would have been way better and there would have been lots more fun activities to choose from. Not to mention the fact that you could visit different ports of call. While Punta Cana is nice, there is not much to do other than lay out on the beach and get a killer tan. I would not go back to this resorts and probably will be staying away from the all-inclusive type resort.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	2	3	3	

<Author>rbar28
<Content>loved the place highly recommended       garden  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Newfielover
<Content>A Must My husband and I just got back from Paradise, This was our first time in the Dominican Republic and it was wonderful. We have traveled to alot of different places, but this was by far one of the nicest hotels we have stayed at. The hotel itself was beautiful from the rooms to the pool, to the beach, nothing was left untouched. The service was amazing, they were always on top of everything. The only down fall was alot of the employees did not speak very good english. The food was good they had several different restruants to choose from, so you did not get tired of the same thing. The shows they had in the evening were great not some cheesey shows you would expect. We did not do any of the tours offered we just went to relaxed. We did scuba dive one day, but not all that great. Not the place to go if you are just looking to dive. Diffently the place to go if you are wanting a great relaxing vacation where you do not have to lift a finger. We did not get the Royal Service we got a regular garden view room but to our surprise the garden view room we got had a great ocean view which I think all would if you are either on the 2nd or 3rd floors. We were glad we did not pay the extra for the royal service. The service we had was just as good. I guess of you just want that little extra it might be worth it. Tip on shopping, they do have there own mall on the property, but of course it was expensive, but if you walk down the beach in either direction about 10 minutes there are little shops with local goodies, just beware you will become the locals best friend real fast. We did find that some of the stuff in the hotel gift shop was cheaper then the locals were selling it, so just check around. I beleive that anyone that has a complaint about this hotel is probably not happy with anywhere they go. This was truly a GREAT VACATION and we can not wait to go back!!!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marcey819
<Content>Luxurious Stay! This resort has to be the best in Punta Cana. We were able to see a few others as we dropped off other travelers from the airport and none were as nice as this! It is beautiful, clean and has excellent service. Staff is very nice and accomodating. Rooms were spacious, clean and beautiful! Go with the Royal Service, its well worth the money to have a private pool, beach area and access to certain restaurants! I felt like a celebrity! The butler is over rated and was not around, however you just call the Royal Service desk for anything you want! The dinners were excellent, lunch not so good in the buffett. There isnt much to do here though. It was perfect for us though because we just wanted to lay around relax and sleep in the sun on our honeymoon. There was a lot of privacy and seclusion as well with the Royal Service. Overall, worth the money and a relaxing luxurious trip! PS- Please tip the staff, they work very hard and were very appreciative! Even though it is all inlcusive, they deserve the extra!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LeeBee18
<Content>Beautiful Hotel The hotel, beach, accomodations, etc are spectacular. The staff - mainly the nightshift staff, desperately need some work in customer service. There were 12 of us in our group. The first night, two of the girls in our group received 3 obscene phone calls and they were very upset. We checked in at about 10:30pm and there was no one else checking in, nor in the lobby. The only people that knew anyone was in that particular room was the staff, and of course the girls (ages 21) are very cute. When this was brought to the attention of the staff the next day, they shrugged off, saying that there was nothing they could do. Another couple of our group had to change rooms twice. The first room, the roof leaked over the beds (night-time staff's resolution was to put down a towel!). The second room, the breaker kept tripping, therefore no power and no a/c. They fixed it 5 times before giving us another room. We all realize these incidents happen and in no way blame the hotel for this, nor let this ruin our holiday. What was inexcusable is the rudeness of the staff - once again, the nightshift front desk.The resort itself is beautiful. Even though we had two and half days of rain, it didn't detract from our vacation. There was always something to do and the desk staff aside, all the other staff was fabulous. The beds that they have around the pool area are comfortable and plentiful. There was never a problem getting a palapa on the beach, even for a group our size.The food was very good. Surprisingly, the unanimous consensus was that the Japanese restaurant was our favourite. Most of us are not all that adverturous when it comes to our food, so we were pleasantly surprised and we opted to go there twice.The rooms were very spacious and the beds extemely comfortable.....one of the best hotel beds I've experienced! The bathroom is a European layout, which means you really don't have a lot of privacy in there. The decor was outstanding tho'.One word of warning - if it's raining, be extremely careful getting around as all the gorgeous marble everywhere gets extremely slippery - I am speaking from experience.All in all, it was an excellent vacation, save for the front desk staff. I would highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>mafeflorida
<Content>Perfect Small Destination Wedding       View from Main lobby  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>HooeyAndHamster
<Content>Beautiful grounds, not activity-friendly My husband and I were given an all-inclusive trip to Paradisus. We did not make the reservations nor had a choice of where to stay. If we had, we would have stayed somewhere less catered and more adventurous. If you are looking for adventure, do not stay here. If you are a diver, do not stay here. This place is geared toward getting drunk and lying on the beach.Prior to our arrival, I had my Spanish-speaking friend call and try to get me and my husband on the list for a dive to Catalina Island the morning after we were to arrive. They would not book us for the dive and said that we just needed to sign up when we got there. We arrived after the dive shop closed (just before 6pm) and when I went to the activity desk at the hotel, I was refused any help. She would not call the dive shop and leave a message for us or try to help us in any way. She said they were a separate entity from the hotel and they did not arrange dive trips. I got up at 6am the next morning and walked to the dive shop hoping to catch someone gearing up for the trip. No one came so I assume no one else had signed up for it. The Catalina Island trip only goes twice weekly and we weren't there long enough to catch a second opportunity.We had a room near the back of the facility and it was absolutely beautiful! However, there was road work going on outside our room and they started very early every morning. Every other morning the groundskeepers were out mowing and weed-eating early too. You could also hear the people above us walking around and talking.I went walking around the grounds one night, taking pictures. I'd walked down a stone pathway between rooms and was met by a night patrolman in a golf cart. He said he needed to escort me down the pathway because there was an armed guard at the end by the fence. That scared me a bit, so I just went back to my room.The grounds were immaculate with lots of great photo opportunities. The rooms were beautiful as was the beach. The food was average, but we did get to try some local foods. All-inclusive is nice and food was almost always available somewhere on the grounds. The hotel hosted a Dominican night with a local band and lots of local vendors. This became the highlight of our trip. Great food, fun people, and lots to see and buy. Remember to barter! I found a necklace, bracelet, earrings set and the vendor was asking $250.00 USD. I talked him down to $35.00 USD for all of it.Overall it was a good trip but there was not much for us to do.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>canadianm0mmy
<Content>5* Service and Great Food!       part of the main pool  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>njtrvlngrl
<Content>Paradise Found       Plaza in gold  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hakandjenni
<Content>Awesome resort ! This resort has everything you need, from shopping mall, to golf course, great beach, beautiful rooms and the food is excellent. We stayed with my husband last month, for our anniversary and it was the best week ever. Some all inclusive hotel have really cheap food and service (we tried a couple) but is not the case in here. The people of dominican republic gave us really good service too. You have to try all the restaurants they have, (our favorite VENTO!) and at night casino. I left all my important belongings at the safe box (like we do in every hotel) and nothing happend. Yes, the bug you a little with the time share deal but we heard what they have to say, did not work for us, and that was it. We love it, we are coming back.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LIRon53
<Content>Credit card stolen Just back from Paradisus Palma Real, my wife and I booked Royal Service. We had a room on the first floor number 1098 close to the Royal service pool. As the title of the review states my wife had her purse and credit card stolen from our room. We returned from a walk along the beach at 10:30 in the morning on Saturday to find the maid and the butler standing at the door with my wife's wallet and FAA badge asking if they belonged to her. The credit card issued to her for business travel was missing. All the other credit cards were in the wallet. We made several calls to the US and we were able to have the card cancelled within two hours . We contacted security immediately and we we assured they would contact us the next day. We also contacted the person in charge of the complex and again were assured they would get back to us. No one ever got back to us. The room was locked the only people with access to the room are employee's of the hotel. Also my wife was at the Spa the next day and a woman was complaining her watch was stolen. Aslo room service would come by and 11 pm wanting to make up the room this happened several times. The hotle was not crowded we were their week og Aug 21 - 25 they had all day to make up the room. The hotel is very nice and the grounds are beautiful just leave your credit cards at home.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Jenn20
<Content>Truly PARADISE!!!!       The beach  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>plf1234
<Content>Beautiful resort but food and service not up to par The resort is beautiful. The beach and pool are magnificent except for tons of seaweed at the beach. There are plenty of shaded lounge chairs at both the pool and beach. The hotel has plenty of towels and towel service is on the honor system-no checking towels in and out...definitely a plus. We did not use royal service and found that we were treated as 2nd class citizens. It was difficult to make a dinner reservation between 6PM and 9:15PM because this large time block was reserved for the royal service guests. The assigned concierge's main job is not to assist you but rather to harass you to attend the Sol Melia Vacation Club presentation. We eventually went and it was the biggest waste of time. The salesman never got to the point and could not answer basic questions about the product. After a half hour if listening to this garbage, we decided that we were not interested and wanted to leave and we were denied our promised $50 spa credit because we didn't stay for the full 90 minutes. The restaurants were very average, nothing spectacular, either in food or service. The best restaurant was Passion, but since the tasting menu did not change, we only ate there twice. The Market Grille was the next best pick, serving surf and turf. The other restaurants were really substandard. Despite drinking only the bottled water, our entire party came down with both abdominal issues and severe skin rashes, diagnosed as hot tub dermatitus. We have been back for a week and these issues are still with us.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	2	2	

<Author>OlgaSe
<Content>The Best Vacation in Dominican Republic My husband and I stayed at this all inclusive hotel. We had a great vacation. The room was beautifully decorated with sitting area and balcony, the grounds well kept with all kinds of flowers and tropical plants, extra large pools with many Jacuzzis, the staff was friendly and very helpful and the food was excellent. We recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Tooomm
<Content>Do not waste your money here       fence against kids  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>cgrove82
<Content>You have got to get the Royal Service       dominican night  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fro_Thrill_40_PRJay
<Content>Fantastic Resort Six thirtysomethings (4 male, 2 female) from New York stayed here for a long golf weekend. We had a wonderful time. Royal Service plan is a must. Royal Service has adults only pool, butler service, and beds on the beach. Minor disappointment was having to hunt down butler or butler not answereing the provided cellular phone. However, they get you whatever you want. Food is the best on the island. Gabi Beach and Passion had the best dinners for us. Excursions leave right from property. Try the party boat. Golf and shopping mall at very front of property...a short bell boy chauffeured golf cart ride down the road. Pools and bars are amazing. Quiet reort with little or no nightlife...we made our own. Staff is VERY friendly if you are not an obnoxious stuck up traveler...try out your Spanish, it's fun! Both family friendly and romantic at same time. Amazing place and we will return, maybe for a wedding!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nc89wolf
<Content>VERY NICE ALL INCLUSIVE If you like all inclusive this place is awesome. I have been to many all inclusives only to find that they do a great job of making it difficult to eat or drink, epecially liquor or beer, but not here. We went with 6 other couples and had a wonederful time. We were able to drink top shelf liquors and had a choice of beers like the local presidente, Corona or Budweiser. I personally was glad to see a Bud. The rooms are big with a great bathroom and shower along with a hot tub. Balconies have ocean view and the bed is very comfortable. The food it adequate and what I would expect from an all inculsive. The buffet has great choice for breakfast and lunch. The pool is awesome with a great swim up bar. Plenty of chairs and space to lounge. The beach was well maintained and had plenty of shady spaces for when the sun was too much. I would not recommend this resort for families with young children, although I did see them there, as there is not much for them to do. No slides, activities etc, The staff was generally friendly and willing however there can be a language barrier with most of them.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Shameka
<Content>Loved the Resort       One of the professional shows  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Spidermom1
<Content>Check your bad attitude at the door and enjoy paradise!!! So I sometimes think maybe I have visited a completely different place than the others that write these reviews. I stressed a little before traveling because I read some bad reviews, but I knew to take most of them with a grain of salt and know that some people are inexperienced travelers. I wasn't even planning on writing a review until I read the ridiculous post by whomever on August 2nd saying how terrible the place was, and how could they expect a tip for the little they do for you?!Not true. In fact, maybe she should have planned her trip a little better and spent a little less on whatever for her wedding to leave a little extra money for the people who are CONSTANTLY working to make that place beautiful.We just honeymooned there after staying at one of the family of hotels in Puerto Rico for our wedding, and we had an amazing experience at both places. It is all inclusive, but if you can't spare a few extra bucks here and there you don't deserve any preferential treatment, which we had plenty of. I will say that we spent a little extra for royal service, so worth it. You get whisked away to the royal service lounge for check in, smooth and so cordial. We arrived during tea time for snacks and some complimentary champagne. The only caution I would give is we heard people on our way in and out complaining about an eaten debit card in the bank machine on property, but are any of you seriously planning on going out of the country with only your bank card on you? Please. I forgot to mention we took a taxi to the hotel, I think $35 and pretty simple. Also, if you end up in Royal Service look for Kevin. He is in charge of renting the movies and make sure you ask him Que lo que? It means what the what and he seemed to get a kick out of it when we did our best to speak spanish with him. In fact, everyone seemed to appreciate it and actually helped us to learn some new words and phrases. Basically, don't treat people like crap and they won't treat you like crap.Anyway, from check in we went to our room with our butler after our tour around the property, which was helpful because there is a lot to know and a lot offered. Our butler made dinner reservations for us every night. We didn't always want to eat at the place we had our res. or at the time that was set, but if you call on the handy little cell phone they give you (call before 4) they will change it to whatever you want.Our food was fantastic. I think another reason to pony up for royal service. Gabi Beach has the best atmosphere and good food. I was really impressed with the presentation of every restaurant, and I have been working in fine dining for years.Passion was fun for one night but it is a coursed out meal that was more of a tasting menu. My new husband doesn't normally go for stuff like that but we really enjoyed the seafood tasting. Vento is fantastic. I think that may be Royal service as well, but the breakfast and lunch there are outstanding, as it the service. The hibachi was fun, but we were on our honeymoon and that was enough socializing for the week for us.Okay so the pool. Main pool was crowded, but we always had a cabana/palapa bed reserved for us with our name on it at the Royal Service pool (another great benefit) Only thing there was a lot of PDA, I've got no problem with it but I saw a few things I could have lived without. But people are doing there own thing on vacation, right? The bartender at the pool is the sweetest man ever, always checking to see if I wanted whatever drink I had chosen for that day. And again for the cheapos, the one day I gave him $10 in the morning because he had been so good to us, and when my husband tried to tip him a couple bucks later he said I already took good care of him.Upon my request, the one night we came back from dinner to a candlelit jacuzzi and sparking wine, which was fun and they timed it perfectly because the water was super hot!One day we went to the right of the resort and took a boat plane ride with a frenchman, that was a lot of fun! We also went scubadooing which is like something out of a Johnny Quest cartoon. We kayaked for a while but it was a little uncomfortable. Also if you go down the beach to the left of the resorts you will get bombarded by what my husband call the bandits, they wait for you to leave the resort (with a ton of security that doesn't allow them there) and they want you to shop at there stores. Some are ok and some are a little scary. I would say no thanks and visit the ones to the right of the resort. Just as cheap if you bargain but not as rough. To the left, however, there are a couple of massage huts for $40/hour. They were busy when we went but they looked pretty nice for the money.About the sales pitch for the vacation club. Your choice, but like anything else, use your bargaining chip. We held them off for a while, and didn't accept their $100. At the other resort we stayed at they offered us a few days in Cozumel but we didn't have time for the tour since we were getting married! We told this to the salesman, and he explained that they no longer give the free days away. We told him what cabana we would be in and said to find us if they started giving the trips away again, and sure enough 10 min later he showed up with the promise of a one week stay and any of their 3 resorts in DR, we just have to pay for the all inclusive feature ($80/person/day) FREE VACATION! BTW, we went and visited the Paradisus Punta Cana, no comparison. This resort goes above and beyond your expectations. Just get off your high horse and check your attitude at the door. You're on vacation. Act like it and enjoy yourself! I cannot imagine how some of these people with their bad reviews behave once they have to return to the daily grind of life after their terrible experiences in Paradise.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DCHotelSnobs
<Content>Must Read if you're serious about staying at Paradisus Palma Real We've read all the reviews of this place going back 1 year. Here are our observations. This was our 10 year anniversary and have traveled many times to the caribbean. This is our 6th all-inclusive resort.Overall, our experience was 4 out of 5. Here鈥檚 why:鈥?Food 鈥?exceeded our expectations鈥?Resort  Grounds 鈥?met/exceeded expectations鈥?Beach 鈥?met/lower than expectationso If you weren鈥檛 鈥榬oyal service鈥?than you had a smaller strip of beach AND by 9am all beach chairs/cabanas were already 鈥榮aved鈥?with books or towels, etc. it was very, very frustrating.鈥?Service 鈥?met/exceeded expectations鈥?Friendliness of staff 鈥?exceeded expectations鈥?Flight 鈥?met expectations鈥?Room 鈥?met / lower than expectations鈥?Value 鈥?Met/slightly lower than expectations鈥?Entertainment 鈥?met/lower than expectations but the horseback riding was awesome. Biggest complaints 鈥?didn鈥檛 know to such extent that this property was also a time share property. At check-in, we were assisted by 鈥淎ntonio鈥?who I thought was helping us get reservations for dinner and activities for the week. It turned out he was only interested in helping us so that we鈥檇 sit through a 2 hour long sales presentation. I had already given him $20US at this point because he was 鈥榯aking care of us,鈥?and told him we鈥檇 given him 45-minutes for the presentation. We said no thanks to the sales person who was very cool and was low pressure 鈥?but as soon as Antonio found out we weren鈥檛 interested in buying 鈥?he totally cooled to us and didn鈥檛 help us the rest of the week. In fact 鈥?he overpromised confirmed reservations and we had to scramble some of the nights to get into what we thought we had. Beach chairs / cabanas 鈥榮aved鈥?with non-existent people and only their towels or books. Biggest Loves: Food variety and Restaurant options. It was our 2nd trip to the DR. I won鈥檛 go back to this resort but would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>DAR2599
<Content>A Lost Opportunity This is a property that had the opportunity to be a great resort but they squandered their opportunity. The physical plant is quite nice with a modern sculpture garden that is the centerpiece of their lobby. However, they fall short when it comes to their personnel. Check-in was long and frustrating. Their front desk was woefully understaffed. Within twenty-four hours of our arrival, the hotel staff spent two hours trying to sell us a membership in their vacation club. When we turned them down, they made it seem that we had wasted their time when in fact they had wasted ours. Trying to get food or drink service often meant standing up at the dining table in order to attract a waiter. The food was actually quite good. Their entertainment/nightly shows were another story. The shows repeatedly started one to two hours after the advertised time. The resort lacked basics such as ping-pong tables, pool tables, and jet skis. This was problematic when the teens are looking for activities with which to spend their time.Their housekeeping was highly variable in quality. Though the hotel advertised that it had free internet access, they charged daily access fees plus a $12 fee for a 12 inch ethernet cable. Overall, we were highly disappointed with the facility especially since it was advertised as a 4.5 star resort. I would look elsewhere if you are planning a trip to the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	1	2	2	

<Author>matadorm
<Content>Don't bother unless you like parasites!       The fountain in the center of the courtyard  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Terra12
<Content>Absolutely Loved it!! Paradise Found!!       Resort  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Darinhayes
<Content>Very Nice!! My wife and I traveled with her sister and husband ( seperate rooms) and had a great time. This place is very plush and beautiful and the workers are very kind and eager to serve.I do not recommend the Royal Service as we did not have it and others that we talked to that did, said they had about the same service we did. We bought our 7day stay on Ebay for about $1000.00 US from Wannado vacations as long as we agreed to go to the 90 minute seminar. It was worth it as no one bugged us from the travel club all week due to the fact that we had an extra VIP bracelet that sort of warded the sales people off. I would recommend doing this to others to save some cash and aggravation.The food was good but after a week of staying there in the D.R. we were glad to get back to some home cooking.We were a bit disappointed with the water at the beach as it has many spots of seaweed growing on the bottom making the water appear dark instead of the normal tropical blue.The golf course was very nice but do not be fooled into thinking it is included in the price. They do not charge you a greens fee but they do charge a mandatory $30 pp for a cart and if you rent clubs (Taylor Made Burners - very nice!) it costs another $44 US.The pool was awesome as we had never seen one so big!As others have said the night life was much to be desired.All in all a very relaxing trip.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ntpinc1234
<Content>FABULOUS!!!!!! Where to start , where to start? I have traveled to many places and have to say in my experience this was one of the best resorts I ever stayed at. the hotel was booked and actually over booked but this worked to my advantage as they upgraded us to a junior suite. FABULOUS CLEAN EXCEPTIONAL. Large jacuzzi in the room living room and extra extra large king sized bed. the bathroom has a separate shower stall and separate toleit stall and the room was the cleanest I have ever seen. This all inclusive included an extensive room service menu ( and it was hot when we got it ) although the pizza was lousy. This hotel includes horseback riding and snorkling along with pottery classes cooking, flower arraging etc all INCLUDED. The food was superb as well as the drinks . The attention to detail was unbelieveable . We did the dolphin excursion and it was OK $ 110.00 per person ands all you get to do in go in a tank and pet them and have a picture taken. The souvineers are way to expensive so bring lots of money, a small coin purse for $ 10.00 ! I would recommand this for familys and couples but not for singles. any questions email me NTPINC1234@aol.com, BUT GO It was worth every penny  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thefoureyedpanda
<Content>Nice hotel perhaps the nest choice in Punta Cana The Paradisus Palma Real is a Melia all inclusive property in a very beautiful beach in Punta Cana. We had two connecting rooms one of which had a large dinning table, kitchen, full size fridge and LCD TV, also three sinks separate bedroom and a jacuzzi. The other room was smaller but also nice.We opted for Family Concierge which is in my view a good idea as it makes life much easier if you have small children, also the booking of restaurants can be done as soon as you arrive, something that I greatly encourage.Staff varies from totally indifferent to really helpful but clearly trainning is lacking which is not unusual for Melia. Check in was a breeze and the amenity kits for kids are very nice including robes and many other things.Pools and beach are excellent, clean and safe. family Concierge gets you a bungallow booked at the pool and beach if you so desire. Very nice.Food is good but most of the restaurants are subpar. At Bana only Teppanyaki is worth the time, both the sushi bar and the Chinese restaurant are supermarket quality. The main buffet is very good with a wide variety of seafood choices including occasionally lobster and a large supply of shrimp. Vento is pretentious but the food is very uninteresting. Gabi is a bit better. We gave up on the restaurants and just used the buffet for lunch and dinner. Check out was a bad experience: couldn麓t get a copy of the bill, couldn麓t get the deposit cancelled and finally the cashier had no change for my cash payment. Pathetic and stupid for a property this size and with these prices. Worse than all was that the person manning the checkout desk didn麓t know how to deal with these issues with elegance. That麓s where Melia usually fails and of course leaves a bad taste for nothing.Finally, the casino is very poorly managed and a hotel of this supposed category in the Dominican Republic not having a cigar lounge is just inexcusable.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>BK11214
<Content>Cant wait to go back!       great  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TexasTravelGirl08
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       This is from the lobby looking out to the lounge area and ocean/pool area  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Newlyweds89
<Content>WONDERFUL HONEYMOON!!!! After doing a lot of research on various resorts throughout the Carribean my husband and I (both in our 20's) decided to book our honeymoon at the Paradisus Palma Real. GREAT CHOICE! We could not have asked for anything else... we kept looking at each other saying What else could you ask for??? We've been to a Sandals resort before, and this resort blew that one away! I mean, it was absolutely BREATHTAKING. We did opt for the Royal Service, and that was a great move! Our butler would have our jacuzzi tub ready for us at night, the restaurants were great and different, the pools were beautiful, we had an absolutely WONDERFUL time! Whenever and wherever Paradisus builds their next resort, my hubbie and I will definitely be booking a trip! We LOVED IT! Anyways, we loved it and would recommend sending anyone here for a great vacation!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>joey61
<Content>Great Family Vacation My family just returned from a great week here. Our kids are 18, 20 and 22. We all LOVED this place. We opted for the Royal Service, which I would do again. Everyone in your party must be over the age of 18 to get into the Royal Service. Our rooms were very clean. The kids' room had a musty, mildew smell that would have bothered me, but they didn't notice it. My husband and I were two doors down and had no smell at all. The rooms are well stocked, but just so you can be prepared, they do not provide hair conditioner. A must, in my opinion, for the beach. They sell it in the spa for $30 a bottle! Our butler was not all that helpful, but I was able to book everything I wanted in the Royal Service Lounge. Someone is always there and they were very nice and happy to help. The morning after we arrived I made our dinner reservations for the week, at 7:30PM every night. No problems. The lounge has a continental breakfast, and evening appetizers. We liked the tasting menu at Passions and the menu at Ventos. Ventos had the best staff, hands down. If you have the royal service you can eat there for breakfast and lunch as well, which we did. They became great friends! Thanks Mendoza!I can't say enough nice things about Francisco, our bartender, and Pedro who secured our palapa each morning and brought drinks out to the beach. They work extremely hard, yet maintain such an upbeat attitude. They make sure you are well taken care of. The drinks are top shelf, and they could make anything! As for the excursions, the only one I can't recommend is the horseback riding. You ride in the back of a truck ( with benches and a canopy) for 1.25 hours (not very scenic, either). When we finally arrive it is a hell hole for horses. They are severely mistreated, in my opinion. Some of these poor horses had severe sway backs with flesh wounds on their spines. We all felt bad even riding them. They took us to a beautiful beach, but at the end of the beach there were guys waiting to sell you things. Another thing we learned about excursions, with the exception of the snorkeling, they have photographers taking pictures the whole time so they can sell you the photo dvd later. They were about $20 each and they actually got some good photos. Just remember to bring a credit card. All in all, a fabulous trip for us. Excellent, happy, friendly, hard working staff. Very clean rooms, pool, and outdoor spaces. We will definitely go back!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kikiheff
<Content>Beautiful but not secure The property is by far one of the most beautiful I have seen. The pool is amazing. However, the hotel misplaced one of our bags (between the bell stand and our room) The bag conrtained electronics and the hotel took no action, and as of yet has made no restution. We spent a portion of our stay at the police station. In addition, another member of our group spent a couple of nights at the local hospital with food posioning. You can never pinpoint where that happened, however it is all inclusive and we ate all meals there.Lastly, it doesn't live up the the all inclusive title. It is only every resturant if you upgrade to family concierge.So, I think you can find other properties with the scenery and better amenities, support and security.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>spdunn
<Content>Awesome Honeymoon The resort was awesome. We stayed 10 nights for our honeymoon (seemed like a long trip when we booked, but it went so fast it was hard to leave). The first room we were assigned was on the ground floor and the hotel staff was able to relocate us on the second night with no issue to a third floor room. The pool was perfect, especially the swim up bar and bartenders. We got to know some of the guys and they would have our drink of choice waiting for us when we would swim up. Just be wary of their special drink, Mamajuana. This concotion of wine, rum, honey, tree bark and some Dominican spices surely is not for the faint of heart. The dining choices were numerous. Our favorite was the hibachi place. But we did not have a meal we didn't like. As far as all inclusive goes, this was definenlty one of the best we have experienced. The night life was great (again considering this is a resort and it's entertainers). This is a highly recommended resort. It is on our list of places to revisit within the next few years.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>BaltimoreValerie
<Content>Girls getaway This was a girls getaway. We were overwhelmed by the beauty of the hotel - the architecture of the building was stunning, the gardens were spectacular, the pool was impeccably maintained, and the beaches were clean and full of lounge chairs under large huts. The other plus is that they had live entertainment every night. Our room was very lovely, but it did have a mild smell of mildew (I see other travellers here noted that odor as well). The food was good, not great. We did not enjoy having to make reservations so far in advance to secure a reasonable dinner time. The staff were very nice, but there was definitely a language barrier. Not many of them spoke fluent English. I appreciated having Security walking around in view, but not in your face. Getting there was an easy flight from the East Coast and the airport at Punta Cana was fabulous - very easy to get in and out of, plus it was really beautiful. I would recommend this place.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>harry207
<Content>not the pampering we expected View of resort is beautiful and resembles pictures viewed on internet. My husband researched and then confirmed with trvl agnt resrt to be every bit a 6apple/star rating. NOT. Very nice 1-bdrm suite with home amenities, but really wanted to be pampered, like on a Vacation. Never had enough towels, hard to locate maid, need res for all but one restaurant, need to call the day b-4 after 6Pm, our choices were 6pm or 9pm, had to wait for pool towels most days 20+mins, one swim-up pool bar,thank goodness the bar tenders were terrific, faster to get yourself a drink when lounging pool side, resort maybe under staffed(?). Gym does not open until 7AM and 3 of 8 machines were out of order, free weights and spinng bikes available. Sorry to say we will not return to this resort. Good luck to all who venture here.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Abbynrml
<Content>Truly Paradise!! As amazing as the picture are on the Web site, they could not come close to how amazing this place really is!!! My husband and I went for our honeymoon and we could not have been happier. The service, rooms, and food were all OUTSTANDING!! It took some getting used to having to make a reservation for dinner, but when we didn't feel like it making one, we just ate at the buffet - which by the way, catered to our every possible culinary craving. Next time, I think we will spring for the Royal Service, we had a Regal Ocean View King Jacuzzi Room and it was fantastic, I can only imagine that Royal is even better. We did have to tell the consierge No to an hour discussion on how to book our trip even cheaper next time (three times, and the last time he aksed, he told us he gets a $50 bonus for each couple that sits for the presentation) but we weren't about to, we both think it was about time share in other Melia Corp. properties. The bars, pools, and activities were all outstanding too! Our only glitch all week was on our last night. There was a very big storm, lots of rain, and the roof on the third floor Sapphire section leaked. They tried to put is in a 2 double beds room, that wreaked of smoke, but thankfully that room had a leak too. In fact, all the rooms on that floor did (and the building is only 3 years old). But they moved us down stairs, we slept and left the next morning.I recommend this to EVERYONE!! And take advantage of all the activities - scuba, golf, catamaran (we did and it was great), snorkeling (also great) and horse back riding (we didn't do all of the activities, but it was a honeymoon, and we were otherwise occupied ;-)).  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kittymommy
<Content>Paradise is a Short Flight Away       Area around the restaurants  casino  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lvnlite
<Content>I wasn't in-love Let me first begin by saying that I had a good time at the Paridisus Palma Real. The beach was radiant and the pools were fabulous. But I thought I should share with others my experiences with at the resort. We (My husband and I with our 13 month old along with another couple with their also 13 month old) choose this resort because it was beautiful, and the amenities where what we wanted. Since we were traveling with two babies, we opted for the 鈥淔amily Concierge鈥?service at an extra cost. This service was convenient as they give you a walkie-talkie upon you arrival. You can use this from anywhere on the property to get in touch with your concierge. He/she is available to reserve pool/beach cabanas and lounge chairs (not that was necessary to do so 鈥?it was very slow), make dinner reservations, spa reservations, and other reasonable accommodations that you might request. Having this service with two babies was helpful, we just laid out at the beach/pool, call her and she would appear. She also kept us informed about resort activities. However, I was not so impressed with the family concierge service or the resort itself during my fist 48 hour stay. First, they gave us a room that smelled disgustingly of mildew. At our first inquiry about the smell we were told that because it was raining outside, we would incur the moldy smell. With a 13 month old this was immediately a concern for me. When we asked if we could see another room, we were told that we were in the best building and that it is genuinely only stinky because of the rain. 鈥淚t should go away.鈥?After the 3rd day and still that wet, mildew smell, we asked again if we could 鈥渟ee鈥?another room and the new room had no smell what so ever. I immediately felt lied to. We proceeded to change rooms after having to endure that smell for three days. Also upon our arrival, we were starving after traveling there. We ordered room service at 4:30 PM. We didn鈥檛 actually eat it until 9:30 PM. Yes. 5 hours later. We contacted room service several times to check on our food and were apologized to and said that it is delayed because of the rain. However, after more calls we found out that our order was lost and we had to re-place it. This was at 8:30 PM. At this point we were extremely upset. We were in a stinky, cold, and wet room with no food. For a second I thought I had gone to jail! I was paying a not so cheap price to be treated like a prisoner. Oh, and there were ants everywhere, even in bed. Tip: I also took a mosquito net for the baby鈥檚 crib (totsinmind.com) I was bitten 6 times he wasn鈥檛. Generally speaking, the food was not that great to me. I was expecting more of a DR flair to the cuisine. Instead I got a mix of Mexican, American, Asian  Italian fare. The restaurants were all very nice but to me, the food was just okay. I kept calling the restaurants 鈥渢he beautiful lead in to the big let down.鈥?My favorite place to eat was Naos, the buffet. The selections were huge. I鈥檓 torn as to whether or not I would recommend this place to others because all-in-all it was a good vacation, the grounds were beautiful and relaxing. But I do think that it is over priced considering that I had to sleep with the ants.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>tateva
<Content>Possible Front for Credit Card Fraud? Ten or more different individuals have had their credit card numbers stolen and used as a result of our trip to this resort. Sysco salespeople from across NY state who won a trip for successful sales visited this resort for a long weekend in June and now, more than ten of us have charges from various places including businesses in So. California, Florida. Hotel has not made an effort to reconcile this problem. When the hotel was contacted, they stated that they were aware of a problem but could not do anything about it. Stay away or have your credit card number stolen!!!!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MiamiGirl17
<Content>Absolutely Amazing The most amazing honeymoon destination, especially if you're looking to just relax and not worry about a thing. Pedro, the Royal Service bartender, was great and knew just what we wanted and had it waiting for us when we got down to the pool/beach. Many restaurants onsite to choose from, lots of variety. The rooms are luxurious and clean. Pillow service was a plus. In room breakfast was my favorite meal.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SoaringEagle007
<Content>Perfecto girlfriend getaway in Paradise! My girlfriend getaway just ended and I miss the Dominican Republic already!I highly, highly, highly recommend the Royal Service option when staying at this resort. You definitely feel pampered the entire time. The resort is breathtaking! The white sand beaches, aqua waters and palm cabanas are a perfect retreat. The service was wonderful. The Dominicans realize that they need to keep you happy!!This is a perfect girlfriend getaway if you are looking to relax and have fun at the same time. It is definitely an adult resort ,although many people traveled with children. I will definitely consider this place for a honeymoon spot because the royal service gives you access to so much, including a private beach. There are many, many honeymoon oriented events as well.The only disappointing aspect was the food. The restaurants hardly served authentic Latino food! The food was average at best. But, then again, if food is #1 on your 'things to do list', you will miss the point of traveling to such a wonderful and exotic place.I'm planning my next trip already. It gets a 10 overall in my book.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jw6969
<Content>chill out, relax and recover! We've been here several times since it opened so we have a certain affinity with the hotel. We have however tried other hotels in between, and have always come back to the Palma Real as it is perfect for us. Why? well read on. It is the newest hotel on the Punta Cana strip (although I'm sure not for long) so the place is reasonably fresh and clean.It is close to the airport - 20 mins taxi. Many of the hotels are an hour away - too far if you've had a long flight (and we're from the UK). Check in staff vary. Sometime perfect and sometimes less so. The issue is often one of imperfect English and my Spanish is terrible....Rooms are large and generally well equipped. Beds are sooooo comfortable. An ocean view is worth the extra pennies, but I don't rate the Royal Service at all. Food is ok but that's all. I'd say that is the possible weak point of the hotel - but having said that, all the other smart hotels in this area are just the same. Pools are great and there are always plenty of loungers and bali-beds. Drinks are premium and the staff are generally all great. Good little casino, empty nightclub. Super lobby bar. Perfect beach. This is a place for unwinding, relaxing and not doing much at all. It is relatively reserved, calm and upmarket for Punta Cana. We're going back in November as we like DR and this is the best hotel for our kind of relaxing holiday.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Travelwings42
<Content>Amazing Hotel After being a Travel Manager for 25 years I have been all over, I have to say this was one of the best hotels I have seen in a very long time. The service was amazing the food and restaurants were some of the finest in Punta Cana. I have been to Punta Cana many times and this would be the only hotel I will ever stay at again. Most hotels in Punta Cana are very large and some you actually have to take a shuttle bus to the beach. But this resort had everything and walking distance to everything. This is the perfect choice and when you step of the transfer from the airport you will understand why I rate this resort so high. The lobby is amazing as you look down the stairway to the beautiful fountains then off to the ocean. The lobby has new wave music playing in the lobby and immediately feels like a retreat. Rooms were perfect and very clean. If anyone would like to ask questions please feel free at mitchg@wingsgt.com  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Chicago7595
<Content>Its complicated I stayed here during down season (summer). It was nice because it was not crowded at all. The rooms and grounds were gorgeous.This was really the best place to stay. Rooms were clean. We did the royal service which was nice but the butlers got to be a little annoying. At least 4 times a day someone was knocking on the door. Room service was coming in by 9 am. So don't forget to put a do not disturb sign on the door. The food was awful. Which is being kind it was actually un edible.I barely ate except for fruit and bread. The excursions were disappointing as well. Snorkeling was not that great.If you are looking for somewhere to go and just hang out this is a great choice. But if you are an active person and looking for things to do I do not recommend the Paradisus or the Dominican.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>MCnewyork1970
<Content>Do not pass this one by. This was the most amazing resort I have ever seen. The staff went above and beyond to make us feel at home. The food was great.The pool and beach was wonderful. I sorted through thousands of reviews before making a decision,and have not one regret. My trips to other resorts have been a bit of a let down, but I do not think anything else will compare.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PAASM
<Content>Food poisoning and poor service Beautiful facility, beach and rooms- arrived rooms not ready we arrive 3pm rooms all ready 6 pm- conceirge said we needed to make reservations 24 hrs in advance for restaurants, we passed restaurant we wanted to eat in and it was 1/2 empty-concierge said he would give us a tour in am of hotel, instead it was a sales job to buy time share, This was a family vacation I didn't spent money to fly from Boston to hear a sales promotion. They wanted me to sign documents and spend 90 minutes lisitening to a promotion... I told them forget it- concierge was suppose to arrange other activities since i didn't buy .....never heard from him again, I had to do all planning- bar ran out of banana every day we were there (this is the Dominican Republic and no bananas?)- bar ran out of Chardonnay- members of our group got food poisoning second night.- staff would seem irritated when asked for help- can't book until 6pm restaurants for the following day, this was inconvenient for us took 20 mins to book reservations.So......room not ready, sales job for time share, conceirge no showed and did nothing after we didn't purchase time share, food poisoning, bar ran out of supplies, non helpful staff,We will never go back, better service at a Holiday Inn in Gettysburg than in this  luxury resort.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	4	1	1	1	

<Author>ilmondo
<Content>Disapointment at Paradise We spent 2 very long weeks at the Paradisus Palma Realafter the first week I almost left the hotel to go to club med.We took the package family concierge, it is not worth the extramoney because the girls working there are nice but have no experience with children, or advise how you proprely. ex: We wanted to visit Soana in costs 60.00 per adult and 30.00 per children.The concierge should have told me the bus ride takes at least 2hours to get to the boat who will take you to island then a speadboat takes you to island it takes another 1h30 the ride is verydangerous my kids where crying but the driver did not care to slow down as he was having the time of HIS life and drinkinghomemade rhum from the bottle!You cannot swim at this island because the waves are two strong, when you finally get of the boat you are attacked by 2 things, mosquitoes and jewellry sellers on the beach but no welcome committee...... We came back on the catamaran afterlunch (chicken and rice) and it would have been nice if we didn't come back with the garbage of the restaurant. I'm not joking I have pictures.When I told my concierge what an hawfull experience we hadshe replied : I would not know I never been to Soana Island ! So who needs them. If they dont know where there are sending youand your kids !!!!! The concierges pass there time in a room called the conciergeloundge, most of the time they are sitting behind a desklooking at the computer ( I suspect they are the ones writting the nice reviews), I also seen some doing there manicure, playinggames on there cellphone ect... If you have a need ask someoneelse. the kids club is a ripoff, there is an older man in charge with a young girl I dont know if she speaks and he speaks english withsuch a strong accent that you cannot understand anythingimagin if kids understand. I left them once bacause there wasa treasure hunt and after an ice cream party. My kids wherereally looking forward to it. The treasures where T-shirts with thehotel logo ( Wow so fantastic for a child) and my son told me the ice cream party lasted 2 minutes. I found them in the game roomplaying with computers on a nice sunny afternoon .... wonderful.They never wanted to go back..... actually when they would not listen I would just say : If you dont listen I will send you to the kidsclub ! and it worked!!!!! The food is acceptable but be prepared to eat a lot of chicken and rice. We went to all the restaurants the best thing to haveis the fried rice at the japanese restaurant prepared by Jesus.If you are a wine lover as we are be prepared to be bored, all therestaurants have the same wine list, even the wine list that isnot inclusive. Often we would order a wine and they would bring us something else.............................................................................Service is not ''courtois'' if you see a waiter smile it is probably because a custumer fell on the floor and broke a hip ! Ittakes forever to be served, one day at lunch it took one hourto get our club sandwich at the market grill the kids where going out of there mind and nobody came to say they are sorry or even explain why. When I told my concierge she said it's becausewe asked for a change in the menu and that the sandwiches are prrreparrrred, prepared in advance. The change was no cheese. we where 8 people so I have wittnesses.  I could go on and on, the lobby is beautifull but we dont sleep, eat, or swim there. The swimming pools the Royal swimming pool seems more like a large bath. The Public pool (where everybody can go)is dirty with people drinking and smoking all over the poolthe hotel is not very old 2 or 3 years the pool seems to havestrong aging problems. Yak! The pool at the concierge ''family'' service is relativly cleanno life guard of course. WE where 20 family's in all in low season. The pool is small, in all 5 beds right beside the pooland some chairs, and some other 5 beds a little furtherwhere you cannot see yours kids in the pool . Brillant !!!!  Our next vacation will not be there. It was our first experiencewith this chain of hotel I though bigger better but maybe smallis beautifull.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>ann5151
<Content>amazing !!!       Pool  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BostonTravelAgent
<Content>WOW !!! What a Great vacation !! My partner and myself stayed at the the Paradisus Palma Real the last week of May and had a great experience. We were a bit nervous going to the DR as a gay couple but were warmly welcomed and treated just like any other couple at the resort. We did opt for the Royal Service and found everything to be what it had been advertised. I am a travel agent for a very large agency in the US so I am very particular about the resorts I stay. I try to stay where many of my clients do so I can experience what they do. The resort did not know I was a travel agent as I wanted to experience it as my clients do. Only after my stay did I advise and let them know it was an A+ I found everyone friendly and always willing to help. Ingrid, Francisco and Amir made our Royal Service experience worth the extra money as we did not have to worry about dinner reservation or palapa reservation..it was only one phone call away as the resort gives you a cell phone to reach your butler. The butler though are readily available during the day walking the beach and pool saying hello and asking if you need any assistance. The beach was amazing and water beautiful. There was seaweed on a few days but that is nothing the resort can control they cleaned the beach each day as much as possible. The food was good, not great but good, there are a lot of choice so there is always something to eat. The rooms were very spacious and clean. I would definately go back again and recommend it to all my clients. One last thing everyone at the resort works their butts off to make it a memorable experience, they make very little wages so tipping is a must if you want to reward good service. Take alot of small bill and tipping at the resort is not expected but GREATLY appreciated.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OakParkTraveller
<Content>Terrific Vacation Spot !!! We stayed at this resort for five days in 2007. It was a business trip, so we did not choose the resort, we were just lucky enough to be included in the trip.We had never been to Punta Cana before, and had no idea how beautiful it was. This resort is stunning from beginning to end. Had a garden view room, which was very comfortable and attractive. The food was fine, the staff was wonderful and friendly, and the pools were amazing and huge!! The pool bartenders were hilarious, and very enjoyable to be around. Everyone who stays here should have a wonderful vacation, and please keep in mind that the employees of this resort deserve to be tipped. Just because it says tips are included does not mean that they make a lot of money because they do not. Bring lots of singles to tip these deserving and hard working souls. We highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mztravel11
<Content>Awesome resort!!       beach  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>theblues5
<Content>Really wish it had been better! We just returned from our 5-day stay here (6/8 - 6/12). The resort is beautiful, the beach is beautiful. They have a huge staff, and they all work very hard. Security is very evident around the complex ... butOur room safe was broken into. Somehow this was done without knowing the code, or changing the code, but it was done. Thank goodness they did not take everything. After this, we were very careful (on 3rd floor). We would be completely certain that when we left our room the balcony was locked and the room door was locked - still though, every time we returned we would just push on the door and it would open ... the balcony slider would be unlocked too. Really put it a damper on the trip (1st day).The 2nd day a convention of 450 people came. They were treated extra special, but they did not act extra special. They were dirty and loud. Something to keep in mind that may happen to you if you book at a large resort with meeting rooms.The food was presented beautifully and there was never a lack of; however, it wasn't all very good. The a la carte restaurants were, but very few things from the buffets actually tasted good.Before going I had read a lot of reviews regarding the time share people. Yes, they were present, but if you said no they left you alone.Bottom line ... it was very beautiful, but bad things can happen. If the food doesn't mean that much to you, you can tolerate a large group of people that are partying hard, and you know that you have to be safe (somehow), go here.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>TammyMD
<Content>Had a Wonderful Vacation!       Garden View  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>sandymassachusetts
<Content>Fantastic My Husband and I visited this hotel in May for our 20th wedding anniversary. I, too, was a little skeptical given the reviews that I had been reading on trip advisor. Those negative reviews were not reflective of what my husband and I experienced. Check in was very easy.....Royal Service was totally worth the money. We had an oceanfront imperial jr. suite which was beautiful and a 5 second walk to the beach and pool. The royal service beach was different from the other side of the beach in that you were able to reserve a palapa every day and the beach chairs are large comfortable bali beds versus just a regular lounge chair. The RS pool was small but very nice and quiet. Plenty of towels. Service at bar, pool and beach was excellent. Get to know Pedro and Fransisco....very nice and Franciso makes great drinks. Bring a travel candle for your room. There may be a slight musty smell. Bed very comfortable. Pillow menu unique. They set up a jucuzzi bath complete with candles, incense, bath foam etc. very nice. The language barrier is minimal and with effort you should be able to learn there language since you are in their country. Service was good. RS sets up all of your dinner reservations. Food was o.k. I would not recommend Passion. I recommend Gabi for lunch and dinner although service a little slow but who cares your on vacation. Bana with the hibatchi tables was excellent. Vento was also good for both breakfast and dinner. The bellinis with passion fruit were to die for. All good liqour, mostly Absolute for vodka. Don't order Grey Goose....$16/shot. Lobby Bar is a great place to sit and have a drink. The hotel is very clean. There were no bugs.I have been on some decent vacations but this vacation topped them all. The Dominican people couldn't have been kinder. Bring tipping money with you. Although they never seem to expect a tip, they always appreciated one. They deserve it. Again, can't say enough about this hotel....WE LOVED IT.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>visualgirl
<Content>Better than expected       Decadence on a Bali bed on the lower lobby area  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>arodri70
<Content>Any Doubts....Please Read My wife and another couple stayed at the Paradisus for 8 nights in mid May. I have to admit that after reading several reviews leading up to the trip I was a bit nervous. With complaints such as terrible check in, unfriendly staff, awful food and a tough language barrier we were both apprehensive. Well, we loved every second of our trip. Check in was a breeze and the couple that we were with their room was not ready so we simply had a few drinks at the lobby bar. The staff was very friendly especially Johan our conciere. As per the language barrier, to put it bluntly....you are in another country and they speak spanish just like we speak english in the US! With a little patience we were never unable to get our point across, just be respectful and they will do they will do the same.The white beach was beautiful and we never felt crowded for such a big resort. The pool was wonderful and the swim up bar was a great touch. The grounds were kept like a golf course and the beach was clean. There was always some sort of activity going on like painting classes, volley ball or dance lessons. We did not do any of them becasue we opted to relax for our stay but it was a nice thing to have aroung you. The casino was small but fun and it was never crowded. As per the food it was not spectacular but it was good enough especially for an all inclusive. Vento, Bana Tepanyaki (hibatchi) and the romantic dinner on the beach (well worth the $$) provided us with the best meals of the trip. The buffet was good for breakfast but not so much for the other 2 meals of the day. I recommend the Market Grill for lunch. If you are looking for gourmet I would not stay at an all inclusive, but the food was good here. The spa was very professional and the couples massage was great.Overall, it was a great experience and I would reccommend this resort to young couples. We had a great time and never wanted to leave.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jackie28
<Content>My Review- Wedding may 6, 2008       Market Grill @ lunch  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>liv2travelle
<Content>a Wedding at Paradisus' Paradise!       Wedding Day!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jamaicansun
<Content>amazing I was at PPR in November 2007 for a wedding. It was truly a beautiful and amazing resort. I have traveled to Curacao; Mexico; Jamaica; Costa Rica; etc. and this was one of the nicest resorts I have stayed at. We were given an ocean view room at check in without paying for an upgrade and this was just the beginning of a wonderful stay. Our room was immaculately clean - no smell at all - and was truly beautiful - bed and bathroom gorgeous - the minibar was stocked daily with alcohol and water and beginning on second day it was stocked with the alcohol we requested as well as extra bottles of water. We had beer/alcohol delivered to our room at night at no extra charge - the food was really good with the exception of the dinner buffet - we only ate there the first night because we arrived too late to get a reservation at the other restarants and it was typical buffet food which I do not care for - all other food; including breakfast buffets (made to order omelets) and lunch (made to order steaks/fish) homemade guacamole, etc. were awesome! We had lobster 2 different nites at 2 different restarants and it was delicious - we had no problems getting dinner reservations - you make them either day of , or the evening before - all staff were very friendly and drinks are made with top shelf liquor if you request - I read reviews before we went and can't imagine what some of the posters complained about - HOWEVER- there was a family from New Jersay we heard and saw while there and they complained about sevral things and were the same people that ate pizza and left plates, ect. around pool where it specifically says no food in/around pool - so I guess there will always be someone complaining about something - even while breaking rules....! I ate at all restarants available and all were good - my favorite was the lobster at the outdoor restarant on the beach and passions restarant (no children allowed) very romantic and good food and the italian was my least fave but still pretty good. If you have specific questions feel to contact me - the wedding was beautiful and went off without a hitch! They seem to have a great wedding organizer/planner. I think the beds around the pool were called palapa's but whatever they were called - they all had a towel on them by the time we got down to breakfast each day but we wanted to be in the sun anyway so we did not mind. Overall - a fabulous experience.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>graciela40
<Content>NICE HOTEL My Husband my son and I just came back from our 1 week stayed at the Paradisus Palma real and I have honestly say that I was very impressed with this hotel. I mean it's really gorgeus to look at and to walk around . The service was also very good. everybody is always so eager to help you , and i didn't find any problems with the language barrier since i speak spanish.We didn;t book the Royal Service and In fact we did'nt need it. this area is actually more crowed than the others sections..My only thing was the food.. It was not good at all at buffets or at the restaurants.. but if you get tired of the food just order room service. It was much testier than rest of the places. Overall a great place to stay if you want to relax and drink..not really the place for somebody looking for night live full of action and adventure .  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>criticalreview
<Content>NOT BAD - OTHER S ARE BETTER We've been everywhere in Punta Cana - been going there for 7 years. Paradisus is more expensive than most and I'm trying to figure out why. The staff isn't as friendly as in other resorts - the food is below average in both the buffet and the restaurants, if you have kids - they'll be bored to tears. The place is spotless, the beach is beautiful with sufficient chaises and palm umbrellas. The casino is fun, the shopping sparse. The WEIRDEST aspect of the rooms is that the bathroom is wide open - I mean - NO privacy! There's a big heavy door - with a lock - but there's no need for it as there isn't a wall between the bedroom and the bathroom! Very odd setup. Anyhow, we enjoyed the Riu Palace much more last year- not that Paradisus wasn't a nice place - it just didn't impress us that much.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>nekkoleg
<Content>Royal Service Ripoff Stayed at this facility in early May 2008 and have to say that the grounds are beautiful.When we checked into our Royal Service  Room it was still dirty from the prior guests with uneaten food everywhere. Our  Butler  was embarrassed and invited us to tour the facilities while our room was attended to. When we finally went back to our cleaned room there was hair  dust everywhere including the whirlpool tub in the bathroom which was disgusting.The Butler  is an individual who you will see upon checkin who will give you his cell phone number than you will never hear from him again. Ironically, the  Royal Service  area of the pool and beach were the most crowded areas of the resort. Food was mediocre at best and the entertainment was lacking. Unless you are vacationing to drink till your heart is content then avoid this place.Beaches were full of unraked sea grass and locals line the beaches attempting to sell you something. We were promised so much by the resort reps prior to arrival and nothing was delivered. They have apologized over and over and offered complimentary Royal Service  upon return which will never happen. We were thoroughly dissappoined by our vacation.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	5	2	3	

<Author>dparent
<Content>Everything is gorgeous This resort is Beautiful. The grounds are amazing. My only complaint is that its not the best for single travelers as its all inclusive and there isn't too much around the area to do for singles. There's a small casino in the resort which is only open at night. There are a few bars. The beach and pools are nice. The staff was moderately friendly and helpful but not overly.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>thehatladyNewYork
<Content>Paradise indeed! Beautiful property. The grounds and pools are immaculate. Rooms are very clean and turn-down service was nice.The pools are indeed enormous; the beach is fabulous, with white talcum-powder sand that doesn't stick to you.The service was very friendly and accommodating; the wait for drinks was never long. (And the drinks were very good!) Food was very good everywhere I ate (Bana, Market Grill, and breakfast buffet).The check-in was a little confusing, and the restrictions about where you can and cannot go are not very well spelled out (unless you wander into one of the restricted areas, and then you're reprimanded without knowing why.)Otherwise, a lovely place I'd definitely go back to with a loved one. Although I had no children with me, I saw many others, and the place appears very family-friendly.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>eyounguna
<Content>Beautiful Honeymoon Destination       Royal Service Pool  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>dpt31
<Content>great stay We stayed at the Paradisus in March and this was our second time to DR. We felt the grounds were the best that we have been to and we have been to many resorts. The rooms were spacious and nicely laid out and romantic. The wind was a bit of a problem for two-three days but that is the DR, you never get hot. The pool, as ranked, is one of the best and the bar staff is wonderful. Our only complaint was the food, it is just so so. The morning buffet was chaos and stuffed. Dinners were small and takes awhile to get out so sometimes cold. Hated the fact that you had to make reservations and every time we tried to they said something different such as you can only make one day ahead, or you can only make three days ahead. We did find they cater to the royal service for reservations. The lobby bar and staff were the best we have had in our travels and Gabbi beach is a must, free cigars. We did not do the royal service but wish we had for the extra money. If you have trouble with spanish, practice a bit before you get down, alot of americans were getting frustrated that they were in a spanish speaking country and some did not speak english, we had no problem with my eigth grade spanish lessons. Overall great stay, been to DR twice and think that will be enough for us. BVI much more romantice with a million times better food.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brian9900
<Content>AWESOME Our family including 3 chidren stayed at the Paradisus in April and had an awesome time. The resort is clean, safe, well looked after and fun. The food is well prepared and varied. We tried most of the restaraunts and liked Vento and the Market Grill. The lobby bar is worth a visit. Premium alcohol, beer, DR cigars and anything else you want.We took diving and fishing trips from the resort. Our family did not want to leave and this is a resort we would go back to.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RoadtoHappy
<Content>Want for Nothing just KNOW how to Ask!       A Room with a View  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ALANSTRIPS
<Content>loved palma real We just came back from the BEST vacation of our lives. We travel a lot and this was the very nicest vacation we have ever had. The service was amazing, the hotel and grounds the cleanest we have ever seen and with the exception of one meal the food was great. The Japanese restaurent was beautiful but the food was over salted and over cooked. The rest of the meals were magnificent. The rooms were fine and the jacuzi tub a joy. Masage and game room great and the beach just spectacular. Can't say enough about how well we were treated. The all inclusive plan was perfect..the first time we have ever really seen it work as advertised. We will go back very soon,, just bring lots of dollar bills to spread around and you willl get everything you want. Try the Gabi restaurent and ask for Fabian,, amazing waiter,Vento is also excellent. Breakfast was always good and the coffee super. Room Service should be avoided. make your reservations when you arrive and remmember to reserve a palapra right away for the stay..you will have to renew the request daily but a dollar takes care of it. Drink lots of water it is a thirsty place and the fish are very fresh.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>angel73178
<Content>Wonderful Vacation!!!       outside our room  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>newlywedinparadise
<Content>It was Paradise!!!       beach  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>mlp2007
<Content>Beautiful Resort! We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Paradisus Palma Real. Like another reviewer, we did have some problems with our check in that took 3 HOURS to resolve. That said, once we did get our room straightened out, we had a fabulous stay. The resort is absolutely beautiful, the staff is very friendly and the beach is beautiful. The beach was full of seaweed right in front of our hotel, so we walked a little bit down the beach to a cleaner part and went swimming there. The water was beautiful, just wish is was as seaweed free in front of the Paradisus.The pool and swim up bar is great - the pool is absolutely huge and never felt crowded. The hotel was full and we never noticed any part of the resort being full or crowded. It is a very large resort and the garden areas are beautiful.That said, a few negatives:1. They really push the vacation club sales and continue to pursue you all the way through your visit. They aren't unfriendly about it, but they definitely are aggressive in their sales pitch.2. The adults only restaurant, Passion, is a definite must be missed. The menu was limited and odd - we thought the Gabi Beach restaurant, only available to vacation club members and Royal Service Guests, was the best.3. The spa is expensive!!! The massages were great, we had them outdoors, but a pedicure for $78??? That's ridiculous.All in all, a great trip. We went kid free for a little R  R, but it definitely would be a great family or couple vacation spot. We would go back.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	1	5	4	

<Author>daiz222
<Content>Nothing But Problems My husband and I went with another couple in June 07. We had nothing but problems since the day we arrived. Our rooms were not ready when we got there. They tried to give us a room with double beds and offered to push them together. Anyone who has ever slept like that knows how uncomfortable that is. With the amount of money we were paying for this trip it was totally unacceptable. They tried to tell us that they do not guarantee king beds. Ha! After endless fighting with management we got a room with a king bed. We opted for the royal service...what a SCAM! The personal butler that you are supposed to be assigned is NEVER around and your lucky if you get something that you request 2 days later! It was such a waste of money since all the things that he supposedly could provide are easier to get yourself! We travel to Mexico quite a bit and this was our first time in the DR. We found it highly lacking as far as service and hospitality goes. Most of the staff barely speaks English (or maybe they pretend not to when you have a request or complaint!) We are reasonable people, we just expect a certain calibur of service when paying so much for it. We tried to go parasailing and had to wait an hour on a boat for them to come and refuel. Then, after three days, they had us checking out even though we were booked for five days! I showed them the confirmation given to us by the travel agent but they still tried to get us to change rooms! The whole resort is very poorly run and very disorganized. The restaurants were above average... I have to give it that. We also loved Neftale, an amazing bartender. The casino was a good place to go at night since there is absolutely nothing else to do. It just seemed like everyone else that we met at the resort was from NY or NJ. I love my hometown but I went to the DR to get away from it for a week. The pool was overrun by loud drunk brooklynites during the day which is why we opted to stay in the private pool area most of the time that only Royal Service guests had access to. Next time we will just go back to Mexico where the service is outstanding and they aim to please.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	2	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Roccochomp
<Content>Very Good All Inclusive We just returned from 6 nights at the Paradisus Palma Real. Overall, they do a very nice job and I would recommend this hotel. We had a Family Concierge Suite with the corresponding service. Our concierge, Oliver, was world class and made our trip. He arranged everything for us - our daily reserved palapa, activities, meals, special turndown treatments in the room, gifts for the kids, jacuzzi for the kids - far and away outstanding. The entire Family Concierge concept and execution is very good.The resort is beautiful. Beach area is nice, but lots of seaweed. Restaurants are okay. Vento was the best in our opinion. The sushi and teppanyaki are quite poor. Gabi Beach is terrific, and limited access - so book the FC or Royal Service and eat over there. By far, the best on property. Buffet quite good, as was market grill.Staff is overwhelmingly friendly and go out of their way. We tipped at most every occasion, and it was evident in our service. Even a little goes a long way.The only downsides to the trip were the A) Large Convention Groups, and B) The terrible Sol Melia Vacation Club salesmen everywhere.The convention groups are loud, boisterous, and hold nothing back on the all inclusive concept. Hammered execs on company junket with unlimited booze - not pretty. Lots of strawberry daiquiris in the pool water by the swim up bar.The Sol Melia Vacation Club staff should be sent away. They are rude, in your face, and downright harrassing. They position their desk as vacation concierge so you will stop by thinking they are the true concierge, but all they want is 2 hours of your time and your money. Hey, I paid a lot of money for this vacation. I dont want these guys hammering me for a sales pitch. Sol Melia should be ashamed. They should take page from Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons Residence Clubs. People will come if they want to buy - quality sells itself. You dont need hard sell.Watch the Haitians on the beach.....they're aggressive and hit you up at every chance they can.Overall a very nice visit....we would go back. But only if Oliver is there!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bob074
<Content>First and Last Time We travel to the Carribean almost yearly and chose this resort based upon our online research. Although the facility is beautiful, the food sligthly above average for an all-inclusive, and the stafff is very friendly, the resort is poorly run and not deserving of the 5 star rating. Our experience was negatively impacted by the management's inability to address problems. During our stay our ocean front room reservation had no view and was actually located in the farthest building from the ocean. The beach was strewn with seaweed and any trip into the water necessitated a shower to rinse the seaweed off one's body. The electricity didn't work in one of our our rooms and took 7 calls, two visits to the front desk and over 2 hours to have someone respond. Some of the advertised restaurants were never opened during our entire stay. Others had no available reservations the entire week. Several other amenities advertised were no where to be found. Management was very adept at pleasantly apologizing and sidestepping issues without any effective resolution. Too expensive for one disappointment after another. Certainly not worth a return visit based upon our experience.Too many other great options for an island getaway to go through this aggravation again!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	1	2	1	

<Author>InsuranceSystems
<Content>Vacationers Beware This past October my wife noted and read to me a short but glowing mention published in Travel and Leisure Magazine of the Paradisus Palma Real and added that a non-stop flight of less that four hours would bring us from JFK to the Punta Cana airport in the Dominican Republic. 鈥淪ounds ideal鈥? said I and we immediately called the people at Solmelia, the direct representatives of the hotel and with the help of a very friendly voice reserved a king sized bed room with a balcony overlooking the ocean. It was agreed that the 3rd floor would be ideal as it provided the best view of the ocean The individual who aided us in the reservation process advised us that in view of our ages (70+) we would be most pleased with our vacation if we paid for 鈥淩oyal Service鈥?. . . an upgraded room in an area reserved for guests without children and which included a secluded swimming pool and other amenities. We accepted this advice, made the reservation for the 9 day period, January 29th through February 7th. Incidentally, when we suggested to the Palma Real agent that in view of the 鈥渟low week鈥?we might receive a lower room rate, we were told that this was not the case in the Dominican Republic. We accepted this explanation . . . We鈥檙e gullible.Four months later we were delighted when we landed at Punta Cana airport following a barely 3 hour flight . . . Winds apparently were in our favor. One half hour later very nice people took our baggage from our taxi and escorted us to the reception area for those staying under Palma Real鈥檚 鈥淩oyal Service鈥? A professionally friendly fellow named Santos greeted us, briefly described the facilities of the hotel and then stunned us with the news that there were no available rooms with king size beds. Santos made clear to us that at the Paradisus Palma Real a reservation is not a promise. With little choice we accepted room 3116 a two double-bed room. When our porter brought us to our room we received another surprise. No elevators. The young man hoisted our luggage to our 3rd floor accommodation; we hoisted ourselves up three pretty long flights.The room was nice but certainly not special with minimally adequate wardrobe facilities for those planning a week鈥檚 or greater stay . . . It did have a wall mounted flat TV, and in-room online access to the internet for those traveling with computers; also a bathroom with a single sink, but very nice shower and bath. The 鈥淩oyal Service鈥?also availed us a 鈥渂utler鈥?who was quick to offer us unwanted extra food, drink and such and who insisted on making all reservations for us at the hotel鈥檚 6 restaurants in advance of all our evenings. Again, rather surprisingly, some of those reservations were unknown to the maitre d鈥檚 when we arrived for dinner. However, there was no problem as none of the restaurants were filled. It also later appeared that this indeed might have been a 鈥渟low week鈥?as there were relatively few people anywhere. We had no trouble obtaining a seat at a Black Jack table in the small casino where we struck up acquaintances with some of the other guests and learned of pricing well below our tariff for comparable accommodations achieved through reservations made through organizations such as Expedia. We鈥檙e learning.And then there was the food. Each restaurant was beautiful . . . The entire hotel was handsome . . . .The people who staffed the restaurants including each maitre d鈥?were thoughtful and kind, while constantly apologizing for food that was at times inedible. Veal, beef, and duck at various restaurants had to be returned as tough, overcooked, and tasteless while attempts to mask all of this with sauces made them worse. Palma Real is an 鈥渁ll inclusive鈥?hotel, but they need not worry about guests overeating. Even our breakfasts, served as requested in our room, consisted of cold inedible pancakes, tough French toast, and cold rolls shaped like croissants. Coffee or tea was frequently delivered with milk, linen or silverware forgotten. Each server was very kind and apologetic. Clearly the fault was not theirs.Soon, we figured it all out. The beautiful restaurants with kind service and poor food . . Room service with considerate servers but also with bad food and inadequately checked service trays . . . . Reservations made for restaurant and for pool accommodations often forgotten . . . All doubtlessly due to lack of supervision or the indifference of senior management. There seems to be no other explanation. For example each morning when we went to the special 鈥淩oyal Service鈥?pool to spend a relaxed few hours on our 鈥渂utler reserved鈥?shaded lounge, we found several times that we were not on the 鈥渓ist鈥? Pedro, the fellow in charge, could not have been nicer and was able to compensate in that it was indeed a 鈥渟low week鈥? He personally always made us very comfortable, and it was very pleasant around the pool. But not in it, as it was ice cold. My hardy wife actually spent five minutes in this 鈥淩oyal Service鈥?pool. Chatting with a woman who had also tested the pool鈥檚 waters, she was informed that the water was even colder than the ocean which embraced very few swimmers while we were there.Food served informally at buffets and sandwiches around the pool were very tasty as were the pina coladas. The paella offered as an afternoon snack was the hotel鈥檚 best dish. Unfortunately, neither it nor any of the buffet food was served in any of the 6 鈥済rande鈥?restaurants.Three days into our stay, we did attempt to approach management with our list of disappointments and was directed back to the 鈥淩oyal Service鈥?office where we were once more received by Santos. He listened attentively and assured that our complaints would be fully passed on to his boss, who was away that day, but that a response and some accommodation would soon be made. We never heard from him again and when we subsequently requested communication with the hotel manager, none was ever available. . None returned our calls.And finally our holiday was at an end. The evening prior to our departure, we called 鈥淩oyal Service鈥? We wished to check-out and avoid any lines in the morning and to once more voice our departing complaints with Santos or preferably his superior. Neither was available but we did reach his colleague Victor who suggested that we meet with him just prior to dinner and he would attend to our matters.We met with Victor, muttered our restatement and our general disappointment with Paradisus Palma Real including the ice cold pool, gave him a last minute receipt of a small purchase in the hotel shop, reviewed our bill and gave him our credit card. The bill seemed a bit light, but I concluded that perhaps Santos had arranged for that reduced rate that I had requested. We queried Victor and he assured us that the bill was both correct and completely paid. He signed receipt of the bill and informed us that at 11:45 the next morning, a bellman would arrive to bring our packed bags to an awaiting taxi. The bellman did not arrive at 11:45, nor for fifteen minutes beyond that. After two more calls a nice young fellow did finally arrive and told us that he had just been informed of our check-out. We were soon in the taxi and about to leave for the airport when I realized that I had not returned the cell phone lent to guests. I ran back to the 鈥淩oyal Service鈥?office and returned the phone. As I turned to leave an individual named Jennina called to me and said I needed to check-out and pay my balance. I called to her that my wife and bags we in the taxi, that we were now late, and that we had checked out with Victor the evening prior. I returned to the taxi and the driver drove to the exit gate. WE WERE STOPPED BY A GUARD! ! ! . . . who demanded that the driver return us to the hotel. He of course complied, and I raced back to 鈥淩oyal Service鈥?with fury in my heart. As I barged in, two men were in a heated argument with Jennina apparently disgruntled because they had felt cheated by the exchange rate they had experienced while checking out. Victor seated next to Jennina, told me that there had been a mistake; the bill he had settled with my wife and me had not included the last night of our stay even though it was processed at 7PM of the same night. There had been a computer error. I shouted that my wife was now very upset at having been held captive with our luggage in the taxi, and that any valid balance would be paid if they would simply forward the bill to my home. 鈥淵ou have most of the money if not all, you have my credit card information, and you know my address. We are already late leaving for the airport, and I am not going to permit my wife also in her 70s to get further upset at our possibly missing the plane.鈥?Jennina identified herself as Victor鈥檚 boss and stated that our plane鈥檚 departure time was not their problem, and that we would not be permitted to leave without my paying the balance that they computed at approximately $900 for the last night. With little choice and quite beside myself, I paid the balance, ran to our taxi and we made our return flight.Since returning home, repeated attempts to reach the manager of Royal Service and the Vice President of Paradisus and Somellia. have gone unanswered. There鈥檚 clearly room at the top for good senior management at the Paradisus Palma Real.Vacationers beware.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clamg
<Content>Great for families It was the first time for us with All-inclusive. Our 3 kids (8,10 and 10) loved it as they could wonder around and pick up their activities and restaurants.Hotel permises are very nice and restaurants much better than we expected.The Gabi Beach restaurant, accessible to R Service and F Concierge was really very, very good.The beach is great, spaccially the family side and Gabi Beach.The negatives were the booking made via the Central Melia Reservation and that came out to be a big mess:we wanted 2 conecting rooms and Family Concierge;they made us book a 1 room master suite to have de FC.When we got there we didn't have the FC because it was fully booked (got it for the last half of the stay only) and had to fit in the 1 bedroom suite. Check in was very, very long and complicated. Everything got much better when we got the FC at last. The level of proactivity of the Concierge herself can also make a difference in knowing about kids activities, booking palapas on the pool, restaurants , etc. Ours was not great compared to others.We found out of free snorkeling trips and catamaran lessons on last day.We went for a lobster meal at Captain Cook, outside the hotel , which was very nice.Nevertheless, overall, was a very good experience as our goal was to rest in the sun.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	1	4	3	

<Author>LangleyVagabond
<Content>Doesn't get any better than this!       View from our suite  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Hoosierdaddyb
<Content>Casino and Food I'll start with the good. The Venison at Passions was UNBELIEVABLE. Total surprise and they brought us a whole plate when we told them how good it was-- truly amazing. The other restraurants were pretty good as well. Food/drinks available 24/7 with very prompt room service -- 4 AM food and drinks after a romp in the casino is awesome. BTW, top-shelf drinks and generally good service thoughout the trip.The Casino was a blast -- good music outside, nice bar, fun dealers. I met some cool folks at the first free Poker tournament, including Winner #2 from Holland. They are really working to make that a nice casino and doing a great job -- my favorite part of the whole trip.The beach was one of the most beautiful I have seen in the Carribean -- sand is feathery soft and the water beautiful. Occasional seaweed but light and not an issue. If you want to walk up and get a palapa go to the family side.What I didn't like -- kids in the main pool. It would have been nicer if the parents with loud pre-teens would have kept them in the kid's pool, it's why it's there. Additionally, the selfish and annoying people who put towels on the beach beds the night before so they could stroll out after-lunch and leave the beds unused all day. The hotel asks people not to do this but some folks are just too self-absorbed too care.Lastly, the rooms are beautiful with jacuzzi's and marbled floors. Only problem is every time someone moved a chair in the room above us -- it was a VERY load screeching that was impossible to sleep through -- unfortunately, the folks above us liked to get up at 6:30 and hang-out in the room for 3 hours. That equals not much sleep and I like to sleep on vacation so this was a big sore spot for me.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>aa6nz
<Content>21st Century Roman Decadence and luxury, where Champagne flows like water!       In royal service Champagne flowed like rain  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jrjazzAtlanta
<Content>Fantastic ... wedding and relaxation All I can say is that everything was excellent. Staff, food, grounds, entertainment. It was all so wonderful we truly hated to leave. I wish I could truly put into words how wonderful an experience it was but, I am at a loss because it was so nice.We will willmost definitely return!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sandrai
<Content>Simply the Best Beautiful grounds. Clean everywhere - even the beach/pool bathrooms. Food was outstanding - everywhere. Ala cartes as well at buffets. Alcohol was top shelf - try a vodka  lime juice! So refreshing. Only downside was those pesky chair  palapa savers. What time are they getting up???!!! We always managed to find something and even if it was in the sun, we would take a beak in the shade by sitting on the comfy cushioned chairs  sofas that rim the buffet restaurant. Cocktail, maybe some fruit or the best guacamole you ever had. I would definitely go back. You can't go wrong. Enjoy.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jefho1
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful My girlfriend and I just got back from here and we had a fantastic time!!! We had a junior suite and it was stunning. The property  beach are gorgeous  the service was great. I would recommend this place to any couple wanting a romantic getaway. If you are a golfer there are plenty of great options but the course attached to the resort is challenging and well kept. The staff was great and overall very helpful and friendly. I'm going to put down a couple things I didn't like but if you know going in they wouldn't be a negative. First there is NO nightlife to speak of. They put on shows every night but they are terrible to be honest and the nightclub is COMPLETELY deserted. People do use the casino at night but we're not a gamblers so we didn't have much to do after dinner. The food is above average for all inclusive, but it is all inclusive so the food is mediocre, even in the a la carte restaurants the menu is very limted and the food was just OK although the decor was beautiful. Once again I want to stress that we really had a GREAT time so I put that in so people know what to expect. The only reason the resort is not getting 5 stars from me is the food. One other thing if you are a diver the resort offers 1 FREE dive per day with the all inclusive which they dont tell you but the local dives are nothing to write home about. We went on the dive excursion to catalina island and had a couple of very good dives and it was definitely worth the money.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>habird97
<Content>Very nice !!! Hotel is beautiful when you walk in. Wonderful view  very nice staff. Typical resort  we we felt very welcome.There is a bit of a problem w/the staff not speaking English very well but it wasn't bad enough that we got upset over it. Housekeeping was a little inconsistent as far as timing went but it never bothered us. If they come @ a time when you are busy, simply ask them to come back. Not sure how that had anything to do w/other reviewers being late for events!The food was good  there were several places to choose from depending on your mood. Rooms do have a slight musty smell, but that is expected because of the climate  location. It wasn't a bad smell. Check-in desk was the only place where we encountered problems. It was very busy  there was only one person working it. Other than that, the staff went out of their way to be helpful. Again, there were communication problems, but after all, we are in their country so who are we to get upset about that. If you don't want to deal w/language barriers, don't visit other countries!Pool gets very busy  we couldn't find a chair to sit in @ the pool or on the beach. Had to walk around for about 20 minutes until we finally found something. They had plenty of activities offered but make sure to schedule in advance. If the outdoor safar is offered, DO IT! It was our favorite part of the trip. A hotel is a hotel; a resort a resort. They are all nice overall. When I go to other countries, I go to see the actual COUNTRY; not the hotel. The safari tour was about 4 1/2 hour long  although the roads were bumpy, that was half the fun. Tour guide was very knowledgable  patient w/our group. Previous reviewer mentioned how unsafe the city was which I find absolutly ridiculous. There was nothing to make you feel unsafe  the locals were VERY friendly to us. Of course there was some trash along the roadways....they don't have highway clean up crews like we do here in USA. Judge the place by the villages  the people, not the trash on the side of the road! Punta Cana was a beautiful resort area  the DR has very nice locals in our opinion.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>want2go67
<Content>5 star beach, 3 star experience       Our reserved palapa!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	2	4	

<Author>VacaExpert999
<Content>Traveled with 30!!       ocean  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>DPHIESP89
<Content>Wonderful retreat What a wonderful property and a wonderful vacation experiance! We loved every minute we spent in our large garden suite! 1 Bedroom witha two person jacuzzi, large shower, large kitchen area with water in the fridge... beer and soda that is all restocked daily, living room and patio! Wow! What a wonderful room. (this room was close to the same as the Ko Olina Beach club Timeshare resort condo in Hawaii. The lobby is open and allows you to view the ocean and pool right as you walk into the resort to check in. The front desk staff was nice but a bit slow... they are on island time I think!The restaurants were good to great. We attended a business Gala dinner and the food was wonderful there as well! They had living statues and wonderful entertainment. The japanese grill was wonderful food but there is no show like back in the states when they cook. The buffet was like a typical hotel buffet back home.Make sure to tip your bartender! It will come back to well to you! We went to the Gabi bar in the afternoon and tipped the very nice bartender and that night returned when he was working and he gave us even better service then! Even a 1-2 dollar tip will get you good serve all the time!The people dealing cards in the casino are not very friendly... it apeared that they did not speak much english. But we did walk away winning in there!They offer free cigars in the lobby bar... my husband said that they are an 8-10 dollar cigar back in the states. Favorite Bar: CasinoFavorite Food: Passions(They even asked if we wanted a second lobster tail... crazy)Favorite server: Jesus... He kept my wine glass filled the whole time and when I tipped him half way through the night he brought a wine chilll stand to the table and kept a bottle there for me!Favorite place to chill: one of the many hits along the pool... which you need to get up earlier than seven to reserve with your towels for the day!I would go back in a second and this time for more than 4 days!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Ari113
<Content>Royal Service a MUST! My husband and I just retruned from a 5 night stay at the resort. I have to say that i was a little apprehensive about staying at an all-inclusive resort and a very large resort. ( I don't enjoy crowds, esp. when on vacation.) So we chose the royal service, and it ended being an amazing vacation. It is definitely worth it!! We could take advantage of all the reso ts activities, but at the same time we still didn't feel overwhelmed by the size of the place. I loved the private pool, and the separate are a on the beach, and our butler was great. As soon as we got there he made all of our dinner reservations, we never had a problem with getting a time or place that we wanted. He also stocked our mini bar to our liking, reserved bali beds everyday for us by the pool/beach, and we had a cell phone direct to him! What a great resort! and with everything included! This is the first time after vacation where we bot$$h said we would return to the resort in a heartbeat, and next time with family/or friends!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>media expert
<Content>Resort was beautiful but service was not great       Lovely beach  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	2	3	1	1	

<Author>TravelandSmile
<Content>Couldn't ask for more My extended family from the Toronto area were at this resort in July for a wedding and we couldn't have asked for better service or accomodations. It is perhaps the best all-inclusive I've stayed at, and most notably was the quality of the food at the different restaurants (I'd eat at either Passion or Vento every night if I went back, or Gabi if you have the concierge access)Some of our party took advantage of the Family Concierge service, and if you have children, it's a definite plus. They take great care of family needs, you have two separate family area pools (wading pool for small kids and the other a larger private pool), a family area beach, they reserve cabanas for you and do all the little extra things that will allow you to enjoy your stay. The benefit... it also allows regular guests to enjoy the super large pool and hotel beach without tons of kids running around. A great concept that makes one part of the large hotel great for families and the other great for couples . The hotel grounds are fabulous, the lounging areas are very cool and chic, the varierty of different restaurants is great (some far better than others but everyone has different tastes), the beach was private(not like all Punta Cana beaches), clean with great sand, and the ocean water was warm. We took some day walks along the entire stretch of beach connected with other hotels which was fun swimming in the different stretches of ocean, but it was quite obvious that the Paradisus stretch of private beach was great and free from people trying to sell you stuff as we saw elsewhere. We had hoped to take advantage of the free golf but we were having too much fun to leave the resort area. My wife and I have stayed at great resorts, and a few not so great, around the world and we I would definitely return to Paradisus Punta Cana. The photos on their website truly depict what this new hotel is like. Helpful hints: make dinner reservations a day or two before or better yet when you arrive, Bana restaurant was not for us, a nice tip goes a long way, try the spa, enjoy the good wine selections that are included, ask for what you'd like in a pleasant way and they'll deliver.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MsTammi
<Content>Amazing Paradise I have to say that I felt like we were in Paradise. When we arrived it was as though we were royalty. We were treated with respect and given a beverage upon arricing. We checked in with our group we traveled with and then checked into our room. Wow what an amazing place, I loved the little pond with the flamingoes. We loved the landscaping was BREATH taking. Are room was beautiful with a beautiful fountain outside our door. (only negative is that it wasn't working.) But none the less beautiful. We had many enjoyable walks around the property. We took advantage of the wonderul lounge chairs on the beach and relaxed. The food was great I was surprised. We had a steak dinner and it was wonderful. The buffett was delicious and always something different. Though the staff spoke very little english they certainly did their best to figure out what you were saying and trying to accomodate you in every way. We were priviledged to be a part of there Indenpendence celebration. They had the hotel decorated and had events all day long. We very muc enjoyed the dancing (tribal type dancing) It was wonderful and I was even at the end of the dance invited out to dance with a select few other to take a small part of their celebration. I would go back to this resort in a heart beat it was WONDERFUL. I highly recommend this hotel resort.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MOP19
<Content>A Very Nice Resort!!! This is a beautiful hotel with great service. I read many of the negative reviews here on trip advisor prior to my trip and was definitely nervous about what to expect, so I was happily surprised with just about everything. I did experience a disruptive hiccup with check in, which resulted in the need to switch rooms after getting very upset with the front desk... but once that was resolved ( 1 hr) everything from that point forward was great. The food is very good... especially for an all inclusive resort which I do not normally prefer due to poor food quality. The offerings are plentiful- something for everyone and everything was very good quality and very fresh. For peopl who drink, top shelf liquor and beer is offered and there are numerous bars positioned around the property. There is even a coffee bar. The beach is spectacular, and even though we were there during a busy time (presidents wk) there was someone always around bringing drinks to the people on the beach. There were plenty of lounge chairs , towels, etcThe room was lovely, spacious and every room has a large jacuzzi tub, a nice added touch. Housekeeping did a perfectly fine job.The service was great from top to bottom... the locals are all very friendly.All in all, I would recommend this hotel , it is however for families and couples primarily, it is not a party scene for singles.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>awol42
<Content>Palma Real - Lots to Love Some to Dislike little to Hate My wife and I (2827) stayed at the PPR over Presidents Week.BIGGEST PRO: Beautiful Resort. Gorgeous architecture, landscape was immaculate, pool is magnificent (should have its own zip code) and the beach is pretty. Rooms are immaculate and modern. Seriously, you will not find a prettier resort in Punta Cana.BIGGEST CON: This is two part: (1) The food varied from Not bad to Pretty Good. Nothing terrible nothing amazing. After Seven Days I wanted to eat somewhere else. The Buffet is OK. The Grill is OK. Passions and the Asian Fusion portion of Bana (EHHH) . Vento and the Tepinyaki were both fun and enjoyable. However, I never had the desire to go back to a restaurant a second time. (2) The Vibe. Maybe because my wife and I are active people but the vibe was a little laid back for my liking. We definitely enjoy a more uptempo vibe (think Club Med). We tried everything (played volleyball, soccer, sailing, kayaking, etc) but not many people were into being active. I can only lay in the sun for so many hours鈥?Overall, it was a relaxing vacation. The staff is very nice and helpful. Watch out for the obnoxious NY鈥檈rs who seem think their all inclusive vacation includes berating staff members (Seriously. I am a New Yorker and I鈥檓 embarrassed how some of us act). If you come here you will be happy with a relaxing stay at a beautiful resort.P.S. The resort was at capacity but it never felt that way. I could write a whole lot more about this place (all of which has been said before) but I thought I鈥檇 just hit a couple of highlights. Finally, I would not come back here a second time. Not because I did not have a good vacation, which I did, there was nothing special about this place. There are too many parts of the world I want to see first.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	1	4	4	

<Author>DuffCooperJr
<Content>Perfecto       gabi beach  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>mruiz1021
<Content>Beautiful Property, Bali Beds Great, Fook ok, No Door in Toilet Stall in Room Pros: The property is absolutely stunning and well kept--lives up to the pictures on the hotel website. The staff was very nice and the beach was also very nice, with combed sand. The pools are large and beautiful with swim up bars. The bali beds were awesome. The hydrotherapy room in the spa was very nice with three jacuzzis in varying temperatures and massage showers. We had a great massage outside in one of the cabanas on the water, it was lovely. The lobby bar was great and the bartenders were always happy to fill your glass quickly. Beds in the rooms were very comfortable and if you needed something in the room (i.e. towels, soap), they were quick to provide it. Also, the rooms were large with a large bathroom and sitting area and in some room a walk-in closet.Cons: We stayed there for a corporate trip and then stayed on for an extra night. They made us switch rooms for the extra night, which was inconvenient. Also, the room the first few nights had a toilet stall with no door on it, the last night the door was a frosted glass door, so if you want privacy, you won't necessarily get it in the toilet stall. You have to get up real early to get a spot on a bali bed (I'm told you can reserve one if you have royal service). The pools are not heated, so if you go in the winter, the water may be a little chilly for you. No hot tubs anywhere except the spa. Reservations for the restaurants were very difficult to get, you should make them before you leave home, we were only able to get a reservation one night. Breakfast was always at a buffet, unless you have royal service, then you get to go into a sit down restaurant. The food was average throughout.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>spike9386
<Content>Good not great We went away with two other families (kids ranged in age from 4 to 14) and my father in law. We all agreed we would go back but it took a while for us to get to that consensus. Here's why:Rooms - we arrived and walked into our first floow rooms to a wave of must. The rooms were immaculate, plenty of room and well appointed. They each had a fridge with a couple of sodas and 2 beers. BUT the must! We complained and the manger came through with a few rooms higher up that had no must.Concierge - we did not pay for the concierge service. they have the desk in the front and they assign someone to answer all your questions and help with scheduling early in your stay. This is not the concierge service! We were fortunate to have all our meals lined up ahead of time, we were not so fortunate to have all our golf lined up ahead of time...Meals - plenty of food and plenty of bars. service was quick and pleasant. by the beach or by the pool we would have someone come by every 15 minutes to half hour to ask if we wanted a drink (closer you sit to the bar the more frequent). there was so much variety I can't beleive anyone could have a problem with breakfat or lunch. Dinner had a lot less variety and it was not until our 4th night that we found a good meal at the habatchi table. Activities - we wanted to play golf 3 days, could only get one tee time before 8, after that it was 12:40 or later. They have a hut on the beach where all the water sports are run from --- very accomodating and super easy to use any of the kayaks, sailboats, wind surfers or snorkeling. Some of the group parasailed one day. Casino was perfect size with a knowledgeable staff - no craps but a hold 'em table going in the corner.Pool and beach - a lot of sea grass on the beach even though they clean it every day. does not take away from relaxing under the huts or playing volleyball with the kids. Pool was a home run --- no slides but fountains, huts, jacuzzis and a swim up bar kept everyone more than happy. Does not hurt to throw some towels on a few chairs early so you get a good spot.It took a while to get the lay of the land and figure out the right place to hang out (get a hut on the beach and near the pool) and eat (habatchi restaurant and place next to it were good). A little bitter about the golf but all in all, it was well worth the money.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	4	3	

<Author>exmrsd
<Content>Great experience at the Palma Real! Just got back from a wonderful stay at the Paradisus Palma Real. Overall it was great!I am going to start with the not so great stuff first. The room was a little beat up, considering that this is a relatively new resort I was very surprised about that. Housekeeping was not so great either, but good enough I guess. I found myself cleaning up after her. But thats it!!The resort first of all is absolutely beautiful. The grounds are stunning to look at. The pool area is great! Get up early and get yourself a bali bed, it was awesome! The food was fine, not sure what everyone is complaining about. The variety was great.Did a spa day and for the additional charge it was beyond worth it. My boyfriend and I did a couples massage and spent the morning in the jacuzzis. Took a steam and then relaxed in their bali beds overlooking the pool area. DIVINE!The people who work at the resort were some of the nicest people I have ever met. Yes I know thats what they are paid for but still they were genuine. Some of these people go weeks without seeing their families/children. I can't even imagine that. Some of the guests were awful and rude. Drove me nuts. If I had to hear one more person complain about the people who do not speak english I was going to scream!!! Come on people you are in the DR, its their country, why dont you try to speak their language? Unfortunately these are the same kind of people who will be enraged at the idea of a foreigner coming to the US and not speaking english, I digress. In any case, I thought the resort itself was wonderful, romantic and a lot of fun.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>ny25al
<Content>Loved my wedding at the Paradisus Palma Real       wedding  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>HasTheTravelBug
<Content>Terrible Check In Experience at Beautiful Resort I was so excited to visit this property with my husband for a four-night getaway just before Christmas.... I read all the reviews on Trip Advisor and was super excited!When we arrived at the resort, there were three couples ahead of us at the check-in counter, and we patiently waited 40 minutes for the one employee managing check-in to get to us. The lobby was gorgeous, it was evening, all the candles were lit and a gentle breeze made it comfortable. We were looking forward to getting settled in and having a good dinner....Well, the employee at the front desk informed us that we didn't have a reservation, and were we sure we booked a room there? We booked through an independent agency and I was able to provide him our confirmation number, but he said that was only a number for the agency and still wasn't proof I had booked a room and paid for it. I ended up spending 40 minutes on my cell phone with my agency, and they faxed the paperwork to the hotel THREE times that night over the next two hours. Unfortunately, the man kept saying they didn't send the right fax and I would have to dial back to the states. The agency assured me they kept sending the right information. I truly started to believe the check-in clerk was deliberately making this difficult.I was given an option of paying for another room so they could straighten the situation out later (no way!).... It turned into such a mess. Thankfully, a manager named Rocio saw how upset we were and intervened. She called the agency we booked with, gave clear instructions to the front desk agent, and took us to the restaurant (since it was closing in 10 minutes) so we could get something to eat. By the time we returned to the front desk, everything was straightened out and Rocio took us to our room. The service was so terrible at check-in, it left a terrible taste in my mouth for the entire four days. Everytime I passed that employee at his desk I would just get mad.Rocio took great care of us the remainder of our vacation! She made a point to come see us, she booked all our dinner reservations and did an excellent job with service recovery.The property was really pretty, and the beach was amazing. We were up early every day, and lounged in the beach beds under a palapa each day. We loved spending evenings after dinner in the lobby bar area before taking long walks on the beach.... The Gabi Club by the beach was a cool place to hang at night - the 80's night party was hilarious!The resort goes for the cool, sexy vibe at night, and sometimes they even pull it off.... I thought the food was just fine. We enjoyed room service, too, but we really liked Bana the best. I am sorry that our experience was so terrible at check-in, because it really set the tone for the trip. The woman that sat behind us on the flight home said the SAME THING happened to her at check-in, too! And she used a different agency to book.....If they would fix the check-in problems, this could really be a four diamond resort.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	1	3	3	

<Author>sferaverde
<Content>Paradise it is, Royal Service it ain't...       The rainbow over the beach  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	2	2	5	

<Author>cdubbs
<Content>January Wedding at the Paradisus       All guests  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Bubba66
<Content>Great vacation if you are not there for the food Gorgeous beach, appears magnificent, but upkeep is poor, lots of run down areas that are not kept up on the property, may just be typical for that area. All the restaraunts basically serve the same food just different presentations. Would return in a heartbeat though. Don't go for the golfing, unable to get tee times,always booked-up. Our snorkeling and para sailng were canceled due to the winds.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>medic18lt
<Content>Great Honeymoon This honeymoon trip was a total surprise for my wife she had no clue the destination of our trip till we left miami, fl for punta cana. I was able to keep this a total surprise for 8 months till then and the look on her face when we where driving up the path to PPR said it all. This resort is amazing, I had read other's reviews that had negitive things to say and I honestly can't say anything negative.Checking In: The check in process was fast once we arived our bags where marked with tags and we where taken to the front desk. At that time they took our credit card info for the 300 dollar deposit and we signed in. Then we where taken to a couch and where given a cold drink and a full lay out of the resort. The vacation concierge Nichole was so nice she showed us around the resort the then to our room. After being there for 5 min. our bags arrived.The Room: Our room was amazing room number 3076 Ocean View Regal Suite. The view from our foom was great! Our room was just a short walk from the main building so it was truly quite. The bed was the most comfortible bed I or my wife have been in. Every thing worked perectly, the mini bar had 2-Presidente, 2-Pepsi, 2-Pepsi Light (DIET), 2- 7up, 2-7up Light, 2- Orange Juices, 4- Waters. Each day when we would return the maid would have a nice flower arrangment made on the bed and candies that my wife loved. During our stay we had no problems with water pressure or any other problems that I have read about.Food: The first night there witch was a Monday there was an outside buffett with live music that was taking place in the lower lobby. The food was great, the wait staff was on top of every request for drinks. We also ate at Passions twice the sea bass lamb duck and lobster was amazing. Vento, was very good the food quantity was so much that neither I or my wife could eat it all. Banna witch has three choices of restaurants, we chose the grill the chef put on a great show the food was again amazing and no shortage of quantity. The market grill for dinner was our least favorite just for the fact it was like something we could have got back at home, not to say the food wasn't great but it was just like something in the states. For lunch and breakfeast we ate at the buffett there was so many choices you never ate the same thing each day. I arranged for a private dinner on the beach since it was our honeymoon the service again was amazing and since you chose the menu you better know what your significant other likes.Bars: Damion at the pool bar is my favorite this guy would remember you drink and you just had to walk up to him and he would have it ready. Jenfry at the lobby bar was our second favorite we would see him everynight following dinner. The bars all had plenty of drink choices so unless you are afraid of trying something new you will find what you want. The only bar that has Bud is down by the buffet area we never tried that bar but Presidente is now my wifes favorite beer.Beach: Yes there was sea weed each morning on the beach but the had people out there cleaning it up and it was not a problem when swiming.Pool: This is the area we spent most of our time. Though the water was cold it felt great after being in the sun for a few. This pool is so pretty that pic's don't do it justice. We never had a problem getting a chair on the beach or by the pool.This resort is perfect for a honeymoon it is so romatic, so just lay back and relax.Just remember have 10 dollars when you land in punta cana per person for the tourist charge, and have a great time.If any one has any questions you can email me at medic18lt@yahoo.com. I will be posting pics soon.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelBugM
<Content>Beautiful beach, bad food, amateur service Stayed for one week at the Palma Real -- allegedly the crown jewel of Mel铆a's properties in the DR. The hotel grounds, pools and buildings are beautiful. The room was decent but not topnotch -- water pressure so-so, beds and pillows quite uncomfortable, amenities lacking. There was no hotel or area information in the room, the power resets every time you leave the room (good for environment apparently, but bad for the clock as it's not battery-operated), and TV works awkardly slow. The service at the hotel was always very courteous, albeit absent-minded and slow. As others have mentioned, the front desk is sluggish. Two staff trying to check-in busloads of tourists are obviously not adequate. Laborious paperwork and odd formalities only make the lines longer. The staff at the restaurants seemed constantly confused. Nobody had a specific role, resulting in a bunch of waiters wandering around mindlessly. I guess Punta Cana and the resort are new, so perhaps service will improve as the hospitality industry matures.Now, the food. If you're not one to care about food quality and taste, then this resort will work for you. Judging by the flocks of obviously not undernourished visitors inhaling the vats of food, my opinion might not be in line with everyone reading my review. Five ''restaurants'' including one all-you-can-eat slop house await you. The ingredients clearly transition from one meal to the next (making everything taste the same, like a university cafeteria) and the ingredients are not really fresh (canned mushrooms, flavorless fruit etc.). The problem seems to be that they're just trying too hard. Asian fusion, Italian and French themed restaurants all have same-tasting, overly complicated recipes. I was on an island in the Caribbean -- I wanted FRESH seafood, delicious fruits and vegetables, and tasty basics. I got gooey deep-fried ''fish'', overcooked steaks, mysterious sauces, stales breads and bad everything. The least bad restaurant is called Market Grill. The 'surf  turf' is ok since it only involves them grilling a lobster tail and steak. Throughout the resort, the drinks are good -- especially some of the inventive cocktails in the upper lobby bar. They use decent liquor and don't skimp. Bottom line: beach beautiful, resort pretty, service awkward, food bad.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	1	2	2	

<Author>ddoran
<Content>a DR veterans opinion We just returned 1/26. We had an absolutely great week!!!!!!!!! FYI, the hotel has been running at near full capacity and had several business groups there which use 20% of this capacity.I was a Peace Corps volunteer here 25 years ago and have been coming back yearly since then. I do speak Spanish which is an advantage but any attempt by a guest to speak a few words in their language is really apppreciated. By the way, anyone needed specific comments on this hotel or on the DR, can email me directly!My wife and I were very worried by the few bad reviews (mostly from NYC area guests which may be that they are more demanding: yes, I am a Red Sox guy!)To avoid some of the issues raised in these negative reviews, we decided to spend the extra money for the royal service. Wow was it worth it! Please do this if it is a special event such as a honeymoon or wedding anniversary.We had a chance to talk with one of the Red Sox players using the royal service area! Apparently David Ortiz was there last year and Pedro Martinez the year before. The royal service (RS) gives you the special check-in area, a butler available at all times, a bath experience where they light candles around the jacuzzi and spreed flowers all around, your own special palapa cane hut next to the beach without ever having to fight for one, etc. You also get to use the gabi beach restaurant exclusively and help on dinner reservations. The weather was perfect for all but 1 of the days, which we then used to go ATV riding up right on Macao beach (one of my favorite beaches in the world). I played golf 1 day with rented clubs for $88 including the cart. Better to get an early t-time.Had dinner at every restaurant. The hotels two most popular ones are Vento and the Tapenyaki area at Bana. We liked them all but could not get back into Vento as it is was filled up.Another benefit of RS is that they can get you better dinner reservation, but RS can not 100% guarantee that they can get them. This appears to be the most frequent complaint from ALL the guests at the hotel.If you like to walk the beach, the better way is to the right. We walked an hour and a half each day in that direction and only once to the north. We had glistening full moon reflections on the sea each night.The stars were so bright and it was very romantic.A site to check out is for additional info is www.dr1.com and look at the forum and issues on the east coast section. You can ask questions there.We came here to look at buying in the new Cap Cana development. You can look at that as well at www.capcana.com. (rather expensive!) Best golf course on the island but big $. They are having a Senior PGA tournament there soon. You better be a great golfer to play this Jack N. course.Just a great week and sad to be back in the darkness and cold of Boston!We did get to watch the Patriots game at the hard rock cafe which is in a new shopping mini-mall on the property for the 3 sol melia hotels here.Just loved the people and the great employees of the PPR!David el aguilucho Doran (that is a fan of the Eagles who are the champions of the great DR winter league)  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jamesr1165
<Content>Great Place! We just got back from a 5 day stay here and I wanted to let my thoughts be known. Although some other reviews had some legitimate complaints about the check-in, check-out process at the Paradisus, which was a little slow, I give this place two thumbs up. It was an absolutely beautiful property which they kept unbelievably clean. The food was outstanding as well. The service was great in just about every category and I would not hesitate to return.I recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>familylovesthebeach
<Content>Wonderful Family vacation! We just returned from a week stay in Punta Cana at the Paradisus Palma Real. It was nothing but excellent! From the beach to the pool to the Service. We stayed with the upgrade available for families. ( The Family Concierge Package)! And if your traveling with kids it's the way to go! They were always there and willing to accomodate us in any circumstance. There was never any problems getting anything we needed. There are plenty of things for the kids to do, and we felt like this resort was very kid friendly! The food was beeter than accaapetable. There were a few things that we found just satisfactory, but then there were also times when we thought it to be excellent.The overall trip was great! This resort is great and i would recommend it to any one who asked. Not only was the beach and the water great but the resort property was also beautiful!My husband and I have decided that if you are reading these reviews you need to do it openly. We thought people who were complaining must've expected the unexpectable!Never the less you can't forget you are in another country, who to say the least don't speak english but they do try! We always found the staff of the resort to be very kind, and helping. There were times that there were few little flaws but hey that's life and we knew that would be the case.If you are interested in knowing any specs email me and I would love to share!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>mikep06
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Loved it. When we arrived at the hotel we checked in, we said it was our honeymoon and were immediately upgraded to a 1BR suite. The room is in the main building and was alsolutely beautiful. Full kitchen, living room, a balcony, jacuzzy, confortable bed and a big bathroom. We stayed in the hotel for 3 nights, and every night we got something different, chanpagne, flowers and a giftbasket. The hotel property is spectacular- palm trees, fountains, exotic plants and animals, such as peacocks walking around. The area of the hotel is huge, and is perfect for nice walks. The ocean is warm, a good amount of seaweed, which was not a problem. A great pool with a swimup bar was really refreshing. A nice service on the beach, drinks are brought to you while you are sunbathing.Service could have been better, it was just okay, no major problems. They don't speak english or in some cases a little bit on the front desk, so it was hard to communicate at times. Also, our room key cards stopped working once in a while, but other then that it was like being in paradise.The food was great, we mostly ate at the buffet, breakfast, lunch and dinner, they always have something different, cook right in front of you, and it was delicious. We went to a restaurant, Vento, once, but didn't like it due to it being crowded, dimmed and slow serviced, although the food itself was okay. The reservations should'nt be a problem if you do it a day in advance, but I would just go into the buffet or the Market Grill, which was also excellent!The ride back and forth to the airport cost us $25 each way, about 20 min drive from Punta Cana International.Overall, based on my experience I would highly recommend!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>bazook
<Content>Paraisus Palma Real is dangerous This has to be the worst travel experience of my families life. When we arrived at the front desk which had lines of 10 deep waiting to check in. There was another area where management and guests were huddled together talking. We found out later this is typically the way they handle irate customers with problems. They didn't have our reservations. We waited two hours for them to straighten the problem out.We had made reservations for two rooms to be next to each other as we have small children. Not only were we not next to each other but were on different floors.Any apology? None they said we were lucky to be given a room at the hotel as they were booked solid.Okay we went to our rooms. We were supposed to get an ocean view room. There is is no ocean view unless you lean out of the terrace and crane your neck you might get to see the water.Again a shrug of the shoulders from management.WE had a business associate a single female join us some days into our trip. She was confirmed in our hotel. Upon arriving she was told there was no room for her at our hotel but they could put her up at a hotel 5 miles away and a $14 cab ride each way. They promised her a room the next day. They wouldn't adjust her room rate even though it was a lesser hotel. We knew there would not be a room available because they had been one lie after another. As predicted they didn't have a room the next day in fact there would not be a room available at all. We got very angry at this and demanded once again to sit with management and discuss the situation. This time I decided to video tape it. I did get alot of the conversation on tape before security decided to threaten to confiscate my camera if I didn't stop filming. We did get satisfaction.Our guest got her room in our hotel.Two nights later my eleven year old daughter slept in our friends room. Ar 4 am they awoke to find a maintenance worker rifling through her purse. She gave chase and lost the person between some buildings.Hotel reaction please don't call the police. WE have a special procedure to handle these things. We called anyway. The police didn't want to make a report. The hotel promised us a copy.The next day the hotel said sorry we can't give you a report of the incident. I threatened call the American consulate and the hotel then gave me a copy. We called the general manager for three days to try and meet with him to tell him this story. Not a call back or acknowledgement. Again no apologies.This is owned by Sol Melia worldwide hotel group. I would never stay at any of thier hotels or patronize any of thier properties again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>OnTheRd
<Content>An excellent vacation at a beautiful resort....just a few things to know. We stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real from 12/31/07 - 1/5/08 and had an absolutely great time overall. Below is a summary of our stay with some details that other guests will hopefully find helpful.Arrival in Punta Cana  Paradisus -We arrived on New Year's Eve and expected both the airport and hotel to be in somewhat of a state of chaos because of the holiday. Luckily, we had no problem getting through the airport quickly. You will definitely want to book your airport transfer in advance. Otherwise, you will be accosted by cab drivers, etc. We used a company called Dominican Airport Transfers. You can book ahead online and pay through PayPal. Our driver was on-time for our pick-up holding a sign with our last name on it, so he was easy to find. He was also early picking us up from the hotel on our way back to the airport. Checking in to the hotel was also easy, quick, and uneventful. Even though the process was quick, we were brought Presidente Beer to enjoy while we waited. Not a bad beer at all. Note that we decided not to book a Royal Service Room. In the end, we agreed that this was the right decision. Our room was ready, and we were escorted by a bellboy right away. He spent about 5-10 minutes reviewing the features of the room with us. He did not hang around looking like he was expecting a tip, although we did tip of course. In general, we never felt that any of the employees expected tips, but were very gracious to receive them. We were happy to tip (bring 1 dollar bills with you for this purpose). Most of the employees we encountered were very friendly.Room - Our room was right in the main building adjacent to the lobby on the second floor. Far enough away from the lobby that we did not get any lobby noise. We had a beautiful view of the gardens, which are immaculately kept. The room was very clean and room service was prompt every day, with the room being made up by 12-1 PM daily. Never had any problems with getting towels, etc. Everything was in working order. Mini-bar was restocked daily. The room looks very similar to the pictures on the hotel website.The Hotel Grounds - SO Beautiful! Really, I cannot say enough. Landscaping is lush, beautiful flowers everywhere. The view from the open air lobby to the courtyard, pool, and ocean is just indescribable. Pictures will never do it justice. The lobby is very large, with plenty of comfortable seating areas and a lobby bar. Everything is very clean, no trash/bottles, etc. lying around anywhere. At night, the lobby area is lit with candles and lanterns which looks gorgeous! And, the scent of incense is in the air...very spa-like environment.Pool - The largest pool I have ever seen anywhere, and very, very clean. We stayed at the main pool because w did not have Royal Service, but there is a smaller pool for Royal Service Guests and another for Family Concierge. We liked the pool and the pool bar very much! Only downside...the chairs and huts by the pool (and on the beach) are reserved by about 9:00AM by people putting down towels or other assorted items. Sometimes, unfortunately, people never return to these chairs, so they go unused most of the day, while others that are looking for chairs cannot find one. Not sure what the hotel can do here...I suggested moving the stuff if not used for more than one hour. But, guests should be respectful of other guests. We are early risers, so it didn't bother us, but I could see where this could be a nuisance to others. No problem with getting towels at the pool at any time.Beach - Also very nice! Scenery cannot be beat, and again, very clean. There was quite a bit of sea grass, but obviously, this cannot be controlled by the hotel. They did, however, have a crew out every morning bagging the sea grass that washed up on to the beach. The sand was also raked each evening. We loved the beach! It is a bit windy in December though. Nice to walk on the beach in either direction. Water sports can be booked through the hotel at the activities hut, and many are included in the all inclusive price. The hotel could do a better job at explaining what is included and how to book activities.We did not partake in the spa amenities, but we did tour the area, and it looked very nice. We generally spent our days by the pool or on the beach, enjoying the scenery and relaxing. It was wonderful!Food - A mixed bag. I would say about average to slightly above average and inconsistent overall. The reservation system is a disasterand very confusing. The restaurant indicates that reservations for thea la carte restaurants can be made between 10AM-2PM and again from 6-10PM for the following day. And, they don't let you make reservationson the first day for the rest of the week. So, although we didn't haveproblems getting reservations, we ate at hours that we didn't prefer on a couple of nights because the spots fill up quickly. Many times, no one answered the phone when we tried to call. It got a bit frustrating.Breakfast/Lunch - Buffet for us since we didn't do royal service. We are not big buffet people, but after the first day, we found what we liked and stuck to it for the rest of the week. Try to go with the stuff that is made to order, like eggs/omelettes for breakfast and quesadillas for lunch. Some of the stuff looked like it was hanging out for awhile, which was not appealing. There was a nice selection of cold cereal for breakfast as well.Passion - This is the adults only restaurant. We ate there our first night, new years eve, and the food was absolutely terrible. We were really scared of what we were in for the rest of the week. We ended up ordering room service later on (pizza and hamburger) because we were so hungry from not eating dinner, and although it arrived promptly, it was also terrible. Luckily, it got a bit better from there. On new years eve, all restaurants had the same menu offerings, so we went back later in the week to try the regular menu at Passion.They do a tasting menu type meal which was good (either seafood or meat). On a positive note, we got fun hats and noisemakers for new years eve and attended a big party with fireworks on the beach at midnight. Very nice!Bana - It's not very well noted, but there are actually three different food experiences within this restaurant. The first is what they call Bistro Asian cuisine. It was just average. The second is hibachi style cooking which was really good and enjoyable. The third is a sushi bar, which we did not try. However, we asked for a plate of sushi rolls with our hibachi dinner and they happily obliged. The rolls were excellent! Be specific about which dining experience you want when you make reservations.Vento - We had a very nice meal here as well. Excellent service, although a bit slow. The food was very good. This was our second favorite meal after Bana hibachi.Personnel - We did not encounter too much of an issue with a language barrier, although we know very basic phrases in Spanish. Overall, the staff was very nice and friendly. We noticed that some were partying/drinking on the job. We felt that the staff did their jobs just fine, but we didn't necessarily feel pampered.Excursions - We went horseback riding one day, which is included in the rate and arranged by the resort. Key thing to know here....the ranch is almost an hour away in each direction. Our trip left the resort at 3:30, and we didn't get back until about 7:45. And, you are taken to the ranch in an open-air bus. Can be a bit unsettling when going through some not-so-great areas. However, the trip itself was great and riding the horses on the beach was amazing! Got some great pictures.Nightlife - not much going on after dark at the resort. There is a casino which we didn't go to. We tried the disco and had a good time there, but it wasn't very crowded at all. The resort tries to provide some entertainment, but the crowd seemed to turn in early. We saw a show one night that was fun with a live band. Just be prepared to create your own fun at night if you're looking for a nighttime scene.Overall, we would recommend the resort to others...there are just a few small kinks that need to be ironed out. The grounds are expansive,and even though the hotel was full when we were there, it never seemedoverly crowded to us. The location is fabulous and, again, the hotel grounds are just amazing.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>donridge
<Content>Not quite Paradise, but pretty good Paradisus Palma Real is really quite a property. The hotel is set back at the beach, and is very large from end to end, with a huge two level indoor/outdoor lobby. There are two pools to enjoy - a very large pool for everyone's use and a second, smaller pool for those who have paid extra for family concierge service.I would recommend the Family Concierge service. The hotel assigns a very knowledgeable person to take care of your needs - cookies and milk for your child - no problem. Book an excursion off property or eat at one of the restaurants with a reservation? No Problem. Something special about your diet? No problem. Tennis lessons to book? Massage or golf to book? No Problem. In fact, there was no issue that our Concierge could not handle. They did not know everything, but they knew a great deal.The rooms range in size from very small to quite roomy. We thought we were getting a roomy room, and ended up with a very small room with the worst pull-out couch on the face of the earth for our daughter to sleep on. The hotel staff had a few tricks to make it better, and it turned out OK. Power at the hotel was never a problem and there was always hot water.The food at the hotel was OK to quite good. At all times, there is a buffet running, and it is big with lots of choice and the staff prepares very good food. Remember that this is a Spanish-influenced culture, so not everything will be like it is in North America and much of the food is grown differently, so it tastes a bit different. Overall, our food experience was pretty good.The staff were all very helpful - always smiling, happy and attentive. We ran into very few who did not care and did not try. There were some funny rules and some things that could be changed; and I expect that this two-year old hotel will continue to get better.As for kids - the expectations were high, but the kids club and the experience was not very good. However, that is going to change, as I was informed that the Hotel is building  La Reserve a new area that is dedicated to creating a wonderful experience for kids of all ages from toddlers to 18 years of age. A dedicated pool, a dedicated buffet, music rooms, billiards, baby-sitting, a toddler area - lots of great opportunity for families to really enjoy themselves and offer something for tweens and teens too!However, the biggest drawback was the entertainment. it starts too late for those with families to ever enjoy and the variety is so-so. There is not much for young kids to do at night, and no where to go. The town of Bavarro offers absolutely nothing - no shopping, no movie theaters, no culture of any sort. So once you are at the resort, you are kind of stuck.If you remember that this is a poor island, and that the resorts are sort of self-contained and you love sun and surf, then this is the place to come.We did enjoy ourselves and would go back - but first we want to see Bermuda, Grenada, Fiji, Bali, the Grenadines........  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenn226
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful       First Sunset of our trip...  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>friendNewYork
<Content>hated it I can in all honesty tell people do not expect 5 star service! In our case the resort was overbooked and we were expected to take a room a distance from all activity and the management made no effort to help. After much ado they found us a new room the next day. We were only asking for what we paid for! The restaurants are difficult to get into...you spend each morning trying to make reservations. The facilities and activities they advertise are great......but only for the few that manage to get reservations. You need to make each morning a race to get a shade hut on the beach. We gave up trying to use room service.....even for ice we needed to get a cleaning lady to help us.If you are a royal service guest it may be different, but friends we we were with also had difficulties with service. If you go as a regal suite guest, do not expect much. It is quite a shame because the resort is quite beautiful, but not worth the hassle.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>janinelouie
<Content>Very Happy with this Resort       Lobby overlooking pool  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jeffreykNJ
<Content>Beautiful resort, not great for kids, should be more value for the cost I stayed here during Christmas week with my wife and two kids (10  8). Of course it was expensive for peak period, but overall value could have been better.We stayed at the family concierge section which definitely has benefits, primarily dinnner reservations and reserved pool huts/lounges. The staff is very friendly and helpful. However, the numerous staff are not utilized properly. They sporadically go around asking if you want a drink and they do not come around and clean up.The kids camp is non-existent. It was used by a very small number of young kids (5  6). My kids had no interest once they saw the tiny room for the camp and the paltry schedule. There was no attempt by anyone to cater to the numerous kids in attendance. There was ample opportunity to organize volleyball (pool or beach), soccer, races, etc.. Strangely, the only attempts at organizing anything was for adults, who had limited interest. It is obvious that this is not a priority to the mgmt at this resort. This is a shame because there is so much opportunity.Nightly entertainment is mediocre in comparison to several other Caribbean resorts I have visited.Food was fine for an all inclusive.Beach is beautiful (seaweed is unavoidable but easily ignored). The overall property is in good shape.Overall, my family enjoyed the vacation but we would not go back.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>ClarenceBeaks
<Content>A Great Trip Until...... My family and I just returned from a week at the Paradisus Palma Real and despite a few hiccups here and there, we had an incredible time. First of all, the people who work there make a sincere effort to be accomodating and couldn't be nicer, especially the amount of nasty and demeaning travelers who are in their face from morning until night. The resort is very well kept up and extremely clean, and the friendly staff does what it can to make your stay a pleasant one. We always felt safe there and had no problem letting the kids wander the grounds without us having to be with them 24/7.The pools are numerous and never felt crowded even when the resort was. The beach is wide and long and the Paradisus beachfront was very well kept. There was a good amount of seaweed in the water right in front of the hotel but if you walked down less then a hundred yards, it cleared out. The hotel staff does a great job getting the seaweed off the beach. Our rooms were nicely appointed, spacious and clean. Ocean View is not to be confused with Ocean Front; it's not right in front of you but if you go out to your balcony you can see it. Food was fine, what you would expect at an all-inclusive. The a la carte restaurants were spotty, the service and the food, and by mid-trip, almost impossible to get reservations for. The buffet was better then most all-inclusives but anything gets tired after seven straight days. Again, while others might complain, we found the food fresh, diverse and plentiful.The tone of the place changed with the weekend leading up to Christmas as holiday travelers arrived en masse and unfortunately the hotel was not up to the task. Often their efforts to be accomodating met with unfortunate results as typified by their giving unlimited amounts of towels to people asking for them, and then suffering the wrath of other people who couldn't get any when they ran out.....and boy were they mad. We witnessed people going up and asking for 8-10 towels, and then taking them up to their room so they can put them down the next morning, in the daily ritual to find chairs and huts on the beach and poolside. Early in the trip we could get chairs anytime we wanted, by the end of the trip, all huts and most chairs were gone by 8am. Hope you get up early. Bottom line: we loved the resort and we loved the staff and we would recommend to anyone as long as they don't go in a peak period like the week between Christmas and New Year's. They just aren't up to the task of providing the same level of service as they do when it is less crowded. What disappointed us the most was the ugly behavior of our fellow visitors who didn't always get what they wanted, when they wanted it. Yes, when you pay as much as you do for a high-end resort like this, you should get what you paid for and not have to settle for less then stellar service but a little more patience and civility might have better results.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>pfknewjersey
<Content>A beautiful hotel destroyed by terrible service! Our stay started out with problems at the front desk. We around 20 minutes before 3:00. Told that check in time is at 3:00 and we should go to lunch and come back at 3:00. We returned after lunch and was given a room and told our luggage was already in the room. No concierge took us to the room, it took us 20 minutes to get there and the room was located far away. Of course, our luggage was not there. We went back to the front desk and told them we did not want that room. The said okay but we could not get another room until 6:00. We sat in the lobby in our travel clothes and waited for another room. The concierage told us that he would tell us about the hotel at 9:00 the next morning. Why couldn't he tell us during the 2 hours we sat in the lobby? Because he wanted to try and sell us time share. So we never got the introduction to the hotel. At 6:30 we finally got a new room and they found our luggage. First day, totally wasted. Turned out that room was next to the utility closet and we did not sleep at all the first night because we heard the pipes all night. Went down to the lobby in the morning and asked to have our room changed. They said they couldn't because the hotel was 100% booked and there were no empty rooms. The hotel was actually about 25-30% booked. They finally gave us another room and a concierge did take us this time and showed us around the room. This room was on the 3rd floor and that night there was a door on the roof blowing opening and closing. Went down to the lobby again to complain and they gave me the 100% booked speech again. I made the head of guest services come up with me and she could not believe how bad it was. She called maintaince and in 15 minutes had the door closed. End of that problem. We had massages in the spa and droped $250.00. Massages were good. However, the next day we took a massage workshop in the Zen pavillian. They told us how they take you into the spa and show you how to use each pool first, than the steam room and then the sauna. No one showed us and we did it all wrong. They also had fabulous cabanas outside where you could have your massage in as a single or a couple. But no one offered us that and instead we had our massages upstairs and listened to the drilling that they were doing downstairs with construction in the spa. Too bad that they did not offer the beautiful cabanas. The food was average- enjoyed the Japanese and Asian the best. Some of the outdoor restaurants did not open when it rained and also Nanos did not open until our last day- we were told it was because the hotel was not full enough to have 2 outdoor buffets open. Hmmmm.... they could not change our room because they were 100% booked yet the restaurants did not open because they did not have enough people. Not impressed with the Market Grill because the food laid out there all day from 11:00 to 6:00. We found the atmosphere to be a bummer because everyone we met either in the lobby or the restaurants or the pool had nothing but similar complaints that we had. It was a shame because the hotel was beautiful and the grounds with the gardens was really nice. The service was terrible, food just fair, rooms very musty and nightly entertainment very weak. Overall, we would NEVER recommend this resort and would NEVER return. We have travelled for over 30 years and been to so many great places. This one was a real disappointment and we felt like it was a waste of our money. By the way, we did tip including a real nice tip to the front desk when we arrive and found it did not help at all. Trip was a bummer!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>louiseblanes
<Content>Can麓t wait to returnto paradise       sunrise  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mossreport
<Content>Paradise at the Paradisus? I actually won a free trip to this resort, so I approached this trip with ample skepticism since I have traveled all over the country and stayed at several 5 star hotels and resorts. This is going to be my first experience with an all inclusive resort. First of all, flying into Punta Cana was a breeze. Easy to get in the country though immigration and fast baggage claim. Caught a cab to the hotel, somehow we did not get the free transportation passes to the hotel. Arriving at the Paradisus is amazing. From the enterance you can see the beach, the photos from the website are real and accurate. At this point, I will share with you the worst experience of the trip. When you check in they introduce you to your actvity concierge, whose job is to tell you about what is going on at the resort, book your dinner reservations, and get you to go to the timeshare sales center. It was quite annoying that when you are present with such a beautful place they hit you with an immediate sales pitch. The rooms are fantastic. Huge, clean, great. I was very impressed, a nice living room, huge king size bed, two flat screen tvs, a nice shower, and huge tub. I cant complain at all about the rooms. The fridge was stocked with water, soft drinks, and Presidente beer which sucks. No matter who we tried to bribe we could not get Corona's in the room. Now onto the food, this was an interesting experience, but neither me nor my friend got sick from eating anything so I was happy. The first night they tried to make us go to the buffet but at 6 we called up and were able to get into to Passions. The food was not to bad. They tried a little to hard to be fancy but overall everything tasted good and I enjoyed the presentation. Bana has 3 options and we chose the Tepanyaki twice and both times it was good and fun. We also went to Vento. Dissapointing. I can't say why but it just was.The beaches and pools were quite nice. I loved the beach loungers that were very comfortable and there were ample numbers of them. I have to say I enjoyed a fun and romantic getaway.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>nardt3
<Content>Splendor in the Caribbean This splendid resort hotel was an absolute pleasure for all of our senses...sights, sounds, smells, taste...all our senses were aroused and satisfied in a tropical paradise setting. Let yourself go....and you cannot miss. I will now categorize the key areas that contributed to the extraordinary experience my wife and I recently had.Physical Features: Beautifully furnished with a dark wook and spectaculary lighted ambiance. Beautiful architecture. Panaramic lobby that words and pictures could never do justice. Lobby opens to a panaramic view of the pool, fountatins and water that is breathless. Landscaping was phenominal. The apparent attention to detail was evident everywhere. Staff was constantly cleaning, manicuring, washing, fixing. The beach was beautiful and expansive with luxurious bali beds that added to the experience and confort. Service: Phenominal; All emplyess helpful regardless of position. They were completely wiling to take pictures, provide information and they were able to effectively communicate in English regardless of their position.Entertainment: Varied and creative. Mini cabarets with in house cast of energetic and attractive and talented dancers. Costumes were creative and dynamic. They had varied setting for the entertainment including the lobby, beach, the thearter and other varied areas. Entertainment included jazz bands with excellent musicians, local flavor rhythmic bands, singing combos, magic show, acrebatic performance, fire shows and a dazzling display of painting to music that was a joy to the senses.Dining: Individual restaurants each unique in ambiance and cuisine....beautifully decorated. Food choices were varied and consistently excellent. Quality of the food was suprisingly good with great choices including great steaks, pork chops, seafood, breads, deserts.....all meals......all good.....weather you wanted lighter fare or not so light fare....you will be satisfied. The service was consistent with the service throughout the resort...that being excellent. In addition to the restaurantes of course there was the standard buffet which was always plentiful, varied, clean and very fresh.Royal Servie: This was the huge differentiator for me. This was an upgrade that just put this place completely over the top. If it were not part of my package, I would have many of the same comments as noted above however to have a personal butler with your personal cell phone kept you connected to every possible need or whim 24 hours a day. No lip service here...these butlers delivered the goods....what pampering. And the pampering was almost too much for me to take....in a good way....things like the pillow menu, beautiful room with jucuzzi, filled by the butler with bubble bath along with floating candles and flowers....;and all this without even asking. Intangibles: If I haven't said enough already, I'm not sure what to add other than this place stays with you. If you want to both a fantastic experience along with lasting memoires....this is your place....you can't miss....I mean it.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>appino210
<Content>Little other details...       Massive pool  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ToniAnn81302
<Content>Absolute Paradise       View from Lobby - Breathtaking!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luv2eat29
<Content>Asi Asi Hi All! Paradisus Palma Real is amazingly stunning when you first arrive! it was picture perfect! Check in was a breeze for me, although it wasn't as easy for other members of my traveling crew! Some of their rooms weren't ready, and some of the front desk receptionist were not on the ball. My friend had been helped first, but by the time I was already on my way to my room, she was still standing there without any answers and a room, just a finger ttelling her to hold on. I later found out that the front desk person she dealt with was new. I believe for a four diamond resort everyone should be trained before they get thrown onto the floor. I was happy though, the girl that checked us in upgraded us to a room in family concierge. I felt really lucky and was psyched! We had help getting to our room from Willyn, a bellhop, who by the way was such a pleasure. He filled us in on all of the do's and don'ts, like do not brush yoru teeth with the water, etc. If you ever have the pleasure of meeting him, it is in your best interest to take care of him ;) He'll make everything so much easier. Our room was o.k. It was a little musty and damp, which, what can you expect down there. It is hot and humid. I don't think there is anyway of controlling that. I did however find our room to be a bit narrow but, it was something that wasn't worth bringing up. I mean, we did get an upgrade. Willyn made me aware not to be afraid to order things to the room, like a bottle of vodka for my mini bar. It comes stocked with a few cans of pepsi, pesi light, oj, water and presidente. It took me 30 seconds to order a bottle of vodka and a case of corona. Press 0 on your phone and order through the mini bar service, not room service. I was told by a friend that if you order liquor through the room service you will be charged. But don't be afraid to order food from them. It isn't very good, but at 2 in the morning, tastes just fine! The grounds were beautiful. The resort was very well maintained, which I learned the hard way every morning at 7am! The upgraded room ended up being right on a rd., and abutting a stair well, and surrounded by tons of grass that the groundskeepers were really good at maintaining daily at 7am. They were oblivious to the fact that I had just strolled in at 4am from a wild night at the casino. So sleep was definitley hard to come by. I didn't want to complain, but then by the third day, my entry way to my room was filled with painters, their chatter, and the non stop buzzing of the weed wacker was echoing through my room. I easily could have pulled my hair out. I was there for a wedding, my best friends wedding, so I steered clear of switching rooms until after it was over. The wedding was absolutely amazing, she was gorgeous, it was the most beautiful wedding I've ever been a part of. The wedding planner Kelly, is amazing, and really know's her stuff. My best friend got married in the garden instead of on the beach, which I happen to think was better. Everyday we were there, there was a wedding on the beach, and it was sooooo windy! The one thing I would double check on if you are getting married there is if you have guests staying at other hotels, to somehow have Kelly, the wedding coordinator stay ontop of the front desk regarding bracelets for the resort. There was mass chaos regarding guests from other resorts coming in, and even though the wedding planner did her job and had a print out of who was coming, it still took 4 front desk attendants to figure things out, and your guest will be sitting there for at leat 30 minutes to get the bracelet. It is really aggravating and is something that can be avoided. I finally was able to switch rooms but, just my luck, they switched me to the exact same room but on the other side of the grass. Ummm, did I not make myself clear? I can't sleep!!!! Finally, Willyn showed up and I told him the problem, and he got our room swtiched over, downgraded, but much better and not as chlosterphobic feeling. Not to mention it was much closer to the lobby. The other room 2221 was off in another world, don't stay there. Let's see, what else, the food was mediocre. The best restaurant was Bana, the tepanyaki side. It was a lot of fun and the food was being cooked in front of you. I went there for my birthday and again another night because we forgot to make reservations for the other places. All of the restaurants had great ambiance. We ate at Bana the second night we were there but, on the otherside which was more prepared asian cusine. That was yummy, however we were there for the rehersal dinner so we might have had a different menu. Vento was the next best restaurant, really nice, but again I'd have to say the food was mediocre. I love to eat and I definitley was underwhelmed by the dishes. We went to Passion another night which is the adult only restaurant. The portions are shockingly small. The food was o.k., no where near being great, except for the soup that came in a shot glass. I ended up going to the buffet (NAOS) afterwards and filling up on yummies there. I'd have to say we ate at the buffet more then any other place. It offered a great variety. At least I was able to pick and choose a few different things. I'm pretty sure I gained 10lbs from that buffet. I didn't even fit into my wedding dress! Woops. Note to self, stay away from the almond cookies!!! I would recommend on Mondays not making a reservation for any restaurant because they have a fun Dominican festival in the courtyard with a huge buffet set up. It has even more food then the NAOS buffet and even has goat, if you are adventurous enough to try it. There also is this little buffet area called Market grill that is open for you when the other eating facilities are closed. It is especially fun to go at 3 in the morning when the Casino closes. O.K. Casino time. I'd have to say, I had a great time there. They have black jack, texas hold'em, roulette, three card poker, and carribean poker. Just keep your eyes on the dealer payouts because they tend to make mistakes. Stay away from Alba, my boyfriend calls her the General. You are guaranteed to lose your money when she deals. The cooler!!! Failsto, on the other hand was the best dealer and was super friendly. The beach was nice, however, I was a little hesitant to go swimming because of the murkey water. I watch a lot of discovery channel and they say never to swim in murkey water because sharks like it. Speaking of Sharks, we went snorkling with the nurse sharks, but almost all of our crew of 17 failed to see the one shark in the man made jail house in the middle of the ocean. It was very disturbing to take a boat out into the middle of the ocean only to find a rusty fence barricading this poor shark in. Its pretty ironic, this shark is in the middle of the beautiful sea, but he can't go anywhere because he is trapped in this cage. I was under the impression we were going to a reef of some sort. The water was really murkey and I couldn't see the damn shark! I snapped a picture when someoen yelled out here is the shark, but I only got the tip of its head. Not worth the $$$$. Overall I had a good time. You can't complain too much when you are at a beautiful resort looking out at torquoise water. I will say I ended up getting a little bored because it seemed as if everyday was the same thing. I would take advantage of the activities they offer. It'll help pass the time. I went for 8 days. I think that was way too long for an all inclusive place. Thank goodness for the casino. Would I go back? Probably not, I think there are too many other destinations I would rather go to first. I would recommend getting married there though. I also think they need to tighten up on their service. Btw, stay clear of the people trying to sell you vacation clubs. You'll find yourself trapped becasue someone is being really nice to you, it'll seem like they are interested in you, but then they'll pull a sneak attack on you and somehow you'll be sitting through a presentation for the Sol Melia Vacation Club. Stay away. Maybe you should wear garlic around your neck. They might stay away. Have fun on your trip! Feel free to contact me with any questions!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lmw9767
<Content>Once you work out the details...       beach  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>ndv
<Content>Phenomenal wedding My husband and I got married at the Paradisus Palma Real on May 5, 2007, and had a phenomenal time. The wedding planner on staff, Kelly, did a remarkable job and had everything planned wonderfully. Ours was the first Jewish wedding at the resort, and Kelly was able to make all the necessary arrangements. The resort is GORGEOUS and like everyone else has said, the photos do not do it justice. All of our 50 guests had a great time and I would highly recommend this resort for anyone's destination wedding.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mark039
<Content>Fantastic, Beautiful, Friendly... Some pointers I can't even begin to describe how incredibly wonderful the resort is. Look at the pictures from the hotel website, they still don't do the place justice. The rooms were beautiful, and clean, but my wife and I didn't spend too much time in it anyway, because there's too much to do. The staff is very friendly, and eager to see your needs are met. I will say that it can be very busy, and bustling at times, especially during check-in or check-out times, so those would not be the best times to try to request anything from the front desk. I don't know where these people are who are looking for tips all the time, (Read some other reviews) Nobody during my stay ever asked for a tip, or hovered around as though they were expecting one. I tipped 3 people while I was there, The Bell hops who took my bags in and out of my room, and Damian the Aqua Bar Bartender. Go to the pool bar, and see Damian, he's Got It, and is entertaining and a great bartender to boot. The Language Barrier is not much of a problem considering that most of the staff speaks as much English as you may know of Spanish, and there are Very many English speaking personnell there.  There are, however some who speak No English. They are easy to spot. They are the ones on the low end of the totem pole, so to speak. Bus people, for instance. They are not expected to have to communicate very much beyond a Yes or No answer, so those are the 2 words they understand, and beyond that, they will fetch your server for you. The Food is delicious, and fresh, so you shoudln't be disappointed anywhere you eat.  DO make reservations if you get the sense that the resort is packed during your stay, unless you're like me, and don't really care what time you eat. Hey, you're on Vacation, remember?Go with that attitude, and you will not fail to have one of the best times you've ever had anywhere.Simply Amazingly Perfect.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Lisalana
<Content>Paradisus Equals Paradise       Kitchenette with sink and full size fridge  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>tamdanley
<Content>A Little Disappointed We were in the Dominican Republic 4 years ago in February and we really loved it. The weather was great and so was our resort which has since changed hands. We paid $450 per night to stay at the Paradisus Palma Real. We got there around 4:30 p.m. and it took about 2 hours to get into our room. When we did we saw that the door to the mini bar was broken and hanging there. We asked for it to be fixed and they did. Our bathroom mirror was filthy as well as the wall around it. It had toothpaste and shaving cream all over it. We took showers and it leaked so bad around the door that it literally flooded the bathroom. We also asked for one king size bed and we had two full size beds. There was a pop can that stayed under our bed the entire 9 days we were there. We complained about the dirty bathroom, flooding shower and and bed. Hours went by with no response. We wrote it down thinking they could read english better than the spoken word. Still no results. Finally afters hours of waiting they put strips around the shower door. It still leaked, but no longer flooded. Housekeepers came and went and the bathroom stayed dirty. We finally caught one in our room and had to show her where to clean. Pop can remained under the bed. We had to deal with two full size beds. Several times they failed to leave us wash cloths and floor mats. Took an act of congress to get them. Everyone working there expected a tip for everything they did. We tip, but only if deserving. I went to turn a beach towel back in and the man working in the towel area very rudely said put it in the basket I asked him what basket he was talking about and he just pointed. One morning we were going out to snorkel and needed beach towels. I stopped at the towel area to get two towels and they didn't have any. I went to the lobby to wait for our pickup. There was a group going somewhere and they had two racks of towels for this group. I went over and picked up two and they wouldn't let me have them. The people don't speak English much at all. The country was a lot dirtier than it was the first time we were there. Piles of trash every where. For this to be a luxury resort they left trash around longer than they should have. Straws, empty cups, water bottles, etc. A housekeeper took a bar glass out of our room and sat it on a ledge outside our room. It stayed there for about 24 hours. We met a man from California and learned that he was paying $375 per night. We were paying $450. Not worth it to me.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>sticksnstones
<Content>Almost Perfect Ok ladies and gentlemen, my wife and I just got back from the Paradisus Palma Real. We stayed there from 11/10/07 to 11/17/07. Let me say at the outset that this was our fourth vacation in the Dominican Republic since 2001. We stayed at the Paradisus Punta Cana the previous three times and always loved it. When we heard that the Sol Melia group was opening the Palma Real resort we couldn鈥檛 wait to try it.Upon arrival, we checked in and were given an upgrade to Ocean View. Check in wasroutine with one exception. We presented a credit card for imprint and the desk clerk processed a $300 鈥渉old鈥?transaction on the card and gave us a receipt with 鈥渄eposit hold鈥?hand written on it. When we checked out, the clerk made no mention of this until I brought it up. She unprocessed the 鈥渉old鈥?and gave us a zero balance receipt. I am still waiting for my statement to verify that no funds were removed. In 15 years of traveling, I have never seen this done.We were escorted to a beautiful, immaculate room on the third floor, the floor we had requested. The view from the balcony was exquisite. The room was fully equipped as advertised with a large flat screen TV, CD player, Jacuzzi, stocked mini bar, safe, hair dryer, etc. This was a 5 star room and we were very comfortable there for a week. Maid service was excellent with restocking of the mini bar, coffee, soaps and towels daily at about 10:00 AM. As a rule, I leave a $5 bill for the maid each day with a thank you note in Spanish. We would often return to the room to find a beautiful swan towel arrangement or flowers arrayed in a pattern on the bed. Some nights we came back to find the bed turned down with chocolate samplers placed on the cover. My wife and I have stayed in a dozen Caribbean resorts, from Sandals to Hiltons. The architecture and grounds of this resort are the most beautiful we have ever seen. Fountains, grand arches, statues, pools and towering columns give the resort a distinctive Roman inference. Marble and brick walkways meander around the enormous pool and beautifully maintained gardens. The entire garden complex is equipped with subtle lighting and decorative rock 鈥渟peakers鈥?that output soothing music almost 24/7. There are numerous, very comfortable outdoor beds with thatched roofs surrounding the pool. I would recommend placing some towels on one early in the morning before they are all taken if you want one for the day. The beach area is equipped with numerous thatched roof huts and lounge chairs. The sand is bright white and clean with the exception of accumulated sea grass at the tide line. Some reviews have complained about the sea grass in the ocean water. I didn鈥檛 find it to be that much of a problem. The ocean is very nice with a temperature of approximately 85 degrees F. If you are into body surfing, this is not your beach. Waves run about 2 to 3 feet maximum. There are a number of excellent showers available when exiting the beach. The large central pool is deeper than most resort pools with a depth of approximately 4 戮 feet. The water temperature was about 82 degrees F. There are a number of whirlpools located in circular structures within the pool that are relaxing. The pool bar centrally located with easy access to pool and ocean swimmers alike. Towels are available at a thatched roof counter between the pool bar and the beach. No towel cards are required. When you are finished with the towels, just drop them off in one of the many stylish bins located in the pool area.The resort has many stylish and well equipped bars. Top shelf liquors from all over the world are available. Beers including the local El Presidente, Budweiser, Heineken and Carona are also served. Numerous varieties of wines and champagnes are stocked. We received excellent service from all the bartenders who were very capable mixologists and were always in good humor and anxious to please the guests. Many of them will remember your favorite drinks and offer them up when you approach the bar. It does not hurt to tip the bartenders for even faster service during busy times. Smoking is permitted at all bars except the ones located inside Vento, Bana and Passion restaurants.Now for the restaurants. In some instances the food was a let down. This is the only area that my wife and I thought could use improvement. Naos is your general purpose buffet restaurant which is open for breakfast and lunch. The food is generally very good with a very wide selection available. Breakfast features a juice bar with fresh fruit blends made to order and multiple dispensers of juices. One or two stations are open for cooked to order omelets and egg dishes. The breakfast buffet offers egg dishes, bacons, sausage, potatoes, numerous vegetable dishes, meats, cheeses, fish, breads, fruit and cereal. The service is prompt and excellent and the fresh Dominican coffee is a wake up treat. For lunch, the selection is exceptional. During the week we were there, buffet selections included chicken, fish and steak cooked to order, many vegetable dishes, sea food dishes with lobster, scallops and muscles in an excellent sauce, lunch meats, cheeses, a side of ham or roast turkey, smoked salmon, caviar, a nice salad bar, hamburgers, pizza, pasta, a large selection of breads and deserts to die for. The servers were happy to bring you your favorite drink or a bottle of wine. My wife and I like Merlot and were offered multiple varieties from different countries. They were all excellent. When we finished the bottle, the servers did not hesitate to offer up a second bottle. Here again, tipping these wonderful people is the right thing to do and is much appreciated. When we would come in the following day, the servers would have our Merlot at the table before we even asked! Smoking is permitted in this restaurant. We had dinner at the Market Grill three times. This is an outside restaurant which is casual and allows smoking. Reservations are required, however, we were seated twice without one and with no objection. The surf and turf (lobster and Filet) is a good choice here. T-bone, rib eye and fish is also available. The T-bone was a far cry from US Grade A and very tough. Drinks, wines and Champagne were excellent. Service was excellent.We had dinner at Vento two times and enjoyed the meals. They have an excellent Fillet, Veal and Fish offering. Be aware that the indoor restaurants have two wine lists, the standard list and the pay list. We were initially shown the pay list with a large selection of wines priced in pesos. This is a little disconcerting at an all inclusive resort and I was taken aback. When I protested the server placed one of the priced wines on the table and suggested that it was a much better wine and worth the extra money. I told the server in no uncertain terms that I refused to pay for a bottle of wine at an all inclusive resort. He returned with the standard wine list from which we made a tasty selection. This was the only negative employee interaction that we experienced at the resort.Dinner at Passion was bland at best. Both my wife and I agreed that it was an extreme let down and that we would not return. Dinner at Bana was just ok, nothing special. We selected the bistro service. The Asian dishes were of generous proportions and similar to what you would get at your local Asian fast food.The hotel provides a free taxi to and from the local shopping mall which is about 5 minutes away. This is a standard American type mall with an assortment of shops selling upscale clothing to drug store commodities. The mall is an offshoot of the hotels and is owned by them. The shopping was rather bland with limited selections and standard pricing. This is very much unlike our experience at other resort towns where the shopping district is run by the locals, the products are very diverse and bartering is the norm. To experience a true cultural shopping experience, I would suggest a taxi ride to the Bavaro Plaza shopping district a few miles north. In summary, I would rate the Paradisus Palma Real about an 8.5 on a 0 - 10 scale. It was a very relaxing vacation for us and generally in keeping with the upscale Sol Melia experience we have become used to.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Scot&Kristine
<Content>Just got back - great trip The resort overall - was absolutely beautiful - the art, the tiled floors (although slippery with the rain), beautiful beach was well manicured and taken care of, main pool was huge, open air lobby, expansive.Royal Service - was nice to have a butler who figured everything out for you and made reservations - but could have done it ourself no problems. We didn't take advantage of the bath or pillow service. The one thing that i would actually consider paying $50-75 per night for was the lounge chairs and the bali beds under the huts on the RS private beach - those were the most comfortable things I've ever been on and was probably one of the best things on the trip (in my opinion). That and eating at Gabi Beach for dinner were well worth the extra money. Also - there was a RS louge to help with any questions - it also had snacks, drinks, tv, internet/computer and board games.Food - this was our first time to an AI. To put it in perspective, my husband and I are 32 and 36 - we travel a lot esp. to the caribbean and usually stay at 4 or 5 start resorts. By the end of our 6-day trip, everything started tasting the same. The one restaurant that was well above the others was Gabi Beach - we ate there twice and would have eaten there more if we didn't feel obligated to try the others. I also liked the teppanyaki bar at Bana but my hubby didn't as much. Vento - ok, Market Grill - was also ok. We ate the buffet at MG and the main buffet every day for lunch.Casino - was fun - met a lot of fun people there.Entertainment - the main theater had several events (jazz, circus, etc.). We never did that - looked cheesy. A couple of nights we hung at Gabi Beach - seemed to be a more trendy, cooler atmosphere. Spa - just ok. The masseus didn't seem to be trained for massages, so although it wasn't terrible, it wasn't great. Service - I thought it was great all around (pool, restaurants, butlers, checkin/out). I keep my expectations low when in the caribbean - but I never had any problems and we were very happy with the service. I even left my watch in the room after we checked out and the cleaning lady had turned it in to her supervisor!Tips - some people were more willing to take tips than others. We tipped $5-10 per night at dinner, $2 at lunch, $3 at the beach for the guys to get our beds set up, $1 for each drink, $30 for butler for the week and $10 for the cleaning ladies. Other activities - we heard that there were ball boys at the tennis courts - we would have liked to do that but wanted to spend more time at the beach. We took windsurfing lessons - was hard, but fun.Weather - was mid-80s all days except two when it rained (one day it poured all day long nonstop).Other - ladies - there is no hair conditioner in the rooms and the blow dryers are the ones on the wall (in case you have long, think hair - they always short out half way through). Don't get a bottom floor room - we had cockroaches 3 nights in a row (we never ate in our room). They have sunscreen at the RS pool for everyone's use.All in all - was a great trip. I'm glad we tried it - we like to try other locales, so we probably won't be back anytime soon - but I would hesitate to recommend this resort to people who are open to the AI scene.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ltritz
<Content>Really Enjoyed My fianc茅 and I visited the resort during the week of Nov 11, 2007. I鈥檓 not sure if it was because the resort was not at capacity, or we opted for the Royal Service, or the place really knows what they are doing鈥ut we received excellent service. I have been to numerous all-inclusive resorts for the past 20 years, so I have a little knowledge of what to expect.Upon arrival we skipped the line for check-in and was taken to an air conditioned room. As far as the language problem, there was none. Remember, you are not in the U.S., you are in the Dominican Republic where Spanish is the language. Carlos was assigned as our Butler. He took us around the property and explained everything we needed to know. If we had further questions, he left us with a cell phone to call him whenever we needed him. He made all our dinner reservations, reserved the bali beds at the beach, ordered our selection from the pillow menu (which was wonderful) and filled our jacuzzi tub upon request. The room was clean and well kept. A couple lights were out, but after a call from Carlos, is was taken care of within minutes. Towels, soap, mini-bar, turn-down, etc. was always taken care of. We did leave a couple dollars daily for the maid.The beach was clean. Yes a little sea grass, but you are at the ocean. Drink service was available as well as a periodic snack here and there. Although we did not spend much time at the pools, they were nice and clean.Drinks were made well. The lobby bar and the martini bar were our favorites. The bartenders seemed to be the most out going there. Don鈥檛 forget to try the Mamajuana. You can buy some to take home. (Just note: buy some with the rum in the bottle. If you only purchase the root in the bottle, customs will take it away from you.)Food was pretty average for an all-inclusive. The buffet suffices well for breakfast and lunch, although you do have other sit-down alternatives. We liked Gabi Beach the best. Passions would have been up there, but our server was obviously new, so he wasn鈥檛 as 鈥榮easoned鈥?as the other waiters. The Japanese grill was fun and allowed you to meet and mingle with other guests. We also had sushi another day there before dinner and it was ok. The Market Grill and Ventos was average. We did not try Bana.They had activities throughout the day, but not really advertised. One day we tried the finger painting 鈥?highly recommended. It was a lot of fun and you got a souvenir to take home. The wine tasting was educational and we each got a bottle of wine to take home. There was also other oil painting classes, dance lessons, Spanish lessons, cocktail making, but we missed them. I tried a spa treatment, very professional and relaxing. Someone would walk around occasionally with a parrot, monkey or iguana for picture taking.Evening shows included a jazz band, circus act, local bands, mime鈥檚, etc. They really encouraged you to participate and dance along. The nightclub seemed empty most nights except one, but then again, we were usually back in our room by midnight. The casino was small but sufficient, having tables and slots. The lobby restrooms were always clean and smelled of ginger.Checking out was quick and easy. Once getting to the airport was another story. We were in a huge line. They manually go through your bags. At least the airport expanded since the last time I was there. There is another section added on that is air conditioned.To sum it up, I would recommend this resort and would visit again, after I first visit all the other places I have not been to yet.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Naplesqueen
<Content>Some problems at Paradisus We just returned last night from a 7 day stay at this resort. I want to write this review while things are fresh in my mind. The resort itself is beautiful! We found the food to be fair in all restaurants. Passion was our least favorite and Market Grill our most enjoyable. The service overall was quite good in the areas that we came in contact with. The staff for the most part was very friendly and accomodating but the language barrier created problems almost everywhere. USE THE SAFE! One of the couples travelling with us, who were in a hurry to go to dinner on the first evening, came back to find $500 in cash gone. The first clue should have been when their key card didn't work! They got absolutely no satisfaction from management even after several meetings. They could have at least tried to appease them by offerring a spa comp. But, nothing.Most guests were chair hogs at the pool by getting there very early and putting their things on a chair to reserve it until they were ready to go back.....whenever that might be. The service at the Pool Bar was excellent. The drinks are very good ( top shelf liquor ) and they don't skimp. The bartenders at the lobby bar were great and very entertaining.Room service is a joke! They only offer one type of breakfast....continental. Expect to wait forever to get it even if you order it the night before. Your mini fridge is stocked one day and not stocked the next.The Buffet was ok for breakfast and lunch. We never tried it for dinner but friends did and said it was good.I'm sure those who have reviewed this resort who had the Royal Service had a different experience with getting dinner reservations but for most of us who had the regular accomodations it was often difficult. When they tell you to get to the airport 3 hours early, they aren't kidding. What a fiasco to leave the country.The casino is not big at all and I wonder about some of the people working there. They try to steer you to slot machines that are going to hit........they didn't!Overall, we found the resort to be beautiful and the staff eager to please. We had mini aggravations every day but got used to them. We only left the resort to play golf and to walk down the beach to the local shops. I wouldn't advise going to those shops. They almost attack you to buy their goods. It was most uncomfortable and scary. There are armed guards patrolling the perimeter of the property at night! I guess that's a good thing but it doesn't make you feel really comfortable.Would we go back? Probably not.........................  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>kimmyd1982
<Content>Great Honeymoon! I don't understand the bad reviews, please don't let them keep you away from this amazing place.We did royal service and loved it. Had a bed on the beach every day, no problem getting one, the pools seemed more crowded. We had an ocean front room which was amazing! Go see Angel in the royal servie lounge, we did everyday and loved him! The food was good, we liked Gabi Beach and Passion the best for dinner, Bana was very good also. I didn't really like the lunch buffet, but I am a picky eater. Vento was good for breakfast and I loved the french toast at the breakfast buffet. Market Grill was probably my least favorite.One thing I don't understand in the bad reviews are complaints about service. We had the best service ever and had no problems communicating with anyone. We also learned some Spanish while we were there. The main pool was huge, that seemed to be where most people went, the pool bar looked fun, but I'm a beach lover and it was beautiful so thats where we stayed all week. Our favorite drinks were the mango bellini and frozen tiki tikis, yummmm! Oh and I was scared from reading other reviews about the sea grass, it was bad one day in the water and thats it. I didn't even notice it again.All in all a perfect honeymoon, we would definitely go back!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LINative
<Content>Stay Away We just got back from a 4 night stay and although the place was beautiful and clean, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone!The food was terrible and it was very difficult to get reservations. They tell you to book them at 6pm the night before, but at 6pm there are no reservations available until 9pm? We heard numerous complaints about the dealers at the casino were cheating. There was NO customer service. The staff just did not care.We had 4 rooms. Whether it was room service, maintenance or security that we called, it took them all at least 45 minutes to come. We all felt like we were being scammed every time we turned around. And yes, the bugs were biting like crazy!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	2	1	1	

<Author>Travelersx4
<Content>Book elsewhere The hotel is physically beautiful, but thats about it. The staff can use a lesson in customer service. It is hard to communicate with the staff. They do not honer reservations, the room service is very slow. The FOOD is INEDIBLE. Activities for the hotel are very sparse, but you are constantly hounded by outside companies trying to sell you expensive extra activities..... sailing, para sailing, ATVs etc. We had a bad experience with an ATV breaking down and they didn't seem to care or refund our money back. Our next door neighbors got robbed in their room. They came back and found their key didn't work. When they finally got into their room, it was ransacked and $500 dollars was missing. All their belongings were thrown around.While in a buffet line, part of the ceiling fell on my head and the staff could care less. No one even came over to see if I was alright. They cleaned up the mess and that was about it. My ID bracelet fell off and the front desk wanted to charge me $250 dollars to replace it. The manager wouldn't budge and was so rude. Security wouldn't let me into the pool even though there were 17 people in our group. It took another visit to the desk with my husband until they finally gave me another bracelet, which is a flimsy rope. We all got eaten alive by bugs.....go elsewhere not worth it !  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Louis59
<Content>Everything We Expected!       Late afternoon on the beach  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>japinch
<Content>Needed help We just got back from the Paradisus. We spent 5 nights with 4 other families. Check in was pretty easy, however we never got the rooms that we requested. We needed connecting and double beds for our kids. 2 of the 4 families got the connecting...none got the double beds. I was supposed to get an ocean view, that did not happen as well.The rooms were okay. They were clean and modestly furnished. We rarely spent time in the room, so it wasn't an issue. We were all traveling with children ranging from ages 18 to 9. Therefore, we didn't qualify for their Royal Service. Getting chairs at the beach or the pool was never a problem. Reservations at the restaurants wasn't a difficlult task either. Getting seated on time wasn't as easy. Be prepared to wait WITH reservataions.The property is well maintained, but they pipe in this scent in the main building that at times was a bit offensive.The food was bad. The daily lunch buffet was boring, bland and at times just gross. We ate at Bana, Vento, and the Market. All were sub par. The service was fair. There is definately a language barrier. 75% of the employees speak no english. One night I was behind the group for dinner and asked 4 employees where Bana was located..they looked at me like I was crazy. I thought they should at least know the restaurant names.We all got services at the spa. Most of us were happy with the massages and facials. One person in our group waited in the treatment room for 1/2 hour and then was told that her facial needed to be cancelled. They refused to give her a free one the next day. They were not service oriented to say the least.We spent most of our time at the beach. As did the bugs. There are bugs everywhere and they bite. Bring bug spray and lots of it! The bites each and are really uncomfortable.Be aware, you are given color coded bracelets upon check in. DO NOT lose yours. One person in our groups fell off and when she went to the desk to get another, since she was blocked from going in the pool, she was told it would cost her an additional $250. Once her husband went to the desk, the response was no problem. I think that they are a bit sexist. If you go...go with medium expectations. We wound up having a good time, because we were with a great group of people. If we had been alone, I think that our kids would have been bored. There were no activities planned for kids ages 9-18. Our group did venture out to do the ATV's of which was a bust. Most of their time was spent waiting for repairs to be made on disabled bikes. The equipment is old and poorly maintained. There is parasailing, speed-boats, and scuba trips. All at addiitonal monies. Again, the parasailing boat was constantly being fixed so rides were cancelled on 2 occasions.I would not go back to the hotel. Overall, we did have fun, but I feel that there are other properties doing a better job. This one needs help.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Westies5
<Content>Stay Away I was followed from the Casino from an employee who worked at the bar. He waited for me to come out of the restroom and put his hand out like he wanted to shake my hand and grabbed me and tried to kiss me. I told him no and that I had a fiance and he pulled me in again and tried to kiss me. I was able to get away and get back to my fiance.We went to who we thought was management the next day and reported the incident and she assured us that we would not see him again. We were shocked that night when we went into the Casino and he was there. We went to the night manager who had him removed. He informed us that the management team would be having a meeting the next morning to discuss the incident. We offered to attend and give our side of it but they were not interested. We asked to be contacted that morning to let us know the status of his employment. No one contacted us.When we checked out that morning things just got even worse. They kept having us talk to employees from guest relations as though we had a problem with our towels or pillows. Finally we spoke with the General Manager who was one of the most arrogant people I have ever met. He took a phone call and spoke in Spanish but did not realize that my fiance understood every word. He told the person on the phone don't worry, they'll be gone soon.We contacted the corporate headquarters countless times when we got home and still have not heard the status of this man's employment. That is all we wanted and we explained that to them.I am terrified that this man will do this to someone else or even worse rape a woman. He did this to me with my fiance right inside the casino. The lack of concern and follow through from Sol Melia is very alarming. An employee put his hands on me and tried to kiss me twice and for someone reason this is no big deal to them? I was basically told it was his word against mine. The funny thing is I was told this and yet they had not even spoken with the employee.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZenNJ
<Content>IPOD  The hotel is beautiful, but we did not feel safe after the third day when our card did not work on the door. We were issued new cards for the same room. That same day, after a horrible horse back riding journey, we came back to the room to find that my IPOD and All my Cash were stolen. We were met with nothing but excuses and lack of information. We were worried for the rest of our belongings, but what can we do? We are still waiting for an apology from the hotel, still more excuses.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoriCharlotte
<Content>Wonderful staff! My husband and I had a wonderful trip and really thought the staff was very hospitable and really wanted to please you! The restaurants were all very different which you don麓t typically find at many resorts in the carribbean. The beach, pool, grounds and rooms were in excellent shape. We have stayed at other resorts in the DR and realize the difference in a great staff and one that is just doing their job. Way to go Paradisus keep up the awesome work!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>navyace
<Content>All fluff and no substance We were at this resort for my nieces wedding and service could not have been worse. Her sunset wedding took place long after sundown on a pitch black beach. The resort made no effort at all to make the wedding a good experience. Food and service at all of the restaurants is mediocre at best. After repeated complaints to resort management, all we got were excuses. This is supposedly the best resort in the Dominican Republic. On the up side, it is an absolutely beautiful resort and beach. The bottom line on this resort is that if you are looking for a place that will give you great looking pics to show your friends when you get home, this is your place. If you are looking for good service and a responsive staff, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>prneidlein
<Content>Excellent all-around This hotel had everything...from the Super Bowl part, great restaurants, high-class ambiance in the evening. The included golf was a solid course as well. If you are not travelling with kids, you have to upgrade to the Royal Service and use the private beach, pool and exclsive restaurants. Food was the best all-inclusive we have had.We will be back.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chantellcrews
<Content>Fantastic Resort What a fantastic resort. I would come back here in a heartbeat. Firstclass all the way, the attention to detail is stunning. I have to tell you that we stayed here in September for a week, and went back in October and stayed at the Colonial Majestic. Do yourself a favor, pay the 400.00 more per person to go to the Paradisus Palma Real. (wedid not get the Royal Service) Here are my reasons why: 1 Much better food, better quality, better presentation overall a much better dining experience than at the Majestic. 2.Much nicer rooms better view, maid service top notch and turn down service, I like to have fresh towels for the next morning. At the Majestic we had to call everyday because the maid didn't leave fresh towels clean coffeecups didn't restock the mini bar didn't leave coffee and you don't get the turn down service. And they left a dead cockroach in the shower for two days. We left a 2-3 dollar tip everyday at both locations. Tipping at the Majestic didn't get you any better service,it seemed the more we tiped at the Majestic the worst it got.3.If you want to relax poolside and nap or enjoy a book, float in the pool without constant poolside activities and Blasting loud Spanish rap music playing from 8:00 am - 6:00pm Stay at the Paradisus. There is music piped in with a variety of music from American and Dominican. As well as entertainment thru out the day not constant. 4. Top shelf liquor, Blender drinks were made in a blender not some premade mix with rum poured on top. Beer was available From the Keg or cans. At the Majestic you had one choice of Beer Presidente Keg only, other beers were a charge. 5. Overall the Property at the Paradisus Palma Real is a much smaller resort with a great attention to detail. The staff was wonderful and happy and everyone greeted you with an Hola! 6. Parasailing, speedboats snorkling was easy to book, At the Majestic because it's in front of a reef you had to rely on other resorts around you to book these activities. If they didn't have 4 people to go you were unable to do it,Do yourself a favor, spend the extra money and stay at the Paradisus Palma Real. Also there is a new shopping mall 5 min. away, with free shuddle service. The mall is clean, air conditioned stores, restaurants. Not your happy crappy souvenirs shops.We went during the slow time of year with the resort not even close to booked. There was never a problem finding a bali bed or lounge in the the pool area or beach as reading some reviews I had read that you needed to be up at 6.00am to save a spot. Reservations to any of the restaurents was never a problem. I can't wait to go back to the Paradisus Palma Real.Chantell CrewsPismo Beach, Ca  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lanacary1
<Content>A Tropical Delight! Having just returned from the Paradisus Palma Real, I want to implore prospective visitors to ignore the negative reviews! Upon learning that I would be visiting this upscale resort on a business-sponsored trip, I perused the reviews on a regular basis. I discovered some of the reviews to less than stellar, but vowed to keep an open mind. I am so glad that I did! The resort is visually stunning... panaoramic views of the ocean, elegant architecture, exquisite artwork, fountains and lighting. My room was outstanding: comfortable and clean. The resort was easy to navigate, i.e.: One did have to walk a bit to the shops, spa/casino and restaurants, but the everything was centrally located. The service was impeccable: Everyone was so pleasant, and seemed to really enjoy their work. I do feel it important to tip, and my generousity was truly appreciated. I did not find the language barrier(s) to be of issue; basic human kindness and a few gestures worked for even the most verbally challenged. The majority of the staff could speak and understand English quite well. The resort was spotless, from the pools to the restrooms. Upon arrival, the safe in my room needed to have the code reset. A technician arrived about 25 minutes after my call. My luggage was delivered promptly and without incident. The room service was great, and my request for bacon along with my breakfast was pleasantly honored! The food at the restaurants may not have been outstanding, but it was certainly tasty enough! And there are plenty of culinary choices! Though they duly advise you to NOT drink the tap water, bottled water is plentiful. The adult drink selection was excellent, with everything offered from Heineken in the bottle, to Absolute, to Champagne.Our dinner at Bana was entertaining and the portions were enormous. I do agree with some of the other reviews in that I don't believe the Royal Service to be a necessity, unless it were perhaps peak season. Frankly, I don't know what else I could have possibly wanted or needed. Dinner reservations were not a problem, just make sure you call the day before, or between 9am and 2pm the day of. All in all, it was a fantastic trip, and I would highly recommend the experience to anyone. I would love to return someday, and spend a bit more time, as my trip duration was a mere 3 days. Through my company sponsored trips, I have been fortunate enough to visit Mexico, Aruba, and the Bahamas. This trip rivaled my favorites, and that says a LOT! Just remember when you read bad reviews: Some people you can just never please, and their glass is most likely always half empty! I felt that in this case, not only was my glass always half full, there were always plenty more to be had! Everyone should live so decadently, even if for one day! Go and enjoy... You will, and you'll be glad you did!Sincerely,Lana CaryCarrollton, VA  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Danni225
<Content>Loved The Palma Real       This was in the ladies bathroom. How Nice?  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MandyGio
<Content>Review of The Paradisus Palma Real from a Canadian Perspective, WHITBY, ON When looking at all of the reviews prior to going to the Paradisus Palma Real, I had to search a long time before I actually found a Canadian review so I thought I would write one.My husband and I stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real from Sept 29-October 06 2007, and let's be honest, the hotel and staff are absolutely PHENOMINAL!ROOMS: Very spacious and clean. Easily the nicest hotel room we have ever had in the Caribbean with a two person Jacuzzi tub, separate steam spray shower, flat screen T.V. CD player in the room. The room was very big with a separate sitting area and we had a canopied king sized bed. The A.C. worked great and there was also a ceiling fan. The maid (Santa) did a great job with the room everyday and our mini-bar was overflowing everyday as well with beer, fruit juices and pop.POOL: Enormous and fantastic with 5 pool temperature Jacuzzis, two fountains, a swim-up bar, in water pool loungers both with and without a palapa cover. There was a bridge traversing the pool with a gazebo as part of the bridge that gave a wonderful view of the entire pool which was massive and extremely clean. There is a beach entrance, a step beach entrance and several (I think 3-4) stair entrances. The pool was surrounded with plenty of lounge chairs and palapas and Bali beds. Since we went in off season, we had no problem getting a Bali bed every day of our stay.RESTERANTS: There were five A La Carte restaurants and a buffet restaurant which were all excellent. The food presentation was excellent and the actual food itself was even better. The restaurants had the best air conditioning of all the restaurants I have ever been to in the Caribbean which is nice since you don't want to have dinner and be perspiring the entire time. You had to make reservations for the A La Carte restaurants with the concierge desk but we never had to wait in line nor did we ever have problems with getting the restaurant that we wanted on the night that we wanted or the hour we wanted them for.BEACH: The resort is on an absolutely beautiful stretch of BAVARO Beach. The beach is very long and wide with white sand and lots of loungers and palapas and beautiful palm trees. The colours of the ocean on a clear day are sparkling turquoise with navy mixes and the water is very warm and inviting. The staff is always out cleaning any seaweed that washes to shore with any storms out at sea and there was never as issue. The beach is extremely clean and the resort staff is always keeping watch making you feel very safe and secure even at night.SERVICE: I think that the Paradisus resort personally hand picks every one of its staff members. The staff in all of the restaurants is comparable to none. Gloria, Annie and Hector in the Naos Buffet restaurant made breakfast and lunch a pleasure always waiting to seat us and have are drink order taken so that they would be at the table before we got back with our meal. Hector would even notice if I didn't join my husband for breakfast because I would still be full from the fabulous meal the night before and would ask my husband where I was and if I was Okay! Lennon and Francisco who are the bar tenders at the swim-up/pool bar are the best I have ever encountered greeting us by name every day and having our drinks on the bar ready as we were still swimming up to it. Lenny's favorite line is What you want, I GOT IT and he has this great donkey and Spiderman impressions.CASINO: Had black jack, roulette, a poker area and lots of slot machines. If there was more I honestly can't remember seeing it since we only went in the one time to take a look around. It was early and it didn't seem to be very busy but I heard a gentleman say he won close to $1000 the night before. Now I don't know if that was in dollars or pesos but he won at any rate.ENTERTAINMENT: To be honest, I have been to the D.R. 5 times at other resorts and saw all of the shows on the previous visits so I didn't see any of the shows. I know that we did try to a couple of nights and had a hard time finding the venue and the actual time the shows started. The location of the entertainment would change depending on the night and the time often altered at well to accommodate whatever entertainment was planned that evening. Basing my assumption on how the rest of the resort operates, I am sure the shows are enjoyable.DAY TRIPS: The hotel offers a free boat excursion that runs on Tuesday when you sail around the Punta Cana area, they take you to an off shore reef and you swim and snorkel and drinks are included. They have lots of other excursions like jeep safaris, Manitik Park which is something like Marineland and you can swim with the dolphins there, catamaran trips to Saona an outer island which is part of a natural reserve which is extremely beautiful and you get to travel by speed boat as well as the catamaran and you go to an offshore reef as well which is an amazing experience to hold a starfish in your hands. GOLF: The course is 5 minutes away (actually across the street from the resort) and there is a free shuttle there and back. The round is free but you have to pay for the cart and any clubs you might rent. They fill a cooler with ice for you so you can bring your own drinks and put them in to cool while you play but they also come around and sell food and drinks while you play. The course is very nice and the villas they are building around the course are breath taking. My husband is a good golfer and has played the course twice 5 years apart and ended up with the same score twice often hitting the ball the exact same way on each hole both times. He plays many high end courses in the GTA and surrounding area and definitely thinks this course has to be played at least once (and in his case twice) and the money for a round is comparable to what you would pay in the GTA.SHOPPING: There is a boutique on the premises and there is also a mall right next door with high end brand names and a free shuttle every 20 mins running there and comes back every hour on the hour. There is also a straw market about a 5-10 min cab drive away. It can be a little overwhelming when you arrive since every vendor is vying for your attention and your dollar which might put some people off but the bartering process is a lot of fun. The same items can be found at the mall for a couple of dollars more but you miss out on the experience. One couple we met said that they didn't feel very safe at the market because of the crushing by vendors but they ended up staying and having a good time.AMMENETIES: You will find a world class spa with exotic water treatments and a whole host of other options I could never begin to remember all of them, a beauty salon rivaling anything we have here, a gym with all of the latest sporting equipment, a yoga/ meditation centre, massage cabanas overlooking a pond and surrounded by lush gardens (very ZEN) and a whole host of other spa services. Some you obviously have to pay for but they let you know which in advance. They also have gentlemen who go around the resort with different animals like parrots, iguanas and monkeys and you can have your picture taken with them and you can purchase the photos for $8US. There is absolutely no obligation or pressure to buy. You can also have your own 30-45min photo session booked with a professional staff photographer who will take you around the resort to different locals and take a variety of shots of you and anyone you would like to take pictures with. You can book day or early evening and from personal experience I get sick and tired of having to trouble a fellow vacationer to take pictures of my husband and I so we booked a session with Francisco for 5:30pm. He took 111 photos all of which were AMAZING and then we purchased the pictures that we really liked. My problem was in choosing the ones we wanted since they were all gorgeous. He will also put them all on CD for you if you want that option as well. There is also a female photographer too and we had the opportunity to see some of the pictures she took of other people and they were amazing also and very inventive. If you want to do this though, do it no later than 48 hours before you leave. You can view them 30 mins after the session ends but if you want to buy any of the pictures, you have to be able to pick them up after 10:30 the morning after you order them so if you have an early morning flight out, you would miss getting them. But you can virtually pick any time to get them done between 10-10 if a photographer is available.AMBIANCE: The resort is very romantic especially at night when the lobby is lit in candle light. The decor is very sheik and modern and very tasteful. There are many fountains and areas to sit to escape the hot sun while still enjoying the tropical breezes outdoors. The gardens are beautiful and meticulously maintained. The resort is really breath taking in its beauty. The picture on Trip Advisor or even my own don't do the resort justice. The resort is even more beautiful in person than in the pictures.DOWNFALLS: Again I have to be honest, The lobby staff need a little bit of work to bring them up to par with the rest of the resort staff. Forgetting to call us when we requested a wake-up call, forgetting to get back to us about booking a taxi to another part of the country until 2.5 hours after we had already left the resort after making our own arrangements when no one seemed to be getting back to us, making us wait for our room for 4 hours in the blistering heat and sun (from 11:00am until 3:00) when are room had been ready the whole time we had been kept waiting (we used the time to tour the resort but boy was it hot in our travel clothes) and forgetting to make our dinner reservation on the night of our anniversary after writing it down in the lobby staff's personal diary making us have to wait for an hour for our table were all things that bothered us but we made the best of them and overlooked them when we factored in all of the other staff who I have never seen work so hard and who gave us such wonderful service. The time share pitch can get a little annoying after a while but given the fact that the person who signs you up to see the presentation gets points that can be converted to money to go towards staff University tuition it was completely understandable.A NOTE ABOUT THE ROYAL SERVICE OPTION: This was the 6th Paradisus Resort that we have stayed in and we have never gotten the royal service option. My husband and I have never regretted the choice nor did we feel that we lacked in anything by not getting it. At this resort in particular, some of the perks of the royal service are rooms closer to the beach and some have beach views, you have your own private pool, Bali beds, pool bar, one extra a la carte restaurant. and your own private section on the beach. There are other perks as well as outline in the travel brochures, other Trip Advisor reviews or on the sol-melia web site. From personal experience, all of the royal service clients end up at the same pool, bars and restaurants that non royal service do. I don鈥檛 think that it is an issue if you go in off season. However, you might want to strongly consider the royal service option if you go in high season as I do think you would get more out of the extra services offered to those clients and that time of the year. Off season however, I never felt the lack but then again I don't have anything to compare it to since we have never gotten the royal service option so I might not know what I am missing. Bottom line... off season without royal service has never failed to give me the best vacations ever!!!!!!!! But please take that with a grain of salt!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>fishingCambridge_UK
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We have just returned from a weeks stay (should have booked two weeks!!) at this hotel and it was absolutley marvellous.The Royal Service certainly lives up to it's name and is definitely worth upgrading to. Henry our bulter was fantastic, nothing was too much trouble for him, the hotel give you a cell phone so that you can call him direct when you want something and also Pedro the Royal Service pool attendant was one of the happiest and most helpful people we have met, Lots of nice touches like the Royal Service lounge, mini bar, room service, bathrobes, bed turn down service and even setting up a beautiful bath with candles and flowers in. The a la carte restaurants were excellent and the buffet was very good too. Throughout the hotel all the staff were excellent and very helpful.We were also lucky enough to see a wedding service on the beach which look truly amazing. We look forward to returning to this hotel next year.Jeff  Margaret Hunt, Cambridge, UK  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mommamonk
<Content>Simply Beautiful       pool  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>syd66ney
<Content>You will NOT be disapointed!       beautiful grounds and walkways  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelinSteph
<Content>A Luxurious, Amazing Long Weekend Grounds and decor were gorgeous. Staff was so friendly. Even friendlier if you smiled and thanked them. Food was great. Enjoyed the buffet, Gabi Beach, and Bana. Relaxing by the pool and beach, even if it rained, no big deal. Activities staff so friendly. Tennis instruction was wonderful. The pro's were so nice. The room was beautiful. The spa was luxurious. I brought tip money, and used it. Money well spent. One thing to mention, the common areas did not have AC - if you are intolerant to humidity or heat, this may be an issue for you. But, I am a long time Floridian, so it did not bother me. I had the BEST time, and cannot wait to return soon! I feel so spoiled! Loved it!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>duckypond
<Content>Relax at Palma Real, Honeymooners Only Well it has been well over a month since my wife and I went to the Palma Real, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic and I am finally able to sit down and let you all know the real deal.Palma Real is good for Honeymooners, older adults without kids and be sure to remember you are in another country.We had the Royal Service that gave us access not only to the Royal service pool but access to our own beach. This was nice if we wanted quite relaxing time away from all the Salsa music at the main pool. My wife and I spent 5 days just lounging around and going to dinner at night. Butler service is good and they will accomodate you. Remember, they service other guests as well and are not next to you bothering you all the time evey once and a while they would stop in to check on you and If I really wanted them I could get them, whatelse do you need. All the services are there if you know what to ask for. Also remember we went off season and we just missed getting hit by a hurricane that trip but all was well and they performed with flying colors. One of our first all inclusive since we are very leary of all inclusives. I must say, with Royal Services and full access the the Ala Carte Restuaraunts, it was excellent. Yes, the food is just OK, but remeber you are in a 3rd world country staying at a 5 star hotel. I think expectations should be not set so hi and utilize the system to it fullest advantage, if you don't use the Royal service then your expectations are not beyond the quality of this hotel. The people who worked there were all very nice and were very respectfull, with the exception of the rediculously identifed Casino.I tip every one, if you don't its your loss. I brought 100.00 in singles and I used everyone of them on the trip. I wrapped them up in 3.00 folds and was always prepared with 5 or 6 of them at all times. Listen, its all inclusive, the trip is paid for, the people threre are working to keep you happy, if you stayed in NYC one night at a 5 star hotel it would cost you 100.00 to park, so tip and be prepared to tip all the time, I always say. Hey, if you don't think that person deserves a tip then don't . I can't believe people go there and don't even tip a 1.00, needles to say that person probably hated the trip and hated the help.As for the Butler, I tipped him based on his effort and I told hi so once we checked in, I told him I am a fair tipper and will be more than happy to tip him accodingly, I also asked him what he usaully expects and he suugested whatever we felt was fair and reasonable, well he got 100.00 for the entire trip, we did not tip him at all during the stay and gave him his tip the day before we left.Buffet style food never attracts me and never will, the have, it good, its up to you, its all inclusive what you expect. The Restauraunts were good except for the Japanese Style Hibachi, the steak is precooked, do not order it. As a matter of fact just skip this one, you do not need to go there the others are just fine.Most of the famlies at resort are from otrher countries, not USA. We have 3 kids, I see no reason to bring the to Palma Real with everything USA has to offer. As for the seaweed, its see grass, it is a little weird but not to the point that we would suggest not going. The biggest difference I noticed I compare the Atlantis, paradise Island Beach to this one. At Atlantis you will be approached more than once to rent water sport equipment, do hair stuff for the girls and buy drugs. This beach is nothing like that but we did see drug enforcement agent with an automatic rifle, this was verified by the security gaurd on the beach that was next to us when we watched the sun come up, I don't know if I would do that at Atlantis.Lastly, if you are from USA and you go, do not go on any boat rides far out to see. The ocean is the last place you want to be putting your life in someone elses hands. Bad enough your in another country, Stay at the Beach, Pool, drink and have a nice relaxing vacation with no kids. Now for peak season, I can't tell you but I could only imagine that this place gets packed. That would only make matters more difficult to accept. For those who choose to get married at the Palma Real, well one thing comes to mind Air Conditioning, not enough if not non existant. If you are fro the USA and are getting married, unless youy are so wealthy it doesn't matter, stay in the USA, why would you ever in your right mind get married in a foreign country, stay hhome and invite everyone you know and spend the money at home, nobody wants to travel to another country to watch someelse have all the fun, as well as cost them money to see you get married.In conclusion at last, I would love to return to the Palma Real with freinds and just do the same thing, nothing. What else do you need from a vacation.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>travelgally
<Content>loved it I read several reviews before booking my boyfriend's 40th birthday trip to punta cana. The Paradisus Palma Real is easily one of the nicest resorts in punta cana. We were able to walk down the beach about a mile each way and our resort by far was the nicest. The views are breath taking whether its of the beautifully landscaped garden or of the ocean...our room actually had a garden and ocean view. The resort is just as beautiful as the pictures and you are meet with a welcome drink....we did have to wait an hour or two for our room, but the room was beautiful and the staff did towel art each evening and will draw a bath complete with candle light and rose petals for a small cost....on his birthday, i notified the restaurant we dined at and they made him a little cake with his name and a candle. Passions is one the restaurants and is romantic and adult only...all the restaurants require reservations which can be made that morning when you wake up....we were able to dine at the restaurant of our choice if we called and reserved a time in the morning. All of the restaurants had great food and it is truly all inclusive. For lunch and breakfast you can eat at two different buffet style restaurants or if you have royal service another restaurant is opened to royal service only for lunch and breakfast. Room service is 24 hours and free as well, so we chose that option at least once. I suggest signing up for watersports as soon as you arrive because if the water is choppy your day may be pushed back and those lists fill up fast. As for the bali beds, the early bird gets the worm....really access to bali beds was the only real difference I saw between regular guests and royal service guests. The staff was nice and helpful and plenty of bottled water is available for the asking. We stayed 5 days and i wish we could've stayed a week....I truly felt like we were in paradise. I have seen complaints about the beds, but ours was NOT hard and the room was simply gorgeous....i would highly recommend going and can't wait to return  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>jamesadria
<Content>A Pretty Good All-Inclusive Report This is a good all-inclusive. The rooms are beautiful, the grounds are magnificent. They have many great activities including horse back riding, golf, tennis and water sports. The only issue is that food is just okay. At times, though bountiful, it was not always tasty.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>shanandderek
<Content>Carribbean Dream Wedding       Gazebo  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	4	

<Author>atlgrl07
<Content>A really great honeymoon What a vacation! My husband and I (ages 29 and 25, respectively)went to the Paradisus Palma Real for our honeymoon August 13-19. I seriously read EVERY review before we left and was preparing for the worst----but was relieved to find this place exactly what I hoped it would be....PARADISE!We booked through honeymoonsinc.com which included airport transfers and flights. I highly recommend using VIP Tours for airport transfers. They were easy to find, very reliable, and most of all very nice. Quick trips to and from--20 mins each way.Upon arrival, we were whisked into the Royal Service lounge (we figured we'd splurge for the RS since we were on our honeymoon). Check in was a breeze...only one problem though...they did not have any king size beds available for our first night. They offered to push the beds together that night and then move us to a king room the next day, but when we got to our room and saw the spectacular view and how nice everything else was, we decided to stay. I know...it was our honeymoon...but it was also nice to have our own beds to stretch out in. Minor problem for us in the grand scheme of things. Our butlers were Maria  Jefferson. Jefferson was the BEST!!! He was very eager to help us with anything. Most days we were on the beach in the mornings (Pedro, one of the beach butlers, was SOOO nice) and enjoyed the palapas for the shade when it got hot. Some reviews mentioned that the seagrass was terrible. It really isn't. If you are looking for a beach and ocean that is spotless...keep looking. The water was perfect to cool off in. There is sea grass floating in the water, but it did not bother us AT ALL. We hung out at the Royal Service pool in the afternoons which was nice since the RS bar was just a few feet away.Food---okay, so this is where you might be disappointed. The food is just average. We ate at Gabi Beach one night and Passion twice. Stick with seafood...we enjoyed those menu options. Market Grill, Bana, and the other buffets were just not impressive. We ordered room service two nights (pizza is good!) and for breakfast every morning. The room service was very dependable and accommodated requests that were not on the menu!We both throroughly enjoyed a couples massage at the spa. I am a regular spa-goer and it was a really first class experience. We sat through the 1 hour Sol Melia Vacation Club pitch and in return we got a $100 certificate to use at the resort. It was great. I highly recommend the spa services.We look forward to returning to PPR in a few years....the next trip we plan to bring our friends along!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spaNC
<Content>Impressive First of all, this resort is absolutely beautiful. I was so impressed when we first arrived. PPR has a very Mediterranean vibe - the decor, the music, everything. I loved the ambience. Check in took a little while, but I'm not complaining. We were upgraded to a Master Suite and when I walked in this place, I was just amazed. Vaulted ceilings, marble floors, granite countertops - and huge! It was bigger than most people's one bedroom apartments! I've read a lot of complaints about the service and I have to disagree. Everyone was very helpful - we received turn down service every night, each time we ordered room service it was received very quickly and the employees around the resort and in the bars and restaurants were always willing to please. The only thing I will say is that there was a language barrier and that made it difficult to communicate at times. I will agree with a lot of things I have read about the food - that department left a lot to be desired. But, I look at it like we were in the Caribbean...they don't cook food like we do, yet they try their best to just to please us. It was different and it wasn't all good, so that was a little disappointing. We only ate dinner at Passion and Market Grill. They were both mediocre. We had buffet for breakfast and lunch a couple of days and the breakfast was probably the better meal. We did not do the Royal Service and did not feel as if we missed out at all. Dinner at Gabi Beach and the Bali beds looked like the only real benefit of having that service and I don't feel spending the extra money was that necessary.As for excursions, we were a day late arriving thanks to Hurricane Dean, so we had one less day to fit stuff in. Therefore we only got to do a couple of things - we did the speed boat tour that you got to drive yourself while following a tour guide. You went out to a snorkeling site and snorkeled for 30 minutes. It was a lot of fun - I think it was $138 per couple. We also did a deep sea fishing trip - we fished for four hours about five miles offshore along with one other couple. It was fun, but we didn't catch anything! That was $95 per person. Regarding the inclusinves that the resort offered, we only did the kayaking. It was my first time doing this and I loved it. All in all, it was a great trip and this resort is really something else. The only thing I can complain about is the food. I think if you go with an open mind and don't be so negative about every little thing, you will really enjoy yourself. Have fun!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>MRRJRR
<Content>We Loved the Paradisus Palma Real in Punta Cana       Us  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>noparadise
<Content>Horrible Management The management staff at this hotel is extemely unprofessional. I was harrassed and followed by a member of the management. It was extremely scary and I don't recommend anyone going to this particular hotel. When I asked for the man's boss, he said to me  I am my own boss. I'm a world traveler including other hotels in the Domincan Republic, but this resort by far was the worst.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	2	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>livelife16
<Content>Wedding Paradise at the Palma Real       Gabi Beach  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chava74
<Content>The best and the worst My wife and I have just come back from this resort. We booked a 7-day stay at the Royal Service in mid-August. Here is what we found:PLUSThe property is beatiful and clean. The beach is really nice.The butlers are helpful (especially Jefferson). We tipped them and were very polite to them, even when they made a mistake. Maybe this helped. The staff at the beach (particularly Pedro) makes you feel overwhelmed. Really first class service out there. The room was large and well kept. The mini-bar was re-stocked every day.There were no kids at the Royal Service.MINUS (things that may make you feel an idiot)The booking of parapas and beds at the beach is not 'transparent'. We only got a place in first row for one day in the whole week, whereas 2 French couples got it 3 days in a row. I prefered not to inquire.The food is discrete at best. We were disappointed at the restaurants. The menus were not impressive and the service at the entrance was poor. They argued that they were always over-booked but then you found the place almost empty. Moreover we always had reservations and still sometimes had to wait 30' to be seated.The SPA is too expensive.OVERALLIf your expectations are not too high, you can have a good time at this resort. Don't forget to book the Royal Service.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>skibunny-TRIP
<Content>Great beach, enjoyable vacation once you settle into the place After a rocky start we had a lovely time at the beach here. You MUST, however, book Royal Service if you expect to have anyone do anything for you,  it is essential here because many little things tend to go wrong in the room during the course of a week  because it is very difficult to communicate with the regular staff. The butler assigned to us was wonderful (We came back to our room one evening  I found he had drawn me a warm bubble bath, complete with floating candles - a beautiful surprise). Beware the promise of an oceanview room - they will likely give you a room with no ocean in sight until you absolutely insist on getting what you paid for. (We waited 3 hrs to get a royal service room with a true ocean view  a king bed, even though we had a printed confirmation that that was what we had reserved. They tried to tell us that we had reserved a regular room with a garden view  they were doing us a favor by upgrading us to royal - you have to be very firm about what you have reserved  paid for  therefore expect. Ultimately, they apologized  sent us a huge platter of food, but it was an aggravating beginning.) Royal Service gives you access to a part of the beach that has huge comfy lounges under thatched roofs,  beachside drinks service. My son  I went out peddle boating  kayaking,  the whole family did an hour tour around the golf course riding on segways. My husband raved about the golf course, but said the deep fish boating excursion which lasted 4 hours was about 3 hours too long (the fish were not biting  the diesel smell was strong.) The beach is truly nice with a warm gentle ocean. The pools are pretty, but we preferred the beach. In general, the resort is run in a bit of a disorganized manner, which takes some getting use to ( that is why the royal service is helpful) - for example, we were told to have our beach lounges reserved for us, but couldn't figure out how to tell which ones were ours once we actually got out to the beach, check in  check out is a slow process,  the bellhop never did come to my kids' room despite 3 phone calls (my kids were not in a royal service room so that may have made the difference). The food was not as bad as some people had led us to believe it would be - breakfast was fine, lots of typical choices (cereals, breads, cheeses, yogurts, eggs, bacon, waffles, fruit, etc),  lunch was similarly ok. Dinner was more of a challenge - we found the soups (appetizers) to be good, while the entrees were small portions  only so-so. Gabi  Vento were the best of the bunch, though we never got around to trying Passions. The wines served at dinner were surprisingly good. We never quite made it to the tennis courts (they look like you need a shuttle to get to them,  besides, it was hot!) The rooms that we  my kids had were very nice, clean,  had good a/c, but lousy TV (plasma screen notwithstanding). The casino is small. There was usually a show of some sort going on in the evenings for entertainment. Speaking fluent Spanish would definitely have helped. All in all, we liked the place, but it didn't feel like a 5 star though in some ways it was trying.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	1	3	2	

<Author>chicunique
<Content>Paradisus is Paradise! This was our second stay at Paradisus Palma Real in a year. My husband and I were impressed with the beauty of the property. As soon as you enter the lobby, you're captured by its decor and soothed by the site of a brilliant blue ocean. It is a tropical paradise! The grounds are landscaped with lush plants, shrubs and colorful flowers. The staff we encountered was always accomodating and pleasant. We chose Royal Service for both visits, which is wonderful. On this visit we had a ground floor Garden View room. While I prefer a second story or higher room, I found this one to be perfectly fine. The view of the garden was extraordinary. The room was well appointed and the mini-bar was well stocked (soda, water, juice, rum, vodka and Scotch) all at NO extra charge. Our butler (Rafael) was gracious and attentive to us during our stay. He booked our restaurant reservations each night, arranged for our in-room jacuzzi experience (including Champagne) and even sent beautiful tropical flowers to our suite for our anniversary. Royal Service guests also have a private pool and exclusive beach area, which offers palapas or Bali beds on the beach. It's the best way to enjoy a day on the beach or around the pool! These thatched-roof structures provide cool shelter from the sun and offer comfort for sleeping, reading or people-watching. You can expect a visit from the bar staff to bring drinks, water and light snacks during the day. I consumed many Pina Coladas! The numerous restaurants offer a variety of dining experiences from family buffet style to upscale dining. We enjoyed Passions restaurante(the food and the ambience); as well as the lobster dinner at Gabe Beach restaurant. There are numerous free water sports to try. We did pedal boating on this trip. If you're up for more extreme water sports, walk down the beach to next resort, where you can go parasailing  speedboating and a host of other sports. At night, the resort takes on another beautiful ambience; especially in the Plaza. We enjoyed a jazz concert out there under the stars with a few glasses of Passion Bellinis. Even though we speak no Spanish, we did not encounter any language barriers with any of the staff. Some would teach us a few phrases and we looked forward to the exchanges. The Dominican Republic is known for beautiul beaches and my favorite beach is at Paradisus Palma Real. I enjoyed the gentle rolling waves, powdery white sand; and warm, crystal-clear waters. Would I go again? ABSOLUTELY!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Faso
<Content>Amazing Wedding  My wife and I were married at the Paradisus on 7/17/07. Before selecting a resort, we did a lot of research. We've been to a ton of resorts and consider ourselves pretty well traveled. We were a bit hesitant going in, because the reviews have been really mixed. It waseither fantastic to some and horrible to others.We wanted our wedding and honeymoon to be memorable. Thanks to Kelly Hunt all of our expectations were far exceeded. Kelly was amazing!!! She was an absolute pleasure to work with and made the entire processflawless from the start to finish. Every detail from our ceremony to dinner on the beach to couple massages and breakfast in bed were perfect. We couldn鈥檛 have asked for anything more. Kelly definitely helped make this special day in our lives incredible and we cannot thank her enough. We highly recommend anyone planning a destination wedding in the Dominican Republic to contact Kelly. She will put yourmind ease and help you plan the wedding of your dreams.As far as the resort is concerned, don't have the highest expectations going in and everything will be fine. Sure, we've been to nicer resorts, but you make the best of what you got. The food wasedible, the people were nice, the staff was very accommodating, and the grounds were impeccable. There were good things and bad things to this resort. Just go there with a good attitude and enjoy yourself. Everything will be perfect. Again, if you're planning a wedding - don't pass up a chance to work with the best in the business - Kelly Hunt!!!!Hope you find this review helpful...Michael  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>RUDisney
<Content>Nothing But the Best! This was our second trip to Punta Cana in as many years. Last year, we stayed at the Majestic Colonial. That was touted as a 5-star, but I'd probably rank it more as a 3-star. So, with higher expectations, based on more than doubling our travel costs, we headed to the Paradisus Palma Real from August 3rd through the 9th. My sister and BIL had stayed here when it first opened and highly recommended it to us.When we arrived, there was one person in front of us checking in. This was a fast procedure and we were provided with cocktails as we waited. I was worried when the concierge came over with vacation club magnets for my kids and had to show us a map of the facility. My husband said he wanted to find the room, so he took his key and left me with them. I rushed them through their speech and walked away with their forced appointment for the next day. When they called in the morning, I told them I wasn't interested and hung up on them. They never bothered us again whether in the lobby or around the pool.The bali beds around the pool were a wonderful respite from the daily grind of life and from the sun. My husband was up at 6:00 every morning and was able to secure a bali bed for us each day.The food was excellent. We talked to a few people who were not happy with it, but we really could not understand why they were not happy. The buffet was vast with many options. My husband had steaks made to order on our first night. We had good meals at the Market Grill, Vento and Passion. Bana, the Japanese restaurant was ok, but tons of food.The wine list had good selections. I wish that they had enough wine buckets to leave white and sparkling wines at your table like they did the reds, though, instead of making you wait for them to pour again.Our kids loved the game room that was open periodically through the day and from 9-11 each night. They had x-box and PS, etc., and our kids made friends with many others each night. They even got to go to dinner with some of their new friends while we had dinner alone.My son and I did the segway tour around the golf course and the villas surrounding the course. That was a lot of fun. He and I were the only participants that afternoon. It was worth the $30 for the hour and a half of fun.The bartenders were so friendly and a lot of fun both at the pool bar and in the lobby bar. There was a nice martini menu in Bana.We didn't spend much time on the beach. Only for walks during the day and at night. We didn't care for the seaweed, and the pool was so nice and relaxing.The fitness center was good, too. It overlooks the pool/beach area and has a lot of equipment. They were kind enough to let me use an elliptical in Crocs because my sneakers were in a bag that the airline hadn't delivered to us yet. We didn't get our bag back until a day and a half before we were leaving. I can attest to the gift shop having deoderant and a hair brush for purchase. The hotel supplied dental kits and shaving kits. This was important since our toiletries were in that bag. Not even this could get us down. We were on vacation at a perfect destination... What more could we want?If we go back to Punta Cana again, we will definitely stay again at the Paradisus Palma Real.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>neecyAtlantaga
<Content>We had a greaat time This was our first time to time to the Dominican Republic. We traveled with another couple and had a great time. We have traveled many islands and countries. I would not say we are picky however we do like the finer things of life. Two of us are golfers and the hotel advertised AI golf, we were able to play daily and take the hotel shuttle which always ran on time, The golf course Cocotal is lovely . You have to pay 35.00 pp for the cart but we knew that up front. We had a tee time at 7:00 am and took the 11:00am shuttle back to the resort. We ordered room service for breakfast 3 days our order was correct and on time daily.The property was clean our room was clean. I did not like the seaweed at the beach but it is cleaned daily from the beach area. I undersand the seaweed is there all the time. We used the watersports paddleboats, and took a catamaran sailing lesson. You have to book the day prior if they are busy but had no problem getting to do what we wanted. The spa is okay compared to world class spa areas it is not tops. Again book ahead of time our appointment was on time and I had no complanits. We ate at all the reasturants Passion was our favorite and Market Grille was our least favorite.The main trouble is the language barrier. We speak enough to be dangerous. Most of the staff speak little or NO English. You can ask for something and it becomes frustrating for both. The property could use Customer training and Language assistance but we had the best time ever and would go back anytime  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>banffgirlNy
<Content>Some Good News...And Some Bad News We booked the Palma Real at the advice of our Travel Agent. This trip was a graduation gift to both our kids; one for graduating from college, and the other graduating from High School and heading off to college in a couple of weeks. We figured it would be something different instead of having another party.The Palma Real is an absolutely beautiful place. The rooms are lovely and the grounds and pools neatly kept. Our rooms were very nice and we loved the decor; great shower, beds etc. We did not to Royal Service and were happy with what the basic all inclusive offered us. We did find it very confusing as to where we could and could not go on the beach with our package, clearly evidenced by the yellow wrist bracelets we got upon arrival. Certain portions of the beach are roped off for Royal Service guests, and I believe Family Service guests (still not quite sure about that). A couple of times we wandered over the rope...got kicked out once and left alone the other time. The time we got kicked out, 4 minutes later, people with the same yellow bracelet swere in the roped off area, and no one said anything. Not a huge deal, but its a sample of the kind of inconsistency that exists there. Why not put up a sign so people know where they can go? Conversely though, at check in they gave us a room on the lst floor. I don't do lst floor rooms.....it's just a thing about me. After a short while they were able to come up with a room on the 3rd floor where I was very happy. The desk man was quite accomodating.Going into the DR, I was extremely concerned about the drinking water. I had read lots of warnings about bacteria in the water and even emailed them ahead of time to find out their procedures regarding water. Both my husband and I got sick a few years ago at a 5 star in Cancun. Thankfully there is bottled water availabe to all guests at any of the bars in the resort, and plenty in the in-room refrigerator. The ice cubes are all made from purified water, and the salad is washed in the same. I was very pleased about that. Water is poured from large bottles in the restaurants.What we did find shocking and concerning is that none of the food at the endless buffets is really hot. It's warm or room temperature, when it shoud be hot. I don't like food that isn't really hot upon service. A couple of times I asked to waitstaff to microwave our plates. They didn't understand me at first, but the word OVEN seemed work. I was very concerned that one of the four of us would eat something that would make us sick but, fortunately we didn't. We did do alot of the made to order food at the buffets. Made to order omelets at breakfast, fresh grilled fish, fresh pasta etc. Those dishes were really hot! The fruit and bread are very fresh.There is a lot of inconsistency and confusion that happens at the Palma Real. The language barrier is part of it, but mostly I think the Melia Corp who owns the Palma Real and about 300 hotels worldwide is just too big. I sense there is an underlying resentment within SOME of the staff...not all by any means...most are wonderful. One afternoon, after returning to our room at 4 pm to shower and get ready for dinner, we found we had no A/C. The room temp was up to 85. We called downstairs and they apologized and said it would be 2 hours and it would be fixed...well....we showered, went to dinner, had drinks and returned to our room at 11PM and the temp was up to 87. We went to the front desk and were told by a guests services man that all the rooms in the resort had no air and it would be fixed soon. We asked around and found that wasn't true at all. It was only our building and he probably lied because he didn't want to be bothered moving us if we got really upset. Turned out the AC came back on shortly thereafter and remained on for the rest of our visist. Again, not a huge deal, but I hate being lied to. I do think they think American are foolish people and feel they can take advantage. They know you have no where else to go, so they can tell you whatever they want.Generally and overall, we and our kids had a great time. The water and beach are georgeous. I don't know as we would go back....it's a big place and I have a favorite small hotel in Aruba which I love. We've been a few times. The Palma was great for our kids. The water sports kept them busy and because they haven't been to the Carribean before, they thought it was terrific. Just a note. We saw weddings going on everyday at the Palma. They looked beautiful. I was sorry to read that some people didn't have a day they had dreamed of. It looked so lovely from the sidelines.Oh, yeah.....just another thought. When we were ready to leave, we called for a bellman to pick up our bags. He never came.Jeremiah at Scuba Caribe who trains and handles the Hobies is a great great guy. I hope he gets off that Island someday!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>abhand2
<Content>Beyond exceptional! I can't believe the reviews I have read! My husband and I have been to a few resorts now, and have been utterly disappointed. For the first time, staying at the Palma Real, we were truly pleased in every way! Before I go on, I want to give advice to those considering a trip here. While there, we met with another American couple who had similar things to say about the resort as what the previous reviews have said. I witnessed this particular couple berating and belittling the staff for not being able to speak English well, they did not tip, and they truly were not friendly AT ALL. I am sorry to say, actually, they embarrassed me. However, there was a marked difference in our service. We were treated great, and the other couple did in fact have bad service.From the moment my husband and I arrived, we made it a point to tip everyone who deserved it and speak to the staff and get to know them (we saw them every day for five days, after all). Having researched cultural differences between the states and the Dominican before we left, I found that the locals move at a much slower pace, one which I enjoyed. Honestly, I went on vacation to get away from everyone running around like a chicken with it's head cut off. Knowing this before we left, my husband and I didn't mind a very short wait to get our drinks (which by the way, were perfectly made and some even stout). Bottom line, you will enjoy yourself so much more if you are friendly to these proud people. Our service, whether it was from the poolside bar or the dear maid who cleaned our room was impeccable. Now, that I completed my rant...the food was spectacular. The buffet always had a great selection. The drinks were amazing. The views were beautiful, and our room was spacious and clean. I took photos at the resort that guests believe I bought as a print somewhere. We went for a ride (horse) on a beach about 30 min off resort. It was a wonderful experience, but most of the time is spent galloping. Make sure your stirrups are where they need to be before you leave! The vendors on the beach were pleasant, always. It is very easy to say No thank you if you are not interested. If you are interested, don't pay the first outrageous price they give you. It is considered an insult. This resort is not a topless one, but down the beach at the other resorts, they are. Families beware!!! After telling my sister about how wonderful it was, she is going here for her honeymoon, and she has invited us! We are looking forward to returning soon.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jblackburn
<Content>Worst Hotel Service My husband and I decided to do our wedding and stay in this hotel as it was regarded as the newest and best hotel in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, and by the way, it is the most expensive.This hotel and its staff managed to ruin my wedding, which was supposedly the most important day of our lives. I caution anyone not to have their wedding at this Hotel. For starters, my husband and I paid for the royal service which was supposedly the most exclusive service of the hotel and they provide a Butler to attend to our needs. Upon arrival, the butler took my wedding dress and assured me that it was going to be delivered to my room with my luggage. When I got to my room, the luggage was there and my dress wasn't. I called the royal conceirge and inquired about the whereabouts of my dress. They said they would call me back in a few minutes, which they never did. I waited 45 minutes for a return phone call. I went down to the lobby myself in order to locate my dress as no one was willing to help me find my dress. I finally found my dress on a rack on the sidewalk of the hotel where people are waiting to depart the hotel on the bus. Can you believe that?!!! I got no apologies and no explanation for this occurrence.On the day of my wedding, I was one hour late becasue it was 5:00 p.m. and my room was not cleaned byhousekeeping; thereby delaying the photographer from being able to take pictures. I called numerous times to housekeeping and the concierge and nothing was done. The photographer had to pull one of the cleaning ladies out of another room in order to clean mine. Consequently, I was one hour late and my husband and guests were frustrated. I got no apologies and no help.Finally, at the wedding receiption they brought out the cake for pictures but never served the cake to my guests. The hotel kept my wedding cake!!!!!!!!!!! When I complained about it, the chef looked at me like I had two heads. I spoke to the manager of the hotel and they only apologized. They never offered to refund me the money I paid for the cake. Also, they did not provide me with the decorations I paid for. I had 75 guests and they were all dissappointed at the service.The next day, they were supposed to serve us with a honeymoon breakfast, which never came. This hotel was supposed to be a 5 star hotel and it is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in and I am an avid traveller. I brought over $100,000.00 worth of business and never got a sincere apology. I made so many friends with so many other disgruntled guests. My guests were not pleased either. DO NOT PLAN A WEDDING THERE OR STAY THERE!!!!! THEIR SERVICE IS APPALLING.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>MarriedatParadisus
<Content>The Perfect Wedding at Paradisus Palma Real My Husband and I got Married on July 13th, 2007 at the Paradisus Palma Real in Punta Cana. I am so happy I chose to do a destination wedding at Palma Real! Kelly Hunt the Wedding Coordinator did an exceptional job!, W Not only that ,the staff at Palma Real, mostly Dominican, are also very professional and really outdid themselves ! We had 60 guests come to the wedding and everyone was amazed at how nice our wedding turned out. The food at the reception was great and we added fire dancers WE also honeymooned there and are planning to return! I highly recommend that anyone planning on a destination wedding to do it at Palma Real and contact Kelly. You won't regret it!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JustMarriedin2007
<Content>Wedding / Honeymoon / A MUST READ Well I don鈥檛 know where start with this, so her it goes.We planned our special day (wedding) that the Palma Real for 20 people. We coordinated this with there Romance department for one of there best wedding packages available. After receiving numerous email confirmations, speaking to their head representatives via phone (no 800 number, we got billed for these calls) confirming our reservations and wedding details we proceeded with our travels. We paid for all of our guests to spend 1 week at the resort. As you can imaging this was and expensive wedding for us to say the least, but for our special day money was no object.So, we all flew in, reservations were a mess, we stayed in the hotel lobby for a few hours before us and our guests were brought to out rooms, even after received confirmation letters a few days prior, but I guess that meant nothing. After that experience we again arranged a few meetings with the director of the romance department to ensure that the wedding went over well. Well, to our surprise, it did not at all. Our wedding day was and embarrassment, nothing was coordinated, at the last minute (during our wedding) were informed of changes to the wedding, changes in locations, food, planning, etc鈥nd were also shortchange things we paid for. We did express our disappointments to the Wedding director during the wedding and she during our special day gave us one excuse after another. So, we made the best of it and continued on knowing that this day could not be repeated, taking it on the chin and tried to have a good time.But wait it gets better, 4/6 hours after we conclude our wedding one of our mothers was extremely sick. It started with excessive stomach pains then quickly moved to excessive Vomiting, Diarrhea and nausea. We rushed to her room at 4am to find out there is NO Medicate Doctors were on site during off hours, so we rushed her to the DR hospital. After being up for almost 24hrs straight, the doctor in the DR most respected hospital came to concluded that our Mom had a stomach infection caused by bacteria / parasites in the food or water. She stood in the hospital for 1 week. Also, I have you note that all of the medical costs were out of pocket for us, as out of country insurance is not respected in DR. OK, so after spending about $35,000 on our wedding and trip to DR, were now facing and additional $15,000 medical cost due to food poisoning to one of our Moms from our wedding dinner, HOW EMBARSING!!!!So, we spoke to the Palma Real Management team and they actually had the nerve to bring in there doctor (who is employed by the resort) to rebut the illness. As I write this on our so called honeymoon, we are still awaiting to see what the resort will do for us, if anything at all. It has already been conveyed that we will have to bear all of the medicate costs.So, after reading the other reviews, I agree, the Resort is nice but the service (in all respects) is a joke. Stay Away from this resort, don鈥檛 be a victim like us.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>MEDICLLAW
<Content>Very dissapointing... My husband and I were spending our Anniversary and my 50th Birthday for 9 days at the Paradisus Palma Real. We really looked forward to this trip, the Hotel Website made it look wonderful. It was so far from that. The Hotel, the grounds, pools and ocean were lovely. The problem was the staff, management and then some. No one had a clue. We booked a Master Suite with the Royal Service, including a Butler, private beach area, pool, etc. When we arrived there, they said there was no such thing. I showed them the paperwork we received from them booking exactly that. They told us it was a mistake. Well, I was not a happy camper. We had a choice of one or the other. So we took the suite on the opposite end of the resort without the butler service. When we arrived at our room, the fans didn't work, the internet service never worked and was never fixed as promised the whole 9 days we were there, and my husband had to work through his cell phone to connect, costing us well over $1,000. dollars. The restaurants were ok, food was edible., we've had better at other all-inclusives. Most of the slot machines in the casino were broken, the table dealers were so fast, you could not even see what was going on, they watched you like a hawk and everyone lost money, it was not fun and they made you feel very uncomfortable. It's very sad that such a lovely place can be run so poorly. And.....they didn't care. They knew you were already there and couldn't leave to go anywhere else, so it was your tough luck. The Spa was awful. The Staff was rude, it was expensive and you did not get what you were payed for. No one there had a clue. I went to there to have my hair done and cried when I walked out. I could write more about mishaps, but it could take quite awhile. I would NOT recommend this resort. The best time I had was boarding a plane home back to the states. Try Secrets/Excellance in Mexico....Much, much, better!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>Jdee616
<Content>Wedding and Vacation-Good but Disappointed I don't consider myself to be picky or demanding....which is why it's even more disappointing to not receive what you pay for. After doing extensive research (trip advisor reviewsand other review sites), I chose to have my wedding at the Palma Real because of the outstanding reviews and the beautiful atmosphere. The place is definitely beautiful but the service was mediocre. If you are planning a wedding there (we brought 48 guests to the resort including their revenue) be prepared and proactive about your personal details. The garden wedding was beautiful! Our reception was in a private room. Based on how much money we spent, and on how much revenue we brought to this resort, we feel it could have been better. This is a top of the line resort with average service. You could probably go to another hotel in another country that is just as beautiful and you could get A LOT more for your money. DO NOT DO ROYAL SERVICE! We had a royal service garden jacuzzi suite--Don't waste your money (and the wedding is NOT free as advertised). We saw other basic rooms in the resort and they were the exact same as ours...NO DIFFERENCE. I couldn't get anyone on the phone when I called for my butler and the royal service lounge. We had to literally argue over reservations. It was ridiculous! The running joke between our friends was to show them our royal service bracelet.Overall, I found the resort to be uneventful and inconsistent. The ridiculous rules made me feel like I was on anything BUT a vacation. There were about 4 staff members who were there to try and entertain and get the ALL THE GUESTS involved in activities. There was random entertainment 1-man bands but no salsa dancing or staff involvement. It's as if the resort is on a pedestal and is just there to sit and look pretty. Palma Real, get over yourself and get your hands dirty...do some serious customer service training for your whole entire staff. You need to set higher expecations for your customer service. I wish this could be more postive, but I'm hoping it helps.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Tito-Paradise
<Content>Incredible paradisiatic experience Incredible experience!!!!!.I have being in five star hotels before but Paradisus Palma Real is something else. The food is very good, the nightly activities were every pleasant and varied, however the most outsanding of all things there is the great personal service and the care for details. I lived in Puerto Rico and certainly have plently of experiences in resorts and hotels, but unfortunately we here have lost the passion for giving good service to clients. In the Paradisus Palma Real they definitely enjoy serving the clients, they are always happy and they really want to know how do you feel about your stay there. I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SEJ2
<Content>PPR Exceeded Expectations We just returned from a week vacation at the Paradisus Palma Real and were impressed with the property, the restaurants and almost all of the recreation options offered. My husband and I traveled with another couple and by the end of the week we were already looking up where all of the other Paradisus properties in the world are to plan our next trip.First, the property was absolutely beautiful. We stayed in a Gardenview room and thought it was spacious and very comfortable. A couple of times we left a note with special requests for minibar items and each time we received exactly what we wanted the next day. One note, calling the front desk and making requests was not quite as successful for the couple we were traveling with. We tried almost all of the restaurants at the resort and LOVED Bana (Bistro) and Gabi Beach. I agree with some other reviews saying Passion was overrated. Overall, the food at the resort was good and there was a decent variety everywhere we went.The amount of recreation options included with no additional cost was also a nice surprise. My husband went SCUBA diving almost everyday and all equipment and dive trips were included. There are also tennis lessons offered where you basically get one-on-one instruction from the on-site pro. We all spent a lot of time at the pool. The pool was enormous and never felt crowded. One recommendation, there are no pool floats available (unless you purchase your own), it would definitely be worth it to pack a couple. The only sour note from the whole trip was when we went on the horseback riding trip. It was HORRIBLE. The ride to the stables took over an hour, the horses looked sickly, and the horseback ride took us to a beach littered with trash where people tried to sell us souvenirs. While still free, the horseback riding was a complete waste of time. On a more positive note, while the spa was a little expensive, the massages were better than most treatments we get in Scottsdale resorts. At the end of this trip, we would definitely recommend the Paradisus Palma Real (and already have to a lot of people). We did not get the Royal Service and never felt like we missed out on anything because of it. If you are looking for a fun and relaxing vacation, this is the place to go.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mjennin
<Content>Don't Come.............Please!!!!!! I hope people don't come to this resort.........IT WAS FANTASTIC AND AMAZING. I actually became nervous when I read some of the negative reviews such as ones saying get your money back now but after being there for 5 nights, 6 days.........we are booking again for next year and we want to stay for minimum of 7 nights! But HONESTLY, I hope people are upset and don't come back because that will leave more time for me to have my private tennis lessons, champagne on request, private pool and beach accommodations. I don't understand the people who gave this a bad rating-if you are used to butler service from Four Seasons, Ritz-Carlton where they lack personality and walk around with a towel on their arms, then go there and pay their prices for that kind of service. PLEASE.... don't come here. ... then I can have even more private service. For those of you on the way, I AM EXTREMELY JEALOUS. Enjoy yourself, bring tip money - although, they don't seem to look for tips but they do work hard and totally deserve whatever you can give them even if it's some lotions or perfumes you got for a gift and don't want anymore-they are so appreciative-but bring your sunscreen, take a cab to the hotel-it took 20 minutes with no stops-get the Royal service-it is worth it for the private beach and pool and lounge-I could check my email everyday and keep in touch with business contacts, stop in when I wanted, grab a drink, watch CNN, get something to eat or relax-enjoy the beauty of Punta Cana. Venti is the best restaurant-the snapper was unbelievable, the lobster there was great too. The Bellini bar is between Venti and Passions and the Martini bar is in Bana. Maria is the BEST butler and Nelson is the best bartender. If you are worried, then don't eat Sushi and raw veggies, bring Rolaids, Pepto Bismol tablets and some protein bars in case you get sick and can't eat the food, but we had NO problems because we were sensible in our food selections. The food was great-the Mango was unbelievable-the deserts were just OK but I don't need them anyways. They provided top shelf liquors such as Hennesey, Grand Marnier, Remy Martin and others which I loved!!!! They didn't have the Goose, or Kettle One as they are not in to Vodka over there but Absolut worked alright. The pillow menu was beautiful. Victor in the Royal Lounge was a sweetie and Pedro on the Royal Private Beach and Pool was just so incredibly nice and sweet. The people there are just toooooo nice and the grounds were amazing. The shows were definitely kind of corny but they really try to entertain and it's better than nothing. The disco plays great music - if you like hip hop/pop music. Raymundo, Kennedy and Moses are the best for tennis lessons. Everybody just catered to you-whatever you wanted, they did it. If you are not in tuned with the Carribean and Latin people, then why would you go? I give it a 5++++Star Rating but like I said, don't go so when I go back next year, the miserable, hard to please people won't be there. Thank you-A Satisfied Traveler  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveler59Texas
<Content>Pretty Good but could be better Royal Service is not worth the extra money. Our Butler worked the late shift so never saw her during the day around the pool or beach or room. Asked for Bali bed's 3 times and only got it once. The resort is amazing but if the service could upgrade, it would be worth money.....  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>BJArbor
<Content>Roaches, Roaches AND MORE ROACHES! NOT WORTH THE MONEY! I always read through all of these reviews when choosing spots for vacations but this is my first post. My wife and I chose the Palma Real for our honeymoon based on the services and amenities that this property had to offer. We are frequent travelers and we always stay at Luxury locations.  So here goes my opinion of this over rated resort. To start with, we booked our honeymoon well in advance and let the Palma Real know we were honeymooners and booked the highest level of room available. When we checked in we were told they only had rooms with 2 beds. After going through the usual You gotta be kidding me deal they came up with a room that had a king. While we sat and waited for our room(45 minutes) we heard the same thing over and over again with people checking in. This was all at The Royal Service lobby. When they finally gave us a room we were introduced to our Butler and braught to our room.  Being that we were hung up at check in for over an hour we asked for reservations for dinner that night and were told it was past 3PM so that would be impossible. After pulling teeth we finally got a dinner reservation. It's amazing how they make it seem like reservations are so dificult even though the restaurants are always empty. The food is mediocre at best. We got back to the room after a little while on the beach and the Cockroach parade began. At first we killed a couple and figured it was just part of being in a tropical location. After dinner we came back to the room and opened the mini bar for a drink and Roaches scattered everywhere. Needless to say, this freaked out the Mrs. We complained to the Royal Service Desk and were told they would send someone to take care of the problem. They sent a guy with an aerosol can. That was like trying to put out a fire with a shotglass. The next morning my wife went to change and there were several roaches in the closet. We complained again and got another guy with an aerosol can. There were roaches of all sizes, babies, biggies and all sizes in between. They said they would change our room, we agreed and then we heard nothing from them for another day. When we woke up the next morning there were 3 roaches in the bed. At this point we called to check out. We couldn't get out fast enough. When we got the Royal Service area they wanted us to stay for the remainder of our trip and offered to put us in a different room. Once again, a room with 2 beds. They gave us NO break at all after 3 nights of Cockroach problems and the best thing I saw all week was The Resort in the rear view mirror! We went to Tortuga Bay which was The Most Romantic and Beautiful Place we've ever been. We met another couple there that had the same experience at The Paradisus Palma Real and stayed for less than 12 hours. I guess we tried stick it out better than some. If you're gonna spend this kind of money do yourself a favor and go to Tortuga Bay. We ended up being overjoyed that the roaches got us to a much better place. We will never consider a Paradisus Resort again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	2	2	1	2	3	

<Author>honeymoonersparadise
<Content>Honeymooners Paradise       veiw of the foutains, pool and ocean  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travel76
<Content>Wedding in Paradise Our trip was from May 9th thru May 18th, 2007.My husband and I cannot say enough great things about this resort and do not know where to start. We picked this resort over a year ago because of the great pictures and they hosted beach weddings, which was our main purpose for this trip.GENERAL:The pictures do not do enough justice- in person is much better. The lobby is beautiful, open-air and it was great just to relax, have a cocktail, enjoy the ambiance and people watch. The restaurants are great as well; we enjoyed them all except for Gabi beach. We did have Royal Service so dining at Gabi Beach was free for us (I am glad I didn鈥檛 have to pay). The food was good but the service was terrible. They did have a beach event at the same time and that could explain why the service was awfully slow.The Agave buffet for breakfast and lunch, we thought was great and good variety - although almost the same everyday. Try the mangu! The wait staff there too was great. Eddy was very friendly and pleasant to talk to.Passions and Vento were our favorites, but they all had GREAT food.The pool was great and the bartenders (Aqua Bar) made great drinks and they were so fun and entertaining; Damian, Lennyn and Dionicia - thank you!The beach was beautiful and not much seaweed that others mentioned. The grounds were impeccable! Everyday from early, early morning until late in the evening there were employee's working on maintaining the resort.ROYAL SERVICEWe chose Royal Service (RS) for two reasons: to receive the 'free wedding package and to have the extra's they offered to make our honeymoon more special. We had Jorge as our Butler, a great, friendly, down-to-earth person who helped us in everyway! Thanks Jorge!The room- (in comparison to the other rooms we got to see) was nice but not as spacious or luxurious as others. It was 1 open room- one king bed, no kitchen and 1 open bathroom - which is a little awkward. I felt for the money we paid, we should have had a separate bedroom with a full kitchen. Other family members who did not chose Royal Service had better rooms. That was disappointing. We did have a private pool and beach area - which is for adults only and was nice but really quiet. We kept going to the public pool for more action and entertainment.I would NOT get RS again.WEDDINGKelly Hunt - the Romance Manager was great to work with! Very friendly and accommodating. I called and emailed her dozens of times, months before the event, asking every question I could think of and she responded every time putting me at ease. When we arrived we met and went over the ceremony details and turned in all the necessary paperwork. She made sure all of our requests were met even changes made hours before the ceremony. Kelly made everything so easy. We virtually just had to show up and she directed the rest. We chose to have the ceremony on the beach because it can accommodate any guest size and of course just overall beautiful backdrop. For backup, the other site was under the meditation gazebo in the garden 鈥?also beautiful. Thank you Kelly for everything!Romantic Dinner- this was included in our wedding package. Unbelievable! The food was so good and the setting was very romantic. Our waiter, Jesus, was also very nice and made the experience great. We absolutely love the Paradisus and all of the staff 鈥?they really helped make the experience even better. The resort is gorgeous and we are going to go back again in May of 2008, and can鈥檛 wait!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bettatravel
<Content>Could be a 6 with some attention to detail I am a travel agent and have stayed extensively throughout the Caribbean staying in 11 properties in the Dominican Republic from Puerto Plata to La Romana. This property could be a 6 with some attention to detail. First, the mattresses are the most comfortable we have experienced. My husband has a bad back and usually by Wednesday he is ready to go home to our own bed...but these mattresses were a comfort. The hotel has 5 restaurants mostly airconditioned. The food was incredible, the lobster everynight to filet mignon's and desert delicacies. Reservations are required, but they were not a problem to secure and you can book 2 days out. Waiter service is lacking, often forgetting about you, not bringing drinks when requested and such. If you're on the beach you'll need to go to the pool bar for drinks. The spa services are over priced $90 for a massage Most people were complaining about it. BUT if you go out to the beach to the left of the property 100 feet there are 8 bungalow shops with a Massuse center, 2 women Meglina and Mary, dual massage $50.00 per couple/$25.00 per person for one hour...We booked every day. My husband has massage therapy in the states and said this was one of the best massages he has ever had! Check them out...book everyday!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	2	3	

<Author>malyfonti
<Content>love love the place,cannot wait to return we stayed at the paradisus palma real from July 1, thru the 6th. all I can say is this has been the best vacation I have ever been on. The resort is absolutely gorgeous. we were upgraded to a master suite which was beautiful. the pool, the beach, the people, the restaurants, everything about this place is spectacular. i read all the reviews before going and was a little afraid to see what I would find when I arrived but all I can say is that if you have the chance to stay at this resort go for it you will not be sorry.... I researched so many different resorts before deciding on this one and I am so very glad I chose this one. cannot say enough of this place, they think of every little detail. the candles at night all over the resort is gorgeous.... I did not want to leave and I cannot wait to return, thank goodness we took a lot of pictures because all I do is look at them to remember our time there. I also was able to get a massage in one of the outside cabanas,, Incredible!!!! Again, do not think twice about this resort and trust me I am very very picky of where I stay and this was way over my standards... Enjoy your stay as much as I did mine.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meredithinbaltimore
<Content>Awesome Resort...will go back! My husband and myself, along with another couple spent a week at the Paradisis Resort. We all loved it! It was clean, beautiful and the people were very nice! We are already talking about going back! The food is pretty decent. The restaurant Passion is overrated! Venti was great! The sushi is not good at all. HInt for those of you heading to the Paradisus: take plenty of $1 for tips, change is hard to come by. You need to wake-up at the crack of dawn to scope your Bali bed, and it's worth it! Take a room towel or something to put on the bed and go back to bed. The sun is brutal and you'll want the shade, not to mention the comfy bed. We can't wait to go back!!!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>guido81
<Content>Disaster Honeymoon thanks to Royal Service We stayed here for 11 days. When you break down what we paid it was $500 a day. Which I feel is a lot of money for what we recived. If you were to go someplace and give yourself a budget of $500 a day for food, room and drinks and recieve the service and food quality that you recive at Paradisus you would be upset. The food was OK but nothing was ever the right temperature. The lobster was cold, the soup was cold, yet lunch meats were warm and slimy. You had to wait up to a half hour for a drink and 20 mintues for someone to take your dinner order. Here is a tip HIRE MORE PEOPLE. The Royal Service is a RIPOFF and the staff in the office is rude and not very helpful. The butlers are a joke. Everyone has their hand out looking for a tip for mediocre at best service. It discusts me that this is considered a 5 star hotel. The atmosphere is the only reason it gets this rating. Staff, Service and food quality are a big fat ZERO. If you must go here I can only offer some tips:Do not book royal service, Do not eat at Bana, Do bring a bottle of water to all meals so you do not have to wait for a drink, bring lots of singles because nobody will break a 20 for you. Don't wander off the resort. Take immodium with you and insense or a candle to mask the musty room smell  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>jackson07
<Content>Royal Honeymoon       Our Honeymoon  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manneke
<Content>visa card: be careful Hello, BonjourParadisius Palma Real is really a wonderful place for holydays. Beautiful, unbelievable under an incredible sun with very good meat and a lovely room (jacuzzi, shower, LCD TV,...).The pool was also terrific and the staff very kind especially with our little boy.BUT... I have had a serious problem 6 months later with my VISA card. Someone made a fake card after making a copy with it, and the only place in America where I used it, was at the reception of the PARADISIUS Hotel. The receptionnist took it for the deposit of the room. Someone spent 鈧?500 with this fake card in Florida, and I have never been to US.It is really sad because everything was so nice and it was for us, coming from Belgium, the first time in this luxury spanish resort.So be careful.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Whitney116
<Content>Magnificant Hotel The Paradisus Palma Real was wonderful. The hotel is beautiful and the beach was awesome. We stayed in a garden view suite and the room was still very spacious. Remember this an all inclusive hotel. Overall, I felt like it was a great value. The food was great, for the most part. Some of the lunch choices were typical like hamburgers, chicken nuggets - but they always offered a salad bar and usually a special of the day, like pasta bar, tacos, and stir fry. We were traveling with a 2 1/2 year old who loved the pool. However, the menus for dinner at the various restaurants lacked choices for children. That would be my only complaint for this entire hotel. The pool was more than you could ask for; the cabanas at the pool were great for afternoon napping. The bar tenders were very friendly, and the hotel staff went out of their way to accomdate us. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>cpattyanna
<Content>True Paradise This was the most beautiful place I ever saw! The people were very warm and friendly. Sometimes they are not as quick to bring you your drink but you need to realize things are slow moving....The pool and the beach were great. You need to find a way to communicate with others in your party. Maybe a walkie talkie might be good. It was hard locating people you were with. Be prepared to really relax. Watch out for Victor, he loves to talk to you about timeshares....The worst part was checking in. Our room was not ready until after 4PM. The beauty of the resort is unforgetable. If you love the beach or pool and need some R  R. this is the place for you.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>jayn2339
<Content>great place       view from lobby  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SoleilLisbon
<Content>Outstanding accomodations, Irregular service and food I just came back from a week at the paradisius palma real where we stayed at the family concierge. I was there with my wife and 2 year old son. Overall we had a great time and very good experience however we noted that there are some thinks that need to be improved for this place to be a real 5 star hotel with outstanding service because the potential is there.What pleased us:- Outstanding accomodations from hotel rooms, to the pools, restaurants, lounges, plazas, beach chairs and beds, etc...- Nice sand beach although there were quite a few green leaves in the water- Nice evening activities ranging from circus, to music and dance shows to flamenco shows- We foung Gabi to be a very good restaurant: nice food and athmosphere- Nice breakfast and lunch buffets- People working at the hotel are niceWhat should be improved:- There should be a baby sitting area for kids below 4 years old. We left our kid at the melia caribe tropical baby club and waisted easily at least an hour and a half going back and forth every day- Food and service at restaurant passion was disappointing and did not match with the restaurant accomodations- We often waited a long time (30-45 minutes) to be setaed at restaurants except for Gabi- Service can be good but is irregular, we noted that it is much better when the managers were around, otherwise the people relaxed and service suffered- We had the impression that employees at times where in the wait of a tip for anything which can leave a somewhat bad feelingConclusion:A fantastic place to go for the scenary, and accomodations. Food is ok but nothing fantastic. Service is decent and has the potential to be good but just the fact that is irregular it can be a gamble, however the people are very nice.I hope that the above points can be improved as this hotel has really the potential to be one of the leading hotels in the caribbean.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>bonedoc927
<Content>The Royal Ripoff Just got back from what was supposed to be an ultra luxurious, care free vacation experience at the Paradisius Palma Real in Punta cana. We booked the Royal Service in order to give us that extra level of service and unfortunately this is where they fell short. I have traveled extensively but never felt so compelled to leave a review, but our experience and those of many we met warrants this evaluation. Grounds: The setting is beautiful and well kept. The pools are large and have built in Jacuzzis and the temperature is always comfortableRooms: Good size and clean. But don鈥檛 take for granted that they will make the room every day. Turn down service was also inconsistent. Minibar was kept well stockedFood: Acceptable for an all-inclusive but for a supposedly 5 star resort is marginal. The buffets lack for presentation and service is poor. The restaurants are much nicer but the food no better. The restaurants will not seat you without a reservation even if there are few people there and are unaccommodating.Activities: Very sparse for an all-inclusive, very little going on at any given time. The evening shows where low budget and low quality. The casino is uninviting and everyone from the dealers to the cashier were downright rude. Water sports staff was extremely rude and difficult to deal with. Had a miserable experience parasailing. They charged $85 for a 10 minute ride on the parasail the whole experience took over 2 hours because they crowd you on a boat like cattle with a bunch of other people.Annoying time share people: They are everywhere and do not leave you alone. Very devious in ringing you in. They should not be given the run of the place.Royal service: It is anything but. One guest put it best when referring to the bracelet they have royal service guests wear 鈥淚t鈥檚 like the scarlet letter鈥? Their website is extremely misleading about the level of service offered. They make it sound as if everything is taken care of for you. We saw our butler on the first day and never again. Reservations for dinner were never made and we had to fight on a daily basis for a palapa by the pool. In my opinion the bare minimum of any vacation is to have seat in the shade by the pool and be able to eat at your convenience. Both these cannot be taken for granted at the Palma Real. They have no problem telling you sorry you cant sit by the pool today come by tomorrow and we鈥檒l see what we can do. A few individuals were very nice and friendly specifically Pedro at the pool, and a few waiters but for the most part they made you feel unwelcome, almost as if your presence was an inconvenience to them. Many we met at the royal service pool shared the same feeling. Some even went to complain but nothing was done. Security: We heard about several thefts while we were there so lock up all valuables including cell phones.In summary I would not recommend this resort unless your expectations for service are far below what they promise on their website. My suggestion to the ownership is to give the staff a crash course in customer satisfaction  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	5	2	1	5	

<Author>ChicagoCubbieFan
<Content>Honeymoon in paradisus Let me start off by saying everyones taste is different and no two people will have the same opinion about this place. We stayed here from june 10-17 on our honeymoon, and despite all the negative reviews it was the best vacation so far.From the beautiful hotel grounds to food, everything was great.stop by the pool bar and damien, dionicia and lenin will show you why i give this place an A+. This resort is for people who want to relax and have a good time. Everyone we had contact with spoke enough english to get us by. please contact me with any questions there is just to much to say.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gokartr88
<Content>Had an Incredible Time!!!! We just returned from our stay at the PPR (June 24 - July 1) and had a great time!!! To give you some perspective on this review my wife and I are 29 yrs. old and fairly well traveled. We also went with another couple of the same age.GROUNDSIncredible!!! Well maintained and very clean. The resort is also not too big which means everything is in walking distance. The pool being right on the beach is really great and makes for some incredible views. The main pool is awesome, it is huge so there is plenty of room for everyone, the chairs in the pool are very cool and you can usually get one without much issue. Bali beds are a different story (see below). The beach is beautiful, nice white sand and only a little bit of seaweed.PEOPLEAll in all we found the people to be very friendly and helpful, there were some minor service issues (see below). Language was not an issue for us, granted we didn't have any big issues to discuss with anyone, but anything we needed we were able to communicate in English and get what we needed, just need to be patient.ROOMIncredible!!! Big beds, new flat screen TV's with real cable (ESPN, stars, NY basic TV stations ABC, CBS, FOX). The shower and tub are great, highly recommend taking at least one bath. No issues with AC or hot water. Internet is free, just need to bring your own cord.FOODThe food is good, not great, just good, but my sense is the food at the PPR is probably better than most if not all resorts in the DR. The breakfast buffet was probably our favorite, lots of options including a really good omelet station. Vento and Market Grill were our favorite restaurants but I would eat in any of them again. Reservations can be a pain (eating dinner at 9:45pm is not ideal), not sure why some people could book the whole week in advance while others had to wait until the day before. No one got sick and we ate everything aside from the sushi. There is a wide selection of food and generally even the pickiest of eaters can find something on the menu.ACTIVITIES They have a full schedule of activities although we spent most of the time lying around in the pool or bali bed. We did do the cocktail, wine tasting and painting workshops all of which were fun but are short 1/2 hr to 1 hr. If you want to use any of the water equipment make sure you reserve it (even the non-motorized stuff you don't have to pay for). The nighttime entertainment is not great but it is better than what I have experienced in the past, the Vegas style show was probably our favorite.GOLFThe course is very well maintained and not overly challenging so as to frustrate a mediocre golfer such as myself. I wish they would have enforced the handicap rule a little bit though, there were a few people who had never golfed before that really held up the course. Couple of tips:- Get there early, course plays relatively slow but if you tee off by 7:30 you can usually catch the 12pm shuttle back to the hotel (the shuttle runs every hour)- Tee times don't dictate when you tee off so just book a time even if its later than you want - Bring balls, gloves, etc. (they kill you on the prices if you buy them there)ROYAL SERVICEAfter much debate we opted not to get it and are glad we did not. Most of the negative reviews on this site come from people who paid for it and don't feel they got what they paid for. We had no need for it, aside from restaurant reservations I'm not sure what else I could have used it for. Our pool was fine, we were satisfied with the restaurants we went to so not going to the RS one wasn't a big deal (and we could go to the bar in that restaurant) and check in was very smooth (less than 20 minutes) so not sure how much better RS check in could be.ISSUES- The mini bar was not stocked for 2 days in our room or our friends room and to get it stocked it required us to follow up multiple times at the desk - to fix this issue we went to the bar and got some bottles of water and beer to bring back to the room until they stocked it, no big deal- Our friends room had no alarm clock and no iron for three days, again multiple calls to get this fixed - to fix this issue they borrowed our iron and used their cell phone as an alarm clock, no big deal- Bali beds are hard to come by, we played golf almost every morning so we were able to reserve one at 6:30am on our way to the course (just throw your beach bag on one with nothing in it), but if you're not an early riser they'll be long gone by the time you get to the pool; they're really great if you get one though; however there are plenty over chairs, including ones under umbrellas to keep you out of the sun- Tipping, we tipped everywhere we went, didn't seem to do us much good, but then again we never got bad service so maybe it did- Horseback riding - DON'T DO IT, 2 hrs. of travel for a 1/2 hour riding, horses are malnourished, riding is not good, all in all a disaster- Ignorant people, is it so hard to put your used towels in the bin when you are done so someone else can have your lounge chair/bali bed; instead of leaving your empty drinks in the pool bring them to the bar so they're not lying all over the ledges of the pool for everyone else to deal with; have a little respect for your fellow vacationers, it makes everyone's experience better (sorry, nothing to do with the resort just me ranting)OVERALLAll in all we had a great time and would definitely go back. If you go in with the expectation that you are staying in a five star resort and expect to be treated as such you are going to be disappointed. Given how cheap the resort is I'm not sure why you would expect that though. Just bring a little patience and understanding with you and relax, you're on vacation, and you will have a great time!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>waters62
<Content>DO NOT BUY ROYAL SERVICE!!!!!!!!! I can not say how dissapointed I was with our honeymoon and this hotel. From the minute we checked in to the minute we left we had nothing but problems. We checked in at 12 did not get to go to our room until 4 after several calls our bags arrived at 5pm with the wrong room number on them. Over a 10 day trip we had 5 different butlers all looking for tips and if you did not tip them a lot then they did nothing for you. The royal service office is a joke. When you go there to complain they promise you they will make it up to you and they are so sorry and nothing is ever done. Mid week we had no toilet paper in the room and no water in our minibar I called at 2:40 to ask for these items and we went out to the beach at 5pm still no water or toliet paper but the cleaning people had been in our bathroom because the towels were put back in place. I called again and they said they would send someone right over (I spoke to Victor) and we waited an hour nobody came. At 7 my husband went to the office and complained they said they were sorry and they would send someone over again he talked to Victor. At 9pm I went to the office and raised hell vowing to go to the office when everyone was checking in the next day and start screaming. That seemed to do the trick because we finally got toliet paper but still no water. The minibar was never stocked, room service was always wrong, late and the food was always cold. Our butler never showed his face and when he did he said he would do things that he never did. He promised us he would fill our jacuzzi and he never came, he said he would reserve a bed on the beach for us and never did. The ROYAL SERVICE IS A JOKE AND A RIPOFF. We booked this trip because it was our honeymoon we are 25 and wanted to be able to relax and have a good time. Instead we spent hours in the RS office having to explain to people why we were upset and hear empty promises of how they were going to make it up to us. My father sent us an expensive bottle of champagne that we never recieved. When we questioned the hotel they said they had no idea what we were talking about.DO NOT STAY HERE AND IF YOU DO... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON ROYAL SERVICE  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>graceofmyheart
<Content>Loved it enough to buy into vacation club!! We just returned - staying at the resort June 32-29. This review will probably be quite long...............We are a family of 4 - 2 parents, 3 year old and 7 year old. We chose the Paradisus based solely on our travel agent's recommendation and knew nothing about this resort except what she had told us and the very mixed reviews I have read here and on other sites. We booked Family Concierge Service and it was worth every penny.We went with a completely open mind and had an absolutely wonderful experience!! First of all let me say that the Dominican people are probably the nicest people I have ever met in the Caribbean. Every single person greeted us whether we were at dinner, walking thru the hotel grounds or just lounging by the the pool.Upon arrival we were taken to the Family Concierge Lounge (exclusive to FC guests) and given mamosas (sp?) and whatever my daughters wanted. We were given cool towels to freshen up and basically treated royally. The staff was OUTSTANDING with my daughters. Especially a young girl named Sufa who took a liking to my youngest Natalie and was incredible with her. We were taken on a tour by one of the concierge staff as our concierge would not be in for another half hour. Layden gave us a thorough tour of the facilities and brought us to our room overlooking lush gardens with a view of the ocean. Spectacular. The room was very clean and perfect for my family as it was larger than most apartments in Manahattan!! Our bags were already in our room when we were through with the tour. A walkie talkie was also put in our room so that we would be in constant contact with our concierge during our stay.We went to the family pool with an inflatable iceberg that you would climb and slide off the side. Enormous fun (though we were told after the second day that adults were not allowed). We were greeted like old friends by the bar staff and were looked after the entire stay by them.Our concierge found us at the pool as soon as he came in. He is an adorable 22 year old named OLIVER who speaks fluent English and could not have been more thoughtful, attentive, accomodating, and thorough. I CAN NOT RECOMMEND HIM ENOUGH TO ANYONE USING FAMILY CONCIERGE!!!!!!!! He made every reservation from dinner to water sports to spa treatments. We loved him soooo much!! At no time did I feel pressured to tip him during our stay. He never indicated expectation of one and on our last night we gave him an envelope with a substantial tip and without even knowing the dollar amount he was genuinely appreciative. We also tipped Sufa at the end of our stay.Another word on tipping - we left $3 for service at breakfast and lunch and $5 at dinner and for bar service between $1-3. All tips are very appreciated as these workers make very little.We spent all of our time at the pool. The beach was gorgoeus and the water very warm but the amount of sea grass was disappointing and freaked out my 7 year old. The sand gets EVERYWHERE as it is very fine but my kids had a ball making sand angels.We snorkeled (gorgeous reef but rough waters), horse back rode (too hot!!!) and I had a facial (outstanding spa).We met lovely guests who were friendly and you felt very much like it was a family atmosphere....greeting each other at meals and passing in the lobby, etc. We met one family we spent all our time with and I believe we will be life long friends. What a wonderful experience vacationing with them. They had bought into the Vacation Club last year after their first visit.Most of the staff spoke and understood passable English. The service could be slow at times but culturally I think Americans expect things immediately. All of the staff was friendly and would remember us from day to day.The food was very good. No one in my family got sick at all! Our favorite place was Teppanyaki. Delicious meal. Our biggest challenge was finding food for our picky kids. The pizza was actually decent and chicken nuggets were delicious but hard to come by. Only one restaurant had a children's menu (Gabi beach exclusive to FC and VC members) Overall I thought the food was prepared and presented beautifully. Breakfast at the Naos Buffet was exceptional. Wide variety. The Yaniqueques are to die for. No idea what they are but they were deelish!!!!Our room was stocked daily with soda, water and snacks. The maids cleaned thoroughly but were inconsistant with when they cleaned and turn down service. We were given fresh towels twice daily. Also as a FC guest the kids were brought milk and cookies as part of turn down only they were brought to the room very late. Twice my girls were asleep already when there was a knock on the door.On our last morning we decided to take the Vacation Club Tour and long story short we bought!!! We not only loved this resort but the flexibilty and value of vacationing in other 5 star resorts around the world was too good to pass up.I know many others had very negative experiences but ours was almost perfect. I would highly recommend this resort. The grounds are gorgeous. We can't wait to go back and visit the wonderful Dominican people.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nycaddie
<Content>Paradisus Resort was horrible!!!!!!!! I just returned from the Paradisus in Punta Cana with my boyfriend and I can NOT say enough how DISGUSTING the service and staff was at this Hotel!! We signed up specifically for the Royal Service so that we could get an Imperial Oceanfront room and also receive 5 star service and it was A COMPLETE LIE!!!!!!!!! We did not see the butler that was assigned to us besides the first day we checked in. Oh and checking in was a DISASTER! They tried to put my boyfriend and I in a room with DOUBLE BEDS!!!! We were there celebrating our anniversary and they actually thought that this was ok and we had no reason to be mad. We met at least 3 other couples that were on their honeymoon that they did the same exact thing too. After they finally put us in a King size Oceanfront room, we get to our first floor room to see that our ENTIRE VIEW of the Ocean is blocked by the Beach huts!!! This was NO OCEANFRONT!Throughout our week our safe broke, jacuzzi broke, and to top it off my boyfriends Ray Ban Sunglasses were STOLLEN From the room! They left us a message one day saying they investigated by asking the housekeeper if he stole them and he said no, so basically, TOO BAD!!! They did not offer to compensate us at all!We were suppossed to get chocolates and fresh flowers in our room every night and we barely even got a turn down service. We saw NEITHER all week!After I fought over and over with them for the refund of the extra we paid for Royal Service, they left us a note under our door the day of our check out saying they would refund us the total Royal Service portion. When we went to check out they only refunded us half. We fought with management and showed them the letter and they said that the Ass. manager should never have wrote that because they would only do half. So basically, they did not HONOR what one of their managers promised.I want everyone who is reading this to understand that my boyfriend and I are 30 years old and are not snooty travelers. We just like good service especially when we paid over $1000 extra for it. I also work in the hospitatility industry for a travel magazine so I know how travelers are compensated when they are severly disappointed and mislead. THIS HOTEL DID NOT CARE AT ALL!!!! They basically lie online and try to steel peoples money and do not give them the service!!!!!I will NEVER stay at a Paradisus property and I would highly recommend you don't either! It is not worth a Penny!!!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Blueknight2267
<Content>The Good and the Bad of Paradisus We just returned from the hotel after a 7 day stay June 18-25 2007. I had done extensive research on the property including reviewing comments from other guests on this site.After reviewing all the photos and comments from everyone I went with an open mind and realistic expectations. Here is a summary of our stay.We booked Royal Service all Inclusive through our travel agent and arrived a Punta Cana Airport from Miami. Punta Cana is an open small airport and arrivals quickly are processed trough customs. We had booked transportation through the tour operator but had to stand in line to find our bus and then wait for our hotel stop (would not recommend) Cabs are about $25 to $30 US to Resort from Airport much quicker way out and dont have to share a rideWe arrived at the Hotel and the Photos really don't do it any justice, The Hotel itself and the property is impecably clean. We proceeded to Royal Service Lounge for checking where we were offered mimosa's and other refreshments and snacks while we waited to be checked in.We were assigned a Buttler who took our keys and gave us a very short tour of the Hotel's Restaurants and points of interest and took us to our room. I tipped this guy and never saw him again for 3 days until one day in royal pool where he told me he would be off for few days and that one of the other buttlers would be taking care of us. (Best thing that happened to us ) getting another guy, he also showed up unannounced at around 7pm where we were tryng to rest to inquire if we wanted him to make us a bath, clearly looking for a tip before he went off, both my wife and I worked in the hospitality business working our way through college and we read him as not sincere on his approach to offer his services to us.We met Jorge and subsquently Carlos and they were fabulous! , Butlers arent supposed to be your servants but act as much as concierge helping you secure Bali Bed Reservations and Dinner Reservations ( There are only 9 Bali Beds at the Royal Service Pool for 60 plus rooms) reserve those early, Jorge got us Bali Bed Service 3 out of the 4 days he took care of us, He got us Dinner Reservations when the Royal Service Lounge said they could not and was basically a can do kind of guy. Carlos was also superb and very efficient. He made a beautiful romantic bath, provided aromatherapy pillows for my wife and took care of all our requests Kudos to both guys.The Beach does have some seaweed and depending on how the surf is working is swimable and very enjoyable, the Pools are Impecably Maintained and both the Royal Service and Regular Pool are outstanding.The night club Onix is well decorated and the Dj's especially Michel whom is very accomodating if you have request for dance songs, we were able to dance our butts off most of the nights is not crowded and teenagers are escorted off the club after 10:30pm. The Onsite Casino is Okay, this is not Las Vegas, very small few table games about 30 slot machines some in spanish but only take dollars.Now to the Bad (Food) We were not looking for a culinary experience when we booked this all inclusive resort even though we have dined in plenty of exclusive restaurants and are experienced dinners. That being said this is supposed to be a World Leading Resort Hotel and we expected the food to be palatable. We dined at every single restaurant in this hotel including the buffets, I got sick twice having to stay in my room all day all night. I suspect the culprit to be lobster dish that felt rubbery and over cooked but Im not really sure, all I know is that im still recovering and was very very skidish about what I ate after that.I speak fluent spanish and was told by staff that the chef's have been in ongoing dispute with managment over payscale and the week before 10 guest got sick from the food, in fact we traded stories with fellow Royal Guest at the Pool and 3 out of 4 couples had gotten sick from the food here, I was offered a doctor but no one from managment ever called me to apologize and offer any sort of assurance that the matter was being investigated. I suspect they have major issues in their kitchens and or food preparations althought their plating and presentation is very good, I would recomend stay away from shellfish or seafood here the water is bottled so that is good. But towards the end of the stay I just wanted to go home and felt uncomfortable picking and choosing what to eat so I wouldnt get sick again.Other than the food concern was the noise level outside room, our room was by the buttler lounge and staff use two way radios to communicate (Im not a light sleeper) but at 5:30 am and throught the day staff can be heard carrying on two way radio converstations in loud spanish I suggested they use ear pieces for privacy and comfort of the guest, also the maid start cleaning rooms at 8:00 am every day if you like to sleep in, make sure your dreaming tag is outside door or they will wake you up.Overall we loved the design and layout of the property and could live with alot of the nuisences but for the money we paid for the Royal Service Upgrade we felt this was not worth price. We were also highly disapointed in the food experience even though the serving staff was very friendly. I tipped additionally in dollars for great service, substandard service I did not tip.We would probably go back to DR in future but not back here we had a much better experience in Casa de Campo even thought the pool and beach arent as nice, I never got sick from their food.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>long21
<Content> The Garden Of Eden  My husband and I just came back from the Paradisus Palma Real in Punta Cana. Simply wonderful!!! Words can not describe how beautiful this resort is. This was our anniversary vacation, things could not have been any more romantic. I read most of the reviews, the resort is breath taking as well as the spectacular jacuzzi room. The food was great ,the staff were so caring and wanted to please. We stayed from June 18th to June 22nd. Everyday was some sort of entertainment or activity. Make sure you eat at Passions, Vento, and the Seaside Grill for dinner absolutely delicious. If you are looking for fun and relaxation and a clean resort with a wonderful staff, then this is the right place for you. Some reminders: bring bug spray for those pesty mosquitos at night if you plan to walk the beach. Remember that most of the staff members speak spanish so be patient with them trying to understand you. And last but not least they will try to offer you a welcome packet which includes a t-shirt and a free massage or 100.00 dollars. ( If you take a tour of the resort and sit for 60 minutes to learn about the vacation clubs that they have to offer( Time Share). if you don't mind wasting an hour do the tour (we did) if not runnnnnnn!!!!! Other than that I would reccommend this resort over and over again. It looked like the garden of eden and my husband and I will have everlasting memories of this place for all the right reasons:) :) Don't delay !!! You will not regret it !!!!! I promise !!! Have fun!!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gamboatom
<Content>Excellent honeymoon This was an excellent honeymoon. I'll tell you I was worried when reading other reviews, but don't let them fool you.The airport is only about 25 mins away and $25. When you get to the hotel it's beautiful. It did take about 2 hours before we got our ocean view suite, but we walked around the resourt and had drinks and got familar with the layout.The room was great, you do need to keep the doors shut because the a/c will shut off if you leave them cracked. Understandable when your in a tropical country.The pool and beach were beautiful, I have been all over the caribian and this place is at the top. we were there for 6 days and it only rained once. We brought dvds just in case it rained and didn't realy watch them.The staff was very friendly and always greeted us while walking around. At the bars they were very friendly and spoke english well, some people were tiping, I took a strap of 100 1$ bills and they went far and were very appreciated, we were not able to get much change at the resourt so bringing 1s was a great idea. I talked to several people that wished they had more change. Dinner was the best meal. Try all the restaurants, my favorite was Market Grill, we orderd 3 lobsters with dinner and they were happy to bring them. 2nd was Banna, the fry tables were fun and good food. 3rd Vento, excelent filete. 4th Passions, this was for adults only and I felt it was a little cheesy. All the buffets were good too, but your eating with the masses.I did the power boats, they were fun went pretty fast, I drove like a loco maniac and they didn't realy care. All the other water sports were fun as well. We pretty much lounged around the pool and beach all day and chilled.Watch out for the casino, they are tight. I love to gamble and only won one night.In all I would love to go back to this resourt and would recommend it to anyone of my friends.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bellabaci
<Content>Not so Great! I waited a week after our return from Paridisus Palma Real to give myself a chance to calm down before I wrote a review. It is ten days later and my anger really hasn't subsided.The hotel is absolutely beautiful, one of the nicest we have ever visited, and we have seen plenty. The beach was wonderful, but in my case, it was totally wasted.On my second night there, I awoke in the middle of the night with uncontroled vomiting. I have never been so sick. I knew it was from something I ate. I wanted to report it, hoping to save someone else from this misery. The manager insisted upon bring the house Dr to see me. I agreed wholeheartily. The Dr's first question to me, was Could you have eaten something off at the airport? If I was strong enough, I might have hit him. They kept telling me over and over that no one else was sick. I found out they were not very forthright with me. I talked to several people who had someone sick in their party. I just wish I had been warned.I spent 5 1/2 days ill, two of them in bed. I worked so hard on planning this anniversary trip. It is speculation, but I believe I got sick eating shrimp in the market grill. My husband did not have any, and he was fine. I could only have soup for five days, I was petrified I was going to get dehydrated and end up in the hospital. I am a healthy person never experienced problems like this.I am not trying to frighten anyone, I just wish I had been warned. We even took acidolpilis pills before our arrival to prevent a minor upset. It is inexcusable to serve food as they did. Foods that should have been cold were not and vice versa. It is a breeding ground for bacteria. My suggestion to the hotel, drop the All Inclusive, because you are not doing it properly. I would much rather pay for a meal knowing it is of better quality and SAFE. Shame on you Paridisus Palma Real!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Be Very Very Careful.Bella  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>pattyChile
<Content>Worst food ever Just got back from PPR, stayed there from june 16 to 23. First of all let me start saying that the hotel is simply beautiful, amazing pool, room, everything....but...well, we did booked royal service and let me just say, save your money....we just saw our concierge the day that we arrived and never more...said that, l have to say if you like to eat dont go there....the food was awful in every restaurant and my husband and I went to all of them....the one that was acceptable was the gabi beach and wasnt something you could say amazingggggg......the room wasnt very clean and the air conditioning wasnt working very well....but the worse part was when we asked the wake up call and they didnt called to wake us up, and almost lost our flight back .....that should resume our opinion about the overall services. Finally, I would say it was one of the most beautiful places i stayed but the worst food i ever ate at a five star hotel.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	5	3	4	

<Author>JDWhite
<Content>Stay        Our feet are in the pool :)  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Madgab
<Content>Second Visit to Palma Real....as prfect as the first We returned to the Palma Real from June 6-12th. We had been there previously in October with a large family group ( including kids) and this time we returned solo for an anniversary trip.We had a wonderful trip in October and were worried that it wouldn't be the same...it was just as great. Here are some of my highlights:Reservation: Of note I did make my reservations at Sol Melia.com and they do have a price match guarentee that if you can find a less expensive rate with the same terms online within 48 hrs they will honor your rate minus 10%...I was able to find it cheaper on expedia and saved about $350- (off to a good start)Check in/out...painless.....One ting that did stick out in Oct we were given champaign on check in this time it was draft beer....(a little strange for a welcome beverage)Room: Beautiful....we asked for a romantic room and were given a third floor room with a beautiful view. Also interesting they did have a pamphlet addressing service in each room. (I think in response to some of the negative reviews about being indifferent about service complaints) The pamphlet stated they will respond within 15 min to a complaint and have an acceptable resolution within 2 hrs. We did have trouble with our tub and it was attended to and fixed within 1 hr.We also tipped the beverage man and asked to keep the fridge filled with Presidente and he made sure there was always a cool one ready.Royal Service: Did not do it. I feel we did not miss much. We had no trouble getting a bed by the pool or making dinner reservations on any day.Romance Package: I worked with the romance dept to arrange the passion package ( found on the hotel website) It included several ammenities inc breakfast with mimosa in bed, beautiful jacuzzi tub decroations and candlelight one night, couples, massage , 10% off all spa tx ...and by far the most incredible thing was dinner under the stars  a romantic dinner for 2 on the beach with champaign, your own waiter,and a delicious menu. This was incredible. I also arranged for the photographer Francisco to photograph the evening. It was truly priceless ( even hubby who is more frugal did not care what the price tag was)...So if you want to do something special I would highly reccommend this. Food/service: First I can not believe the reviews that say they tip and are still treated badly...there is definitley something else going on with these people. We brought $200 in singles and tipped 1-5 $ regularly and we were treated like a king and queen. Every am in the buffet restaurante our newspaper would be brought to us, our waiter would go and get our fresh juice for use and anything else we needed. Staff definitley speak ALOT more English then in Oct again I feel in response to the reviews. Anyway everyone remembered us, our names, our drinks etc.Special staff include Lenin (of course...for anyone who has been there Lenin at the pool bar is memorable)  I got it!!!!, Fransisco at the pool bar. Juaqin and Jenfry at the lounge upstairs also excellent. Carlos and his Mojitos at the sky bar The wonderful staff at Passion . Fredrico in the buffet. Restaurante atmosphere is that of an upscale restaurnte in any big city. I had a great meal at Vento (comparable to a upscale us restaurante) we ate twice at Passion one meal better then the other. The tepanki restaurant was also excellent. Lets face it for what your paying, to include top shelf drinks , lush accomodations, entertainment , I was not expecting 5 star gourmet meals... if that is what you are after i would go to New York City. I did enjoy all my meals and did not get sick.Pool: As stated previously gorgeous.....swim up bar, jacuzzi, in water lounge chairs.Spa: Facilities and technicians 1st class. My husband and I both did several treatments as well as spent time in the hydro area. It was equal to any top spa in the US.Nightife: Improved since October but still a weaker area. Casino was fun for table games not slots.Activites: Did the snorkling fort he 1 hr trip. It was included...We swam with alot of fish, They recommended for us to bring breads to attract the fish which really worked well. Otherwise just relaxed. Vacation Club: More visible and aggressive this time. We had done this last trip so just politely declined each offer. Tips: Bring conditioner for hair. They have conditioning shampoo which just isn't the same. Gentlemen remember dress pants for some of the restaurantes ( always run into some men that have forgitten to pack these).We had a wonderful time twice and would definitely return for a third visit.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nunooli
<Content>Top!! (Go For It)  Me and my wife stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real between June 9th and June 16th for our honeymoon. We came a long way from Portugal.This was our first time in an all-inclusive, although we are frequent travellers for all over the world and we had the nicest time. Don麓t believe the very negative reviews written by others saying the worst about this resort. Okay, it has few weaknesses, but nothing that could bother us having a very, very pleasant time.Check-in: Quick. Then came the concierce who offered us $100 to spend in hotel services, like the Spa wich is not included. For that we had to attend a 1 hour meeting at the Melia Vacation Club the next day, where they tried to sell us a Vacation Package in their hotels worldwide. We said no in the end, but had $100 that we spent on two relaxing massages at the Spa. Some people didn鈥檛 go all the way and didn麓t receive the voucher. It鈥檚 up to you if you think it鈥檚 worth the $100 and waste one hour of your time.Room: Excellent, very clean, and the double Jacuzzi is wow鈥?King size bed very comfortable.Beach: Very good. Seaweed doen麓t bother at all. Sea Water very clean and warm. White sand (powder). The most time it was windy so we spent more time at the pool. Don麓t miss the sunset with clear sky around 7-7:30 pm. It鈥檚 breathtaking. Most people go to their rooms when there鈥檚 no sun, so it was a unique experience for us, because we had the beach almost for ourselves and the views were stunning.Pool: Great. The Bar in the pool was the best. The bartender Lenin is great and was always making us banana mamma wich is a cocktail. One of my few complaints was that sometimes people were very loud around the pool, disturbing others who were enjoying their rest.Food: Lunch buffet was OK. Restaurants at night are great. We liked especially the Asian (the cook is in front of you cooking for you) and the Market Grill (Lobster and Steak in one dish). We ate at these two twice. The other restaurants are also great. The beverages are all brand-name.We took some tennis lessons and some sailing lessons wich were great and included. After 30 mins we were sailing on our own in the catamaran.We did the horsebackriding tour also included. In my opinion it was not worth it because we lost too much time. They said it was about 1 hour but it was about 3, To ride 15 mins on the beach with the horse. We had to ride for 1h15min each way on the back of a truck. It was very uncomfortable.The hotel has many activities to take part during the day and every night a different show. So you wont get bored at all. One doesn鈥檛 have to leave the hotelI hope this will help people thinking about going to this resort like it helped me in choosing this one. So, if you are thinking about it, don麓t hesitate. GO FOR IT. You wont regret it.Best regardsNuno  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Suzanne52368
<Content>Beautiful-BUT...       View from our room  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>lcdm71
<Content>Royal Service- A Joke! After reading all the reviews, I realized that there are always going to be people who will complain so take some of the reviews with a grain of salt. I don鈥檛 consider myself someone who is hard to please or high maintenance so I thought this would be a great place to celebrate our 5 year wedding anniversary even with some of the negative reviews.We paid for the Royal Service and when we arrived were told that the king bed we booked was not available and we would have 2 double beds and that no kings were available. Nice way to spend your anniversary in seperate beds. They didnt even seem to feel bad. Our butler did a brief tour of the grounds and took us to our room and that was the last time we saw him until our last day. We asked him if he could reserve a palapa for the next morning and he said he wasnt so sure he would be able to get one since it was already 4pm but would look into it and then we never heard back. We called the concierge that night and asked again if we could reserve one and they said no problem. ???? Its almost like they want you to think that things may not be possible and like they are doing you a great service when they can make it happen so give them more tips. BTW, we tipped our Butler when he took us to our room and brought $200 in ones/fives to tip more but never had the opportunity. Also, there were several empty palapas the next morning so it wasnt a problem at all to reserve one.The first morning we wake up to construction at 8am. Banging etc. Like they couldn鈥檛 wait a little longer to start up and not wake up everyone. Our room wasn鈥檛 cleaned at 2 pm, so we called and asked for it to be cleaned. We come back to the room at 4pm and its still not cleaned. We have no clean towels and are supposed to be getting ready for dinner. I went up to the Royal Service Suite to talk to someone about all the problems we have been having and the impression I get is that they could care less. No one ever follows up or asks if everything is fixed etc. The 2nd day our phone is broken. So no calls to our butler to reserve palapas or make dinner reservations, order room service, ask for our room to be cleaned etc. Everytime we want to use a phone we have to walk out to the pool bar and use theirs. I called the concierge to ask that someone take a look at the phone and no one ever shows up. I wait 24 hours and when I was at the gym, I use the phone and call to follow up to see when someone would look into it. The response I got was 鈥渨e will send someone and if it doesn鈥檛 work then just call us back鈥?OK, how am I supposed to call you back when my phone isn鈥檛 working and why don鈥檛 you figure it out and follow up with me, why do I have to spend my vacation following up with you on all these problems? Finally someone shows up and says that its broken and they wouldn鈥檛 be able to get someone to fix it until the next day (the day we leave) and do we want to switch rooms. FOODGABI BEACH- horrible, we rated it a C-. there was not many people there and service took forever. Its fine if you are going to take a while to bring food, but at least make sure we have drinks, water or bread etc and acknowledge us every 30 min or so. We were just left there with no one helping us, no water etc and there were plenty of staff to accommodate the few couples eating there. VENTO-Breakfast- C+. Again service took FOREVER. There were only 2 couples in there when we arrived so shouldn鈥檛 have taken 75 minutes to eat. VENTO, PASSIONS  HIBACHI- mediocre to good. Service was better but you may want to get used to getting up to get your own drink from the bar as they often forget or take 30 min to bring it to you. There were other couples I met in Royal Service who also experienced problems. One couple was on their honeymoon and their AC wouldn鈥檛 get below 77 degrees. They had 3 ac repairmen come, all who said there was nothing wrong with it. ???? Many people complained that their rooms didn鈥檛 get cleaned also and that they never saw or heard from their butler or that the restaurants took forever to serve you. The rooms are nice. In the bathroom there is a box of soap, shower gel etc. I opened it the first day to take a bath. The next day when I was reading the brochure I noticed that they mention that there is a $40 charge for this so I went back to the package because I didnt remember seeing anything on it that said there was a charge, plus this is an all inclusive so why would they do that? There is a small $40 sign on the bottom corner of it. I would never have opened it if I knew it was $40. Also, for Royal Service, you can have aromatherapy baths drawn in your room by your butler. I called to see I could have this done or if they could just bring me the stuff for the bath and I would be happy to do it myself. They didn鈥檛 understand a word and said there wasn鈥檛 anything like this and that I had bath gel in my room I could use. I went and re read the brochure and sure enough, this is something they offer but then I couldn鈥檛 call back because our phone was broken. It was just one thing after another. Surely not what I would expect especially when paying for 鈥淩oyal Service鈥?I have been to other all inclusives where I didn鈥檛 purchase extra service and the customer service wasn鈥檛 even comparable. This was by far the worst vacation I have had. I would never go back and never recommend this place to anyone. You could do so much better for the same amount of money you spend here.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chessiemomndad
<Content>Loved it ! Great resort! Gorgeous, well manicured resort with very friendly and accomodating staff. There were some exceptionally nice people that made our stay memorable. Our garden view room was very nice with a double jacuzzi tub. We were first floor and had no problems. After check-in, the front desk called to see if everything was okay with our room, which was thoughtful. The sea grass was not a problem, and the beach is very nice. Plenty of chairs and palapas for everyone. The pool was magnificent. We visited the spa twice for couples massages which were wonderful. No bug spray, and just a couple of bites. We ate the vegetables and fruit, and brushed our teeth with tap water, and had absolutely no problems. There was plenty of bottled water, soda, juice and beer in the fridge in our room, which was a pleasure. Room service was tasty and delivered quickly. A few words of Spanish does go a long way, but we had no problem with any kind of language barrier. Most of the staff spoke fairly good English, or understood well. A small tip is so appreciated there, and was our pleasure. The food was good (we aren't particularly picky), and we were able to find wines that we liked on the included list. (Go for the French wines- they were fairly decent) The selection at the bar was pretty good, although they didn't have our favorite vodka-ketel one. We were there for the local rum, which was excellent. The bartenders were really great about introducing us to local rum drink recipes, too, which was nice. (Beware the mamajuana shots- they sneak up on you!) The cafe con leche (coffee with hot milk) was yummy. Plenty of choices at the buffets.There are lots of activities included in your stay here. We didn't do much but relax, the boat trip, shopped downbeach some, and went into Higuey for a few hours. People are fairly spread out, so it never felt crowded at this resort. It's a very nice place to relax and catch up on your RR time. We also met some other guests from all over the world that were very nice. We never felt like leaving our things at the lounge chairs would be a problem, either, and felt very safe there. We are vacation club members(very happy vacation club members, I might add), but were booked as if we were paying guests, as we used our MAS points. We opted not to get Royal Service, and never felt like we needed to. There was no trouble with reservations or service. We never needed to wait for anything. We have been to a few resorts in the past few years in the Melia family, but this was by far the nicest. Great attention to detail, and it was a treat to the eyes and the senses both by day and night. We will definitely return to this resort. I can't really find anything that we were displeased with.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>michgirlie
<Content>Watch Out to Paradise! Awesome!!!! Hello:My family (5 of us) spent 7 nights at this wonderful resort. This has been the best vacation of my life, and to be honest I am a little dificult to impress. Everything was wonderful, there are so many pretty places and corners where to relax and to have fun that really make this place paradise.Food: Very good in general, In order of liking: Market Grill, Bana, Passion, Agave and Vento. Buffet is delicious for breakfast and it has everything you can think of to have for breakfast and then some.Facility: Gorgeous resort. Rooms are spacius, the finishing of the bathroom etc. is not as detailed as we are used to here in the US, and you will notice that as soon as you arrive. It is really a shame because this resort has so much luxury everywhere that I think they should have been more carefull inside the rooms, but again... I am picky with that stuff. Overall... great rooms, believe me.Activities: A different one every night, you won't be bored. I made some friends there, I am really happy with our trip.Service: GREAT! They will do whatever it takes to make you happy. A tip always helps, this is a very poor country and some of them have to stay at the hotel and don't see their families for days, others arrive at 5 in the morning, so these are very hard working people and a little tip goes a long ways.Beach and Pool: One of the best pools in the Caribbean (per Tripadvisor) and the Beach is much more nicer than I thought. Some seaweed but is not the kind that bothers you. Trust me, I was born in the Caribbean and I know about beaches :-).Premium Drinks are included. So.. feel free to ask for Heineken or whatever, if they don't have them at the pool bar, ask for them, they are supposed to offer them so... push for it if not find at first. This happened to my father who is a Heineken drinker, it turned out to be that there was a lack of the premium beverages in some of the bars, not sure if they are trying to save a little on cost during the slow season (now).Check out, chek in was quick, room was ready.No one got sick, always drink bottle water there is plenty of it everywhere.I strongly recommend this hotel, the difference in price compared to the rest of the hotels in the area is WORTH IT!!!!. Great people that should be mentioned:Pool Bar: Damian, Lenin, Venecia, FranciscoBuffet: Gregorio Vidal (great guy, I got emotional when he gave each of us a little local craft gift). Julio, Pablo, Jose, Margarito, Carlos.Ciel Bar: LuisBana: ObispoMarket grill: RicardoI am sure I am missing a lot of names here because most of them are just great.Dislike: The presure from the Vacation Club members, and I stated this in my ckeckout - interview. And I didn't care for the Disco bartender either, kind of arrogant guy, I believe his name is: Alberto or Adalberto Castillo.All in all.. great stay, wonderful resort, magical people, fantastic!!!! You won't regret making this your choice.Please contact me with any questions you may have via this website.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovetovacation47
<Content>Wonderful vacation!!! I stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real in Punta Cana from April 28th - May 3, 2007. It was one of the best vacations I have taken. It was certainly the most beautiful, from the lobby to the courtyard to the pools  the spa (we listened to a semi timeshare deal  recieved $100.00 to use anywhere on the resort, we got full body massages in one of the outside huts, wonderful) I traveled with 2 other women  we felt safe every minute of our trip, even if we ventured off alone. (on site).Weeks before my vacation I read the reviews concerning this resort,  I am so glad I didn't let the bad or nasty reviews stop me from going. I don't know what some people are looking for in a vacation. This place had everything we wanted (except the night life, I'll explain later) it had so many fun things for us to do....  we met some very nice people, just brush up on your spanish!!!Leo, the bike riding tour guide, dance instructor  all around fun motivator. George, our wind surfing instructor (that was the funniest thing we did)  he also was our captain on the catamaran (that was my favorite). The men on the party boat (fun, fun, fun). The guys at each restaurant, very nice  they take very good care of you, anything you want. We had no problem getting into any of the restaurants, we called the night before to make reservations, always got in with good seating. We went to all of the resaurants  I cannot chose a favorite, they were all good. We never needed the extra butler service they say you can purchse, we are so glad we saved our money. The night life...they really didn't have any. They have a very nice casino  night club, but no one was ever in them, we didn't understand it, we tried to start something up, but it didn't work.We did however go to a night club not too far from there called Mongu, (spelling might be off, ask any of the younger employees about it). We had a great time there, good music - crowd is a little on the young side, but we went to dance  dance we did!!!I could go on  on about this place..but I don't want to write a book.Overall....my 2 girlfriends  I would reccommend this resort to anyone traveling. Beautiful rooms (kept very nice), good food (we thought) we did hear bad reviews about the food, but we ate well every day..all day. Drinks..anything you want any time, top shelf.So go  have a great time  let me know what you thought. Or if you have any questions, by all means send me an e-mail I would love to hear from you. PS............when you get there...tell Leo I said hi!!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hatfina
<Content>Paradise except for the food Friends and I stayed at the Palma Real from 5/31-6/5. The place is amazing--truly a paradise. This is the perfect place if you are looking for a place to rest and relax. Though there are several activities available--some free and some for an additional charge, we did not opt to participate in any of them. We spent our days in the unbelievable pool and relaxing in the bali bed or Palapa. You have to secure them EARLY. We were poolside by 7 am, but it was definitely worth it to have the Palapa for the day, and we more than caught up on our sleep in them every day.Our room was amazing! It was a deluxe garden suite that included a kitchen, living room, small dining room, Jacuzzi tub and multi jet shower, and two separate sink/dressing areas. The room also included 2 flat screen tvs, and cd player. Though it was considered a garden view, our balcony had a better view of the ocean than most ocean view rooms appeared to have.Our only complaint was the food. If the food hadn鈥檛 been disappointing, the Palma Real would score a perfect 10 in terms of resorts. The food in the buffet offered a limited variety, and the cold food never cold enough and hot food never hot enough. Even more disappointing were the main dining restaurants. The food was mediocre at best, and each required reservations, though they never appeared to be more than half full. The free wine list was ok, but the wine for purchase options were ridiculously overpriced鈥?x or more than the retail price. The alcohol included mostly call brands and drinks included very generous pours. There is only one real beer choice-Presidente, and Presidente Light. The beer is produced in the Domincan Republic, but it is actually a pretty good pilsner.We did not opt for the Royal Service, and from what we heard from other guests, we weren鈥檛 really missing much. We were also able to evade the concierge tour (read sales pitch for a $25K timeshare), and did not opt for the spa coupons in exchange for sitting through the hour plus pitch.The resort is beautiful and always immaculate. The service was extremely friendly though sometimes slow, and the language barrier caused a few small issues. I would recommend learning a few basic words in Spanish.Overall, aside from the food, the place is amazing and truly is well worth the price.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>GaryTara6107
<Content>Romance Dept/ Kelly Hunt We were just married at the Paradisus Palma Real Resort and Kelly Hunt, the Romance Manager had pulled many strings to make sure our wedding stay was everything you could want in a Romance package and more. When some things fell thru the cracks that she wasn't aware of, she made sure our lastnight would top all the nights in one to make sure we got the memory of a lifetime. She succeeded and for that we were very pleased!Thanks so much Kelly! We appreciate you more than you know!Gary  Tara/ USA  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ftlaudlatinhunk
<Content>A bit of paradise 5/28/07 - 6/1/07.       The pool  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>keywester20
<Content>Loved Palma Real!! If you are having any doubts about booking at this resort, HAVE NO FEAR! The resort is gorgeous, the food is terrific (especially Vento), the staff is wonderful, the rooms are exceptional! If you are looking to relax, swim, eat, drink, and enjoy the heat, this is the place for you! The entire resort feels like a big spa ~ there is soft music playing everywhere and incense burning. You will want for nothing, really. I do, however, have one thing that I need to bring to light. We signed up for horseback riding with our family concierge. The riding trip was at 3:00 and we were told we'd be back by 5:30 (plenty of time for a 6:45 dinner reservation). The bus ride was supposed to be about 20 minutes. The bus was a flat bed truck with some benches in the back (very scary, especially with children). We finally arrived at the riding place nearly an hour later ~ the bus ride went through several populated areas and, if you've ever been to the Caribbean, you know how driving can be (again, scary with kids) - cars passing on the shoulder or within inches of each other; they actually stopped and picked up a girl on the side of the road at one point. Once we arrived, we discovered that the horses are TERRIBLY mistreated ~ their shoes were falling off, they had bites on them, they obviously hadn't been brushed in a very long time, etc. My sister-in-law was raised with horses and my nieces are avid riders so, needless to say, she was more than a little upset about the state of the horses. We decided that we were not going to add to these horses misery and ride them and didn't go on the trip. Unfortunately, because of the distance of the resort, we were unable to get back until the riders returned, so we had to wait for nearly an hour (getting bit by no-see-ums something fierce!!) and then endure the hour ride back on the scary truck. The fortunate thing was they did bump our dinner reservation for us back half an hour so we were able to get to it, but I was just terribly disappointed that we wasted 3 1/2 hours of our 4 days there with this. I plan on letting Sol Melia know because it is horrible the way these horses are being treated.Again, though, besides that, the resort is stupendous. I can't say enough good about it. Unless you have your heart set on riding horses, this is THE place to stay!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>swluv2001
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, horrible food My husband and I were there May 21-28. The hotel indeed is beautiful, couldn't ask for better. We had Royal Service and our check-in was very smooth. We were given a butler and she showed us around before we went up to our room, let's just say that was the last time we saw her. She was supposed to make all of our dinner reservations and pool bed reservations (called a Palapa) by the pool or beach.....we ended up doing all that ourselves. The Royal Service lounge is nice, they have complimentary internet access there and every day at 3pm, they have tea time.....and its air conditioned, which we appreciated because the hotel lobby is open air.Each day we tipped the guy at the pool to reserve our Palapa bed because if you get there after 7am, they are all booked, by tipping he was able to get us a bad each morning. The nicest thing about having Royal Service is having your private pool and beach access...which was kind of nice considering the big groups of foreign people who hung out by the main pool, drinking, smoking, shouting and kids running around yelling. My husband and I were glad for the peace and quiet at the Royal Service Pool. I am a very picky eater, but my husband is not, but this was the only time where both of us could not stand the food. First of all, the buffet is disgusting....the fish was dry and tasteless, the rice and pasta were under cooked and salads were a joke. For a buffet you would expect a bit more selection, but half the time I had to eat desserts because there was nothing else decent to eat. The bread/rolls were probably a week old because they were hard as a rock. There were flies all over the buffet and that made me lose my appetite each time. Since we were Royal Service, we had breakfast at Vento - which is only available to RS guests for breakfast, and lunch. The food was bland. It took them 40 minutes to make scrambled eggs, the bread was from the buffet, which was stale. Dinner was not any better, and we tried all 6 restaurants, the only one we actually enjoyed was Passion (an adult only restaurant).They had theme nights every night, which was a lot of fun. One night they had a Carnival, the next they had Circus....we really enjoyed it.We found that service is really slow...like one traveler said, they can't connect the dots. We were supposed to have a DVD player in our room, and we called the front desk (royal service) to request one.......then we waited...6 hours went by and they finally got us one from an unoccupied room!!!! Seems like if you need something, they take their time and you constantly have to ask and beg before they actually do something for you....I don't call that a very relaxing vacation!!! The safe in our room did not work, we had to wait for 4 hours for a guy to come in and fix it.So needless to say, the great shows, the beautiful beach, the nice hotel decor made up for bad food and service. But, we will probably not come back next year.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>BirthdayinVegas
<Content>Loved The Paradisus       Courtyard Area from Lobby  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lamparter
<Content>Absolute Paradise! Stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real from 4/28/07 - 5/3/07. Was nervous due to some of the other reviews. The Paradisus Palma Reale was absolutely PERFECT!Facility - gorgeous!Check in - 10 minutesFree room upgrade - El Grande suite - This was excellent!Food, I was nervous that I would get sick, but never did. Food was excellent - especially the dinners!Drinks - free flowingService - excellent - we never really waiting for anything.Room - exceptionally clean and cleaned promptly every day.Weather - 85 - 88 degrees every day - great place to get your tan on! PS don't walk on the black sidewalk mid day without shoes - I ended up burning my feet the 2nd day down there because it was so increadibly hot.Pool was very clean, no chlorine to run your bathing suite and the temperature was perfect.Some of the waiters got to know us and when they saw us, the would confirm what we would like to drink and immediately go get it for us.We were treated like a King and a Queen.Stay away from the Time Share people, they will bug you to death.Anyone who would think about complaining about this hotel really must not be able to have a good time. This was the best vacation that we have ever taken! I would go back there in a minute!  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MikeV101
<Content>Beautiful Resort       Bubble Bath  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>chesapeake-7
<Content>The Stay Was Too Short! My husband and I recently returned from the Paradisus Palma Real; we stayed there 5/7 - 5/11. This was our first trip to the Caribbean. If I knew everything would be so great, I would have booked a longer stay. Check-InCheck- in took about 15 minutes. We checked in about 12:45PM so it was quite busy. Our room wasn't ready so we went to lunch. When we returned around 2:30, the room was ready. Once we got to the food, it was very nice. We had a gardenview junior suite with jacuzzi. FoodThe first place I ate was Market Grill. I must say I didn't like it all; I only took a few bites of my food. After lunch there, I thought I was going to starve for the next few days. I must say that things went up from there. The first night we got room service. The service was extremely slow (2 hours). Apparently, I ordered something that no one else has ordered so there was a bit of a language barrier. On night 2, we went to Tepanyaki at Bana. It was delicious! My husband liked it so much, we went back the 3rd night. For lunch we ate at the buffets which were pretty good. I'm a very picky eater, but I was able to find something that I liked. I was worried about getting sick and had plenty of stomach medicine which I did not need. ServiceIf I had to describe the service in one word, I would say excellent. There were no issues getting dinner reservations. At lunch and dinner, all of the waitstaff were very attentive. The water in our glasses never got low and plates were cleared immediately. I would have to say that the service was better than a lot of places I have been to in the U.S. When we first arrived, our safe was not working. I called and someone was there in 15 minutes to fix it. Once it was fixed, we received a follow up call to make sure it was working properly. The same thing happened with our iron which wasn't working. Someone promptly came and brought us another one. One of the things I was nervous about from reading numerous reviews was the service. They have exceptional customer service. The beach and view were gorgeous. Yes there is seaweed, but it didn't spoil anything for me. We didn't do any excursions; we only laid out on the beach and enjoyed the view. The weather was good except for one day when it rained from morning to evening. Everyone at the resort was very friendly and would say hola whenever they saw us. Our vacation concierge was so helpful. She even surprised us with a rose petal bubble bath. Overall we had a great trip. If I had one thing to complain about, it would be the vacation club representatives. We were approached by 3 people within our first 4 hours at the resort. One thing about our vacation concierge is that she did want us to go to the presentation, but she didn't bother us about going for our first 2 days there. She was more focused on making sure we had dinner reservations and didn't need anything else. We did end up going to the presentation, but decided not to join the vacation club. I almost changed the resort based upon reviews I read. After arriving at the Paradisus Palma Real, I was so glad that I didn't change it. I would not hesitate going back. As a matter of fact, my husband and I are already talking about going back next year for 7 nights. We are also looking at other Paradisus resorts. We liked the resort and service so much that if we go to another country, we are going to stay at a Sol Melia property. If anyone has any questions, feel free to ask.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suzieqHartland
<Content>great resort Just got back from Punta Cana stayed at this resort from may11th thru the 18th. we had a great experience at this hotel I really cannot understand the negative reviews about this resort.the grounds are impeccable,the restaurants were fine,the staff couldnot have been nicer or more helpful.No request was ignored or denied and was sought to in a timely fashion.there were 18 of us in town for my niece's wedding and we all agreed that the resort was top notch.My niece had royal service and loved it her butler Jorge was the best he even arranged for my husband to be picked up and driven to La Romana to golf at Teeth of the dog!!which my husband raved about.The bartenders at the pool bar had great personalities Lenin,Damien,Neftaly were very nice and went above and beyond.Joaquin in the lobby bar was terrific and the entertainment staff especially at Gabi beach really did there best to keep things moving.anyone going to this resort who cannot find something to like about this place needs to stay at home!!!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rdreher13
<Content>Loved it...going back there every year. This was a speacial trip for us to celebrate our 20th Anniversary. We worked with the Romance Director, Kelly Hunt for our vow renewal ceremony on the beach. Kelly and her staff made sure every detail was exactly as we asked. The ceremony was an unforgetable experience and it is even more wonderful than I could have hoped for. I highly recommend the Paradisus Palma Real to anyone planning a wedding or vow renewal ceremony.We came home and started planning our next trip. We have stayed at all three Sol-Melia reorts in Punta Cana and the other 2 are very nice but nothing compares to the Paradisus Palma Real. The service is incredible, the rooms are very clean and the food is great. We really got a kick out of the Lobby bar personnel. Jeffrey, Joaquin, Jocelyn and Hector are alot of fun.Take $1's and $5's with you. Tip all service people, they work very hard and they deserve it.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stevelisaj
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Beautiful Service! Date: May 21, 2007My husband and I just returned Friday from the DR and stayed at the Palma Real. Once you enter the beautiful lobby entrance you'll be totally inlove with this place. It is stunning to say the least! We were welcomed with warm friendly smiles and champagne. Then our butler had our luggage already in our room when we checked in. The ride from the airport was only about 20 minutes and was coordinated very well.The pool is absolutely amazing, as well as the pool bar staff. All staff members went out of their way to accomodate our every need. The food is plentiful and delicious, and the drinks there are top shelf! We met so many staff who we consider now our friends for life. The Bana restaurant is the best food we have ever had. At night this place gets even more beautiful , and I didn't think that would be possible. As you walk through the resort you smell aromatherapy candles everywhere. The fountains are works of art. The beach is the most beautiful I have ever seen, even better than the pictures on the website.If you want to have the greatest snorkle trip in your life, book a tour at the Marinarium, about 10 minutes from the resort, and ask for Mr. Sharkey's boat. He and his staff are incredible! What fun we had with them!!This was the best vacation we have had , ever! You will not regret staying here. L. Jackson  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>andrea065
<Content>hotel is terrific My husband and I stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real from May 14th through May 18th. It is a short flight from New York and the hotel is only about 20 minutes from the airport. An ideal spot for a short vacation. I was very nervous about visiting the resort after reading so many negative reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. The resort is beautiful and the people were very nice. We had opted to do the Royal Service. When we arrived I was told that we were upgraded to a one bedroom gardenview suite. My husband and I both felt that while our room was beautiful, by not being in the Royal Service building we did not get to experience the butler service that so many other couples did. Still, the royal service pool/beach staff was fabulous. Galvin and Pedro are great. They work non-stop and always with a smile. You never had to worry about getting a spot near the pool or the beach. They were right there to make sure all was taken care of. I did feel the royal service was worth it for the additional restaurants and amenities that it offers. It was great having free internet access and well as priority treatment for reservations in the restaurants. Especially when all of the conventions are there. I was a little annoyed when we tried to make reservations and was told that the restaurants were booked. That would be fine if it was other guests, but it turned out that Staples was holding a convention and their employees were able to walk into a restaurant and get priority seating. That seemed very unfair to me and I heard many people complaining about it. Once again though, if you made an effort with the people that worked there, they were great. My husband and I tried to get into Passions and were told that they were all booked up. My husband spoke to one of the waitresses there and she said to come back at 8:00 pm and she would get us in. Sure enough, we were sitting at the bar and she came over and told us our table was ready! This was after the Royal Service concierge told us they couldn't help us!!Gabi Beach and Vento were our two favorite restaurants. The buffet is good (usual fare). If you are in Royal service you have other options for lunch. But all in all the food was good to okay. I never had a problem finding something to eat.I agree that the nightlife is very quiet, but it was fine for my husband and I. If you are looking to party, don't go here. It is definitely more romantic and quiet.I heard people comment on the seaweed at the beach. It was strange on the first three days the beach was gorgeous and the water was crystal blue. A storm must have been brewing somewhere at sea because the fourth day the seaweed was awful. You couldnt even swim in the water. Again, no big deal, we just sat by the pool. But if you get there the first day and it is covered in seaweed, don't assume it is like that everyday. Keep checkingAll in all a great vacation. My husband and I both said we would go back. Don't worry about the bad reviews, the place is great  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meme247
<Content>A trip of a Lifetime! It was perfect luxury! This was the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The decor was beautiful, the restaurants had great food (buffets were what you would expect from a buffet). We had the Royal Service Ocean front suite and it was worth the extra money. The service was amazing and we were waited on constantly (tips help of course). The royal service has their own pool, access to certain restaurants that others cannot access, and a better selection of sitting area on the beach.This is not a resort for those looking to be entertained. If you are vacationing to relax and enjoy your loved one this is it! We had massages, enjoyed intimate dinners, we walked on the beach at night and at times we were the only ones out on the beach. Those concerned about the area should not be concerned at all. The hotel was very secure and guards were posted on the beach and throughout the hotel.We can only hope to find something remotely close to this experience for our next trip!We also snorkeled, went to Catalina island, went horseback riding on the beach, kayaked and my boyfriend went on a water plane ride and saw whales. The resort was spotless and as we traveled through different areas to go on excursions we didn't see anything that remotely compared to our resort.We explored up and down the beach and bought a few paintings and jewelry. Bartering with the locals is exhausting, but you can talk down the price on anything.Feel free to ask me any questions.If you are curious, don't wait, book it. Although do be cautious of the seasons!  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>brappppp
<Content>good stuff me an my buddy went for march break (17 years old) and the whole trip was basically a massive party, the first night was a little week but once more kids started showing up it got pretty outta control. the bars were all pretty solid gabbie defiently being the best. the onex disco/bar wasnt terrible, the bartenders here would give us six packs to play flip cup and they got you into some pretty crazy shots/chants and what not. The lobby bar was decent but there was a lotta more adults here, and finally the 24/7 bar was pretty [--]but you only really go there once everything else is closed and by that point you dont really give a [--]. The service at all the bars was amazing the bartenders were a lotta fun and pretty good with tricks and helping you out if you couldnt decide waht to get.The beach was nice, little seeweed in the morning but you barley notice. Theve got out these big queen sized bed mattress things in a ropped off area (very comfertable) that we would pass out at for most of the day ( they may have been for the royal suit people or somethnig but the peopel there didnt really care if we went on them) The Diving was pretty week, ive dove in terks, hawaii, mexico, jamica, cosomell, and a few others and the diving at the resort just wastn great unless your fairly new or just learning.food was tasted amazing and unless you got sick in which case you would dieing to be able to eat but youd know that if you did you would spend the next 30 minutes basically dieing. Defiently get the club sandwitches from the room service they pretty much made my trip.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>omalleymcnally
<Content>Pampered honeymoon in Paradise       Royal Service beach beds  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1principessa1
<Content>Amazing Vacation!!       The beach  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>aNcMac428
<Content>Rocky seas turned smooth sailing We stayed at the Paradisus for our honeymoon from April 30 to May 7. Upon arrival we were told that our room would be ready that afternoon. At 3:00 we had no room, at 5:00 we still had no room. After my husband demanded to speak to a manager, we were told that the room we originally booked (the regal ocean view suite) was not ready. We were shown and offered a garden view master suite that had a full kitchen and dining room but no ocean view. After explaining that we wanted an ocean view and had no need for a kitchen, we waited a little longer and finally at 6:00 were upgraded to an Imperial Romance ocean view suite, which was incredfble. For the first 3 days we were given bottles of champagne in our room along with free shirts and hats. For the rest of our stay the service to our room was great. The food was great for the most part. The Tepanyaki table at Bana was our favorite. Market Grill was good for dinner. The steaks there were great. Passion was good too. We ddin't get a chance to go to Vento but heard that was good as well. The buffets were your typical buffet food. No need to elaborate on it. The weather the entire time was great and we spent a lot of time on the beach and at the pool. The beach is beautiful and the locals do an excellent job of cleaning up the sea grass. The bartenders at the pool bar made excellent mixed drinks. We reccomend the Miami Vice and the Dirty Monkey. We loved the Bali beds at the pool, but a few words of advice, get your towels on the bed you want EARLY (as in 5:00am) We went parasailing and loved it and also went sailing on one of the cat boats. We went deep sea fishing the one day and caught nothing. If you decide you want to do this take motiion sickness pills before!!! We highly reccomend the half day Jurassic Buggy tour. You spend the first half on horse back through a local village and eventually get to a cave filled with natural clear blue water that you can swim in...its really cool! Then you get on all terrain buggies and travel to Macao Beach which is breathtakingly beautiful! Beware, if you don't like to get dirty this is not the excursion for you. My husband and I had a blast though. Overall the people are very pleasant.The vendors can be a little pushy like any Carribean Island, but they are friendly. Watch out for the wooden carvings, some are not real wood but plaster! We found out the hard way after buying one. At the resort the staff was always doing their best to make us comfortable. Room service went out of their way to make my husband chicken soup when he was sick despite it not being on their menu. One day we came back from the beach to find the entire hotel had no running water. It was back in an hour or so, but it was still an inconvenience. Also, don't bother setting your alarm, get a wake up call instead because the power goes out for a little while just about every night at some point. Every night there is an event of some sort, but don't count on it being the entire night's activity. They last a couple of hours. Their night club is fun if you have others with you, but is not busy at all. More nightlife would definitely be a plus at this resort. Overall it was a beautiful, classy resort to go to for our honeymoon and we would reccomend it.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>mandarinforest
<Content>A great great resort inspite of the food Paradisus is terrific. Truly pretty grounds, pools and accomodations. Couldn't be better in that respect. The beach is far nice than most in the Caribbean. It is clearly the cheapest hotel of its type anywhere in the Caribbean. We spent a little more than 500.00 per nite for everything which is unbelievably low! One can see why it is so inexpensive as the food is truly and hopelessly mediocre. And we didn't even mind as everything else make up for it. Breakfast is fine with great omelets and tropical juices etc. Lunch is passable but the dinners are laughingly awful! The actual physical setting of the restaurants, ie. Gabi, Passion, Vento and, the Asian fusion place are pretty and romantic. However the entrees whether they be seafood or meat are just plain abysmal. Not even up to diner status. Steaks that are 80% fat. Overcooked fish without flavor. leeched out veggies, wilted salads.. Good chicken burgers though!The wines are about the worst one could find truly bargaiin bin stuff. But, as I mentioned my wife and I hardly cared as we were so wowed by everything else including the wonderful staff. Drinks all day, free golf and water sports, beautiful lounges and blue ocean water. It was probably better that the food was almost inedible as we didn't get stuffed! If the food was good, it would have cost 200.00 more per day so this was a fine trade off.Don't let that discourage you as I would go back next year. In fact I can't wait.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>shelly179
<Content>Loved that pool! We just arrived back in New Jersey from our vacation at the Paradidsus Palma Real. It was an excellent trip! My husband and I won our trip, but my Mom and Aunt paid for their trip. It was worth every penny! We had adjoining rooms with that marvelous jacuzzi. Nice and roomy with the big shower. The only thing a bit odd was the folding door for a bathroom window? For my husband and I it wasn't a problem, but my Mom didn't like not having complete privacy. The only other problem was that if you needed to call someone, you were greeted in spanish. Once you spoke in english, they would respond in english. Luckily I know a little spanish, but if you spoke none, you may have had a small problem. The resort was so gorgeous that you'd get over that problem. The lobby and sitting areas were airy and well kept and someone was always coming around bringing drinks(the pina coldas were delish)! I loved the decorative statues. The food was great. Not sure why anybody wouldn't like the food. We ate at Passion which had great lobster, but my favorite was the Bana restautant that had the hibachi section where they cook in front of you. Shrimp, scallops and salmon (they also had steak). The seafood is what we live for! My aunt is a vegetarian, but she found plenty to eat. We had room service 1 night because I forgot to make reservations. If you forget, dont worry. Room service was excellent, too! Now the pool was to die for. It was huge with chaise seating built into the pool so you could swim and lie out while partially submerged in the water and you could swim to the jacuzzis. Now thats living! The swim up bar was perfect. You could drink in the pool while under the shade.The beach was gorgeous, too, but there was a lot of seawood in spots.I would return, even if I had to pay. It was first class all the way!  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gerrywendy
<Content>Just like a dumb blonde! My wife and I stayed in an ocean front Royal service suite on April 21 to the 28th.The hotel facilities are beautiful, but the problem begins after that. They say if the head of the fish smell the rest of the fish is rotten, well that truly applies for the service.We asked for coffee delivered at 7:00am every morning, at midnight we would be woken up to find out what time we wanted our coffee. The room was not turned down 4 out of seven nights,when we complaint, we would get a knock on the door at 10:30pm for turn down service, we tipped our buttler $50.00 when we arrived, he would make a reservations in a restaurants that was closed, we would ask for a beach chair reserved on the beach, it would not get done, we would make dinner reservations our name would not appear on the list.They are incapable of connecting the dots. We tipped everyone, we argued, we pleaded, we where nice, we where angry, it doesn't make any difference.We travel to the Carribean once or twice a year and expect mediocre food and service, but this is a total rip off. I supose if you stay drunk or on you're honeymoon and madly in love and stya in your room you wont mind it so much. Unless you are prepared to get aggrevated every single day, do not pass go, do not go to this resort, they are very nice and try hard but their is a complete absence of management and training of the staff. The spa was great we got 12 massages, very very expensive($102.00 for 50 minutes), but worth it!The diving is not on site (10 minute walk to the hotel next door),and unless you are an experienced diver like myself (divemaster) and can take good responsibility for yourself, be very carefull, they handle way too many divers, and violate many safety standards. If you want to dive everyday, better sign up for the week! (even when we signed up for the week , we got bumped two days for stusents and unable to dive($$$ they focus and make extra money on certifications)Vento Gabby, and passion are good, very acceptable for the Carribean.Once again the service was horrible(even if you tip). Do not go to Market grill!!! bad food and worse service.If they fix the service they might get 4 or 5 stars for the Carribean. We are comparing them to: Grand Lido Negril, Sandals Whitehouse and St Lucia, Half Moon Jamaica, St James Antigua, Club Med Columbus Isle , Glitter Bay Barbados, and Anguilla. We are from New York and don't expect service and quality to be similar, but this was completely sub -standard. People that gave this property 5 stars where either very lucky ,drunk ,and accept mediocroty, everyone we met at the hotel mostly from Canada and Europe experienced the exact same issues.SEVERAL MONTHS AGO, ANOTHER REVIEWER WROTEIF I'S NOT TOO LATE GET YOUR MONEY BACK! WE AGREE !  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>jcheslock
<Content>Front Desk needs work! Stayed here April 26th through 30th with a family of 5. Front desk has HORRIBLE customer service. Had reserved Royle Service as well as a different room type. When we arrived, we were told that we did not have Royal Service and that the rooom type we requested was not available (even though we had reservations with proof in our hands.) Also, we had to wait for our rooms even though we arrived after the 3pm check in time. Forwarded us to the Sol Melia club (parents recently spent a large chunk of money to join the Sol Melia travel club for 50 YEARS) who were also less than helpful. My dad even offered to PAY for the upgrade to Royal Service (even though they paid and booked it orignially) and we were told that it was not possible. Otherwise, vacation was lovely. The servers in the restaurants as well as the bartenders are very helpful and really want to make your trip memorable. Passions had great food for an all inclusive as did Vento. Skip the Asian restuarant, the food was horrible. Its a shame that you encounter the front desk when you check in and then again when you check out (numerous problems with the bill upon check out- we almost missed our flight.) because it leaves you with a bad taste in your mouth. Go for the beach and the service you encounter in the restuarants but dont expect anything from the front desk (Not even what you paid for.)  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	5	2	

<Author>mechellebuksar
<Content>PERFECT- DON'T BELIEVE THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS         
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>HappyTraveler0920
<Content>Beautiful Resort! We stayed at the Palma Real for 4 nights, from 4/25 to 4/29, and had a great time! We were very pleased with our room - we reserved the Regal Ocean View Jacuzzi Suite with a king bed. It looked exactly like the pictures on their website, we had a nice view of the ocean from our balcony, and it was close to the pool, which we were happy about (Room 3060). Speaking of the pool, this is where we spent most of our time - they have a lot of beds which are shaded around the pool (definitely need the shade because the sun is SOOO HOT), and these were WONDERFUL! You have to get up very early to reserve yourself one of these beds (unless you have Royal Service, which we did not), but they are worth it. I was down at the pool one day at 7:45 and that was too late - the next day I went down at 6:45 and was able to get a bed. There are plenty of other lounge chairs available around the pool too, and many under shade, so you won't be left without a spot, don't worry. The food at the a la carte restaurants was very good. We also loved the breakfast buffet, but the lunch and dinner buffets left a lot to be desired. My main complaint with these is that the food is basically all room temperature. They have a hard time keeping the hot food hot and cold food cold. By the last day we decided to skip the lunch buffet and order room service (which is also included). This was a very good choice - the pizzas and sandwiches were better than anything you could get at the buffet, and were the right temperature. We found the service to be excellent. They go out of their way to make you happy. My husband speaks a decent amount of Spanish, so that helped tremendously with the language barrier - you should try to learn at least a few words in Spanish, they will appreciate it. Overall, we had a great time - you won't be disappointed with the beauty of this hotel, and you can find ways to get around the buffet issues. I would definitely recommend this resort to friends!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sop78
<Content>Magical Vacation!! Best Resort in the World!! This was the best vacation I have ever had!! The place is amazingly beautiful and romantic. The people are so nice and friendly and take such good care of you! I also read a few iffy reviews, but have NO fear!! My fiance and I have travelled to many all-inclusives all over the carribean and have never experienced anything like this! I knew I had made the right choice all along.ROOMSBeautiful Ocean View Royal Service room. Our Butler Jefferson was amazing! He was so helpful and made our stay so special. He drew us a candlelit bath almost every night with a bottle of champagne waiting on ice. Thank you!! The balcony was my favorite part. I would sit out there at night and listen to the ocean. FOODFar above average. Gabi was my favorite for lunch. We ate there almost every day. Vento was excellent. Passion, Bana, Gabi Market Grill were all very very good too! I ate filet and Lobster every day! I prefer sit down eating to buffet, but we would grab some nachos or guacamole on our way to lunch!One night we did the Dinner Under the Stars And it was worth every penny! (PS - We were engaged that night!!) What a special way to propose!POOLS/OCEANSBeautiful, well kept!! A little seaweed but no big deal. The Bali Bed reservation was what made my trip!! We spent most of our day at the beach. The guys at the pool bar are so helpful. And the espresso bar was the best!BARSGreat drinks, top shelf liquor, free cigs and cigars. I went with high expectations and was not disappointed!I honestly could not say enough wonderful things about this resort. My friends are now going there for their Honeymoon since we bragged so much!! You have to remember you are on vacation! So relax a little! I ordered a bottle of wine, if it was forgotten, I would ask again. So what!! Little things like that didn't bother us. They would bring us 2 bottles of wine if we asked. They will do anything to accomodate you. I carried a small spanish dictionary and it helped when I would leave notes for housekeeping (more ice, new robes..)These people work very hard, and I have never been so pampered in my life. Have no fear! The PPR is AMAZING!!!!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>earthserenity
<Content>Extraordinary value My wife and I vacationed with another couple here for a week this April. We were upgraded as a travel reward to Royal Service and our friends stayed in a regular garden-view room. If you are into elitism and showing off a different color wristband to stand out above the other guests than this type of thing is for you. For us it wasn't at all worth it. The grounds of the hotel, the beach, the pool are as beautiful if not more so than the select Royal service areas. The food is the exact same except with Royal Service we had the privilige of eating indoors for breakfast at Vento as opposed to partaking in the really nice and complete buffet in the open aired restaurant called Naos. After having one Roayl Service breakfast, we chose the regular fare. The restaurant that is free for Royal Service called Gabi is a pay facility for everyone else and is the weakest of the restaurants here so I can't figure out what they were thinking when it was set up this way. If you can upgrade your room to the Royal service local however, these are a bit larger and probably worth the extra bit of change. The price for this hotel is so unbelievably low in comparison to other facilites of equal design and aesthetics that one should never ever complain about the food as I've seen in other reviews. This is NOT the Ritz. Period. So don't expect 3 and 4 stars restaurants. But the restaurants here were fine. Bana is an Asian fusion place. Its not great but it works. Passion is very pretty with adequate food. The equivalent dinner for two in NY would be over 200.00 + tip and tax so this is an excellent value. Vento is teetering on the borderline and next to Gabi, is the weakest eatery here especially if you are used to good Italian or Mediterranean fare. The pasta is generic as is the food. But you get what you pay for and the balance is tipped in the positive direction when you realize that your getting a great vacation for a week under 4500.00. If we were paying 10,000.00 for the week rest assured the restaurant fare would be woefully poor. Come here to do some fun water sports, hang on a beautiful beach, lose some money at a tiny Casino, play some decent golf but don't try to compare this to a more exclusive resort and expect the type of service one gets at a 5 star resort. Its more like a cruise except you don't have to pay for a thing. But if you don't bring your golf clubs expect to pay about 130.00 for a round even though green fees are waved, (club rental 47.00, cart 35.00, balls are a rip off at 18.00 a sleeve and the glove at 25.00 is above market rates) Other than that and scuba or snorkeling trips, you pay for nothing, not even liquor and there were some pretty top shelf items (except the wine which is all lower end $3.99 retail bargain bin stuff). Staff is great, solicitous and nice. Adequate English. The Royal Service was a waste for us as it is an artificial distinction that really doesn't carry with it a whole lot of extras that are worth anything. I suppose if you want to be secreted away in a small pool area with others seeking a status distinction it is worth the extra two hundred bucks or so but even though we had it for free, if we come back, I'd do the regular old generic service which is in the spirit of the all-inclusive nature of this nice resort. All in all a great week away at a ridiculously low price.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	1	3	3	

<Author>LizzyNY
<Content>This place is great!!       View from our room (3077)  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gordochop30inch
<Content>The best vacation ever!! This place is top notch! At first I was a little skeptical because of the reviews but was I proved wrong upon arrival. I think if your mean and snotty then you will have a bad time! The staff was excellent and very friendly. The food was great for an all inclusive resort far above average. The restaurants Bana, Vento, Passion, and The Market Grill are fantastic! The reservation system is a little annoying but when your in the restaurant to see the volume of people you will understand why the reservation system is mandatory. Best advise is as soon as you get to the resort call reservations and reserve the restaurants ahead of time! I don't know what these people that had a horrible time were doing but it's very hard to make these people upset! Tipping is always a good thing! The bars are fun ( Look for Carlos @ the pool bar he makes awesome drinks for the females) Top shelf liquor is always available-Hieneken-El Presednte-No Captain Morgan! When we got there we checked in to our room and it wasn't ready yet-no biggie-we waited and then the front desk called and told us to come down to the front desk. We got to the front desk and they apologized deeply for something so small but then they upgraded us to a Master's Suite. This room was HUGE!! It had like 4 rooms in it and a full sized kitchen.The bed is a high quality memory foam very comfortable. We had a little frog in our room the first night but I had left the door open but remember this place has alot of nature around it. The in room safe is very handy and gives peace of mind. Over all go with good intentions and you will have a great time. We also did the speedboats which were hella-fun!! It was $138 usd for 2 people for 2 hours which included snorkeling excellent excursion. Horseback riding is included but book as soon as you get there just like the restaurants. Breakfast buffet is the best in the world to much to list including 3 omlette stations, fresh fruit, and unlimited bacon and sausage. If you like to eat you will have fun here! There are 2 -32 inch lcd wall mounted televisions with dish network. Room service was very responsive and good fast food. Did not get encountered by any body trying to sell me time shares. I have already made reservations to go back in 2008 and staying in a Master's Suite! Over all this resort exemplified my expectations and I was blown away from the courteous staff. Understand you are in a Spanish speaking country do no expect perfect english language but they try extremely hard to please and serve you. P.S. They tell you not to drink the water so don't but makes you wonder about the ice in the drinks? Well I consumed the cocktails with ice with no problems! The beach is powder soft sand with beautiful blue water. A little seaweed but hey thats nature people! They do a very good job a keeping it maintained as well as the grounds are impeccable! 110% satisfied!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChicaWoo
<Content>Property was beautiful but the service was AWFUL!! My husband and I just returned from a 7 day stay at Palma Real (04/14-04/20) and were disappointed in our experience there. When we arrived and saw the beautiful property we thought that we would have a wonderful relaxing time. The place really is gorgeous BUT the service was terrible... We purchased the Royal Service and had a very nice Ocean Front Jacuzzi suite. Our first problem began when I had to contact the Royal Service lounge 3 different times during our stay because our room was NOT cleaned by the end of the day. We were out of the room by 9 am each morning and when we returned at 3:30 - 4:00pm the room had not been touched. The restaurants and bars did not seem to have enough staff to accomodate the amount of people at the resort. There was only one bartender at the outside beach/pool bars and it took forever to just get a bottle of water let alone a beer or frozen drink. One waiter for the beach - IF they came over to ask if you wanted something it would be a long time before you would see them again. I believe now that the reason for such short staff is there was at least one to two weddings per day and they pulled staff away to accomodate that. If that's the case they should really think about how this will hurt their business in the future. They need more people to keep up with the demand.The food was okay - nothing spectacular. The best dinner we had was at Passions - lobster. I highly recommend it. Lunch was hit or miss with the buffet selections and you were definitely own your own if you needed a drink... Unfortunately we will not be recommending Paradisus Palma Real to anyone due to our experience there. We were very dissapointed and will not be going back. Maybe we just went on a bad week (busy with weddings) because we met quite a few other travelers there and they were having similar issues. We knew then we were NOT ALONE !!!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caroleColorado
<Content>great if you speak spanish and don't mind mediocre food We upgraded to the Royal Service which provides access to a private beach area and private pool, breakfast and lunch at a specific restaurant, a private lounge for check-in/check-out, 24 hours food and a butler to be available to help out. The upgrade cost a lot and I'm not so sure it was totally worth it. Our butler disappeared after the first few hours and wasn't totally helpful. The food, at all but one restaurant, was mediocre at best, and hardly anyone spoke or understood English very well even though they pretended to (they said yes to all requests and then never carried through!) now i know that we were in a foreign country, but this resort caters to americans and you would expect that their employees, especially the ones associated with the royal service, would speak english or at least let on when they didn't understand...overall, the place is just beautiful and we had a wonderful time. Our room was wonderfully appointed, once we got the phone, closet door, safe and shower in working order (it took 2 days to get it all done)and everyone was friendly and helpful, but for the $$$$ I would have expected better food and more competent staff.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>trip602
<Content>Loved it!!!!!!!!!!! We had the pleasure of staying here over Easter. We have been to St. Lucia..Sandals all three, Aruba Wyndham all inclusive plan, Jamaica Grand Lido Negril and Grand Lida Braco, Riviera M. Mexica Aventuras Palace. This resort is the best so far for service, food, room(we had a suite), drinks, entertainment( GREAT dinner on the beach and show) the pool is unbeatable!!! Huge beach some seaweed, so what it's an Island! There is plenty of shade on the beach, by the pool as well under huts. The horseback riding was ok considering where you are at. This is not Europe or the States, off the property it's very poor as every other all inclusive we've been to. We like to relax, swim, eat drink Sun and enjoy good service, this place has all that. I would go back in a heart beat, enjoy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eeh3
<Content>disregard negative reviews i am a cup half full person...typical skeptic. some of the reviews on this site had me very concerned about my pre-paid commitment to this resort. all those concerns went out the window after the first day. this resort is beautiful, well-kept and if you offer the least amount of courtesy to the staff your stay will be unsurpassed. some advice i followed from other reviews that went well...bring some ones...enough to drop about $15 a day. in the big scheme of things this is nothing...i know what you are thinking...i am paying $500 a day!. if you tip your waiters, especially in the main restaurant/buffet, your service will become amazing. the people are very helpful, polite, kind and hard-working. with a little appreciation you will be paid back in kind. another point for parents bringing children...your kids are not that wonderful to the rest of us. keep in mind we are paying $500 a day for our vacations please...we are here for relaxation and peace and quiet. my mistake may have been going during spring break...i was surprised to learn that kids from other countries than the US were just as unruly and undisciplined than americans. nonetheless, as unpleasant as some people's kids were, this experience was still wonderful.don't worry about anything here...if you cannot have a pleasant time here..it may not be possible.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Toneup
<Content>Resort beautiful, Cocatal golf course needs to get a clue. Beautiful resort, No complaints about the Palma Real. I would definatly go back. The Golf course is managed and run poorly.We had tee times at 7:30 4 days last week. There is nothing worse than the 2 women working the front desk to be as rude and unfriendly as they were. The one needs to find a new job.On yes I forgot to mention bring water from your resort or buy water from the caddies before you start playing. They only have 1 beverage cart for 27 holes and we saw him once per round. Totally unexcepable! Make sure you bring enough golf balls. Not that the course is tough but I bought 2 sleeves of balls for $40.00 and a bag of crappy tees for $5.00. The course is in great shape.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TeresaTennessee
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Friendly people. We visited Paradisus Palma Real on Apr. 11-15, 2007. This wasnot the first all-inclusive we have visited but it was one of the best.We did not pay for the Royal Service and everything was great. Our room was beautiful with a sitting room, king size bed, large bathroom with a huge jacuzzi tub, separate shower, flat screen TV, stereo, safe, ironing board  iron and a mini bar. The minibar was always kept stocked with plenty of soft drinks, beer water. There was water in the bathroom to use for brushing yourteeth (They tell you not to drink the tap water). The bed was very comfortable. The food was good with buffets for breakfast and lunch. The other restaurants for dinner was great. Passions was our favorite with the lobster being a great choice. We did nothave time to eat at Bana, but other people we met said it was great. The bars were all good. Everyone was very friendly, the grounds were immaculate w/ lots of shade on the beach. Not alot of shopping, some shops on the beach past the resorts where you can bargain for t-shirts, etc. There is a new shoppingplaza at the main entrance to the resort but there were only about10 shops open so far. They are building a Hard Rock Cafe thereand had already opened the gift shop. We took 2 excursions:Marinarium (great crew but too many people trying to snorkle) Outback Safari (great trip, would do this again - bought greatcoffee  cocoa on this trip - cheap too).  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sredish
<Content>Going home was sooo depressing!            
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>funvun
<Content>Great Vacation My boyfriend and I stayed at the Paradisus from 4/10-4/15.Had a wonderful time. We had an oceanview suite with jacuzzi.It really wasn't an ocean view,but it was closer to the pool and beach areas. I think only the Royal Service suites have real ocean views. The hotel is beautiful. Service was pretty good.No problems.Some tips before u go.Food: For same day reservations, call before 2:00 pm. For next night reservations, call between 6-10. Vento was the best, then Passions,then Market Grill,then  Bana. Vento fills up real fast/so call early. Food was  surprisingly good.Lights are a little complicated. There is a main switch by the bed.It took us a little while to figure it out.Went horseback riding. Takes about 30-40 minutes to get to the ranch. The ride is very bumpy. So if u get car sick easily, ask to ride in the front with the driver. Be sure to tip though. The horses were half-dead. They had no spirit at all except for one that kept kicking whomever was too close to its backside. There were no instructions on controlling the horses.So for first time riders,beware. They also make u put on a helmet for safety reasons;it was kinda gross(pick out the helmet with the least amount of hair).Also went kayaking. No instructions here either. They just put u on the kayak, and u are on your own.Had fun though.The sun is very strong. Be careful. Put on lots of sunblock.Even with SPF 30, I still got a little burnt.One small complaint: we ordered a water/Coke from the beach waitress. Never got it.Casino: Very small. The dealers are not that friendly. Very businesslike. I think they train them to be that way.Nightlife: one club that played American music. Very disappointing. Thought they would play Spanish music.Got bitten a lot. However, did not see any mosquitoes. Probably sand flies. Water in back of the hotel is full of seaweed. However, if u walk a couple of meters either way, the water is beautiful. Very warm.We took daily walks. We were bombarded with salespeople.Overall, had a great time. Still waiting for that Coke......  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravelBecky
<Content>Loved the Palma Real We just returned yesterda from nine days in Punta Cana at the Paradisius Palma Real. I read many reviews prior to the trip, which were mixed, so I was anxious about seeing the resort myself.We had a great trip. The resort and property itself were drop dead gorgeous. Everything was beautifully decorated and the whole thing was new, clean and filled with many outdoor rooms. The gardens, which were all around, were gorgeous too. We loved our room. The weather was amazing every single day. We were also amazed that the resort was sold out while we were there, but never seemed crowded!If you're a pool person, you'll love it here. There are three pools, and the main pool is huge and varied with different places to go. We prefer the beach. Both had alot of covered areas with the covered hut/cabanas. We are divers though, and were disappointed to find out the reef on the beach was dead. So the diving and snorkeling was not very interesting at all. The seaweed was also prevalant and the waters stirred up. We found the service to be excellent and friendly 95% of the time. All of the help is local and most knew little english, but we seemed to work around this. The food was mixed, as many other reviews have said. We found the breakfast and lunch buffets to be great. I would choose the freshly made things rather than buffet items (eg fajitas, stir fry, etc). The dinners were mixed. Passions is definately the best restaurant, but it is adults only (we went one night without our kids). The other one we liked was the hibachi side of Bana (like a Benihanas). Vento was alright. We thought the dinners at the Market Grill and Gabi Beach were not good at all.The only activity we did was to go deep sea fishing. We caught a 6 foot marlin, which was the highlight of my 8 year old son's trip! We heard mixed reviews on the other acitivities, and elected to relax at the beach or pool for the rest of the time. There were also entertainment things going on every night at the resort, and I think many were good. We had younger kids though so didin't make it to most.We'd recommend this resort if you're looking for a relaxing vacation and a beautiful place and you're comfortable staying in your resort most of the trip.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>misshawaiintropic
<Content>what are you complaining about????       Deluxe room (most modest category)  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lesliesusan
<Content>hotel is great, spa was not! We were impressed by the beauty of the paradisius palma real. It was a beautiful resort and run very well. The food, for an all inclusive was good overall, with the exception of Bana. We had the royal service which i would definitely recommend; the staff was very friendly and helpful...we did tip them all week. the beach was beautiful and overall this was a lovely vacation. The one exception for me was the spa. There was a mix up in my reservation time which was ok with me. What was not ok was the poor way i was treated by the spa staff. They did not speak english very well which contributed to my problem..no smiles, no offer to reschedule. When i came back for a massage another day, i was taken to the relaxing room, then taken for my massage. The massage was fine, but there was no music playing in my room and i could hear all of the noises from the pool. it was not relaxing at all! Then, instead of being returned to the relaxing room i was shown to the stairs.The changing room and shower area was too small and the shower was not cleaned between. When i was there, there were 3 women all using the shower one after another, no cleaning. ick! I later found out there is a separate water area with jacuzzi, steam, etc. I was not shown this at all! The spa staff was clearly angry that i had complained about my earlier treatment and took it out on me. After my return home I wrote to solmelia to talk about my poor spa experience and after a short note back to me only addressing the mistake in my earlier reservation I realize they just don't get it..i thought they should have refunded the money i spent on the massage.So, the bottom line is...the resort is lovely, but my spa experience was terrible. Note: my friend had a facial and said it was very rough. The spa needs to be improved dramatically !!!!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>VWLTM
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! My husband and I stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real from 3/29-4/5. I was a little concerned, having had past negative experiences with all inclusives. But, I would definitely go back here! The resort was absolutely beautiful, as all of the reviews indicate. We booked the Imperial Romance Jazuzzi Ocean view suite. It was the size of a small apartment! Had a great living room, separate bedroom, full size jazuzzi. Also, had two separate bathroom areas with sinks and mirrors in both, great for two people trying to get ready. There was a kitchen area and the refrigerator was stocked with water, beer, soda, and juice all week. Flat screen TV's in both the living room and the bedroom. It was extremely comfortable and the whole suite had a very spa like decor and feel. There has been a lot of debate about the service. We found the entire staff, with very few exceptions, to be extremely nice. We had no problems with the service. But, we did tip continuously throughout the week. Some people feel that because it is an all inclusive, you shouldnt have to tip. If you do tip-and it doesnt have to be extravagant-you will be much happier with the service and attention you receive. all the bartenders and waitresses at the pool and lobby bar knew our drinks and our names.The food was very good. The Asian bistro and Vento were fabulous. Passions is ok, but still far above what you would expect from an all inclusive. We did eat at Gabi Beach (which is not included). I recommend it for one night. It was good, but to be honest, Vento was better. The breakfast buffet was great. The 2 lunch buffet was hit or miss, but Market Grill was better than the general buffet at Naos.Our only complaint was that there really wasnt anything to do at night. Other than an 80's themed night at Gabi one night, it was very quiet. Gabi beach is an amazing atmosphere-we were wishing there was music there every night.The lobby bar was open late and that is pretty much where we went after dinner. I think that because there are a lot of families with children, most people are not out in the bars after dinner. I had two wonderful massages in the spa. One of the reasons we chose this hotel was because of the spa and i was not disappointed.this resort was more expensive than any of the others we looked at in Punta Cana, but i have to say it was well worth it. We didnt mind paying for the quality of food, drinks, and services that we received.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>idameh
<Content>Wonderful vacation!!! Just got back from a magical weekend at the Paradisus Palma Real with my husband..... From the moment we arrived we were in awe of such a majestic resort. Being a native of the caribbean, I must say that this is definitely one of the best resorts of the area. Let me begin with the room. The room we were assigned to was 3089, which was in the Royal Service buildings. We did not order Royal Service, and in my opinion it was not necessary. The room was HUGE, with jacuzzi, and stocked mini bar. It was also very close to the pool and ocean, which is a big plus. Most of the time will be spent there. The first day we ate at Naos, which is the buffet restaurant. The food was so so, but typical of buffets. We were not able to get reservations to the other restaurants since we checked in at 3pm. At 6pm you are able to call and make reservations for the following day, which is exactly what we did. The second day we ate at Bana, which is the sushi/teppenyaki restaurant. It was so good!!! They even went out of their way to prepare the exact sushi roll I was requesting. The third night we ate at Passions, which is the adults only restaurant. The food was also very good here. I must say though, the service was excellent in all three. The waiters went out of their way to make the experience a memorable one. The only disappointment was at the disco club. We went to see the decoration, and it was decorated like a lounge that can compete with any NYC lounge. The problem is that it was already midnight, and there was nobody there!!!! It was a total of 10 people inside the club. So if you are a single person looking to meet other single people, this hotel is not the place to be. Since I was there looking for a romantic and relaxing weekend, that is exactly what I found. I had a lot of fun, the service was wonderful, and the decoration is impecable. I will definitely be coming back!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ravenny
<Content>Disappointing Royal Service We have just returned from this hotel and feel the need to alert other travelers that the Royal Service was totally unacceptable and inadequate. Although the staff tried hard it was obvious that they had no clue on how to follow through on any requests. The property was outstanding, the rooms and housekeeping were nice but the bathrooms had no privacy. The food was wonderful. We spent hours on various days trying to get some of the promised services and finally became so frustated that we complained to management. Nothing changed. I would recommend the least expensive room. The gym is too small for the size of this resort and the other offered activities are not adequately staffed. We went on a bicycle ride that was supposed to be 40 minutes but was actually 20 minutes and were then steered into a sales pitch for interval ownership in the Melia resorts. It took hours to check out with Royal Service and they did not credit us with our deposit. We had to remind them about it.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EnosCalgary
<Content>Enjoyed It Very Much! We have recently returned from 7 nights at the Paradisus Palma Real (March 23, 2007). This property is stunningly beautiful. The pictures on the web do it no justice.We arrived on an Air Canada charter and went through airport arrivals with no issues. Transfer from the airport to the hotel was less than 25 minutes. When we arrived at the hotel, the beauty of the lobby and view of the aqua blue ocean took us aback. We have stayed at many properties throughout our travels on many Caribbean Islands, including Sandals, Iberostar and other Paradisus properties. This, by far, was the most beautiful view from a lobby we have ever seen. The hotel is very modern with many modern sculptures, furniture and accessories that are on display throughout the lobby, courtyard and halls of the resort, it is not your typical tropical plants and wicker furniture. The hotel is impeccably clean and very well maintained. The landscaping and gardens are beautiful.Check-in was very smooth. We enjoyed a cold glass of champagne and cervesa while the paperwork was being processed. Much to our surprise, we were upgraded from a standard Garden View Room to a Master Suite. We were thrilled!!After check in, we were greeted by a nice young gentleman whom we thought was a hotel representative however, was in sales with Sol Melia Vacation Properties. He clearly explained everything we wanted to know about the Palma Real and offered to book our dinners for the week at the al a Carte restaurants. We were vacationing with friends and we all knew there was a sales pitch somewhere during the week that he would want us to attend. He held to his commitment of our dinner reservations for the week, however in the end we were not interested in seeing in the 20-90 minute presentation. He was not at all offended and we did reward him monetarily for taking care of our dinner reservations. There were no hard feelings between us and we were treated with his same friendliness everyday after.Our room was very modern, beautiful and spacious. It was equipped with a full size stainless steel fridge, granite counter tops, sink, coffee maker, sit up bar, dining room table, full living room with wall mount plasma television, in-room cd and dvd player. The bedroom had a king size bed, wall mount plasma tv with an adjacent jacuzzi tub for two and a two-sink vanity. There was a second bathroom with a one-sink vanity and large walk-in shower and separate toilet. There was plenty of closet space, in-room safe, iron and ironing board, drawer space and a large balcony off the living/bed room with a partial ocean view. We had a separate closet that was large enough to hold our golf clubs. This room was beautiful 鈥?far beyond anything we have stayed in at other resorts! 鈥?but then it was an upgrade. The fridge was stocked with softdrinks, beer and water daily. We left a nice tip each day for our cleaning lady. Our room was maintained very well. On our last day, I handed her a nice sum of money. She almost cried, she was very thankful. Our friends stayed in the regular Garden View room and it too was one of the nicest we had seen compared to other standard rooms at other resorts. You do not drink the tap water in Punta Cana. Your tour guide will tell you this as soon as you get on the bus. There is ample bottled water at the hotel. You can ask for it at any bar or restaurant. Our room was stocked with 8-10 bottles a day, which we used for consuming, coffee, and brushing our teeth. The hotel cleans all their fruits and vegetables in purified water. None of us got sick.Our first night there, we ate at Naos, which is the main buffet restaurant. We had no issues with the food selection. We enjoyed fresh crab legs, shrimp, fish, chicken, beef, a variety of vegetables, salads, breads, deserts. If you can鈥檛 find anything here, you鈥檙e far too picky! Naos also served full breakfast and lunch, which also offered a good selection at each. The food and service here was always good and the staff was very friendly and attentive. We tipped one to two dollars at each meal. The staff is very appreciative of the extra money they can make. We enjoyed dinner twice each at Passions and Bana and once each at Vento and the Market Grill. The food presentation was very impressive at all the restaurants. The food itself was good. At times, it could have been a bit hotter but overall it was very good. The portion sizes were perfect. By the time we ate an appetizer, entree and desert followed by cappuccino and liqueurs, we were all stuffed. They were VERY generous with the desserts and liquors!! The service at all the restaurants was excellent 鈥?as good as you would get in any normal establishment in North America. The staff was very attentive with the water and wine. Vento鈥檚 had a martini bar with some of the best martini鈥檚 we have ever consumed!! Try the Spicy with the jalapenos in it!! All the bars were stocked with premium brand liquor, Presidente, Heineken and Corona. Doesn鈥檛 get any better than that!Our only complaint about the food would be the Market Grill during lunch, late afternoon and late night . The food was just okay; your typical burgers, fries, paella, chicken, vegetables, salads and anti pasto bar. It seemed that they couldn鈥檛 keep the hot food hot and the cold food cold. It was edible but it could have been better. We also found the service at the Market Grill was very slow.We used room service twice as we were up at 6:30 a.m. on the golfing days. They were very generous with the portions however; you need to be very specific about what you want. Don鈥檛 assume they will send the jam with the toast! It took approx. 25 minutes to arrive so plan ahead.We also used room service to order wine and champagne. Took 15 minutes tops. On two occasions, my husband asked for a bottle of red wine leaving Vento鈥檚 sit-up bar to take back to the room with us. The staff couldn鈥檛 run fast enough to accommodate him. They were all very attentive.There were three large convention groups at the hotel during our stay. These groups never impacted us in any way. We never had to wait for drinks or service 鈥?they seemed to be staffed very well to accommodate all the guests. We never went to the casino and only dropped in on the disco one night. They were playing techno pop music. The place was packed with young girls and it was not our style of music so we didn鈥檛 stick around to long. Most nights we enjoyed ourselves in the outdoor courtyard or in the lobby lounge. The hotel was very busy so it was quite lively at night. We always ate late so we never saw any of the stage shows. The hotel is extremely beautiful at night with the lighting on the pools and pillars and the candles lit everywhere. It is very romantic.We enjoyed three rounds of golf at the Cocotal Golf Course, which is a five-minute shuttle ride away. There are three nine-hole courses that are all very beautiful however; there is a lot of residential along the courses so you need to be a decent golfer to play here. We rang a couple of balls off the side of a couple of houses! We prebooked our golf directly with the course on the web a month before we arrived at the Palma Real. We confirmed our tee times the day we arrived and were happy that they still had our bookings. Carts were mandatory at US$35/per person. We also did the ATV tour; a bit pricy at US$80, a 45 minute drive to and from the hotel, and lots of people selling stuff but it was a good time.We used the gym at the hotel. It was small but it was very well equipped. There was a trainer on sight at all times to assist. We also spent an afternoon at the spa, enjoying a massage in one of the outside caba帽as followed by the hydrotherapy pools. The spa menu and prices were very comparative to anything you would get in North America. The facility itself was first class. No issues here.There were more than enough palapas along the pool and on the beach. We never had a problem getting loungers in the shade. The pool is very large and beautiful. In some of the reviews we read, people complained the pool was too cold. It was perfect. It was a nice welcome to the hot sunny weather. The pool bar was always busy but we never had to wait for drinks 鈥?Julio was the best!! The white sand beach is beautiful and you can walk forever. There was seaweed on the beach but it was cleaned daily. It was also in the water in front of the hotel but you could easily swim to a spot where it was clear. Overall not the best beach for swimming but a great beach for walking.None of us got sick during our stay. We have read many stories of others that were not so lucky. We would recommend this hotel in a heartbeat. It was one of the best vacations spots we have experienced in our travels. We never had language issues, the hotel was stunningly beautiful, lots of palapas on the beach and pool, good choice of food (eating is not our fixation on vacation so we were quite content with the food), and the staff were very friendly, helpful and attentive. What more can we say! Go and enjoy the Paradisus Palma Real in paradise!! Feel free to ask questions!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Yolie
<Content>Paradise...... We stayed at the Palma Real from March 29-April 5. We did not go for Royal Service and dont think we needed it. I was a little worried of my choice, but as soon as I arrived I knew I made the right choice. First we checked in and they upgraded me and one other couple we were with to the Master Suite...Room #3933. I loved it. We had a huge bedroom and we had a sitting area with kitchen.. Housekeeping came everyday to clean and at night to turn down our service...They kept our fridge stocked up everyday. We loved all the restaurants. Never had a complain. Everynight they had something different on the menu for lunch. I would call at 6pm to make reservations for the following night for dinner. Everynight we had a different dinner and had no problems. Vento, Loved the pasta, Passions, the filet Mignon and Lobster. Asian Fusion,We Loved everything on the menu!We even ate at Ventos for breakfast one day because we tipped the waitor from the previous night good and he remembered us. A little hint ....All the waitors that we saw in the restaurant in the morning would be there in the night. The pool was amazing ask for the best bartender in the world...Alexis....He made our trip so much better... The beach was good but when we were there it was a little windy up until 2 days before we left. Other than that It was great. The weather said rain all week. NO RAIN AT ALL.So dont worry about that... I only have one complain. My friend called for them to open up the balcony door and they never showed up. and I called for a DVD player and we never got it.Other than that our vacation was great...We did the horseback riding, Snorkeling, ATV rides, and Parasailing......Cant wait to go back....  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>lesliesdaughter
<Content>Just okay, not stellar! We just came back from a week at the Paradisus Palma Real in Punta Cana. We were there Mar.24-Mar.31'07. We took the Royal Service and our butler was named Jefferson. I went there with a friend I've had for over 35 years. We are two women 42 and 43 years old and were bummed out by the lack of night life. They have a night club that nobody goes to because the music is brutal. I believe this is because they are afraid the casino will suffer. The food was okay at the buffet. We went to Venti, Gabi Beach and Passions. Food was great at all of those. We also went to Venti for lunch (way better than the buffet). There was only spa type music being played by the Royal Service Pool and I at times was tempted to drown myself in order to escape it. We found the staff to be extremely friendly (perhaps the casino could use some injections of happiness) The servers had the same disposition as border patrol. The hotel itself is beautiful and clean. The beach is spectacular. Our room was garden view but we had a perfect ocean scenery.We tipped everyone and believe that helped a lot with service.We are from Toronto, Canada and I spoke no spanish what so ever and had not one problem conveying what I needed. The only problem we encountered was with the French Canadians who we thought were rude. They left garbage around (which I personally cleaned up ). In the casino one of the same group was taking up two seats on the slots (one for her feet), which I guess wouldn't ordinarily be a problem except this is a very small casino. We did meet some lovely people from New Jerseyand spent a nice afternoon chatting with them.I found the hotel to be very large. Last year we went to The Mayan Riviera Riu Palace and I thought that was big. I wouldn't go back to the Palma Real again but I would consider Mexico.Again, not the hotel for nightlife, we actually had to play scrabble one night , which I didn't think I would do on vacation for at least another 25 years.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>stephanistar
<Content>Sat Back and Did Nothing All Week This review is long overdue. My boyfriend and I stayed here last summer. The resort was beautiful! The rooms were very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful.The pool is gorgeous. We loved the little cabanas by the pool. We would head to the beach in the morning and take a nap in the cabana in the afternoon. The staff was never in our face asking if we needed anything every minute, They would leave you alone and let you enjoy your vacation.They had a good variety of restaurants. The staff was a little slow, though.They had some entertainment at night. It was a liitle cheesy at times, but they tried. I loved the dance classes on the beach! The directr was funny and entertaining.The only negatives was the seaweed in the water. It was everywhere. The men come by every other day and bag the seaweed that washes up. But it's impossible to keep the water clean of it. Also I wish there was a veriety of shops. They only had one. Overall, it was one of the best vacations I've taken. We did nothing all week and that's exactly what we were looking for. I highly recommend this hotel to those who are looking for a relaxing vacation. Would definitely go back there!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Moduline
<Content>Royal Service  There has been so much chat about Royal Service I thought I would pass on my thoughts for those of you that are having a problem trying to decide wether it's worth it or not. First of all my wife and I stayed for 1 week in mid Feb and we stayed in a Royal Service Ocean front room, we met some of our friends at the resort and they stayed in a garden jacuzzi room so we have seen both sides. Also we have used Paradisus Royal Service before at the Paradisus Cochal in Costa Rica. Ok first off the resort is new and very , very nice no one should be disapointed if you have reasonable expectations. All the rooms / suites we saw were very nice. Royal Service is great for those who do not want presidential service but like the upgrade of business class. I say this because if you think Paradisus Royal Service is first class you are wrong but here are the advatages.You get a butler, but he really is not available for your beck and call but if you tip up front and have reasonable requests he should be able to keep you happy. Whats a reasonable request?Reserve your bali beds at pool or beach (this is a very very nice option)Make all your dinner / spa / golf reservationsMake sure your mini bar is stocked with your prefence'sMake sure you have fruit, wine etc in your roon when you want itFill your bath for you when you aroma therapyOther advantages to Royal Service, is priority check in and check out, a Royal service lounge with free internet, food and drinks all day, cigars etc. You get to eat at Gabi Beach for dinner and it is very nice, this is free for Royal Service guests only also you can have breakfast and lunch at Vento a very elegant resturant. You get a different color wrist band and the staff identify with your Royal Service wherever you go in the resort. Is Royal Service worth it? For us yes it is, having our own piece of the beach with waiter service and having priority seating at resturants also the adult only factor works for us, but if you think after spending all the extra money on Royal Srevice that your butler will be your servant, and you a movie star and the food any better at the restuarants you will be sorely dissapointed. Here are a few other tips. You must tip if you want good service, the beach has sea grass not sea weed, sea grass is easier to handle in my opinion but it will stop you from going out to far in the ocean. There really is no decent town close by so If your a shopper you may be a bit disappointed, when you are looking at the beach if you walk right down the beach for about 25 minutes you will find a fairly large our door market which has everything,( go past the flying dingy rental center and around the point) there are a few small markets on each side of the resort if your not a walker. We did the jungle safari tour and it was great, we took a duffle bag of basballs, bats and gloves, school supplies, candy and dropped them off at one of the village schools, we paid for this personally and it was really rewarding. Ok now for my close I will discuss the food, the food was fine and we never got sick, some nights were better than others but overall no problems. Just be realistic in your expectations I can assure you that you will never go to bed hungry and if you do thats your fault, Vento was very good, Gabi Beach was good the buffet below average, fast food place was actually not bad for hamburgers and french fries. Gift store really expensive but some nice jewlery so I splurged and bought some. I hope my review helps, this resort is beautiful and the service can be spotty but overall pretty good if you tip. If you have any questions hit me up.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>balance415_123
<Content>Loved the Royal Service Vacationed in Paradises Palma Royal end of February. We were two couples in our early to late 60's . We treated ourselves to the Royal Service and took full advantage of it. Henry our butler(the best person) made sure we had our fridge stocked with beverages we liked. Had our bath filled and ready at 5pm every night with flower peddles around and had fresh fruit and wine waiting. Henry also coordinated with the pool attendant the placement of our huts on the beach. We were served drinks on the beach. The service was wonderful. We found the beach the best and the water was fine. I guess from what I read on the trip advisor everyone has a different experience at the restaurants. What can I say...............the food didn't get us sick. That was a good thing! We didn't go hungry. I would not go to Paradises for the food.As someone said on trip advisor the place is eye candy!!!!!!!!!!!!!Of course as always we requested a king bed months before we arrived. I have no idea why they don't have enough king beds but as usual they only had two beds in a room. They said they would put the two beds together---been there done that-- NO WAY. They gave us a choice change rooms in a day or two or they had a king in an ocean view(which really looked over a garden) we took it . What it came down to was it cost us $700 for a king bed. We were to tired to argue .My husband had a problem with the transportation to and from the golf course. After the first day waiting for the bus for over 45 min he started taking a taxi.I didn't find the Royal Services people helpful. They were respectful but when you had a problem not helpful in resolving it.One last comment. If you are older and have a problem with walking the Royal Service rooms are not for you. The walk to and from the resturants would be a problem.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	3	5	2	5	4	

<Author>cielin28
<Content>Pure Luxury!!!!! My boyfriend and I just returned from a vacation at the Paradisus Palma Real and it was amazing! We stayed there from March 10-18. We booked a garden view (with jacuzzi) suite with royal service, and it was definatly well worth the money. (Don't waste your money in the ocean view suite when you are not in your room most of the time anyway,...splurge for royal service). When you arrive, there is a Private check-in room for royal service, with cold mimosas served. Included in the royal service was your own private pool area with bali bed huts, bar, private beach area, butler service and unlimited free cigars. The royal service area is very nice because it is adults only. The beds must be reserved which your butler will handle...but do not get discouraged if one is not available the day you request it. Everyone is waiting for a bed just like you and your time will come. Aside from 1 day, we had no problem reserving a bed. And remember - your reserved bed is held until 11 am, after that it is up for grabs. The bartenders/servers were very attentive and prompt. Especially Ahmed, Robert, Galvin and Pedro! Always had a smile on their face, and great to chat with. They made the day fun! With royal service, you are also assigned a butler. You may get someone different everyday, because of their schedule, but they always introduce themselves and locate you rather quickly. Jorge and Carlos were our butlers during our stay and they were very professional, attending to our every need They made sure we were comfortable and always checking if we needed anything. Our room was VERY clean, not a insect in sight. Quick tip about the shower door: as you shut it from the inside, you must push it out SLIGHTLY as if to open it, to make sure the closing is tight and secure...if not you will have water all over the floor and out into the hallway. Follow those directions and you'll be fine. Turndown service was provided every evening and our room was always cleaned quickly. I especially liked the inscense burning every evening throughout the hotel as you are walking to your room. The resturants were all wonderful. The food was excellent. Great variety. Alot of americanized dominican food, (which tourists mistake for authentic cultural cuisine of the country, and therefore mock the food assuming it is the menu of the Dominican Republic. You must remember it is geared to tourists) but it was all very, very tasty. Great presentation also. Loved the paella and sangria in the walkway area outside the Gabi-beach resturant. The waiters and staff are all very friendly. There is a store on-site but a bit pricey so make sure you bring the essentials: lotion, shampoo, sunscreen....etc. There was a theme for each of the nights..with music and shows available. The nightclub is a good change of pace, pretty good music, good bartenders. Liked the casino. The grounds are breathtaking, especially at night. There is a photographer available to take pictures on the beach/ lobby area for a very small price. Extremely great pictures! Only purchase the ones you like...there is no sitting fee. They are usually walking around but they have a desk downstairs from the main lobby, across from the tours/transportation desks. As far as the language- there was not much of a barrier, but you are visiting a foreign country, so be respectful and learn some basic spanish words. You are a visitor in THEIR country. Don't expect everyone to know the language you speak. Last tip which is the most important...stay away from the vacation club solicitors! Not hard to spot, they are all always wearing white with the logo on their shirt, and constantly attempting to get your attention. They have no affiliation with the hotel, they are just trying to get you to purchase time sharing. They make it sound like a boat trip to see another island, swim and drink but it is a waste of time! You are on vacation, enjoy the sun. Those 2 hours they promise, actually turn into 4 or 5 of a presurred sales pitch, and you will not get that time back, so stay away! Overall, this was my best vacation ever! Very satisfied and I can't wait to return. Already planning my next vacation to Palma Real!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>momagogo
<Content>No worries-this place rocks! Let me begin by saying that I spent weeks on this website reading reviews and was very freaked out by some of the bad ones. I was very close to cancelling my trip and am so lucky I did not. I feel obligated to write this for all those traveling with children who might be as freaked out as I was. We were 7 people altogether. My husband, three kids (10, 7,4) and my parents.1.As other reviews indicated, the grounds are spectacular. Asthetically, it was on point. The beach seaweed is a non-issue. The sand is like powder. The bali beds (huge queen size mattresses to bask on) are sooo nice. The lobby was so beautifully done and had so many nice places to hang out and sit with a drink! 2.Family consierge is well worth the price. You get a private pool and beach area which is key when guests at the main pool are taking full advantage of the all inclusive alcoholic beverages. Having otherkids at the pool was also great because my kids made friends and had a great time. Also, this family area is not like an overcrowded, loud, club med-ish scene. It was truly relaxing for everyone. My kids even did the Kids Club when the activities were appealing.Lydin, our consierge took care of all of our dinner reservations, restocked our fridge, made our spa appointments, booked parasailing and snorkeling and reserved our spots on the beach and by the pool. Basically I told her what we wanted to do and she took care of it. This made my life as the appointed cruise director a sinch! It also alleviated all of my anxiety about the funky reservation system!The rooms in this area were ok. Not the most luxurious, but clean and adequate. We had the Master bedroom suite with a connecting junior suite. NO, there were no bed bugs or any other crawling creatures. There were a few mosquitos, but this was due to the fact that we left our balcony door open alot. The humidity in the rooms is very high-everything from our clothes to our money was a little damp. This is not unlike other tropical areas. The room was cleaned,without fail, twice a day. Fresh towels in the room and at the pool were plentiful.3.I went into this place with the expectation that the food would be horrible and that I would maybe even lose a few pounds I feared for my kids and packed tons of snacks from home as well as meal replacement bars. The food was GOOD. Yes, there were a few soggy fries here and there and the pizza was not like back home, but my kids (and unfortunately I) ate like pigs. There were many kid friendly choices (hotdogs, nuggets, burgers, plain chicken, steak). And YES-they would grill anything I wanted- fresh. No need to dig to the bottom of the dish.I also feared we would all get sick. I came with an arsenal of medications (still would pack the basics just in case). I ate salad every day. My kids ate fresh fruit and my dad even brushed his teeth with the water every day! No one was sick-at all.The restaurants were good. The buffet was probably the best for the kids because of the variety and speed of service. Gabi beach restaurant was good, but SLOW. This is totally fine without kids in tow. Vento was also good and a bit more speedy. The only one we weren't crazy about was Bana. My husband and I did go to the adult only restaurant, Passion. The food was good, but ironically the speed of the meal was like a White Castle drive through. I guess they like to move you along to free up more tables.4.The service was great. We did tip at every turn, which doesn't hurt. These people work so hard for so little I had no problem with this. I had a problem in my room with the DVD player. There was someone there to fix it within 15 minutes.5.If you have visited [----] or [----] and noticed that the forcast for your entire vacation was rainy DO NOT FREAK. We had rain (late at night) and a few clouds which actually felt good. For kids, I highly recommend those UV shirts. The sun is very strong. The adults got savagely tan. If you are not tanorexic like us, there are plenty of lovely shady spots!6. Everyone we encountered on the resort spoke English. My guess is if you are rude etc., they mysteriously forget how to speak it. Thisis just my feeling. The housekeeping staff were the only ones who had difficulty with the language . In conclusion, we had a fantasitc experience at this place. We woke up everyday and pondered thoses bad reviews. Our only regret was leaving. My kids are already begging for a return visit.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dry1223
<Content>Great vacation but watch out for Sol Melia reps! My husband and I just returned from Spring Break with our 9 year old daughter. We had a great time overall. We were expecting the worst given many of the past reviews but we were pleasantly surprised. The only negative part of our vacation was having to deal with the Sol Melia vacation club reps who hounded us. We seemed to have fit a white-collar profile of vacationers that they wanted. As soon as we arrived, we were approached by a rep who wanted us to have a meeting the next day with someone who would tell us more about the hotel. We were suspicious that this involved some time share deal so we skipped it. During the next few days, she and another rep asked us why we didn't show up and tried to give us a guilt trip. These were all classic hard sell tactics like you'd get from a used car dealer. Then another rep became friendly with us. We asked him to tell the first rep to stop bugging us. Midday through the week, we agreed to meet with him for 10 minutes so that he could get credit for giving us the vacation club spiel and to get all the other reps off our backs. But when we showed up, he passed us off to a salesman and the wheels of deception continued spinning. When we didn't want to stay for the hour-long presentation, he became nasty and defensive. After declining their vacation club offer, we were essentially blackballed by the rest of the reps because we didn't cooperate. The only good thing was that we got $100 to spend at the gift shop for putting up with these sales schmucks. They used us so we used them in return. So, my advice is to avoid these people like the plague and don't get sucked into their little game. You've paid too much money to be hounded.Anyway, aside from the above, we loved the place. We had no problem checking in. We were upgraded to the master suites (which after our Sol Melia fiasco, we thought was probably a ploy to get us to buy into the vacation club). Our suite was very beautiful with two rooms, two flat screen tvs, bathrobes and slippers, a jacuzzi tub and a kitchenette. The room did have a musty smell because of the humidity. I'm still trying to get the smell out of our clothes since we've been home. We were well supplied with bottles of water, sodas and beer for the fridge and water to brush our teeth every day. We were worried about bed bugs but didn't have any problems at all. I even inspected the mattresses. When we needed sheets and pillows for the sofa bed, the maid provided them to us within a few hours. We all slept great and enjoyed the great water pressure in the shower. The tv was supposed to get more channels than it did but we were fine with a few.The pool was huge and just the right temperature. It is mostly 4 1/2 feet deep so our daughter had to use a float (which only cost $11 in gift shop) to get around. The only shallow end was the kids' area which was laughable to be called that. Lounge chairs were easily found, even if you didn't reserve them in the morning but I would still recommend putting some towels down before breakfast. The other great aspect was the bali beds. Be sure to snag one at least for one day. We enjoyed reading and sleeping on these. We definitely felt like we were on vacation when we were on them! Because of the breeze, we were never hot. The pool also has a water bar and tiled chairs in the pool to keep you cool. It got pretty loud around the bar with the convention guests.We didn't go to the beach very much except to play frisbee and walk. The sand is white and soft but the water has not a little but a lot of seaweed. Seaweed is cleared every morning but it's not the clear blue water like Turks and Caicos. There are plenty of chairs under umbrellas available.The food was definitely better than we expected. We ate at the Market Grill, Agave, Bana bistro and Vento. We enjoyed the fresh paella in the afternoon at the grill. The buffet at Agave had great desserts and freshly cooked steaks and seafood. We avoided the salads and unpeeled fruits. Bana is very peaceful and quiet while Vento is more lively. My daughter didn't participate in the kids club but there is a small game room open with video games. She also learned to dance with the activities instructors. She and I went horsebackriding one day. We were told that she could only go with the kids club on Wednesday but we took a chance for her to go with me. It turned out that there were four others kids. We rode on the Macao Beach for about 45 minutes. The guides were very patient with the kids who were first-time riders. The only downside was their trying to get us to buy $40 DVDS of our excursion with our personal photos on the front. I would definitely recommend to go riding.We found the service to be excellent. The maids were always smiling and said hello. The waiters were prompt with getting us water and clearing our plates. We planned on tipping a lot to better service but it didn't seem necessary as much as we thought. It definitely helps to know some Spanish but we had fun trying to communicate with the Dominicans.The prices at the gift shop are high. We went shopping at the Paradisus shopping village. Not all of the stores are filled but it's definitely worth browsing. There is also a pharmacy if you need any meds. The pharmacist was very helpful and spoke English.My family did not get sick during the trip. There was plenty of bottled water everywhere. We also started Culturelle during the trip and brought Immodium just in case. Overall, we had a great time. We would even consider going back if it weren't for the vacation club hounders. It's a shame that they've let their greed almost ruin such a beautiful resort. Just know they are there and don't fall for their tricks.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Gimm
<Content>Paradisus is good, not great I stayed from march 18-25 with my wife, infant child and sister-in-law. Our flight was cancelled on the way down and the hotel was convienient in extending our stay an extra day. Our intial experience was good, especially since we received an upgrade to a master suite from a normal room with a tip to someone at the front desk. Other positives were an amazing pool, ample supply and selection of drinks, good beach and consistenly great weather in the mid to upper 80s. The staff was friendly towards our baby and the room was great with a big fridge and more than enough living space. The food selection during breakfast and lunch was pretty good (although euro infuenced), but it does get very repetitive. The dinner choices are pretty weak and left us wanting real food by the end of our trip. We did venture off the site 3 times for dinner to Jellyfish, Capitan Cook and Tony Roma's. All unique experiences, only Jellyfish would come recommended, but you need to remember where you are when you leave the hotel and always take a taxi. The negatives for the hotel were the same food over and over without any creativity unless imagined by the eater (ex. creating your own fajita or salads), you must get up early to snag a bali bed (and they r worth it) and you are in a what seems like a third-world country. The last day right before we left while we were at breakfast for 30 minutes my cell phone was stolen from my room. Given it was our last day and how short of a time we were gone, it's clear that it was an inside job. Bottom-line enjoy the weather and the hotel itself (its beautiful), protect your stuff and be careful. I will NOT be going back.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	3	5	2	1	

<Author>MM_in_Naz
<Content>We'd do it again!       Paradisus Palma Real Beach  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>workpays4travel
<Content>Great resort destination... As a fan of all-inclusives this one ranks right in the upper quartile for resorts. First, let's get it out of the way, the food was good but not great but then again that is what you should expect from an all-inclusive resort. The Market Grill seemed to have the best choices and freshest food, IMHO. If you are looking to compare this to sit down meals at a pay per setting restaurant you are fooling yourself about why you came to an all-inclusive in the first place. One night we did go off-resort (10 minute beach walk, 20 minute taxi ride due to bad roads) to Jellyfish. This was quite possiblby the best seafood dinner I have ever had. It was fresh, grilled and amazing. Second, the rooms were outstanding. Each came with a jacuzzi and were spotless. The bathrooms (which gave us some ideas on our home remodel) were spacious. They were a little too open if you were going with someone less familiar but other than that they were great. Third, the spa was top notch. It was clean, had nice music and very nice fragrances (I typically hate smells). A spa service gets you in to the water therapy room where you can spend a whole day just getting energized. We experienced a massage, wrap, and mani/pedicure. All services were great. Fourth, the included activities were hard to find and it did seem like they tried to discourage you from using them. Unlike similar Mexican resorts the equipment for snorkeling seemed old and tired.Last, service was up and down but mostly up. The bars all had excellent service. The bartenders all spoke english and some were pretty impressive with the tricks. The waitstaff was excellent as well. The best word for it would be attentive. The front desk and maintenance staff were first class as well. We had an issue with our air conditioning and there was a person there within five minutes and then two follow up calls from the front desk to see if everything was still okay. That sums up the upside. The downside was on the taxistand and casino staff. There is included golf but the ONE bus to go 1/4 mile only comes once every half hour. Other resorts we have been at have had golf carts to get you to the other surroundings. That was not offered there but only if you wanted to pay. The casino had some of the rudest dealers that did everything they could to not help you. In fact, every time it seemed somebody was winning be it on a slot or table (no craps...boooo) either the machine was shut down or the table was turned over to a dealer who was even more rude. All in all it was a beautiful resort with pretty good service and expected quality food. I would rank it among the better all-inclusives with the potential for much more.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>launico
<Content>Gorgeous  I went with my boyfriend and another couple for 5 nights. We chose to do the Royal Service, which I DEFINITELY recommend! Upon arriving at the hotel, we were escorted to the air conditioned Royal Service lounge where we were seated and given Momosa's. Our friends checked in perfectly, but for my boyfriend and I, they seemed to have lost our reservation in their system. Thank goodness I brought all my backup paperwork to prove we paid in advance. Finally they squeezed us into a room (which was well deserved anyway). It takes a really long time for the rooms to be ready for checkin so bring a bathing suit in your carry on. When they finally brought us to our room our friends were good to go, but our messed up room had two beds instead of one. I was very upset because they lost our reservation and it was the hotel's fault. They said it was a very busy week and they wouldn't have a new room for us until 2 nights later. So, I explained to my butler, Miguel (who is amazing), about the situation and he sent housekeeping in to push the beds together so we ended up having one gigantic bed which turned out to be fine. For the rest of the vacation, I would have to say everything was excellent. I highly recommend bringing at least $200 in tips. The staff appreciate it and deserve it. We would leave a tip for basically everyone everywhere we went and we would get phenomenal service. Everyone is so friendly and polite. The rest of our vaction was great. We relaxed, drank tropical drinks throughout the day (Dirty Monkeys, Pina Coladas, and their famous Pineaple drink), swam in the Royal Service pool, and ate out at a different resturaunt everynight. I would book all your reservations with your butler as soon as you get there so you don't have to fight for a reservation later in the week. They are very strict when it comes to reservations so beware! To sum this up, tip generously, lay out on the palapas (beds) outside, swim or lay out in the water, drink as many specialty drinks, definitely get a couples massage in the outdoor huts, and basiaclly relax. The only thing is that you should not expect a crazy nightlife b/c the casino is severly small and noone is ever really in the club. We were all basically in bed at around 1 AM everynight. If you have any questions...please do not hesitate to ask. Enjoy your vacation and wear lots of sunscreen b/c the sun is extremely strong (weather was amazing)!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>christinekelleher
<Content>Loved it but a few tips The resort was beautiful. The pictures we took look like a postcard. There was alittle seaweed in the water, but nothing to complain about. Royal Service is the way to go, let your balls hang out and relax alitle. Other than that, they continously want tips. The men there are gross, beware if you are pretty and have a nice butt, you will be gawked at like they have never seen a woman before. I'm not just talking the locals but the tourists as well. It was ridiculous. Overall, a beautiful resort.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WinterCalgary
<Content>Paradisus is Paradise My husband and I stayed at the Paradisus from Mar 2,2007-Mar 16,2007 When booking this trip we decided to book in the Royal Service section of the hotel. After reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, both good and bad, we went with a open mind.We go to the Caribbean every year for 2 weeks in a al inclusive resort, and have had many experience's.From the time we arrived at the Paradisus (the view was unbelievable) from the front of the hotel, to the day that we left, we were so pleased to of picked this resort.The young lady who checked us in at the Service Royal still remembered our names 8 days later, very impressive due to the fact that she must of seen a hundred other people in that time frame.The resort was very clean, we never saw a unwanted guest in our room. The grounds were very well maintained, the staff were always working on them.Yes, there was seaweed on the beach however the staff were out there every morning at 6:30AM raking and bagging it, people please try to remember that you are on the ocean, and there will be seaweed.Some people have written in stating that the food, was not up to par, however, we went to every restaurant , buffet, grill at least 2-3 times in a 2 week period. If you could not find anything to temp your taste buds then you are just to picky. The black Angus fillet at Passions was awesome, and trust me we know our beef!!The Royal Service was everything we wanted, and were glad we upgraded this package. We requested a oceanfront room and that is exactly what we got, room #3115, the view was spectacular.The private beach area, bali beds, separate bar, and the well spoken staff, in the Royal Service area, let alone all the other perks that go with it, where well worth the extra cost.Jefferson who was our main butler, was always attentive to both of us either asking us were we would like to eat tonight, pillow service, bubble baths (awesome, Thank you Jefferson), horse back riding along the ocean, or did we need anything else. His easy manner, quick smile, and detialed service was always appreciated.GREAT GREAT job JEFFERSONMaria was also our butler, along with Jorge (Head Butler) when Jefferson was on another shift, or days off, both Maria and Jorge, are truly, professional, warm hearted, eager to please, and a joy to be around. A special thank you to Maria on her last day before days off the the chilled bottle of champange in our room, and the note. Jorge, you have a truly hard job, in seeing that not only the butlers under you are successful, but that the clients are always happy. A very special thank you for the chocolate cake in our room, and the red rose you gave to me. A GREAT GREAT job to both Maria and Jorge.Jaun at the Royal Service bar, thank you for making me surprise drinks, when asked, and also for getting the cigars my husband wanted. We hope you enjoyed your 5 days off with your family.Galvin, Amed, Pedro what can we say, you guys are the greatest, from reserving our bali bed #9, to getting us drinks, towels, and conversation. You are all amazing workers, with a ready smile, a laugh a joke and you do this with everyone. Many Many thanks for making our stay even better.This hotel is by far one of the nicest ones we have stayed at, and we always stay at 5star, It is clean, food is good, staff even better right down to the cleaners, maintenance workers, who have the least thankless job, to the check in staff, butlers, bartenders, and servers on the beach. We have already discussed it and have decided to go back to the Paradisus March 2008.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>doctorjMassachusetts
<Content>Sol Melia Timeshare Woes During a recent stay at the Paradisus Palma Real, my wife and I were repeatedly hounded by hotel employees attempting to get us to purchase a timeshare. We agreed to a twenty minute breakfast orientation. Well, three wasted vacation hours later, and after exposure to probably the best salespeople on the planet, we emerged as owners of a timeshare. We got a special $10K discount to buy on-site that would not be available if we waited until we got home. We felt ok with this, as we had a five business day opt-out clause in the contract. On arriving home, we got very cold feet and exercised our opt-out clause within the five days (luckily, we made our purchase at the end of our week!). One month later, we have yet to have a refund of our deposit or any acknowledgement of the dissolution of our contract - only a recent bill for the balance. E-mails to Sol Melia Vacation Club go unanswered. For the world's largest resort chain, I find this reprehensible, dishonest, and perhaps criminal.The property itself is nice, although the beach has quite a lot of seaweed on shore. I find the manner in which the seaweed is removed quite illustrative. Every day, a small army of native men in green uniforms rakes up the seaweed into a long line. Then, the same men scoop the seaweed into burlap sacks. Finally, a truck comes along and a crew removes the sacks. The whole process takes a good four to five hours, all the way down the beach, and finally concludes just after noon. Surely, if the hotel had to pay these poor individuals a reasonable wage, or was interested in having the beach fully available to its guests for the guests鈥?entire day, they would invest in a more efficient way of doing this, such as a tractor!The food is pretty good for all-inclusive. There are several 鈥渞eservation only鈥?restaurants on the site as well, which were good, but not something you would want to pay extra for. One night, my wife and I had reservations at one of these restaurants. The name escapes me, but you can鈥檛 miss it 鈥?it was decorated with about 2000 red, glass bottles in the shape of hearts. It is their romantic rendezvous restaurant. I wanted to get a nice bottle of red wine for the meal, even if I had to pay extra for it. When I was presented with the 鈥渁la carte鈥?wine list, I had to laugh. It had about twenty selections on it, mostly Gallo鈥檚, Fetzer鈥檚, and cheap boujeaulais. But what made me laugh was the price these normally five to ten dollar bottles were being offered at 鈥?average $60 to $80 dollars a bottle! I guess if you set the price high enough, even a rhinestone can become a diamond!Our particular room was a ground floor room that was plagued by mosquitoes and cockroaches. The construction of these rooms is amazingly cheap and shoddy, and on two days during which it rained very heavily, we found the floor of our bed-room soaked due to a closed, but poorly sealed window that had leaked. One of the two sliding doors separating our room from the area where the children slept would not slide, and was not fixed during our stay, despite our request. But the best part was the huge handprint smudge on the bathroom wall, probably left there from construction days. Every time I went to the restroom, I would swat mosquitoes, stare at that handprint, and ponder just how these places get the star ratings they do. Do they buy them?In conclusion, this is indeed a nice hotel, but is certainly not what I would call a luxury resort by any means. As for the Sol Melia Vacation Club people鈥?either be rude or lie, whatever it takes, to get them to leave you alone!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elarondy
<Content>Great place for a relaxing break GeneralOverall a very pleasant resort. An above average all-inclusive but not an exclusive. StaffIn our experience the staff were friendly if rather young and inexperienced and a bit over stretched. As in any place, some were friendlier than others but most were helpful and always said hello and smiled (maybe those that didn't get such a response should have tried smiling and saying hello first!).RoomsWe didn't go for Royal Service but we had a beautiful suite, large, clean, spacious (kitchen, dining area, sitting area, two bathrooms, two flat screen tv's and a large bedroom) with regular turndown service every evening.Royal ServiceWe considered upgrading to the Royal Service but didn't bother - we were only staying for 5 days of beach and sea and sun so we didn't feel the premium was worth it - and after hearing stories from people at the resort we are glad we didn't waste the money. At the end of the day, the rooms, the beach, the food and the restaurants are all the same. If being escorted to your room by a 'butler' and having your name on a beach lounger and a place reserved at the smaller pool is important for you then go ahead. Personally we were pleased we chose to spend the money on upgrading our room to an Ocean view suite rather than upgrading the service.Family ConciergeI would say that the Family Concierge service was probably worth it if you have kids as they got a nice pool away from the main pool with the bar, which could get rowdy at times. (NOTE: One of the drawbacks I find of staying at an all-inclusive is that some guests tend to be intent on getting their money's worth by drinking every inclusive dollar and they are usually to be found at the swim-up pool bar from early morning to late evening downing drinks with plastic umbrellas! Don't get stressed - leave them to it and head for the beautiful beach and enjoy the cooling sea breezes and warm caribean water!)Restaurants/FoodI would agree with the comments about the reservation system - it did seem ridiculous that you only had a small window of opportunity to reserve a restaruant which was included in the price. And the 'maitre de' at the front of the two more exclusive restaurants obviously had aspirations to higher things and came across as very arrogant and dismissive if you tried to get a table without a reservation. And there were empty tables. But we managed to eat at all the restaurants and truthfully the food was fine if not outstanding. Breakfast and lunch buffet were fine - but again - this is an 'inclusive' resort not an 'exclusive' - don't expect the Four Seasons!Additional infoThe resort is used for corporate functions and events and they put a strain on the staff and resources as well as taking away some of the feeling of being in an 'exclusive' resort and feeling instead that you are in a Marriott or a Hyatt or one of the other big corporate hotel chains. RecommendationsFor a short break away from the misery of ice rain and snow I would definitely go again.Forget Royal Service, upgrade the room instead and don't stress about getting the best table or the best sun lounger or the best cabana - you are in paradise - enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dfCt
<Content>thought it was going to be the ritz yet it fizzed! we went during presidents week with our 2 kids(3 rd graders)first comment- if it rains your in trouble. nothing to do at the hotel periodi just read the march 7th article and agree with several points:restaurant system is horrible- good luck getting in to the good restauarants and yet there are empty seats?rooms are oktrays of food were laying in the halls for days!turn down service was horrible!we did the concierge service which was a waste.the hotel wasnt prepared for an entourage of people during the biggest vacation week.the hotel itself is beautiful but doesnt make up for the lack of servicemy biggest disappointment was that when i expressed my frustration to management they countered all my points as a defense instead of realizing that they werent prepared for heavy crowds yet. off the record the staff will tell you if you ask!my travel agent(deals with high end properties ) has heard this from many families and took them of there property list.too bad. its a 50/50 bet when you go there. we will never go back . the Ritz knows how to treat customers and would never make a customer feel bad for vocalizing poor servicespend your $ elswhere  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>swissmiss
<Content>I have to agree This is not a five star resort. The facilities, in general, are lovely. Notable exceptions: the bathrooms. I too was locked in a stall at one of the beach bathrooms. While the spa was nice, and I got a great manicure that lasted forever, there was strange odor in the serenity masks that they used, and no music or there diversion during the massage ( in fact, bright lights shining for the duration - not very relaxing). As everyone else has stated, the food is mediocre at best. Worst of all was the inability to communicate with the staff. While we found everyone very nice, and pleasant, they did not understand or speak english very well. We even had trouble in French and in Spanish. We were often told only what the staff person knew - whether or not it related to our question- or what that person thought we wanted to hear. No one seems to be in charge of the included activities, and during the week that we were there I saw no fewer that 3 separate and very different schedules. We missed snorkling 3 days in a row due to faulty information. We went on the two hour horseback riding tour that actually took 3 1/2 hours., etc. etc.The weather was great, the beach was nice, the drinks were fine as long you explained in minute detail what you wanted and provided the bar you were at happened to have your beverage of choice - but it's not a 5 star resort. Too bad.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>illstl
<Content>Wonderful I read all of the trip advisor reviews prior to booking trip and though a bit nervous, still seemed like best resort in DR so went ahead and booked and am SO glad I did. We went the first week in March and my husband and I had a wonderful time. Facilities (especially the pool) are beautiful. Other than the first night there, never had a problem making dinner reservations (we did not do Royal Service and do not regret not doing so), and while food admittedly was not 5 star, was still very good. Staff is wonderful. Word to the wise--even though no tips required, take some $1s and $5s. This is a very poor country and the money goes very far in service. Believe me, the staff will go out of their way for you in return! I was quite frankly horrified and embarrased by how cheap (and rude!) many of the guests were. Are a few dollars as a thank you for an afternoon full of wonderful drinks and entertainment at the pool bar or great service at dinner too much to ask??? My advise--book your trip, be realistic about where you are going, relax, and have fun! I cannot wait to return!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eightisen0ugh
<Content>FABULOUS!!!!!       The gardens  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sonicu4ia
<Content>amazing pool       the beach  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luxluv
<Content>Barely Edible My husband and I have stayed at other Leading Hotels of The World and were excited to have another wonderful experience. The Paradisus Palma Real is a gorgeous resort where no expense seems to have been spared on the decor and the beautiful grounds. However, the main flaws of the resort are in its commitment to serving its guests and to providing food that matches with the level of hotel you believe you are staying at. We booked a regular garden view suite and due to this could not get a dinner reservation other than a 9:45pm time slot. Apparently the Royal Service guests get top priority for dinner time. We tried on a couple of occasions to show up for dinner a little earlier and see if any tables were available and even though we were the only guests waiting and multiple tables were not in use they made us wait at the bar until our 9:45pm reservation time. The workers at this resort could really care less about the guests and making them happy or providing an enjoyable experience. I don't consider myself to be a picky eater but do want my food to be fresh and served at the appropriate temperature and this was definitely not happening. The buffet style restaurants had flies all over the food, they served green tomato slices and white watermelon, the nacho cheese was kept in a chafer but was cold and the hamburgers were not grilled up to order but cooked ahead of time and kept in a chafer as well so they were dry and barely warm.This food would be acceptable for a hospital cafeteria but not a high end resort so this was very disappointing and for the price of this resort it didn't make any sense. I will not recommend that anyone I know go to this resort unless they pack lots of snacks and just plan to drink their vacation away.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	2	1	2	

<Author>dpim
<Content>Looks aren't everything and that's all this place has My husband and I, along with another couple, stayed at the Paradisus for 4 nights from 2/28-3/4. Everything other reviewers have said about this hotel's appearance is accurate. The grounds are immaculate, the decor is beautiful, the restaurants are decorated well, the pool is amazing, the beach is great...clearly they have put a lot of money and effort into getting this part of the property right. However there are some major, MAJOR issues with this place that I think others have touched but I feel really need to be elaborated on. Particularly at this price level, these things are just unacceptable I think.#1: The system they have in place for dinner reservations is absolutely absurd. There are 4 beautiful restaurants at the resort, all of which require reservations to eat at. That wouldn't be so bad except you can only make reservations for that day from 9 am - 2 pm and for the next day from 6 pm - 9 pm. If you are arriving at the resort after 2 pm on the day you check-in (as we and many others were) you are out of luck for a dinner reservation on your first night. They will direct you to their dinner buffet which is little more then a taco bar but you can not eat the restaurant, end of story. Our walk to the buffet took us by all the restaurants where we saw at least 4 tables open at each but they WILL NOT make any exceptions, even when we explained we didn't have the opportunity to make the reservation for that night because we'd only arrived at 5 pm AND that they clearly had room for a party of 4 at one of their open tables. This would be annoying anywhere but it's particularly infuriating when you're at an all inclusive resort and have already paid for dinner but their silly system won't allow you to eat where you want! At 6 pm (the first available time to make reservations for the next night), we thought we'd figured out the system and got on the phone to make our reservation for our second night. Somehow, even at 6 pm, the only time they had available for us was 9:45!!!! When we challenged them on how and why this was possible, they just said that's all that's available...no effort to help at all. You are explicity told in your check-in materials that you can only make reservations 1 day in advance but even then we couldn't eat until almost 10 pm?!?! We eventually figured out that they were allowing people to make reservations 2 and 3 days in advance (not what the information they provide when you check in says) so the first night we could get a reservation that was NOT 9:45 was our 3rd night at the resort. Who wants to deal with such hassle when they are supposed to be relaxing on vacation? #2: As you can see, their staff is not very helpful. They seem more hasseled then anything when you address them with a question. We even had a Spanish speaker in our group and that didn't help. With a few exceptions most really couldn't be bothered with explaining why or what something was or even just smiling and saying hello when you pass them in the hall. Again, totally not on par with what I would expect for a hotel billing themselves as a Leading Hotel of the World.#3: THE FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I simply don't understand how anyone can say this food was good, let alone great. We were absolutely perplexed by how horrendous the food was day after day at this resort, regardless of which restaurant or buffet we were eating at. What we originally wrote off as a fluke turned out to absolutelybe the norm there. Foods you would expect to be served hot were warm at best, usually just plain cold. While there would be grills hot and ready to go, you couldn't get a burger cooked to order. Instead you had to take a pre-cooked burger, hot dog, etc from their chaeffers and use one of their stale buns. he cheese display sits in an refridgerated container with only 1 door (the other sliding side is no where to be found) so it's warm and swarmed with flies. Chips on the nacho bar were stale, fries were cold and soggy, pizza was some disgusting frozen pizza...I could literally go on and on and on. The food at their restaurants wasn't any better. We all commented that they appeared to just take the gross food from their buffet and present it nicely on a plate. The french onion soup came out with a 2 square of yellow American cheese on top that was hard as a rock...looked like it had been microwaved or something. In addition to just poor food quality, many of the dishes were just tasteless and bland. We were all so disappointed in the food. None of us are picky eaters and didn't even have high expectations for the food...this isn't even school cafeteria quality. We all commented that a Chili's or TGI Friday's was 5 star compared to what they were serving. So in addition to making you wait until 10 pm, the food they give you is absolutely disgusting! You can understand why we were all looking forward to going home and eating something decent (and by decent I mean Chef Boyardee would have been better then the pasta they were serving at this place) food. After paying this much for a place I wouldn't expect any of these things and would never recommend this resort to anyone. While it's beatiful and the drinks are great, the overall experience is completely shattered by how hard it is to do something basic like eat dinner and then how disgusting the food is. We were looking forward to a relaxing vacation with friends, enjoying some great meals together. Instead we spent much of our time discussing how gross everything was and how a place that is this beautiful could be overlooking such a crictical piece of their guests' experience. In short, if you're thinking about booking at this place, DON'T. And if you already have, I suggest you pack lots of Power Bars or you'll be subsisting on boxed cereal from the breakfast buffet for your stay.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Vikkivette
<Content>Not paradise after all We stayed at this hotel from 2/8 to 2/16/07, we had a Royal Srv Oceanfront suite. My husband and I have traveled extensively and have always stayed at luxurious resorts. That is why I chose the Royal Srv and this new hotel. The hotel is just beautiful, the dream stops there. We found it to be way overpriced for the ever disappearing butler that came with our suite, we would request things over and over and it would never come, he would write it down in front of me and never return. I just wanted bottled water to brush my teeth! You cannot drink the water, the bugs are huge, no one understands basic english and the casino staff are rude beyond description. The ceiling fixtures were falling out of the ceiling, green mold on the faucets, my bathroom mirror went a week without being cleaned. The food is always cold, even at the buffets. The drinks were great ,and yes, you must drink alot of them just to relieve the anxiety with accomodations and butler shortcomings. This hotel is not even 2 yeas old and it looks 20. My bed had bedbugs in it, I would wake up with a whole new set of bites every morning, and one day I was locked in the RS bathroom stall by the pool along with another lady in the stall next to me. The tumblers in the lock were broken, she and I came out on our stomachs on the bathroom floor-YUK . That about did me in. For 9000.00$ I could have gone somewhere much , much nicer where you can actually drink the water, and sleep in a clean bed and actually be treated as a guest. If you do not travel much, you will think this place is heaven, if you fly first class, as we do and travel first class, take my advice,cancel and go elsewhere, anywhere in fact. This hotel will not live up to whatever expectations you will have. I filed multiple complaints with the management and the company in the states Sol Melia, they were mostly ignored, except for one email from the hotel manager Mr Wyss basically telling me my complaints were all unfounded and his staff had a completely different recollection of the events! My parents were with us, had a royal srv suite too and all their problems were very similar so I do not believe our experience is isolated .I guess the customer is not always right?!! For a vacation , the whole thing seemed like way too much work for me, struggling for every little request to be granted, it is irritating after awhile, not relaxing at all. Good luck if you are going soon, bring your bug spray, immodium, and some very low expectations.Vikki Laidman- New York  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	5	1	4	1	3	

<Author>rickfun
<Content>Great Experience We stayed there for one week (my wife, 2 girls aged 13)and felt this was an excellent resort. Although pricey, the beaches, golf, food, service; pools and ease of moving around was appealing. We stayed last year at the other Paradisus Punta Cana and found the Palma Real to be far more elegant; provides a higher level of service; is closer to the beach; is easier to get restaurant reservations; and is not nearly as hectic. Although there are fewer restaurants-6, the quality of the food and presentation is better too. For breakfastand lunch, one eats by the pools or steps from the beach, and the areas to eat are wonderful; attentive staff; food is well prepared, good variety. You can also take your food to any other area if you want. Although we initially felt there were not as many things to do compared to the other Paradisus hotel, we found by simply asking the concierges or tour folks in the lobby areas, we had plenty to do. The beach recreation team signs you up for everything. The recreation team throughout does a first rate job too...and there is always something going on. Very basic casino; each night there was music in or outside; the evening views are stunning and the areas to simply sit back and relax are perfect.We elected to not use the royal service, which is quite expensive, and we did not need it at all. There is a separate beach area called Gabi Beach, and although likely the best maintained of all of the areas in Punta Cana, the expense did not warrant it. In our view, the regular beach areas provided the same level of comfort and service. The spa service near the pools offers you the ability to receive a wide variety of services, and then if you do only one, you can use the special spa pool area which is quite fun; lots of different jets, special chairs, etc.Rooms are quite elegant with nice balconies, oversized bathrooms with jacuzzi, shower and state of the art tv, dvd players. A trip you should consider was the all terrain vehicle/ buggy trip which allowed us to go through mud holes, beach areas and towns. We were covered head to toe in mud, and had a ball. At the end, we all went swimming at the beach and cleaned off. Do not wear your best clothes though. The resort's pkg includes Cocotal golf for one person/ day..but it is a bit of a hassle to sign up, so it is well worth your signing up for times quickly. I did play golf at Punta Espada, 20 minutes away, a newer, top tier course that many consider to be the next Pebble Beach...$300.00 a round. Although pricey...it is well worth it if you're a serious golfer. Played last year at La Cana, another top course, and would recommend it too. There are many new courses being built. You do need to speak to a well informed person though, since most are not golf informed.One can easily sail, windsurf, do the banana boats, para sail behind the boat here-and there are plenty of other side trips incl scuba, snorkel, and other fun trips. They seemed to offer an array of dance aerobics classes, water aerobics and the like. Another tip, you can simply go to any of the restaurants at 6-6:30 pm or so and try to eat then or reserve a time for later. Tipping the staff then never hurts too. We found the 6-6:30 pm dinner time to be the best...was never a hassle, whereas at Punta Cana Paradisus it was far more of a hassle.One needs to get your beach towels and secure your chairs, including the large bed like chairs on the beach or at the pool at 7:30 am, or you could find yourself without a decent spot to enjoy the views. Tons of shaded areas to lounge.Feel-wise, we prefer the Palma Real because it is more elegant and is easier to move around and to eat in the various restaurants, without hassle. Both are wonderful resorts for sure. We recommend both in fact.Lastly, know that the Dominican people are extremely hard working and genuine. Never did we experience problems. Speaking spanish, even a few words here and there, helps...as does offering dollars for tips. They want to please you.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sani
<Content>Wonderful Holiday We recently came back from a one week holiday to Punta Cana . I was travelling with my husband and my 3 year old twin daughters . We travel regularly to Mexico and the Caribbeans and it is fair to say that we have high expectations. Initially, we booked at the Paradisus Punta Cana but we were so disappointed by this hotel that we requested to be transferred to the Paradisus Palma Real. The PPR is a new hotel that was completed about one year ago. It is absolutely gorgeous. The beach is magnificient and the main pool is beautiful. Generally, we found the service to be very good.The standard rooms are spacious, beautifully appointed and overlook the gardens or the ocean. The bathrooms are equipped with a jacuzzi for two and a separate European spa jet-shower ( 6 jets projecting water from the walls). There are 6 restaurants on this property. The buffet breakfast is served at the main restaurant overlooking the ocean. The selection is comparable to any 5 star hotels and the quality is there. The Juice bar is particularly appealing. Smoothies are prepared in front of you from a wide selection of fresh fruits and vegetables. Lunch is served at 2 different restaurants and a wide variety of dishes are offered. Again, the food is very good. Unfortunately, dinner is a bit more problematic. Three a la carte restaurants are available to all guests and one restaurant (Gabi; the best) is limited to Royal Services guests and Family concierge guests. You need reservations for all those restaurants and unless you book several days ahead, you will not get a table as guests who opt for the royal service(adults only) or the Family concierge service (Same as royal service but for families) get priority for restaurant reservations. Quality wise, they are average except for Gabi's. The sushi bar is terrible. Improvement is needed for these restaurants.The kid's club accepts children aged 5-12. Hours of operation are from 10-1 pm and from 3-6pm. It offers a wide range of activities for kids; Horse back riding, tennis, cooking, badminton, handcrafts.... 2 kids' pools are available on the resort. The kid's club is very popular and I must say that this resort is extremely kids friendly. Many families with young children stayed at this hotel during our holiday. Overall, we experienced a wonderful holiday and we would not hesitate to go back to this resort.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>hotdogsmokey
<Content>LOVED The Paradisus Palma Real ONE word AWESOME !!!! stayed the 7th-17th of Feb 2007 was excellent we were on a business trip and got to use the banquet features as well as all the restaurants .. the room was lovely... well decorated and comfy , the grounds were excellent very safe and pretty. I had internet for my laptop the beach was beautiful , the staff were friendly there were lots of activities and a small walk down the beach and there were lots of shops also a small cabride away and more great shopping .. we speed boated, went atving and took many other affordable tours THIS was just a great vacation I have been to MANY other places and this was a very spectacular place very enjoyable We will definately go back !! lovely garden tub jacuzzis in the room were very nice after a long day ... great pool and excellent lounging areas great to be able to get a snack no matter what time at night it was with either the beach buffet or room service being 24 hour .. alot of other places we traveled were just dumps outside the resort areas .. and Yes there are some areas where there is garbage but a lot fewer than some other countries we have traveled to .These people are very proud and care about their country some may be very poor but they have respect for what they have .. We were very lucky to travel the countryside and visit many villages and meet many people .. as well as hand out school supplies and goodies to alot of the children it was an expierence I will never forget wow what a trip !! A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>spotter1314
<Content>The Best All Inclusive Just returned from 7 days at the Palma Real with my wife and children (13 and 10). First off this a beautiful resort with an incredible beach. I've been all over the world and this was the nicest sandy beach I've been on. Very spacious, Lots of covered huts, plenty of watersports and warm tropical water. The rest of the resort is also beautiful and well laid out. Everything surrounds a central plaza area which connects the restaurants, pool/beach and hotel rooms. The room we were in was impressive. At check in we were given a standard room for one night even though we were suppossed to have a Junior suite but we were upgraded the next day to a master suite. This room was perfect for my family of 4. They provided a rollaway bed and it had a pull out couch along with a seperate king size bed in the seperate bedroom.  As far as service goes I would rate it fair. Not because the staff was not friendly but english was a problem and we continually had to ask numerous times to get things done. My opinion is that the lower level staff was very helpful and did what they could (bring an extra pillow to the room, help my son get syrup at the buffet) but the upper mgmt was very disorganized and we could never figure out who was in charge. (It took us a day and a half to get the extra rollaway in our room). The downside of any all inclusive is the food I would rate it average at best. There are 5 restaurants and a buffet but 1 is adult only and one is not on the all inclusive plan. That left 3 others which had the look and feel of chic city restaurants but not the food or service quality. I think this is to be expected as you don't go to an all inclusive for the food.  Finally the weather, of the of the 7 days, 3 were a 10. 2 were okay and 2 were horrilble. I bring this up because on the lousy rainy days there was nothing to do. The resort is designed for families but really had limited kid activities. My children basically hung out with other kids they met especially at night but there were no supervised activities for teens or tweeners. Also for adults the casino was tiny (not crowded) and looked like something you'd see at a charity event. Also it was only open from 8:00 pm to 3:00 am.  One final tip, if you have the time rent ATV's from the desk below the lobby. This was one of the best excusions We've ever done and my whole family loved it.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tinar1212
<Content>Low expectations = great time We (dh, dd and I) were at the Paradisus Palma Real between Feb 14 and Feb 20 with dh's company's convention. We had a basic room, no Royal Service or Family Concierge and, overall, had a really nice time - no bugs, good service, no major problems (and the minor ones were fixed quickly). After reading lots of reviews of this resort, I have a few tips to make everyone's trip more comfortable:1. Lower all expectations. While this is billed as (and priced as!!) a 5 star resort, and while it is absolutely stunning, think of it as an upscale 3 star and you'll be fine. The food is okay - a la carte restaurants are better than buffets - but there's plenty of it and no one will go hungry. Also, keep room service in mind - we had it several times (a few breakfasts and one pizza) and everything was better than what we had at the buffet. Also, don't be afraid to ask for something that's not on the room service menu; I asked for fresh mangoes every morning and they send me a huge plate of them, all cut up and really yummy and a much better quality than the ones at the buffet.2. Bring a bunch of one dollar bills and 5 dollar bills. After liberally passing them out our first day to the waitstaff, housekeeping and bartenders our needs were well taken care of throughout our stay. Remember, at all-inclusives, people forget to tip! Getting - and remembering - their names goes a long way, too.3. Make reservations for things you want early, be it activities or dinner. Try to do it at LEAST a day in advance! 4. Attempt to make conversation with the staff in Spanish - while most of them speak English, it's a nice thing to do. To assume everyone speaks English is, IMHO, rude - it's like a foreigner coming to the US and initiating conversation in their language. My Spanish is okay, but just a few words - hola, gracias, por favor - got my 9 year old some very special treatment from housekeeping. Better yet, bring a small English to Spanish dictionary - you'll be amazed how helpful it will be.5. Avoid any fruits and vegetables that are not peeled or cooked. Do not use the tap water to brush your teeth - there are plenty of (free) bottles of water in your room. The ice is fine. No one in our family got even a little sick, but we heard horror stories from others in our company (one guy had an iced drink on the golf course and didn't make it through the first 9 holes). Also, bring bug repellant and a hydrocortisone cream - the mosquitoes are beastly and these items cost a ton on the island. Enjoy your trip - the weather is beautiful, the pool is amazing and the drinks (ask for Alex at the swim-up bar) are plentiful!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chocolatechic
<Content>PPR = LUXURY--We Loved IT! We were at the PPR from 18 - 23 Feb. And this place was spectacular! My husband and I went without our 4 children, and were looking for some serious relaxation and pampering--and PPR didn't disappoint!The view in the lobby entrance is stunning, and really puts you in a great mood from the start.Check in went extremely smooth, and quick! The front desk staff was very courtious and helpful. We did not book RS, but we were given a complimentary room upgrade upon check in, (not an RS upgrade, but upgraded from normal suite to separate bedroom king suite) even at full capacity. The bell boy brought our luggage to our room at the same time we went, so there was no wait for luggage at all.Our room was in the Turqoius villa, which is connected to the main lobby. The room was spacious, and very very clean--everything there was clean--and rooms and public areas always smelled pleasant.--We had a tv in our bedroom, and a plasma in the separate living area--bathroom had a double vanity. Airconditining system in room worked great! The Resort is laid out very well, so no rooms are far from anything. Resort never felt crowded or full. Even without RS, we never, (contrary to a previous review) had a problem getting dinner reservations. There is a reservation number you call and certain times to call for sameday or next day reservations. We called at 6 pm each day for reservations for the next day, and always got reservations for sometime between 6 - 730 pm. One time we had 6pm reservations at Passions, and were worried because we couldn't call for the next days reservations, but they let us use their phone at the bar. Our first nite there, we walked into Bana with out a reservation around 8pm and got seated right away--and they don't have the men in slacks/no sandals dress code at Bana either.We enjoyed the food there--Passions was our favorite--we ate there 3 times, the steak and shrimp entree was excellent! The service was wonderful--one nite they brought my husband 3 entrees because he said he wanted alot of steak and alot of shrimp, so they brought him the steak entree, the shrimp entree, and the Fish and Farmer entree (steak and shrimp) now that is service!--then as a joke, because he ate so much, they brought him 2 desserts!The market grill was open 24 hours, and very convenient--the nachos and fajitas at the grill and the buffet were excellent.OH, and all water is served from a chilled bottle of water they open in front of you. I was sick before I went to Punta Cana, and still queezy the first day there, but I felt great the rest of the time, and I ate what ever I wanted-- and my husband had no problems either.--we didn't talk to anyone who had gotten sick from the food there!Service all over the hotel was excellent, they are very friendly and try to please! No matter where you are, they come up and ask if they can bring you somthing to drink. They speak much better English than I expected--and have a great sense of humor! We tipped here and there, but never felt like we had too, and when we did they were very appreciative!Top shelf liqour selections were great! And you don't pay extra for it--all are included (the ala carts had a separate wine list that wasn't included, but we never used it--my husband is very picky about his wine, and he found a nice argentinian wine on the inclusive list) Also, each bar tender has thier own signature drink, so many times I would just ask them to make me something great, and they always did!Pool was awesome, and very clean! Oh, FYI, when you come up from the beach there is a shower/foot shower: the LEFT hand knob is the foot shower--if you use the right hand one you get spit on by the frog over head!The beach area was huge--we never had a problem getting chairs at the beach or pool, and hotel was at full capacity.--For a Palapa on the beach, we would grab one on our way to breakfast around 730 or 800 am.We walked up and down the beach both ways, for a good distance, and were very happy we chose the PPR, it was much nicer than the surrounding resorts. I did notice that a ways up the beach the seagrass wasnt as abundant--but it never bothered me anyway.While we were there, it was winter break for the kids on the East coast, so I would say 80% of guests were North American, and the other 20% or less were European. We met some wonderful people there, and had a great time with them thru our stay!Nite life--we actually had a great time, went out every nite--Gabi beach had a few awesome beach parties while we were there, dancin, fire breathers, etc--really fun, and right on the beach!The disco was hoppin one nite, dead the others (everyone was at Gabi beach) Also, there is no smoking in the disco--so if you look in and think its too smokey to go in, its just a fog machine! They played mostly latin music, but they actually had some 80s and 90s music that they played at our request! We also enjoyed hanging out with friends at the lobby bar-the entire resort is filled with little spots to relax and hangout, and the decor is beautiful!There is a shuttle that takes you to the Mall, right outside the resort, its still pretty empty, but has a Tony Romas, and a Hard Rock Cafe coming soon. There are also some other boutiques and a cigar shop.We didn't do any of the excursions, we were just into relaxing in luxury, but some friends did the horseback riding included with your stay, and had a great time.Overall, even though we had 2 days of rain, we had a great vacation! We are thinking about taking our kids with us next time--we will most certainly go back to the Paradisus Palma Real!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LongIslandSteelydan
<Content>Whatever You Do, Stay Away! If you want to come home from vacation feeling like you've been mugged, this is the place for you. This hotel is a pretty facade with nothing behind it. We were greeted the first night by giant bugs hopping all over our childrens' bed, and that set the tone for our entire stay. It takes hours to get a towel, or pillows, or any other basic necessity, and that's assuming that you can even get anyone to pick up the phone in the first place. Staff is clueless and totally unhelpful: You have to escalate to a manager for the most simple of requests such as a beach chair or a dinner reservation. At the breakfast buffet, people crowd around empty serving trays, waiting for some food as if they were disaster victims waiting for the supply truck to come. On top of that, the food is mediocre and often cold (except for the beer which is warm), and there is no child-friendly food at this supposedly child-friendly resort. Don't be fooled by terms like family concierge and royal service, these are just bigger royal ripoffs. From what we could see, this place makes its real money from conventions, which were basically mobs of noisy drunks carousing all over the grounds and jumping into the fountains, which was the main evening entertainment and a horrible spectacle for the children. If you haven't reserved, don't. If you have, get whatever money back you can, and write off the rest. But whatever you do, don't get on the plane.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>nycbmwyu
<Content>This place was great, among the best! I stayed here in January with my girlfriend and wow this place is gorgeous. This is one of the nicest places I have stayed and surpassed expectations. Poor country so I assumed it would be good to stay here but that was an understatement. Room- A jacuzzi next to your king size bed, plama tv, robes, slippers, I was impressed. Pool - HUGE! Beautiful impossible to be over crowed. Little cabanas everywhere, looks like a club/lounge on the beach in another part with all of the lay out beds. Food I have no complants, especially the a-la carte restaurants which like the resort were to quality. The way the restaurants look inside make you feel like its a 100+ per person kind of place to eat. I would definitely go back even though there is not much to see but poverty around the resorts, better beaches in other parts of the caribbean but the resort is top notch. Made it to the list of World's Best Hotels by the way! Resembles an asian/modern theme everywhere in the resort, lights, lounge chairs, infinity fountains.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travtip
<Content>be prepared We just returned from an eight day stay at this resort. Be prepared to fight for reservations if you are not with a group, have the Royal Service, or family concierge. It was a nightmare trying to book a dinner reservation at the restaurants. You are told you can get a 6:00 pm or 9:45 pm reservation most of the time and sometimes no availability at all. When you go by the restaurants, they have many open tables and still refuse to seat you. I experienced the same trying to get a tee time for Cocotal golf course. After an hour and a half, I lost my cool and raised my voice and had to get the hotel manager/front desk staff involved. Don't misunderstand me here. This is a beautiful resort. The food is fairly good if you can get to the restaurants. We did get to experience BANA Asian fusion and Passion. When there the food and service was excellent, it was the nightmare trying to get there. When you pay what it cost to go to this resort, you should not have to fight to get a dinner reservation or a tee time at the course that the hotel owns. Also be prepared for the staff of the vacation club to hound you to no end to buy time share. Come and take our free cruise on our party boat was the RUSE used to trap you at sea for two hours. The more I said no, the more I was hounded. They have so many people trying to sell timeshare that it is a pain in the ---. If they put half the effort into making a dinner/golf reservation there may be no complaints from this traveler. The bar service was excellent. See Alex at the pool bar for a great time and great service. Selection of libation was second to none. All of the top shelf international liquors are there and plenty of them. The wait staff is also great. Room was spectacular. Clean, no bugs, spacious. For a new resort that is supposed to be one of the best, they lack a lot of the simple things it takes to make your stay grand. All in all we had a great vacation. Also be prepared to go to the pool early if you want a lounge chair. Make sure you review with your agent some of the things I have indicated before you finalize your trip. Had we known going into this resort of the short commings, we may have decided to choose a different destination.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	4	5	2	3	3	

<Author>AshleyM05
<Content>Wonderful...but.. Most of the information on this resort is included in other reviews, so I will just make this short.This resort is first class, from the rooms to the grounds to the beautiful Bali beds, wonderful.The staff do their very best to give the best in service, however this is a very poor country and their is a language barrier. They work very hard though to give the best service possible and it shows. The food though I am sad to say did not live up to the rest of the resort. Yes, it was okay, there was a small variety of things anyone could eat, but there was nothing really good about any of the meals I had. I am not a picky eater and not one to complain, but the food just does not measure up to the rest of the resort. If you have any questions about this resort please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>AC66
<Content>Beautiful property and rooms, good service, relaxing not exciting Stayed with my girlfriend for 4 days/nights. Close to the airport which is nice. The entrance is stunning as is the entire facility. Check in was not the smoothest took about 30 minutes but they brought us some drinks so it worked out fine. Our Standard room was great. Everything was high end and luxurious. Very comfortable. Room service was on top of thier game for delivering late night snacks and Champaign.  The beds out by the pools and the beach were both fantastic couldnt have been much better. Played golf one day the course was nice the shuttle service was flawless. My only complaint was that any activity you were intersted had to be booked in advance, could be just a personality thing but I was hoping to be able to wing it a bit more. So, if you want to golf/dive/fish you must schedule in advance by at least a day. Also there is not much to do at night. Leaving the property is not reccomended. I spent most nights in the casino. We met some very nice travellers from all over the world.  The restaurants were all good, the food was fine and the service was good. With the variety of choices we were pleased. With some of the other restaurants during the day you do have to know what time they open/close to make sure you get what you need. Again it just took more planning than I'm used to on vacation.  So, in summary a fantastic property withg great rooms and ammenities. Stunning and very high end. Its certainly a place to relax not one to explore the country or be super active. Plan your activities and meals in advance. You'll be impressed.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>JROB284755
<Content>Paradisus I stayed at the paradisus in early november for approx 6 days. I truly enjoyed the hotel especially for the price, (around 1300 a little higher than i've seen but air fare was high from NY). The hotel itself is as nice as your going to see especially for that price. the room was beautiful, grounds amazing and well kept. The pool is giagantic and you never felt crowed at all and if you were able to get one of the bali beds (outdoor matresses covered by a grass roof) and had a good book life couldnt get much better. the beach had a lot of seaweed but they try to clean it up, but it does make swimming in the water a little creepy. they also have security on the beach to deter local salesmen from selling hand made jewelry and knock off cuban cigars, which is good as there is not the constant hassel that i have heard about in the DR. the restraunts were ok... not wonderful but definately fine for a vacation. my though was if you want to go on a vacation for good food... go to italy or france. The buffet was generally pretty fresh and the ala cartes were decent, japanese was the best. as far as the service, it was good. my only concern with the service were the guests who were being waited on hand and foot never tipped. we brought down 100 singles and gave them to waiters and waitresses when they brought us drinks on the beach or served us dinner... it only seemed appropriate.. and it doesnt hurt the service quality. and as far as speaking spanish last i checked the DR was a spanish speaking country, would you complain they spoke chinese in beijing or dutch in amsterdam... but thats just ignorance...the golf which was included was about 3/10 of a mile from the resort and there was a bus to bring you out there. the greens fees are included but the cart, which is mandatory isnt, i think its around $40, so you can expect to pay $40 for the round. the course is decent... its not on the water and there is no spectacular scenery but its ok.. if you are used to golfing the worlds greatest courses for your normal rounds, than you will be underwhelmed, and you should be playing Capcana or Teeth of the Dog. if you are an average weekend warrior than its serviceable, my round was enjoyable becuase I got paired up with 2 canadians who were a barrel of laughs. the rental clubs with cost you another 30 or 40 but its worth it if you re only gonna play one round and dont feel like lugging yours down...be careful they rent some nice titlest clubs which will make your beaters in the garage seem so inadequate that it may end up costing you another 7 or 8 hundred to get yourself a set.what i found to be the most enjoyable part of the paradisus was the spa...prices were comparable to those in any quality day spa in the us... but in no where else can you get a massage in a tropical garden in beautiful weather. the only thing you gotta watch out for is if you re a man and avg to above avg in size (im 6'3) the robes they give you to go from the locker rooms to the outdoor spa...are a little on the short side.. it makes for an amusing (scary) walk through the resort..... for the other guests...i found out later they had some bigger ones... but not they arent standard issueall in all good resort and with every vacation its what you make of it. you will not find a nicer hotel outside of the super luxury's, (ie ritz-carlton, westins) and a week at the paradisus will will cost the same as a night at one of those. my reccomendation is go, have a few good books, and get up early and get a bali bed and you will have a wonderful time. one additional thought... the beach towels... wonderful very soft, havent had better anywhere  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wiltnbo
<Content>Simply - AWESOME! We recently had the good fortune to spend 6 days at this resort. We were celebrating my 50th birthday along with our 10 year wedding anniversary. To sum up our experience in one word 鈥?UNBELIEVABLE! From every aspect, this vacation was great. The resort is beautiful 鈥?the service (royal service) was great 鈥?the food was awesome 鈥?and more drinks than you could ever drink!Royal Service - This was our first royal service experience (but definitely not our last). While you are 鈥渁ssigned鈥?a butler, a better description would be a butler 鈥渟ervice鈥? If you pay for it, make sure you take advantage of it. Our initial butler showed us to our room, scheduled champagne to be delivered to our room daily at 4pm and handled all of our dinner reservations for us. He also provided me with a week鈥檚 supply of cigars! Whenever we needed anything 鈥?we called royal service. Our last night there, we opened the room door and found rose pedals leading to a bubble bath with floating candles and a bottle of champagne. There was a note from our butler (Jefferson) that read 鈥淚 hope you enjoy your last night鈥? Our mission 鈥?Our mission on this vacation was to just take it easy. If this is what you want, you will love this place. However, it also has parasailing, horseback riding, bike riding, golf and other daily activities. We chose to lay around by the pool and drink all week! We met 2 great couples from Canada and thoroughly enjoyed their company on the vacation.Pool -We scheduled our palapa鈥檚 daily by the pool (we found #8 to be the best as it is the farthest away from the bar and provides the most privacy). If you want to be by the bar, schedule #4. When you are by the pool bar 鈥?find Pedro and Ahmed. We would tip them $5 each in the morning and they would take great care of us during the day. On our anniversary 鈥?Pedro picked some flowers for my wife and delivered us some champagne with flowers in the shape of a heart.Room - We purchased a garden view room; however, from the deck we had a very nice view with partial view of the ocean. Our room number was #2107. The room was perfect with absolutely no bugs.Food -We had dinner at Bano鈥檚 (great), Gabbi鈥檚 (great), Vento鈥檚 (great). At Gabbi鈥檚 we would have steak and lobsters (plural). The martini bar at Bano鈥檚 makes unbelievable martinis. We have been to all inclusives in Jamaica, Mexico and Curacao and the food here was definitely the best. Shrimp cocktails for lunch at Gabbi鈥檚 (my wife would have 2-3 orders) were great. Also, try the pork at Vento鈥檚.Tipping 鈥?We ended up tipping around $150-200 for the week. As stated earlier, we would tip the Pedro (he was simply awesome) and Ahmed $5 per day. Also, we would tip $5-10 a night for the awesome service and food at dinner. During the day, we would give a dollar here and there. Spanish 鈥?Believe me when I say that I don鈥檛 speak much Spanish. Being from the deep south, even if I did 鈥?they probably wouldn鈥檛 understand what I was saying. While it would have probably made some difference in our trip, we never had an issue with the speech barrier.Overall 鈥?This was one of those rare trips where every expectation was exceeded. We would DEFINITELY, and will DEFINITELY, go again!If you have any questions - please feel free to email me at wiltnbo@bellsouth.net. Enoy your trip!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rosecip
<Content>Outstanding! Just got back from the Palma Real. We spent one amazing week there. First, the place is stunningly beautiful. Second, the service is excellent. We did not pay for Royal Service and, indeed, it was not at all necessary. We tipped the staff on this trip, just as we would at home and reaped incredible rewards for it. The beach waiter, Francisco, reserved a palapa on the beach for us with towels, a table between our lounge chairs and a bucket of ice stocked with champagne. In fact, one day we had three bottles. We never waited for anything, not at the beach, the bars or the restaurants. We did not make any reservations. We generally dine later in the evening and found out that after 8:30 any restaurant will seat you without a reservation. The first night we got back to our beautiful standard suite to find rose petals scattered throughout the bedroom, a drawn bath with bubbles, rose petals galore and candles surrounding the bath tub. The second day we were offered drinks on the beach before we even sat down. Later we were offered a lovely seafood salad with shrimp and scallops and diced tomatoes etc, while relaxing on the beach. After that, the vacation just got better with wonderful service, food etc. We speak a little Spanish, which was greatly appreciated. However, even if we spoke less, it would not have been a problem. There was nothing we wanted that we could not get. Francisco even brought us freshly rolled Dominican cigars to go with our beach drinks one afternoon. All in all, we would go back there in a minute. If you are not happy at this place, then you are probably a miserable person and impossible to please.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jppalooza
<Content>Relaxing in the sun with great service       In the promenade area of the resort  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TheHeet
<Content>Great Place       Gabi Beach area (the restaurant here is great)  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AbbyBo
<Content>Paradise My husband and I love Punta Cana....having been there two times before we had decided we wanted to stay at a nicer place than in the past. I did exhaustive research and decided upon Paradisus Palma Real. The Royal Service is a MUST!!! The extras that you get are well worth the money. Upon arrival we went directly to the Royal Service lounge. Only negative is rooms are typically not ready until 3-4 pm so if you arrive early have a change of clothes (bathing suit, cover-up) easily accessible so you can begin to enjoy your vacation immediatley!! Beautiful changing area available for RS quests. Property is beautiful and very clean. The Royal Service(RS) pool is beyond stunning and the palapas (beds that you can reserve the day before for your personal use, for the entire next day) are incredible.....same goes for the Royal Service beach area. It is aweswome, awesome, awesome.....cannot say enough wonderful things about both the pool and beach areas of the RS.The proximity of the rooms are divine, very close to both the pool and the beach. Our room was quite lovely (ocean front), spacious, comfy and an amazing pillow menu to boot! Even delivered a newspaper every day! On a few mornings we had continental breakfast delivered to the room and enjoyed it on our lanai overlooking the ocean. The food was good, not great. Must say that we did have a few excellent meals though. It seemed to be hit or miss....not consistent. The buffets were so so, yet we found if we asked to have something cooked on the spot for us (versus eating something that had been sitting out for who knows how long) the cook was always accomodating, we learned fast a tip is worth giving!!! Vento was by far our favorite spot for breakfast (RS only)The restaurant bars were great fun in the eve....while waiting for our table we seemed to meet people from all over the world. It was quite refreshing being that the Americans were outnumbered by Europeans. Bana (asian fusion) was our fav for dinner,we actually ate there 3 times!! We loved the lobby at night.....the cigar and drinks flowed freely, quite fun! All in all, the Royal Service made a large property feel quite intimate and lovely. It totally worked for us and we can honestly say we have found our slice of paradise in Punta Cana...we will be returning to the Paradisus Palma Real without question. The only other thing we can say is the butler we met with on our arrival seemed to disapper after our initial introduction. Not a big deal, yet we found other people had quite the bond with their assigned butler. Again, amazing property and we highly reccomend the Royal Service. We feel that the experience would have been VERY different had we not opted for the Royal Service.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MGW1
<Content>Wonderful The Paradisus is truly paradise. We had a wonderful vacation. We went with 2 other couples to celebrate our 60th birthdays. We have been to other 鈥榓ll-inclusives鈥?and this one far exceeded our expectations. The food was excellent and the staff was friendly and very accommodating. Whatever we asked for we received with a smile. I would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ma413
<Content>The good        Beach  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaydburg
<Content>This place was next to perfect!       room  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Roelof
<Content>we loved it After reading more then half-a-year all kind of reviews we finally ourselves entered the beautiful hotel. And although it was a trip for more than 13 hours from home, the warmth and the kindness of the staff made feel us so happy , like all the staff was thinking that we really deserved a beautiful holiday.We booked royal service and for us it was well worth it.But reading the reviews it seems that i have to feel me a foreigner because i am from the Netherlands and not an American. That is very true, being in the Dominican Republic i really was a foreigner.But aren't we all??Yes, it is true that there were some Russian, American and European people who have an attitude as if they own the place. A group of Americans were having a congress and at night they claimed the bar by loud shouting, singing and so on. Yes there were Russians who were so abusive to the staff. And for sure there were some (dutch??) europeans who we would be ashamed off. but please, the hotel and grounds are so huge, there are so many nice spots to sit and drink and enjoy.Our room was beautiful, the service was top. A pro for the royal service is the reservations for the beautiful large beds on the beach.We preferred them so much more than the small place on the royal service pool. Sun and shadow, white sands, a beautiful blue sea and drinks whenever and whatever you like.True, some women were topless sunbathing, it didn't bother us, what is the problem??The only point of attention is the temperature of the food.It all looks beautiful (Vento,Gabi,Passion), is good (not top) prepared but is not hot but luke-warm (we did not have any stomachproblems however).We tipped when we felt like it, not because we wanted a better service but as an appreciation. I don't think that the tipping will change the service, the attitude will.We are back now for a week and every day we think happily and privileged back. Don't hesitate to come if you want a moment of pure luxury.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cookiemonster01
<Content>Amazing vacation My husband and I just returned from a 5 day trip to the Paradisus Palma Real in Punta Cana. I'm a list person and feel that it is much easier read on sites like this, so here it goes:Pros:-the hotel is stunning. From the lobby to the pool to the rooms, it's 5 star all the way-the beach is breath taking (despite what some reviewers have said about the seaweed washing on the beach...It's an OCEAN, the waves tend to do that, duh! but the staff cleans it very well-we chose to have the all-inclusive option, this is our first time using this and i must say that it was very nice. We were able to go to any of the 6 restaurant s(with the exception of Gabbi Beach) and eat and drink for free.-please tip the staff when you can. This is their livelihood and they will go out of their way to get you what you need. We brought about $100 in 1's just so that we could do this...in hindsight, we should have brought more.-meticilously clean wherever you go, they have 24/7 cleaning staff so the place not only looks clean but smells clean as well(they burn incense and spray a very fragrant odor in the air)-the staff are genuinely friendly and can speak enough spanish to get you want you want (please don't be a jerk and order peanut butter like some guy that we saw at the hotel, they don't know what it is and they certainly don't eat peanut butter and jelly in this country)-check-in was very easy, just make certain that your travel agent/online booking website provides you with vouchers that guarantees them that you've paid for the all-inclusive option-depending on how you booked your trip, you must try the jeep safari tour of the countryside and private beaches, it's not only humbling to see how Dominicans live but it also shows you their work ethic and their warm hospitality-they have a booze cruise that is included in the all-inclusive package that will take you to a natural pool an hour out and bring you back, no food is served but they do give you all the presidente beer and rum you can drink. They have dancing and the crew makes it fun. It also gives you an opportunity to see a glimpse of the Punta Cana shore-the service was never slow, despite what other reviewers say. They have many people on staff so it's an impossibility.-the entire lobby/lounge area is lit with candles at night...it creates a very sensual and romantic glow to the resortCons:-there are ALOT of foreigners coming to this resort. We were surrounded by Russian, French and German tourists. Most of them were rude so please be aware of this when you get down there. They acted like they were better than everyone else, but it's interesting to see that they did get poorer service. The Dominicans are not supid, they know nice people by your face and how you address them-There were some people that sunbathed topless...foreigners again. Not a pleasant site.-We are foodies and felt that the food wasn't that great. We were looking forward to having at least one restaurant that served traditional Dominican food but were disappointed to find 2 buffet restaurants (hamburgers, burgers, chicken)and the rest were italian, japanese and continental cuisine. Regardless, it was edible and satisfied our hunger.-Not much evening entertainment. We did get to see a Michael Jackson concert which was spot on and did get to see a small live band in the lobby but other than that, it was a dud. This hotel caters to older people that come here to relax so not much is offered in this area. The less expensive resorts will offer more entertainment.-the staff from Sol Melia, which is the company that owns several of the hotels, tend to come up to you to sell you stuff but you can politely tell them no thank you and they get the message.All in all, a great trip. We will definietly go back although we would like to explore Santo Domingo next year.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>misseattle
<Content>Must Stay! Awesome resort       the fabulous swim up bar  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Islandsbme
<Content>Luxurious        View from balcony  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ballgame27
<Content>Very Satisfied Let me start by saying my girlfriend and i were given this trip by her parent so we only paid for airfare. so alot of minor things may not have bothered me so much since i did not come out of pocket for %80 of the trip. Having said that i am very greatful for the trip and had a wonderful time.The airport was easy to navigate and the best thing to do is get a cab to the hotel for $25.Upon arrival we checked in smoothly, i was worried about not knowing any spanish since i read earlier reviews, but maybe only 2-3 times in a 3 day span did i find myself trying to communicate with employees who could not understand me.The room was clean and just like the pictures, we never got our safe working, but to be honest this was my first time ever traveling outside the US and we just kept my girlfriends purse with us all the time which was a slight hassle walking on the beach and at the pool but it was worth it just knowing we always had our eyes on our passports and cash.I took $100 in ones, $100 in fives, and $200 in twenties. I did tip very well at all points during the trip. Some people complained about service but i always recieved top notch because the staff knows who gives them tips every now and then. I would recommend tipping although some did not and i thought the service was still well. But on serveral occasions i noticed i recieved much better service than others. One story about tipping i will share, the first night we were there we got there late and no reservations were available, we walked around and had a drink a Gabbi Beach (this restaurant is not inclusive unless you have royal service which we did not) the bartender was friendly and i tipped him $5 for the first drink, he starts asking where we were eating and we tell him just the buffet since we did not have any reservations, next thing you know he tells us they can seat us there for no cost. I tipped the hostess $5 for seating us and then next thing you know our waiter is waiting on us hand and foot to make sure everything is perfect. Again some people are not tippers and in know gratuity is supposed to be included but it does makes a difference.The pool side bar is a great place to anchor around because the staff around there is great. Another peice of advice, try to friend these people by being pleasant yourself, call them by there name conversate if you can, you will be rewarded by your hospitality, don't treat them like personal servants.The food: we ate dinner at Gabbi Beach, Vento, and the Teriayki Bar. All were very good. I am American and the food did taste different, but not in a bad way. People have to remember things are prepared/marrinated and seasoned differently. Again at the restaurants service was always great. the buffets for lunch and breakfast were good. you could always find something you like. if you get something and it does not tast good then go get another plate and try something else b/c they have plenty of options. all in all i was very satisfied and would pay to return  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Davenmar
<Content>Don't be uptight  Just back from a week (Jan 8-15)-1st timers here and our 1st all-inclusive. Have traveled extensively in Carribean and Europe (we're in our early 60's.) Read every review for the past 12 months and decided to take a chance. We're foodies and had concerns. Here's the good, bad and ugly.:Food-Ate at Bana(Menu side) and Passions 1st 2 nights and were disappointed-Overcooked fish and stringy meat. Then things got better. Vento was good(ate there twice): Gabi Beach also good. The buffets were almost excellent-plenty of variety at breakfast; lunch and dinner. The hidden gem is the Market Grill. Ask the cook to make you a fresher burger and he'll do it. They always have steaks(Not necessarily on display-just ask for one) and they''ll grill them to order. If you don't specify medium rare or rare you'll always get your meat well done. Wine list has very basic $8-10(back home) wine and the premium(ie you pay more) list is just okay with 4-5 times mark-up. Conversely the liquor is top shelf(Chivas; Jack etc).Rooms-Very well appointed. We didn't feel there was a lack of privacy re the bathroom. There are shutters between the sleeping area and bath and the commode space has a leaded glass door for visual(not sound privacy.) Check-in. We arrived at 1:30-we're taken immediately (I asked for a room close in since my wife had sprained her ankle 24 hours before.) We were given a room that we literally didn't have to walk more the two minutes to get to the pool; beach and restaurants. It does help if you have some rudimentary Spanish.Amenities-Pool and beach are spectacular. Loads of chaise lounges(bali beds are a hastle to get but also are a bit overrated). The golf was great-27 holes-well manicured and as a single I was put out with other folks and thoroughly enjoyed their company.Casino: Small but okay(blackjack-roulette and, if enough people request it, one Hold-em poker game $5-10 No limit.)Problems-We inadvertantly left the safe open and came back to the room to find that it hadn't been made up. There was a pre-mimeod note stating that their policy was to have the maid immediately contact security if she came into the room and found an open safe. When we got back to the room we received a call from security asking if we had seen the note. We then counted our money and found that $350 had been taken (from a total of $950 we had in the safe). Nothing else was taken(jewelry/passport and a wallet with credit cards). Security guy came and showed me that the maid had called him and he had inventoried the safe-written down on his pad. He had not counted the money. I had read about stuff like this where the perps don't take all the money hoping either you'll not notice the amount missing or you'll be too embarrased to call security. We left the next day to come home and secuirty promised to e-mail us if anything positive happened. We're not blaming the hotel since we were at fault in leaving the safe open. Depsite that bad ending we'd go back again. The employees are absolutely bubbly friendly-just don't expect them to multi-task.One last observation. About half the guests are European (The weak dollar makes the Carribean a very attractive vacation spot.)  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>badluck
<Content>A great place to relax! Just what the doctor ordered. My wife and I just returned from 5 nights at the PPR. After reading all the reaviews I was interested to see what my experience would actually be like. First off, do NOT go to this hotel if you are single. Do NOT go to this resort if you can't communicate at all in Spanish. We took a cab from the airport and when we arrived at the hotel check-in was a breeze. If you arrive at the same time as a tour bus ti will take you forever.They upgraded us to a master bedroom suite which was great, 815 sq ft apartment with luxury appointments, was very comfortable. The maid service was excellent, at least 2x a day, she was always around if we needed anything extra.The pool and beach are great, the beach is by far the nicest around, we walked up and down about a mile in each direction and the PPR maintains theirs the nicest by far. We stayed by the pool most of the time (locale to the swim up bar). The pool is enormous, but a tad cold. The hotel was fully booked but we never had a problem getting chairs, the place felt empty all week. The pool bar is the spot to be, we stayed there all day, the bartenders are very friendly and fun and we met more people hanging out here than anywhere else.Activities: THe hotel has many activities if you seek them out. Plenty of watersports, you can even do 1 free scuba dive. They have these small classes going on all the time, you just have to find them. We took a tennis lesson one day. (Raymond the instructor speaks the best english at the resort.) Besides that, our only activity was laying out and drinking at the pool bar, which is exactly what we wanted, I can't imagine another resort being as good for this as PPR is. It is very quiet, they don't play music loud anywhere. It would drive me nuts if i was there to party, but for my purposes it was perfect.Food:This was my biggest concern seeing as how I love to eat. I went in with low expectations and the resort didn't disappoint. The buffet is steady but not spectacular, you can always find something. I will say this, all the soups were excellent, no joke.The omelettes in the morning are good, and all the desserts they had were very good; I was surprised at this.BANA: Was not very good. Passion: was not very goodGabbi Beach: the last 2 night we ate at Gabbi Beach, by far the best meals we ate at the resort. I had a steak that was cooked to perfection (a miracle), Lobster tails that were very good, Mahi-mahi was excellent. The only restaurant that would survive in NY based on food quality.Service: Here is where we get to the nuts and bolts of why those people who do not have a good time at PPR.I found that everyone was very eager to serve, but that it was spotty. It really depends on whom you get, some were at your table every second, others every 10 minutes. I blame this on the way the restaurants are run. It seemed to me that the waiters did not have a pre set number of tables to handle, they were all running around all over doing everything. We would have 6 different people at our table some meals. Also, the waiters do busboy duties as well, so that takes their attention away. This was pretty much the same at all the restaurants.The BIGGEST common denominator in the service equation is the communication problem. My wife has high school level spanish vocabulary and I have much smaller. We tried as much as possible to speak spanish and by the end of the week were communicating very well in spanish. We were always able to get across what we needed. And the staff definitely appreciated it. Most fo the people we met that were not happy did not speak any spanish at all. They could never get what they needed because of the language barrier. That being said, some of the staff does speak decent english, they told us that the hotel gives them english lessons but that not everyone takes advantage of it.To sum up, we had a fabulous vacation, didn't give it the highest rating only for the food. As I said earlier, you MUST learn a little spanish to go here. If you do that, and just relax and not get bothered if it takes haf hour to get dinner, then you will enjoy. It is by far the best place I have ever been to relax, and could have been more if I wanted it. The staff was always friendly and helpful, even if the result was not always perfect.I would definitely go back.P.S. no sign of bugs in the rooms at all, the place is beatiful!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>COJOWisconsin
<Content>Total Relaxation!! Overall I just want to say me and my husband had a wonderful time at this resort. We went for a relaxing, romantic getaway 1/5-1/10 and found it here. I will try my best to keep this concise.Regardless of what ppl say, if you are looking for romance do the Royal Service. The butler we had (Angel) was useless BUT that is not why we got it. We were traveling without our kids and wanted peace and quiet without other kids disturbing us. It was also nice not to have kids running in the halls past your room! The pool is smaller than the pool open to all but seeing as it is very cool water no one uses it much. Here is a good water tip-if you go in the Caribbean first and then the pool the water is actually refreshing there. The Cabana guys in R.S. are the best-Ahmed and Pedro. Two beautiful Dominican ppl who aim to make your vacation the best. Contrary to another review I read about tipping the R.S. crew, we got the best service and only tipped them on two occasions-the later being on our way out to the airport. So the service they give is not dependant on your tips. If you want a bali bed by the pool call right at 7 that day. You can only reserve those the day of and they go fast-there aren't that many. The bali beds by the water are easily reserved the day before and are great. You can keep them in the shade or roll them into the sun. Pedro was very helpful with that! Towels were never a problem. However, we did see an irrate European come in the afternoon and there were no towels. He went to his bali bed on the beach and another pool guy (who never served us and we never spoke with) went to the dirty towel pile, found 2 dry towels and proceeded to fold them up and then took them to the irrate man. GROSS! Speaking of Europeans....beware. We found 75% of them to be rude us and condescending to the staff. If you are traveling with kids I would not recommend walking the beach with them due to many topless sunbathers. And the seaweed on the beach is blown way out of proportion. I am not one to enjoy natural bodies of water (I prefer the pool) but my husband does. We spent all buy 1 day on the beach and I never found the seaweed bothersome and I am picky. The language is a barrier. I don't know much Spanish but do know some French and found it easier at times to communicate in that language than English. The restaurants seem to be the worst for understanding. Vento was the best food and service. Royal Service ppl can eat breakfast and lunch there also. We had bfast and dinner and they were excellent. At dinner we did see a couple where the man had flip flops on and they refused to seat them even after his wife was argueing her point. Then we saw them come back and they were being seated-he was still wearing the flip flops. Don't know what happened. Passions was a total disappointment and the food was not good. R.S. ppl can eat at Gabi Beach too and I suggest lunch. The shrimp cocktail was awesome and huge shrimps. Dinner was good but sparse. The buffet was different in Naos every lunch and dinner. It was good. The Market Grill was good but check the doneness of your meat. I got 3 well done burgers in a row and every time I cut them open they were RAW. The 3rd time my husband had them cut it open and then put it back on the grill right away and it was good. Regarding the food and everyones take on it, it was good. I ended up losing 2 pounds but my husband gained 2. I was leary about eating the fruit and lettuce due to a prior trip to Mexico where I had food poisoning 1 day (just stomach cramps thankfully!). This trip my doctor recommended a probiotic called Acidophilus-excuse my spelling. I found it at GNC and I think it really helped. It keeps the bacteria levels in your system in balance. Now I am not sure why I didn't get sick vs. the Mexico trip but i would take the probiotic again to be safe. It was one pill a day (the pearls) and was simple. We spoke to several ppl (1 couple not from our resort) that have made several trips to Punta Cana and they had all been sick on one trip or another here. Another R.S. perk is the lounge you get to use. They have food out all day and most is good. They also have tea, coffee, espresso, water, soda and liquor out so you can make your own cocktails. They also had free hi speed internet and that was how we communicated with our kids back home-a big plus. Most ppl we saw in the lobby with their own laptops had troubles logging on and such. The casino is a must just to watch ppl lose money. My husband and I love to gamble but just couldn't do it here. Shady and extremely unfriendly dealers. We went in 2 or 3 nights to kill time before the shows and never saw a smile once. Skip the romantic evening show-we left feeling like we were at a Menudo concert. It was good but just 4 guys singing love songs. The Michael Jackson show was good. The backup dancers were the thing to watch. That night they had a bar set up inside the theater. If you do Royal Service (I highly recommend) you must also venture over to the swim up bar and meet Lenin. He is a treat! Be careful by the swim up bar with the sun. We went tanning 3 weeks prior to our trip. We had 30 spf on the first day and then dropped to 15 spf the second day and never burnt until we sat by the swim up bar and anything that was in the sun was red compared to everywhere that stayed shaded. I think we could have worn spf 8 and been fineby the beach. In these winter months there is usually a breeze that cools you. Our last day there was no breeze and it was steamy. We only had from 8-10 am to sit out and it was miserable. it also rains between 11am and 1pm for about 20 min. One day it lasted 35 min. but once the rain stops the sun is out and it is beautiful the rest of the day. This is why the bali beds are good-you can sit under them during the rain. If you do take the Royal Service and get a bad butler you can request a different one. We just didn't use ours so it did not matter. The Royal Concierge is better than the lobby one.  One night in the R.S. we did hear a woman come in and complain that there were cockroaches in her room and she had room 1104 (I believe). They immediately upgraded her to an oceanfront room and were very apologetic. I went up to her to verify the room # to be sure it was not near mine. She would not tell me the room and I did receive a glare from the Concierge that was on the phone arranging her room switch. That was the only bug complaint I heard. I had read a prior review with a man stating roaches were in his room but did not see any myself thankfully. All in all I would def. tell any couple to go here and do the Royal Service. Buenos Dios!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	3	5	

<Author>vacationer12
<Content>Do and Don't List DO1.Tip it helps, carry a lot of ones and fives.2.Take a taxi from the airport, it's faster. ($25-$30)3.Lower expectations of food, they try their best, the buffet food is what you'd expect from a bufet, a bit oily, salty but you can find something you can munch on. The best eats were at Vento (Rissotto was good).4.Bring polysporen or mosquito spray, pepto pills and take one aday, also bring other headache and stomach pills because the gift shop is meant to be over priced.5.Get some medicine from the doctor in case of food poisoning. (will explain below).6.Expect bugs, especially after hard rain (millipedes are common after the rain.) It's a tropical place.. duh.7.Sunblock and use it, trust me, you don't want to age your skin and be one of those rubbery or lobster skin looking man or woman who wonders why they have skin cancer and look 50 when they're really 25. Freckles are a result of sun damaged skin.8.Be patient, try speaking some basic spanish, please and thank you go a long way in any country. FYI you're a guest to the country, why should the locals have to learn your language and who gives you the right to act like jerk or that you're better than the locals. If you wouldn't act like this in your own country then don't think you're entitled to do it somewhere else. 9.Do relax an enjoy the beautiful surroundings.DON'T1.For those who don't already know, DO NOT GO to the hotels sales pitch on vacation clubs even if they offer you free towels and a bag. 2.Do not go to BANA tapiyaki grill. Why? Food poisoning on the last day. I suspect that the cook touched the uncook meat and used the same spatula to serve the over cooked meat. This is why i was thankful to my husband for getting those antibiotics from the Dr. just in case of food poisoning. I threw up a lot, the 10 hour plane ride home with turbalance was painful, and i was still ill and didn't feel hungry when i got home for a few days, but i think if i didn't have the pills it could have been much worse.3.Do not go to Dolphin Island, waste of money. $90 per person to swim with dolphins. This does not include the sea lions as some vacationers were roped into thinking. The whole activity is centered around extorting as much money from you as possible. Clever. They have the dophins pose for pictures with you, 3 or four times, and then charge you $30 for the picture, more if you want a dvd. No real swimming with the dolphins or playing takes place, which irked me because the whole commericals you see about the place on t.v. in your room are blantant lies. You can also not take your own pictures of the dolphins and yourself because then how could they make any money from their own pictures. 4 Don't get huffy about the seaweed. If you get up early enough you'll find that there are hard-working staff going up and down the resort beach bagging as much seaweed as they can with their bare hands and carting it off in a truck. It's an ocean, there's seaweed, if you expected anyless you've been brainwashed by beachside postcards and Corona commercials.5.*Hot Tip* Don't buy gifts at the gift shop, or airport. Use airport rate as a guide for prices. There are about 4 or 5 little shops on the beach a little walks away from the resort. You can get a good deal on jewelry and paintings if you're a good bargainer, remember be prepared to walk away. Do not accept their first price, and you can get an even better deal if you are polite, use a little spanish and best of all you offer them a Presidente (their local beer) and coke which if you bought an all inclusive package like us are free to you. ) I got an amber bracelet, really big ambers, for 28 dollars, a beer and pepsi. I checked the other stores and airport to check if i got ripped off. I found smaller amber bracelets priced higher. Same on the 4 paintings we purchased.Overall, the setting was as the name states Paradise. The people and service friendly and a nice place to unwind.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ljh50
<Content>paradise We recently returned from an eight-night stay at the Paradisus Palma Real. This is the fifth year that my husband and I have taken our son (9 years old) to an all-inclusive property over the holidays, but our first to Punta Cana. I would rate this property well above any of the others including those where we chose the royal service. We stayed in a standard ocean view suite, as royal service is not available to families here. We did not choose the family concierge; the amenities didn't appear to warrant the additional costs. I booked directly through Sol Melia so we took a taxi from the airport. The taxi cost us $28 US, which is probably less than what we would pay for shuttle vouchers. Check-in was smooth and we were personally escorted to our room. Our luggage arrived within 15 minutes. I had read the reviews concerning bathroom privacy and they were correct. If you have issues with absolute privacy in the bathroom, then this is not the resort for you. For our family, it was no big deal. The hotel does provide shampoo, body wash, lotion, toothpaste, toothbrush, razor and shaving cream. There is bottled water in the bathroom, by the coffee maker and in the mini-fridge. Our refrigerator was stocked each day. One hint that might be helpful. When you settle into your room, go to the pool area and get your beach towels for the next day. If you wait until the morning, you won't be able to save a good spot. This resort did not use the annoying towel cards that so many do. You could get extra towels when needed. People do get up early and and put their towels out. You need to do this if you want a bali bed. I think there are enough lounge chairs to go around, though.We ate at the buffet the first night and it was fine. The selection was good and I would think the pickiest of eaters could find something. During our stay we ate at Vento twice, Gabbi Beach twice and the Asian bistro once. Vento was excellent. Gabbi Beach was very good, but the selection was limited. The Asian Bistro was very good, too. I had no trouble making reservations for the specialty restaurants, but on our last day I stood in line behind three groups that seemed to find the process painful.They had all arrived the night before and were irate that they had to waste their precious vacation time waiting in line?? The bars all carried top shelf liquor and the drinks were great whether I tipped or not. Bring plenty of ones and fives as the resort has limited change and it goes fast. The maid service is superior. We had twice daily visits and always had amusing towel arrangements left for our son. The sand on the beach never gets hot and there are plenty of lounge chairs out there, too. There is sea grass but it wasn't a problem. I would like to make a few suggestions. Don't travel with children if you don't want to be with children. I'm not talking about kid's club activities. I am speaking of the families that let their small children monopolize bartenders and run around unattended. It is rude to both the other guests and the staff. The last suggestion is for anyone planning an all-inclusive vacation. All-inclusive does not translate into our staff will be your slaves for a week. I would think most criticisms of this property came from travelers with unreasonable expectations. We loved it and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>debimarsh
<Content>not what i expected in a nutshell- we are seasoned travellers- have stayed at the top resorts as well as more moderate ones and this one just isn't up to the advertising. plus side: great looking hotel with impeccable grounds. we were one of the very few who booked an ocean front room (royal service) and actually got one!our room was lovely and clean- but we talked to others who didn't have this experience.we ordered pillows from the pillow menu and we got 2 down pillow- not so great but better than the regular ones. but they ran out of pillows and stole my husband's pillow to give to someone else! ha ha! indian givers.butlers barely speak english and are basically a waste- they stand there and jabber away about the property but they don't do anything and you need to keep tipping them.beach was full of seaweed but we were ok with that as it was beautiful anyway and you could walk for many miles on the hard packed sand. just wonderful for us.pools were gorgeous but COLD!!!! took your breath away.best part were the bali beds on the beach- most comfortable i have ever been on. great thick unlimited towels also.now for the food and wine. the wine was free flowing and was pretty awful. the drinks were lousy also, but free for those who don't care about the quality, but like the quantity.the food was basically fair to middling- i thought the food at 'beaches and 'club med' was better. 5 restaurants and all the food tasted the same, with different sauces. they fooled you tho- as the presentation was beautiful- piled high like at gotham in nyc and then you tasted it and were mighty disappointed. one in our party of 4 got really sick from the food.you should brush your teeth with the bottled water- i think that helps.the activities were ridiculous. tennis courts you couldn't get on unless it was the middle of the day. spinning classes that were 5 bikes near the pool outside with no music and no one to motivate you. and very difficult to sign up.the usual water stuff- windsurfing, parasailing, etc. -we've done all that. golf was a shuttle bus ride away and was decent, not great. but a really good golf pro- adam- if you want lessons.wine tasting, beer tasting, arts and crafts,flower arranging, etc. all nursing home quality and totally unsophisticated. skip them.bring a few good books and relax- not much to engage your mind here. new spa and gym- tiny gym with hardly any equipment- really underwhelming. spa was pretty and smelled good but the treatments were nothing special, from what i could glean. my son had a massage- said it was a 6/10.weather was lovely for us- both day and nite- but thats not the hotels responsibility.staff is inconsistent- they say they are sorry a lot but don't do much to correct the problems. beach staff was friendly but i would expect that since we kept tipping them all week long when they brought us a towel or a drink.all in all, not worth the considerable expense- we spent nearly $1200 nite for 2 rooms. plus airfare and incidentals.tv was nice flat screen but slow as molasses and not enough stations. A/C worked well in the rooms!hope you enjoyed my review and it helps you make a decision!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>masadavt
<Content>The Info You Need.... Many other reviews cover the necessary information, and most are correct, so I will try to keep the basics concise and give you the details that are missing. Ride from the airport, check-in, rooms, etc. were all good. If you are going during the peak season and have requested an extra cot for that second child, be prepared to not get it. We had 3 families and were promised an extra cot for each; apparently everyone else in the resort was promised the same thing and we had to wait 4 days into our trip before we were able to get it. The service desk was swamped with these kinds of requests and they confided in me that there seemed to be a disconnect between those who promised guests things during the reservation process, and those on site who had to provide them (and could not). The rooms have a master switch that turns all power off...and I mean ALL of it; lights, fans, clocks, etc. So, whatever you do, do not flip the middle light switch next to the bed or you will spend the next two hours trying to figure out what went wrong. Also, if you leave your deck door slightly open, it turns off the air conditioning, so don't leave your room with it cracked or you will come back to a sauna. My 11 year old turned on the bathtub jets and it shot water across my whole room, soaking down my bed. Don't do that.If you have any problems with salt, don't eat. The food was damn good for the Caribbean (and for an all-inclusive), but they salt the heck out of everything, especially meats. We mostly ate at the buffet, especially when we discovered that much of the food served at the restaurants was also served at the buffet. For example, I had a great smoked duck appetizer in which I was given 3 little slices of duck, but later checked out the buffet and there were whole trays of that exact same duck. I took a plateful back to the room for midnight munchies. The grill is open 24 hours a day, but after day 3 it get a little old hat choosing between burgers, chicken burgers, hot dogs, or fries. Everyone I know got stomach aches and diarrhea. Such is the way of things. Expect it. If you like coffee, expect disappointment. Everything but the coffee is self-serve at the buffet. For the coffee you have to flag a guy down, then they pour the coffee and the heated milk. I don't like other people pouring my milk; they never get the amounts right, and I also don't like the taste of heated milk, but thats how they do it. Every morning I found myself saying why cant I just get a decent cup of coffee for god sake???. Finally, around day 5 I just took matters into my own hands and grabbed pots of coffee and milk, put them on my table, and defended them from the waiters who tried to take them back. Not a chance!The people are extremely nice, but English is at a premium. Even in the casino, which is very small and quickly gets crowded and filled with smoke, perfume, cologne, and 16 year old kids ruining blackjack and poker because they don't know how to play, they couldn't speak English. I dropped my credit card one night and tried asking if it had been turned in. Every time I mentioned credit card the response was Visa or master card, 7% fee! . No no I would say I LOST my credit card and they would call over someone else who supposedly spoke better English and we would go through the whole thing all over again ..7%. It took 6 different guys before they understood. Bring cash. The only place to get money in dollars is the casino, and like I just said, they charge 7%. The ATM in the lobby only puts out pesos. No one can change a 50 or 100, so bring PLENTY of 1s, 5s, and 10s. Don't go to Manati Park...it's not worth it and you will leave broke. They purposely drop you in a tourist trap and then make you wait 2 hours before the bus comes back. The only thing to do is try to entertain your kids without parting with hundreds. Good luck. The Royal service and Children's Concierge are not worth it. My father had the Royal Service, and was given two double beds rather than the king he was promised, and we could see no benefit at all. Same with the children's thing; they get a pool that no one else can go to. So what. Overall, a great experience, but they have some loose ends to tie up. Those who expected 1st rate service because they paid for the Royal thing were disappointed and I heard a lot saying that they will not come back. I didn't expect 4 seasons treatment, so I was ok.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	2	3	

<Author>AnxiousFiance
<Content>Honeymoon in Paradise       insdie Passions restaurant  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bparks8ta
<Content>I'm addicted to the Bali beds Paradisus Palma Real Punta Cana, Dominican RepublicUpon our arrival we were herded into the open air thatched roof airport and made to wait in a long line to have a picture taken with 2 local girls dressed in native attire. It was a little aggravating. You couldn鈥檛 see what the hold up was and then when you did, you were already stuck. The picture was to be available upon your departure. After we got through customs and the local musicians and retrieved our luggage, there were people there waiting to take our luggage to the TNT chartered bus. It was definitely worth it, as there was a sea of buses in the parking lot and it would have taken us quite some time to find it. The bus itself was brand new and the air conditioning was much appreciated. During the drive to the resorts, the TNT agent went over some tips on the area and discussed the different excursion packages offered. All in all, it was pretty informative. The agent was also available at the resort for a designated time each day, in the event you wanted to schedule an outing, had questions, or had a problem. We were the last to be dropped off, as the TNT agent explained, he had saved the best for last as he didn鈥檛 want the others to feel badly about their resorts. He said that the Paradisus was the nicest resort in Punta Cana. As the resort came into view, I had to admit it was gorgeous. We walked down into an open air lobby with a view stretching down and across a magnificent courtyard with fountains, the pool, and the ocean just beyond. It was breathtaking. The lobby itself was appointed with luxurious upholstered dark mahogany furnishings, polished marble floors, oriental rugs, and large statues and artwork. Check in went smoothly, we were given our keys and off we went to our room. For some reason it took over an hour for them to bring us our luggage. We actually had to go looking for it. The ocean view Jacuzzi suite was beautiful. The floors and bathroom were tiled with polished marble of salmon and vanilla hues. The palette of the room was a warm burnt orange and beige. The dark mahogany furnishings balanced out the lighter tones and gave it a wonderful contemporary Mediterranean feel.  The bathroom had a multi jet shower, separate water closet, and a Jacuzzi tub for two. The bathroom wall opened into the bedroom with plantation shutters set into a half wall. The head of the bed was draped in decorative mosquito netting with mahogany accents. There was a flat screen television, mini stereo, coffee maker, and refrigerator stocked with water, sodas, and beer. The bedroom was separated from a sitting area with an archway supported on columns. The sitting area had a comfy love seat with lots of fluffy pillows, coffee table and a small dining table and chairs. Last but not least, the sitting area opened onto the ocean view terrace overlooking lush tropical flora surrounding a water garden. Bottled water was supplied in the bathroom, by the coffee maker, and in the refrigerator along with beer and sodas. This was replenished in the mornings and again at night with turn down service. It seems they ran out of coffee packets on our last two days and we had to track down a housekeeper to get us some. Other than that housekeeping did an excellent job. Guests can upgrade their stay to Royal Service. This gives them an upgraded suite, exclusive check-in and check-out services, a personal butler, a pillow menu, a private adult only pool and beach area with Bali beds, and a private lounge. It also gives priority for dinner reservations, spa treatment appointments, and excursions. If you鈥檙e going during the off season, I wouldn鈥檛 bother with it unless you wanted the upgraded amenities. There was no problem getting into restaurants or Bali beds while we were there. But we could see where it could be a major problem if they were at full capacity. There are 7 restaurants on the property. 2 buffet style and 4 ala carte. Naos, the outdoor beach restaurant, serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The food is set up buffet style in an enclosed area with automatic doors. The doors are very helpful in keeping insects away, although we saw very few anywhere during our stay. For breakfast you will find an assortment of pastries and breads, cereals, granolas, yogurts, cheese and cold cuts, lox and cream cheese. They prepare made to order eggs, waffles, and pancakes everyday. I think my favorite part was the native dishes that they served. There was always some type of potato dish, egg casserole, vegetable casserole and meat dishes rich in local flavor. Outside they have a fresh juice bar. You can pick out what fruit you鈥檇 like and they juice it up for you. They also make smoothies here as well. I was prone to visit the other juice bar. The adult juice bar was available every morning as well. It was set up with an assortment of call brand vodkas, champagne, orange juice, tomato juice, limes, Tabasco, and celery sticks. Lunch at Naos, would consist of 2 soups, a salad bar, a multitude of breads and rolls, cold cuts and cheeses, local specialties, made to order pasta station, and made to order grilled meats. They also had an array of casseroles, breads and deserts.We never ate dinner at Naos, but wandered through a few times for ice cream. Dinners were themed and festive. The wait staff dressed according to the theme and the restaurant would be decorated as well.  The Market Grill was another outdoor restaurant. Here they had enclosed buffets on 2 sides of the restaurant. On one side there were ice creams, and a wide variety of deserts and fruits. On the other side was a varied selection of salads. In the middle was a chafing dish with a couple of sides like pasta or potatoes and then they had several meats and seafood that you could choose from to be grilled including hamburgers and hot dogs. Passion is the adult only restaurant. The d茅cor was a bit tacky in contrast to tasteful design of the resort. The theme here was romance, but they went a little overboard with the roses. The food was eclectic with a flair for the dramatic. Our 1st visit went well. Very unique salad and entr茅e presentation and my lamb chops were cooked to perfection. On our 2nd visit the wait staff was extremely unorganized. Each person had a very specific job and they just weren鈥檛 working smoothly together. The food was still good, but we had to wait for 20 minutes to get our soup.My personal favorite was Vente, the Mediterranean restaurant offering Italian, Spanish, and Greek cuisine. They start you out with a dish of fire roasted vegetables and chorizo accompanied by a basket of bread. The wait staff here was by far the best. Dinners ran smoothly and the food was wonderful. Gabi Beach is an ala carte open air beach restaurant. It is exclusive to Royal Service and Family Concierge guests. Guests not on this plan can dine here, but would have to pay for the meal. We did not eat here, nor anyone else that I spoke with. But it was beautiful and right on the beach.Bana was their attempt at Asian Fusion. I love Japanese food and this was such a major disappointment. The d茅cor was great. The restaurant has 3 sections, the sushi bar, the Asian bistro, and the Tepanyaki tables. Our 1st night we went to the sushi bar. We ordered tuna and it came out completely cooked and very dry. Upon inquiring we were to find out that all of the sushi is cooked. Unfortunately, we had already ordered and suffered through the rest of the meal. Another night we tried the Asian fusion. I got the Soba noodle dish thinking that they could not screw that up. It came out and was basically spaghetti in a garlic butter sauce. I was disappointed again. On this special evening, a very drunk guest kept leaving the restaurant and coming back, whereupon he would scream for his buddies in the back of the room at the Tepanyaki table to hurry up. Mind you he was standing in the front of the restaurant. After the 3rd yelling episode, it was apparent that the staff was simply going to ignore the gentleman even though he was clearly disturbing the other guests. My boyfriend took it upon himself to go have a word with him. He stopped yelling, but now stood in the front glaring, grabbing his man parts, and gesturing for my boyfriend to go outside for a fight. Once again the staff did nothing to remove this man from the restaurant. He finally went away and we had a little chat with the manager the next morning. On our final trip to Bana, we tried the Tepanyaki. Finally I was going to get some decent Asian food. We were given menus, but no one ever took our order. The miso soup and the fried rice were fine. But then the chef gave a small overcooked portion of each type of meat to every person at the table. I could not eat it. It was time to go find some ice cream. We did not go back.To be fair, I am a bit of a food snob. I spoke with several other people and they were quite pleased with the meals. One couple would only eat at the Asian fusion restaurant. We were also told by one person that he was able to get raw fish for sushi by tipping the chef 50.00. Who knew! And dollar tips do not impress the wait staff at all. You have to tip 3-5.00 in order to get their attention. But they are extremely sweet and friendly. There is a formal dress code for the ala carte restaurants. Men cannot wear tennis shoes or anything open toed, nor can they wear shorts or sleeveless shirts. Women cannot wear shorts. While we saw sandals in Banas, we also saw a woman in a blue jean jacket turned away from Passion.The pool was quite spread out, meandering from one side of the property to the other with lots of little nooks for privacy. Jacuzzi tubs were in the pool surrounded by a wall for privacy and decorative Grecian columns. In water lounges lined the central pool area. Outdoor speakers were speckled throughout the pool area and the gardens beyond, playing a diverse selection of tunes. The Royal service private adult only pool was on the small side and seemed a little crowded by the Bali beds. But if the other pool is filled with children and boisterous people, it would be a wonderful refuge. Thank goodness we did not need it.My most treasured part of the trip was lazing the days away on the Bali bed by the pool. The Bali bed, consisted of 4 wooden posts supporting a thatched roof above and below a double mattress covered in a plastic mesh that keeps cool. 2 sides of the bed are lined with bolsters for your reclining pleasure. In the shade of the Bali Bed with a gentle breeze blowing, I was sheltered from the heat and the occasional rain, venturing out only when necessary. There was cocktail service by the pool, but it was not consistent. Sometimes I actually had to leave my beloved Bali bed and go to the bar myself. It was the most relaxing vacation I have ever had. Spa Paradisus is a 2 story state of the art spa treatment center, offering a dizzying array of massages, wraps, scrubs, masks, hydrotherapy, hair care, and waxing. I did not partake, but did speak with a guest who had. She felt it was extremely overpriced and had a clinical ambiance. She did not recommend it. They offered an assortment of activities on the resort. A pavilion in the garden hosted Pilates, yoga, Tai Chi, meditation, and couples massage classes. For the athletes, there was spinning, tennis lessons (Beginner, Kids, and Advanced), kayaking, and volley ball, nonmotorized water sports. You could also sign up to learn a variety of different dances as well. They even had classes on flower arranging, watercolor painting, wine tasting, cocktails, sushi, casino games, and Spanish. Entertainment was provided nightly. There was live music in the Plaza courtyard every evening as well as a musical production in their grand ballroom. The musicals started around 10:00, so we only made it to 1 show. It was fun, but it was extremely hot in the room. Excursions were offered through tour operators in the lower lobby and also could be arranged through the hotel outside where they give out the beach towels. We signed up for the Catalina Island scuba and snorkeling. The fish and the coral were quite limited. So, it鈥檚 definitely not a huge diving destination. But I enjoyed it. We took a 1 陆 hour bus ride down to La Romana. From there we took a catamaran over to a dive spot and everyone jumped in for a bit. My boyfriend went scuba diving and I went snorkeling. Then the snorkelers took a small boat over to Catalina Island and the divers went off to another dive site. Upon our arrival we were gently accosted by the local shop keepers. At Catalina there was an area for snorkeling. The staff was very friendly and informative in finding and pointing out what few interesting fish that was there. Then it was lunch, cocktails and napping in the sun. On the way back the staff danced and served rum and beer. It was a relaxing fun day.We decided extend our stay by 2 hours and take a taxi back to the airport, forgoing the tour bus鈥檚 several stops. Since we were express check in, it was a breeze. We actually were in line ahead of the people who came in on the bus and left hours before us. So, I would definitely recommend the express check in  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>micopgirl
<Content>Go here for luxurious relaxation! Perfect honeymoon! If you are looking for nightlife and a ton of activities - then you should not stay here. But if you are looking for rest and relaxation or a romantic vacation - then this is the place for you. With that said - I think that some people's reviews are jaded because they were expecting this resort to be a typical party filled all-inclusive type resort with the same party atmosphere that is found in less expensive all-inclusive resorts. That is simply not the case here. Things are more elegant at this resort, more relaxing, and it's definitely a slower pace here. I've been to many resorts - and now this one is on my top ten favorite list. But - only for relaxation and romance. If I were going on a vacation with the girls or looking to dance the night away - I would pick another spot. However - since this was my honeymoon - this place was perfect.We had Royal Service and loved it and do recommend it. If you can afford it - get it. Other's will tell you they didn't have it and didn't need it - which is fine for them, but for us - we didn't want to get up at 7:00 a.m. to try and get a bed on the beach or by the pool. With RS this is not a problem -just tip the pool attendent - and you have a bed reserved every single day, even if they are filled. Don't ask - but it worked. We also had our bath tub filled almost every night for us - with fragrant oils and all that romantic stuff. The butler made sure we had whatever we wanted in our room for drinking - and we went through a lot of it. He made sure we had reservations for dinner - and all kinds of stuff. We enjoyed RS - and loved the fact that we didn't have to wait at restaurants.Grounds: Beautiful and well manicured. They piped music throughout the walking paths inside these rocks - which was pretty cool. They also burned incense on the paths so the resort smelled wonderful. Everything is very new and posh - and the design of the resort is spectacular. It truly does look like the brochure and website photos. Rooms: Big and beautiful! We had a flat screen TV with many English stations. I read some reviews saying they had bugs - WHATEVER! I don't believe that for one second. This place was spotless!!! We tipped the maid every day and had a different towel animal waiting for us daily. We also had chocolates on our pillow every night. They leave plenty of water to brush your teeth and make coffee. Food: You are in the Dominican Republic people!!! The food will NOT taste like it does in the states. Pizza will be Dominican style - as will everything else. So if you can get passed that - I thought the food was pretty good. It wasn't going to win any awards - but it was good and we gained weight. We didn't get sick not once. My favorite was Vento - and their Tiramisu - Dominican style of course - was to die for in a Dominican sort of way. My least favorite was Passions. The atmosphere was very chessy - but you should go just to have a laugh. There is plenty of lobster tail on the menu - in fact I had it almost every night.Beach: Very nice. I wouldn't rate this beach as the most beautiful in the world. It was a little choppy - but still okay. There is some sea grass that goes ashore - but from what I can tell - most of Bavaro beach get's it anyway. It was not in any way shape or form bad enough to keep us from the water - and they are constantly cleaning it. It wasn't that bad - but it is worth mentioning. Staff and Bar: Friendly staff - Spanish speaking. A little Spanish goes a long way. I actually saw some American's getting upset that the staff didn't understand them - and they started to yell at the staff for messing up. Come on - take your Spanish-English dictionary and try to figure it out together with the staff person. They were so friendly and if you try they will try and that's how to communicate. The bars were fabulous! All premium and even if you want a cigar or cigarette - they are included as well. Go figure. We hung out at the lobby bar most evenings after dinner - but there are several bars throughout the property. Try the coco-loco. Advice: 1). Get a Spanish-English dictionary. 2). Go here for rest, relaxation or romance only. 3). A small tip goes a long way. 4). Don't brush your teeth with the tap water. 5). Go with an open mind and have a wonderful time!!!! If your dinner doesn't arrive right away I'm sure you won't wither away to nothing while you wait. It's not the end of the world - you are on vacation.... Have fun and don't worry. It's a truly nice beautiful property.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelqn
<Content>Beatiful but lacking I am a travel agent and have travelled extensively to the Caribbean. I was very happy with the hotel and it's facilities but the restaurants could be improved. The room we had was a 1 bedroom suite with 2 person jacuzzi, 2 flat screen TV's, King bed and full kitchen. Very nice.The food was okay even at the a la carte restaurants. I am not that picky and most of what I tried came different than what I ordered or not cooked correctly. The buffet was almost the same everyday, breakfasts were excellent. Reservations should be accepted due to the amount of people waiting for the a la carte restaurants. Our name was skipped over at 2 different restuarants making us wait over 2 hours for something they told us would late 45 minutes.As far as activitites, there were none until a large group checked in. They should post what activities they have going on in the lobby because everyone we talked to, didn't know what they had going on.My husband golfed and said it was excellent.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heatherangel26
<Content>A Wonderful Honeymoon! My husband and I stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real for 8 nights/9 days for our honeymoon. It was absolutely wonderful. We read the bad reviews prior to arriving and I must say it really confused me once I got there. The resort was beautiful, service was great and the food was excellent! We did not have any negative comments about out stay.We chose Royal Service and loved it. We were on our honeymoon and really appreciated the fact the Royal Service was adults only and there was a private pool and beach with no children. Our butlers, especially Jefferson, were excellent. They were very eager to please and did everything we asked with pleasure. Our room was really nice. We loved the tub and shower!!! The pillow menu was a plus. We never slept so good!The restaurants were all very good. We like Gabbi Beach the best. The lobster was excellent! and so was the pasta with seafood!!! We went there a few times during our stay and loved it every time. We ate at all of the restaurants and never had a dish we didn't like. We had excellent service at every restaurant. There was a bit of a language barrier with some of the waiters but we spoke very little Spanish and managed just fine! We also had room service alot. The only thing we didn't really enjoy was the pizza. It was alot different that what we were used to. But, no big deal. We just ordered something different. We got served a honeymoon breakfast in our room on the 3rd day. It was unbelievable. There was so much food!!!! The beach and pool were beautiful. We spent most of our time on the beach under a palapa!!! Really relaxing. The beach/pool waiter, Ahmed, took EXCELLENT care of us the entire time we wre there! The beach did have some seaweed but it didn't really bother us! Again, no big deal. If seaweed bothers you, the pool is so beautiful and refreshing!!The staff at the Royal Service Lounge was excellent! We went there every day and always had excellent service. We used the internet service and had tea/breakfast/appetizers there quite often. We never had a problem. We absolutely loved the hotel and had no complaints about service. I see other guests were not happy with the service but we were 100% satisfied. We felt the staff went out of the way for us!!! I would recommend this resoret to anyone who wants to relax and enjoy a beautiful resort!!I have pictures and would be willing to share. Email me at heatherangel26@hotmail.com  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jvr13
<Content>Dont believe the Bad Reviews My wife and I just returned from a week stay at Paradisus. Since I used this site extensively in getting reviews/tips, I feel obligated to future travelers to put a fairly comprehensive review here. I will structure this in touching on some of the points I found in the negative reviews. As a frame of reference, I have been doing this type of island vacation for 25 years. I have stayed at five star resorts, budget efficiency apartments and rented villas. I have eaten in some of the best restaurants in the world and can enjoy a Big Mac too. Essentially, I have expericed travel on multiple levels. The Paradisus was booked with five star expectations and it did not disappoint. Here are some of the negatives I read on this site and my take on the subject:Poor Service. The service we received on every level was exceptional. (We tipped at each meal and for each drink but I dont think this would have mattered to the staff.) In checking in we inquired about upgrading to Royal Servis. While the staff member (Daris) could have easily pushed us in that direction at the cost of an additional $130/day, she informed us that we had already been upgraded to a family suite. She left the option to us but with this information, we decided to keep what we had. It was the right choice as the room was spectacular. The Service Director (Antonia) stooped to say hello on our first night and we told her we would be with them for our anniversay later in the week. She inquired about our name and room and on our anniversary there was a very good champagne and other treats in our room. Wait saff would bring us capaccino for breakfast without us asking because they were paying attention from day to day. The service could not have been at a higher level.Food: Here's an honest assessment of the food. The quality is very good...the presentation is spectacular. The one (minor) criticism would be that they were very careful with the seasoning. Essentially, the played to the lowest common denominator. Nothing that some salt and pepper couldn't solve. Even here, one night in Vento when we were being seated we were told to be patient as we would be seated in a section with a large party with limited staff. I told them that was fine and thought it was good that we were told in advance. What we didn't anticipate was that we would get great servce that was far from slow. Breakfast and lunch at the buffet offers a good selection. The a la carte restaurants are the right choice for dinner. Vento is probably the best.Bali Beds: Someone complained that they could not get a bed even with Royal Service and even with a reservation. Even without Royal Service (Tip: probably not necessary), we had a bed every day. The key is get up early and by not later that 7-7:30AM stake your claim for the day by putting a book and a towel on any vacant bed. We would do that and go to the gym. You may want to go to breakfast or even back to bed. By claiming the bed early (at the main pool area) you have it for the whole day. Every 10 minutes or so, someone is by offering to bring you a drink. Not a bad way to spend a day.Language Barrier: I speak one langauge and some would argue with that assessment. Everyone there speaks some English (OK maybe not the cleaning staff) and does a very good job communicating. How anyone can complain about this is beyond imagination. Brush up your high school spanish---just saying gratias goes a long way. This is a Spanish speaking country and most of the staff is multi-lingual which is more than can be said for most of the guests.People are Rude: While anyplace, anytime it's possible to encounter someone who is rude, the staff here were so genuinely gracious it was way beyond expectations. While I did not encounter, see or hear even one staff member be anything less than courteous and respectful, the number of ill behaved guests was more than you would want. Give some people access to unlimited alcohol and they have no ability to set any limits for themself. Entertainment: There's entertainment every night. Some of it is corny but worth the hour of your time. The Michael jackson show is pretty entertaining if you can get past the fact that it's a Michael Jackson show. The Jazz show was good. It is what it is. You are not going here for the entertainment but it's enough to amuse you. Just have an open mind. The Casino is small and I think the machine odds are less than what you will find in Vegas of Atlantic City. We simply went each night and made a deposit. We looked at it as part of our entertainment budget and had no expecxtation of winning. Conclusion: The resort, is beautiful...there are people cleaning, polishing, painting and maintaining 24 hours a day. The place is immaculate and stunning. The beach does have some sea weed...so what. The water is warm, clean and inviting. Restaurants are probably more 3-4 star that 5 star but this is a resort on an island not a restaurant in a big city. Staff is gracious and friendly. Wait staff kissed us when we said it was our last meal with them. We have never experienced better service. Don't hesitate to book this place and have an open mind and open heart. It will not disappoint. If you have specific questions and think I can help my email is JVR13@aol.com.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clbthesibw
<Content>The WORST Service Ever Received       Do you see the ocean? We couldn't  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>DelTravelGrl
<Content>A solid four out of 5 for us Just got back from a 5 night stay at PPR (Dec 1 鈥?6) with my boyfriend and another couple. Overall we had a really great trip and I would recommend the resort to someone traveling to Punta Cana. I know I relied a lot on the Trip Advisor reviews when I was planning our vacation, so I will try to give as much detail as I possibly can (sorry if it gets too long). From the beginning鈥?br/>Airport Arrival - our arrival at the airport was very simple and easy. Our vacation was booked with Apple and we were able to quickly locate them at the airport and we were on the shuttle in no time. As the shuttle pulled up to the front of the resort we were able to see through the open lobby to the beautiful blue water 鈥?it got us all very excited right away. Check In - When we got off of the shuttle a porter took our bags and told us to check in and then come back to him when we had our room number. Based on a lot of the posts I was expecting a long wait to check in, but there was only one other person at the reception desk and we were helped right away (this was around 2:30 on a Friday 鈥?around 5:00 on Saturday we went by the desk and it was more crowded 鈥?but still not crazy). As we were getting checked someone took a drink order and we were all standing there with pina coladas 5 minutes later 鈥?not bad. We did not have the Royal Service, but we did ask for a room with a king size bed when we checked in and that was accommodated. The other couple we were with were also given a king room, but it was on the other side of the resort from us. On the second day they decided they wanted to be closer to us even if it meant having a room with two double beds and their request was accommodated again. The people at the desk could not have been nicer or more helpful. Once we had our room number we were escorted to the room right away. Rooms 鈥?the room that we had (1041) was big, beautiful, and clean. It was a standard king room that you see in the pictures on the website 鈥?Jacuzzi tub, nice shower, all of that. We were completely happy with it. There were no problems with cold water or bug or cleanliness or anything like that 鈥?and they came and serviced the room daily. I can see why people say the bathroom is not private enough, but if you close the shutters between the bathroom and the bedroom and close the bathroom door I think it was private enough.Weather 鈥?the weather was great when we were there 鈥?nice and sunny and warm. It rained every day but it was usually for about 5 minutes. It was really windy too the first couple of days. The wind made sitting on the beach kind of annoying as the sand was really blowing, but it made sitting by the pool really nice. Beach 鈥?we spent more time at the pool than on the beach, but we were at the beach some as well. I was REALLY hoping that the seagrass would not bother me, but I had to admit it did a little. They do truly try to clean it up a couple times a day, but it is just everywhere. I grew up on the East Coast and the seagrass in Punta Cana isn鈥檛 anything like the slimy seaweed I am used to 鈥?it was more annoying than gross to me. But we still spent time on the beach and in the water. Pool 鈥?big, big, big, but cold. I would like to say it was just refreshing, but it was actually a bit too cold for my taste. We still went in it and swam around and went to the swim up bar and had fun. One tip 鈥?although there are a lot of chairs and beds by the pool we found that all of the beds were taken by around 7am and most of the chairs were taken by about 10am. Everyone gets up early and throws a couple of towels on them and usually a book or magazine too to 鈥渞eserve鈥?them. Although I think it kind of stinks that this can be done, if you want a bed or a chair you had better get up and do it too. I am the early riser of our group so I went out every morning around 7 and grabbed some towels and threw them on a bed and a couple of chairs. The beds were really nice 鈥?especially for those 3:00 in the afternoon vacation naps.Pool Bar 鈥?LOVED it 鈥?how great is it to swim to a bar? Lennin at the pool bar is the absolute best 鈥?lots of fun and energy. Ask him to make you a baked potato.Spa 鈥?we went in and checked it out, but we never used it so I can鈥檛 really comment on it too much. The whole water ritual thing didn鈥檛 look that amazing to me though. Excursions 鈥?I鈥檓 not really sure I would call what we did 鈥渆xcursions鈥? We went on a bike ride one day 鈥?this basically consisted of getting some kind of out of shape bikes and riding around the golf course and construction area across the road. We had fun and our guide was very nice, but not exactly a bike excursion. The 鈥減arty boat鈥?I would recommend avoiding. It was supposed to take us out to some 鈥渘atural swimming pool鈥? Well they did have beer and rum, but the boat went VERY slow and no one was partying. We were taken out into the water a little bit to just swim around (kind of weird) 鈥?we would have been better off just swimming in front of the resort. It was too windy for snorkeling and we didn鈥檛 try the horseback riding b/c we heard it was a little while away.Dining 鈥?the dining was about a 3.5 out of 5 for me. To their credit they do offer a variety of food, it鈥檚 just that the quality is a little less than I expect at restaurants. We ate breakfast everyday in Nage (the big buffet style restaurant) 鈥?they offer both American and European style breakfast 鈥?pancakes, French toast, eggs, all kinds of pastries, bacon, potatoes, fruit, cereal and then they have lunchmeat, cheeses, breads, yogurt - they also have mimosas and bloody marys set up. We also had lunch here one day, but for us it was pretty heavy for lunch food, but still lots of choices. We didn鈥檛 try dinner here as we prefer to have a sit down dinner when we can. We had the Mexican style lunch buffet at Agave one day and that was pretty good 鈥?nachos, chicken, tortillas, burritos. We weren鈥檛 big fans of Bana on the Asian Fusion side, but we did have a really good dinner at the Hibachi grill one night 鈥?lobster and all. The bar at Bana serves all different kinds of martinis 鈥?so that is kind of fun to try. Passions we were a bit disappointed in as well 鈥?the service was the worst 鈥?they seemed very confused 鈥?although I had chicken stuffed with spinach and it was very good. Vento was by far our favorite 鈥?we liked the selection (beef, chicken, lamb, pasta, fish) and the service. There is a bar in between Passions and Vento that serves different kinds of bellinis and they were good too. One thing we found was that if you asked for something, they went out of their way to get it (champagne, lobster, whatever). One gentleman at Passions was trying to get melted butter for his lobster and the waiter didn鈥檛 totally understand. The gentleman very nicely told him never mind, but the waiter didn鈥檛 give up trying to understand 鈥?at one point he even came out with peanut butter thinking that might be it. I mean 鈥?they are SOOOO nice down there. We did get room service a couple of times 鈥?often just called and asked them to bring a 6 pack of Coronas 鈥?I also had sweet rolls and coffee brought to the room in the morning. We found it was pretty quick. The other couple we were with ordered pizza late night from room service and they said that was kind of gross.Nightlife 鈥?well, this is a little lacking if you are looking for a big party, but we still managed to have fun. The casino is okay 鈥?not very crowded at all. It was nice for me b/c I don鈥檛 gamble and I don鈥檛 really know how to play the games 鈥?since it wasn鈥檛 crowded and not as serious as Vegas or AC I was able to learn a little. We played roulette most of the time and had fun doing that. My BF thought the blackjack table was a little suspicious, but he played a few hands anyway. The nightclub Onyx was usually pretty dead, but if you want to dance a little bit there is a floor 鈥?we had fun in there just the four of us. The shows leave something to be desired, but we still had fun watching them (Noche Romantica and Michael Jackson). I would recommend this resort, but I do think this vacation, like any other, is what you make of it. We went looking to relax and have some fun and we did. If the steak was overdone we didn鈥檛 get upset about it. If there wasn鈥檛 enough ice in the glass, we asked for more. When the shows were a little cheesy, we had a good laugh. Hope this helps, if you have any specific questions, put them on the forum and I will try to answer as best I can.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>admiralrad
<Content>Great Service and Staff We spent 5 wonderfull days at the Paradisus. The staff, service food and drinks were outstanding.The only problem here was an unfrendly manager of the gift shop, he and his attitude have no business at a 5 star resort.Benny the bartender in the loby bar is one of the best in the world. Have him create a drink for you.The pool and beach are super and very clean, they have a crew out every morning cleaning the beach.Do not miss the trip to the villages for shopping along with the rum and cigar factory. We are already talking about another visit in 2008.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>anna3904
<Content>Awfull service!!! I'll have to say that the resort itself is very nice and clean, and the rooms are comfortable, but the service and food completly ruin the experience. We stayed at the Royal Service Oceanview Room and I would say that the extra cost was worth it considering the private pool and beach, and an exclusive restaurant (which really saved us in terms of acceptable food).Food: The food was acceptable but not good at all considering the 5* hotel rating. The a la carte restaurants were worse than the buffet. We actually ended up leaving one of the restaurants and went to eat dinner at the buffet after being served inedible pasta. The only decent restaurant was Gaby Beach (only available to Royal Service), it had amazing lobster tail and steak, but that was about it. I also got mild food poisoning, but will not blame the hotel for that, it was my mistake eating a suspicious looking seafood salad. Beach/Pool: Since we stayed at the Royal Service we only used their private pool and beach, which both had really comfotable beds. We went during the low season so the beach had ample lounge chairs and huts. The beach was very nice, but if you are a swimmer, there are seaweeds. However, the private pool had very limited spaces to lie down, it had only about 8 beds per about 100 Royal Service rooms. You had to reserve one if you wanted to stay by the pool in advance, and often it was not available even 2 days pior (and that considering the low season!).Room: Room was nice and clean. Mini bar was restocked daily, and the room was cleaned everyday on a timely basis. The room had Internet access which was very nice since we didn't need to go anywhere to use the Internet.Service: The service was truly horrible. People at the resort hardly spoke English and they found it acceptable since many guests did speak Spanish (unfortunatly we did not). It took hours to get something that you requested and the staff would often forget about you completly. The worst service was at the RS pool. Several times, we asked for drinks on the beach or at the pool and would wait for an hour, after which we would realize the staff simply forgot about us and would end up going to get it ourselves. Tipping didn't help pool. The worst part was that the staff would actually get upset at you for asking about the drink that you ordered half an hour ago. I remember a situation when the pool concierge, Ahmed, was very rude when I tryed to ask him for my drink. When I mentioned it to the RS manager, she was very apologetic and assured me it would not happen again. However, the next day this vindictive employee completly ignored us while serving everybody aroung us. It just seems that this hotel has very poor human resources policies. The only really great service (compared to the rest) we got was at the lobby bar. Bartenders were great and we ended up hanging out there every night, since there is no night life at this resort anyway. Overall this hotel was not awfull, but considering the cost, especially the premium for the Royal Service, I would never go back. Many lower class resorts are comparable or even better.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	1	3	

<Author>Liette
<Content>Nice but.... I must start by saying it is a beautiful Resort the decor is remarkable and very somptuous this is really a 5* has for that matter.We have taken the Royal Service but like the other review points it is not needed. The buttler is hardly ever there or if he is, forgets your reservation either for the restaurants or the beach Palapa..The beach is OK but lots of sea herbs, but this is the Ocean?Food is not very good in Punta Cana but if you have to pick a restaurant at the resort the Vento is the best and choose the Beef Rossilini. We had problems with the Air Condition in the room bur they came and fix it in 5 minutes. But on Saturday night they had no Air Condition in restaurants and it was so HOT. It was resolve the next day.The entertainment SHOWS and the music in restaurant is bad Techno music very loud. They could put other kind of music at the Gaby Beach restaurant for the Royal Service only. People were around 45 and plus?. In the lobby no music on Sunday night and wednesday. The piano is until 7:30 and nothing after that???Guess it is for people who likes reading during vacation. This time the weather was very windy and hardly any sunshine?  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>dougkojak
<Content>Almost Heaven               More photos  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Overcard
<Content>Unbeatable Relaxation, Luxury, and Fun! My wife and I just returned to the USA after an 8 day honeymoon at the Paradisis Palma Real. We had a fantastic time and I would recommend this to anyone who is looking to relax in style. The hotel is fantastic, the service is great, the activities are fun, and the ocean view is unbelievable.Here is a quick overview of what to expect as a US tourist heading to the Palma Real.(1) The DR is a Spanish speaking country and the staff at Palma Real is no exception. An English speaking employee is always close at hand, but don't expect everyone to speak English as many of the guests are also Spanish or German speaking and Americans aren't their #1 audience. If you have an open mind and don't mind being patient, you'll have no problem with language.(2) Don't be afraid to ask for assistance when you get there. The staff that checks you in at the front desk won't explain how the resort works. To avoid wandering around aimlessly for your first two days, ask the guest relations attendant to explain the following things to you when you arrive (she'll be seated at a desk to the left of the checkin counter). Find out (a) When and where to eat (b) Where to schedule activities (c) Where to reserve watersport activities (d) What shows are playing and where and (e) How the buffet works.(3) The dinner on the beach costs about $300 extra and needs to be reserved a few days in advance. We didn't do it because of cost, but it did look nice.(4) There doesn't seem to be a big advantage with the Royal Service. They have a private beach with cushioned chairs...but other than that it didn't seem like a big deal.(5) Bring about $200 in $1 dollar bills for tips. As a general rule, you'll tip about $5 to the waiter each night at dinner, about $10 / day to the drink waitresses, $5/day to the bartenders, $2/day to the maid, and $2/order to room service. The tips aren't required, but they're very much appreciated. When you consider that much of the staff lives on about $1,000 a year, a $5 tip goes a long way!(6) Whenever anyone tells you that an offsite excursion is 10 minutes away - assume it is really 40 minutes away. Ten minutes is the universal response and it was never true. :)(7) Don't buy anything at the hotel gift shop. Here's where to purchase your gifts. The town mall is the cheepest. It is a $10 cab ride each way from the resort, but you'll get everything at the best price. The next cheepest is actualy the airport when you're leaving. You'll find the same stuff (keychains, art, etc.) in that gift shop and it will be a fixed price which is very low. The next cheepest are the markets at either end of the beach. You'll have to barter at these shops, and don't be intimidated! The store keepers first price will be absurd. Take 20% of the price they offer and tell them that's what you want to pay. They'll usually end up accepting about 40% of their original price. If you hit a stalemate during bartering, tell them that you saw the same items at the airport and you'll just get them there. Be willing to walk away if you feel like you're paying more than you need to for ggifts! The most expensive gifts are actually at the bazaar that the resort hosts - there will be one night with all of the local merchants come onsite and try to sell you stuff. Don't get taken. :)With these tips, you'll have a great time! It was an unbelievable trip and I would go back there as soon as possible!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>coberg
<Content>What a special celebration My husband adult children and I just got back this week. We stayed over the Thanksgiving weekend .to celebrate my 50th birthday. This resort is gorgeous. There were no roaches and the place is very clean!! We had no problems with check-in or the service the safe did not work. When we arrived. Security came in immediately and fixed it. The food was ok. Vento was the best. There is a hidden secret. Vento is also open for breakfast and lunch. The dinners there were wonderful. I though For the most part, the food was awful. We had no problem getting pool chairs and papalas. The only problem we had was with the lady who on has to meet for transfers. We had VIP transfers. Her extreme rudeness was in sharp contrast with the staff at the hotel. I can鈥檛 figure out why it is now in9th place. I have stayed in 5 star hotels all over the word. Except for Le Blanc in Cancun, I thought this was the best all inclusive anywhere  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>perkyperk
<Content>Loved this resort--absolutly beautiful  My husband  I just got back --we stayed from Nov. 16-23. This is the most beautiful resort we have stayed at. Contrary to what we have read from other negative reviews here is our opinion: There was not one roach or any bug for that matter anywhere!! The place is emaculate!! The rooms are beautiful with large very comfy beds, large jacuzzi,stocked mini bar, and all the imenities. Yes the door to the toilet is a frosted glass but oh well, it is nice. The shower seemed to get water on the floor so put some towels down before you get in. The food is average for an all inclusive resort!!!! What do you people think your getting--remember you are in a foreign country too. There are plenty of beds, chairs, and places to hang all day--but get up early and reserve them to you have your spot all day to hang. Bring lots of ones and fives!!! Men dress appropriatly, just be prepared for the dress code. The spa is beautiful. We got massages that were pretty good besides for the 16% sales tax they add on. Ridiculous!!! Make sure you have time either before or after to use the spa because you can only use it when you get your service and it is the only place with an actually HOT jacuzzi. We had no problem with anything, check in  check out literally took us 10 mins. Our room was ready early and we had no problems with keys or service anywhere. Be careful when walking the beach outside of the resort, the locals hound you and all are selling the same stuff. It is really annoying when you are trying to just take a nice walk. And yes, try the Mama Juana, it will get you all messed up!! The bartenders at the swim up bar are great!! Alexis, Juaquin, and Lenin are always up beat, friendly, and so much fun. My husband has been saying Take it for the last week since we have been home. All and all, this resort was absolutly beautiful, they did not miss a trick here. Would highly recommend it!!!!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kcjhawk99
<Content>OK but not great - an unbiased review of our experience My wife and I just got back from 4 days at Paradisus Palma Real 11/17/06-11/22/06 and wanted to share our experiences for future travelers. I appreciated reading the reviews beforehand and want to present my unbiased opinions here with a few extra details I wish I would have had ahead of time. Overall, there was a lot we liked about the resort but also several things that really need to be fixed. While it was an enjoyable vacation, I can鈥檛 say I鈥檇 give it my highest recommendation and I highly doubt we will make it back.If you do choose this resort here are my main tips: Bring plenty of American dollars and make sure you have small bills for tipping 鈥?change is impossible to find and if you have to get more money it will be in pesos, which you don鈥檛 want. This is especially important if you plan on gambling since it鈥檚 easy to spend (i.e. lose) all your dollars. This was a major headache for us so I want to stress it. Speaking of tipping, we tipped our butler, bartenders, and pool service. I gave it all to them the last day, but wished I would have done it each day 鈥?probably would have got better service that way. Also, men should make sure they bring long pants and closed toe shoes to wear to dinner which almost all restaurants require. As for Royal Service 鈥?if you can spring for it, do it. Why not? You get a couple of additional restaurant choices, can avoid the buffets, get liquor in your room, and the private pool and beach are relaxing. Resort: The resort itself is beautiful. Lushly landscaped, very nice open air lobby, fantastic central courtyard with fountains and tables. No complaints here, very nice all around. Also, in case you鈥檙e wondering, its only about a 20 minute drive from the airport to the resort depending on traffic.Rooms: We booked Royal Service Oceanfront Jacuzzi suite on the hotel website. I think this is the only segment for a true ocean view. All others have partial ocean view at an angle and most are quite far from the beach. The room looked pretty nice albeit not particularly big or noteworthy. The bathroom was also rather small. We had a minibar with beer, soda, juice, and water that was restocked daily, and we had the butler bring bottles of liquor to the room. This is free for Royal Service but I think you have to pay for otherwise. One note about the room 鈥?the toilet is located about 2 feet from the sink separated only by a see-through glass door, so privacy can be minimal. You could tell the construction of the room was not of the highest quality, and that corners were definitely cut. One example is the shower that had nice tiled walls but a cheap, flimsy plastic floor that felt like you might step through it. Pretty sorry. The bed was acceptably comfortable and the pillow menu was nice to have. The maids never did restock our soap/shampoo however, and I had to go pick another roll of toilet paper off their cart myself.Pool/beach: The beach is nice and big with soft white sand and lots of tall beautiful palm trees. We loved those palms! There is a lot of seaweed that spoils the look a bit. They have guys out in the morning trying to clean it up, but it鈥檚 a losing cause. The cabanas on the beach are very nice to have and there are lots of chairs to lay out. The whole beach is open so there is always a steady parade of people walking by from other reports to watch. We only saw a couple of locals trying to sell stuff, and they were not aggressive at all, just walked by. Overall, we really enjoyed being on the beach. The pool was also nice. The main pool is gigantic, but we stayed in the Royal Service pool the whole time. It was nice to have a smaller area for ourselves, and the bar was close. If you have RS definitely reserve a Bali bed the day before 鈥?they are great to have a home base for the day and to lay down to take a snooze in the afternoon. By the way, the RS pool bar staff are the best 鈥?Wander and Robert especially made our time at the bar fun and always had a smile and laugh. Be forewarned 鈥?lots of Speedos and a few isolated topless sunbathers/walkers will be at both the beach and pool.Food: Simply said, not great. I鈥檒l run through our experiences quickly. Ate at the smaller snack buffet the first day for lunch and was not at all impressed with the selection or quality here. The next 3 days we ate at Gabi Beach restaurant for lunch 鈥?this is for RS only, but if you have RS, I recommend going here for lunch. The food was pretty good, you can wear your swimsuit, the drink menu much better than other bars, and the service was good (Hector). Don鈥檛 be put off by prices on the menu 鈥?this is only because it is open to people from other resorts as well. As for dinner, we ate at Nana and Vento. At Nana you can choose the bistro or the hibachi (cook at the table). Unfortunately, we chose the bistro side and the food quite simply sucked. Don鈥檛 know if it was an off day or what, but everything from the appetizers to main dishes to dessert was subpar at best. We鈥檙e not food gourmets or anything, but it really wasn鈥檛 very good. Vento was much better where I had a pretty good beef filet and a good steak. Both of the restaurants themselves were very nice with classy ambiance. As for drinks, the frozen drinks at the pool bars were definitely not the best I鈥檝e had at tropical resorts, but were acceptable. Other drinks are poured nice and stiff. The local beer Presidente is actually good, and the local dark rum is also good. Ask a bartender for some Mama Juana, the local drink, and give it a try. Also, don鈥檛 overlook the Royal Service lounge for lunch or afternoon snacks. Both were good and there was never anybody in there.Service: OK but not great. We got to the hotel around 3:30 but our room wasn鈥檛 ready until almost 6:00, which is just ridiculous especially in a Royal Service room. Good thing we鈥檙e pretty laid back as some people would have been super upset by this. As mentioned previously, the maids didn鈥檛 restock the toiletries in the room 鈥?maybe you have to request it? Restaurant service was generally good. Bartenders were probably the best, always willing to talk and share a laugh even though the language barrier was a little tough sometimes. The front desk was generally quick about bringing requested items (an iron, ice, additional pillows, etc.) fairly quickly. Our butler was also helpful. One tip if you are in RS 鈥?ask your butler to have a bath drawn for you and it will be ready when you get back to your room. They will do this for free, or there is an additional charge service where they put rose petals in the tub and give you champagne.Entertainment: The casino is small but has slot machines, blackjack, roulette, and 3-card poker. We actually won a little on the slots (they only take U.S. dollars). However, the blackjack dealers were incredibly rude. Stone faced, no expression or humor, and dealt incredibly fast to the point where they gave me another card before I had a chance to double down on an eleven. Made it not even enjoyable. We caught a couple of shows that they have nightly in the theater, and both were actually pretty high-quality productions. One was a latin dance show, and the other a kind of Dominican Backstreet Boys (better than it sounds). There was also a dance club, but we never made it in.Spa: Didn鈥檛 go.Overall, we enjoyed our stay but I think at $600+ a night offseason, it was only a fair value. We had a lot of cocktails, so that helps you get your money鈥檚 worth, but again, if you are looking for fine food you would definitely do better elsewhere. I think the resort itself is the nicest on Bavaro Beach but the Dominican may still have a ways to go to reach the levels of luxury and service found at many other Caribbean destinations.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>yentabecky
<Content>Don't Go Here My partner and I were here from 11/18-11/25. Our problems began immediately.We booked an upgraded package (not Royal Service) but, they did not honor the booking. When we inquired, they responded by saying your travel agent did not book what you asked for. Imagine their surprise when we whipped out a copy of the reservation which showed exactly what we reserved.Needless to say, it somehow took them 24 hours to honor the upgrade and move our room. At this time, the hotel was not running at full capacity so, to this day, I can't imagine what took 24 hours.The new room was loaded with issues as well. The safe did not work. When Security came, they said they could not fix it until the following day. I asked them to lock into a time because we had to wait for them. They said they would come at 8:00 a.m. but, they did not arrive until 9:30 a.m.There was also a problem with the lock on the door to the room. We went through endless keycards throughout our stay. At one point, we were told that they were waiting for a part for the door, which had to come from Santo Domingo. The part never came and, every day, we got locked out and had to go to the lobby to get new keys to access our room.While some of the staff was pleasant, nobody has a sense of urgency. Five minutes means one hour. When you have as many problems on vacation as we did, you tend to run out of patience.At one point, we asked to speak to the property manager and we were told he was on vacation. Really? A hotel of this magnitude and there is no manager on duty? Really? I don't think so.Our upgraded package was supposed to have included a 15% discount on services at the spa. Needless to say, the discount was not factored into our bill and it took almost an hour to resolve when we went to check out.For the most part, the food was awful. The only good meal we had in seven days was at Passions restaurant.After the third day, we wound up making ourselves a viennese table plate from the dessert bar and eating that for lunch.The grounds were lovely and the booze flowed. The bartenders at the lobby bar have an idea of customer service.The waitress delivering drinks at the beach made a point to ask us not to forget her.The first night, we went to the Casino. We were playing the slot machines and decided to cash out. One of the staff heard the sound of the coins dropping, ran to our machine and started scooping the coins up and putting them in a cup. He actually had the nerve to turn to me and ask do you have anything for me? I was completely appalled.At lunch one day, one of the busboys actually asked us for one of our cigarettes. Isn't he supposed to be doing things for the guests other than grubbing from them?Two years ago, we went to Iberostar Bavaro. It was half the price but, ten times the customer service. Go there instead.This was the first vacation in many, many years that I did not enjoy-largely attributable to the neglectful staff.I will write a letter to the chain as well as a manager with a Miami address.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>stb3
<Content>Never again. Ever! I have to rate this resort as a very poor way to spend a vacation. I was so dissapointed with this place. I travel quite a bit within a great range of places from the finest to the merely average. I have traveled extensively in the Carribbean and I know what to expect. Slow service is the norm so I don't get upset about it, ever. However... the service at paradisus is so terrible and somtimes non-existant. I am a patient, considerate person. I do not expect perfection but I came away very upset I spent my money on this place. I traveled with my husband and my 13 month old daughter. We paid for Family Concierge service. If you must go to this resort, and I do mean MUST, don't pay for this unless you have a gaggle of children who can use the walkie talkie and have fun calling the concierge. He will never fulfill requests but at least the children won't care. It was useless and our few requests never were fulfilled. They were as nice as pie, but no success. I ordered feather pillows and they came after we fell asleep. The feathers also smelled mildewed and they covered it up with a green apple scent! Gross! By the end of the trip it became a big joke to see what would and would not get done. They would clean our room one day and not the next. Turn down service would be done one evening and not the next. The rooms were nice and the resort itself is very beautiful, but that is the only positive thing I have to say. We had a trail of ants running through our room and we saw some small black centipedes around the toilet. They were not so bad- but someone kept leaving room service dishes outside our door and the ants would literally come in the thousands and I would call for someone to take the dishes away but they would not pick them up until the next day -literally in the late afternoon, so we had to step over the ant hill each time we went to and fro. The noise level in my room each morning (6am) was insane- mostly slamming doors and kids crying. If you have one well behaved child do yourself a favor and ask for a room away from the the gads of bratty, unsupervised children. It was awful having to fend away an annoying little girl who kept trying to lick my baby's fingers and pick my baby up all day, each day. Her parents were nowhere in sight most of the time. The food was not very good, but if you really look you can find something edible at the buffet, unless they decide to serve the entrees from the evening before. They did a nice job on the Thanksgiving buffet, they really tried so incredibly hard. I don't have the heart to say anything bad about it. Then the next morning I noticed the same dishes in the breakfast buffet. It was weird seeing turkey and stuffed pork, etc... the next day at breakfast. Some restaurants are horrible while others are only decent. I know good food and wine, so if you do, than don't come here expecting it. The shows were bad, but who really cares- this is not New York or Vegas. The beach is beautiful, it really is. There was a ton of seaweed washed up on the shore and in the water so if you don't like the feeling of things brushing all over your skin in the water you may not be happy with it. The resort is huge and there was always a palapa open on the beach-another positive thing! I should mention that it took over an hour to check in for no good reason. It is never nice to fly somewhere and then finally get there only to have to wait for nothing- the room actually was ready. So annoying. You will have to wear a Paradisus bracelet for the duration of your stay. Upon checkout the concierge was not helpful with arranging our airport transportation when asked. Pardon me, but isn't that a concierge's job??? The problem is that although they are nice, no one here has accountability or an understanding of their job description. The food was only edible and you will most likely enconter a situation where you need help but you may not get it. I think your money would be better spent elsewhere. My time is too valuable to waste here ever again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>psuedofrog
<Content>2 star service at a 5 star hotel The Paradisus Punta Cana is a BEAUTIFUL HOTEL with a BEAUTIFUL BEACH and the buck stops there.The lack of customer service and attention to detail should remove linit this locations ability to be a Luxury Hotel of the World.Basic hotel staff fundamentals are lacking such as:-Timing of dinner service in the sit down restaurants (ie a non buffet meal taking 2- 3 hours.. ) not a plus when you have small children. We are adults used to the timings of a leisurely meal however, this type of leasure is not to be desired-Wait staff not knowing what to do when items listed on the menu are not available (food item or wine). -Lack of a first aid kit ANYWHERE on site. A guest stubbed their toe while dancing resulting in blood everywhere. The reponse from staff was buy some bandaids at the gift shop we dont have anything to help you. Guess what - no band aids at the gift shop either which most likely would have cost $10.-Housekeeping removing dirty towel and then not replenishing with clean items (ie shower gel, bath mats, face towels, robes). If someone is going to be keying into my room 3 times a day - I would hope they would be able to replinish basic items.-Inability to action simple tasks.All of the staff are nice. But the pricing of the hotel and the way it is promoted does not warrant the service received upon arrivial.The hotel should also look into updating its included excursions as many result in sales pitches for condos (a bike ride excusrion) or your picture on a bottle of rum (horse back riding on some very tired horses).I am sure there are other resorts in the DR that will provide similar beach and perhaps not as nice architecture but a better QUALITY of experience.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	2	2	2	

<Author>gonefrom3kids
<Content>Mediocre experience at nice resort We just returned from a 5 day stay at Palma Real. We took another couple, my husband's largest customer and also friends. Having just stayed in the D.R. at Secrets in March, we loved the island and decided to return, trying the Palma at our travel agent's suggestion. We had a great time and thought the resort was lovely in many ways, but even with the Royal Service (don't splurge), it couldn't compare to our first experience. The weather ----was perfect - 85 and sunny and slightly breezy, rained like a bat out of hell just one evening. The resort itself ----is very pretty and well maintained, but the decor is a too formal and impersonal feeling for my tastes. All the marble, art deco accents, and the long distance between different sections of the property made it seem like a dime-a-dozen, been-here-done-that, no-personal-touch 4 star resort to me. It does have the advantage of being so spread out that it never felt crowded at all, even as Thanksgiving tourists began to arrive. Our room ----was beautiful, large, had nice amenities. We had a nice garden view on the first floor. It never got cleaned up before 3 or 4 p.m. - no big deal since we weren't inside then.Royal Service --- We got it since we were led to believe we couldn't get Bali beds and other amenities we enjoyed at Secrets unless we did - not true. The best ameneity was free internet to contact home, etc but it was down off and on. Our butler was delightful but didn't come through with any of our 4 or 5 requests - like Baileys liquor in our room, the right pillows from the menu, or dinner requests for our $600 dinner on the beach for my birthday. The Royal Service pool was nice and so was the beach section, but no nicer than the rest of the resort. Not worth it at all!Meals --- so-so. Vento was the most enjoyable, best quality. Sushi was also pretty good. The hibachi grill was decent but took almost 3 hours - we missed a show we wanted to see. We found the hostess system useless and unfriendly, and the wait staff was either aloof or downright pained at having to help guests. The wine list is not very inspiring - ask for the other list that you have to pay for if you are a wine drinker.Bars --- best part of Royal Service were the bartenders and beach/pool waiters. Ahmed and Wander were great. Drinks were made well and with plenty of alcohol. The swim up bar got busy and fun in the afternoon - about the only part of the too large main pool that got used.Beach ---- lovely. A little seaweed in the surf close in, but who cares! Nothing better than a beautiful day on the beach and a little snooze on a bed and long walks. There are some cute souvenir shops down to the right - we found the sellers not nearly as pushy as at Secrets and the selection better.Horseback --- very nice guys and decent horses, but a much longer and very bumpy ride to the site than we were told for only a hour horseride. The beach we rode along was gorgeous. But not worth the 3-4 hours we ended up being gone.Spa -- Terrific massage and very nice facility.Service in general -- a 2 out of 5. Just not friendly or eager to accomodate - and we even speak fluent Spanish. A few gems, but at Secrets every employee was charming and couldn't wait to try to help out.I would not return to Palma Real. I would go back to Secrets without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Babbie
<Content>Relax and enjoy in a different culture My best friend and I went away for our 40th birthdays...after careful and extensive research, we decided on The Paradisus Palma Real in Punta Cana. That was 6 months ago. Since then we have frequently checked Trip Advisor and saw mixed reviews...In fact the reviews about the roaches really freaked me out!!! Well we were there from the 8th through the 15th of November and absolutely loved it. I have traveled extensively and found it to be immaculate and luxurious. Your'e in the Dominican Republic...the people (staff) are so lovely...but also extremely poor so tipping goes a LONG way. We each brought $100 in singles and found that not only did we get ROYAL service without paying for it, but the staff were truly enjoyable to talk to. The food was good...not amazing...sometimes overseasoned or just different. But you're not in NY or in a large city, so get over it and enjoy the overflowing drinks, ocean views, beautiful, clean, bug free rooms and amazing people. It is an island frequently visited by Europeans (again and again)...so step out of your box and have a great vacation. email me with any questions.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JayH47
<Content>We had a wonderful time here! 10 tips... My wife and I just returned from the Dominican Republic and I'll just say that we had an exceptionally good time at this resort. The grounds and rooms were clean and BEAUTIFUL, the staff was helpful, and the food was well above average.Here are a 10 suggestions to make your stay a little more enjoyable...1. Take a currency calculator or figure out the exchange rate. It will save you loads of hassle.2. Take the time to learn some simple Spanish phrases (i.e., foods you might want to request, directional phrases).3. Upon arriving at the airport and getting your bags, if you do not have pre-arranged transportation, ask for a taxi. They are cheaper and quicker than the shuttles.4. We stayed in Building 35 and had a garden view suite, but our balcony actually had a view of the ocean. We were also located near all of the bars, restaurants and pools. So you may try to request a room in that building if possible.5. Food: I would recommend Vento (try the veal) and Passions (try the steak) as the two best restaurants on-site. At Bana (sushi, tepanyaki) we received average service and so-so food. However, the Tepanyaki bar is good place to meet other hotel guests. Naos is pretty hit and miss, but it has a wide variety of dishes so you're bound to find something you like. The Market Grill has good fried food (french fries, calamari, etc.) and burgers, hot dogs, and bratwurst. It's not exactly open 24 hours as advertised, but you can sneak down for a quick late night snack.6. The on-site casino is a decent place to get some blacjack or roulette in one or two nights, but it's not somewhere you'd want to spend a whole lot of your time. The dealers are vicious and unfriendly (not unlike some Vegas Casinos). The poker table was never open, but that's probably a good thing for me.7. Bars: Sorry, but I don't remember the names of any of the bars. I was too busy getting hammered. They're all great with friendly drink slingers. Only one of them stood out. We spent a good amount of time in the lobby bar with our favorite bartender, Henry. Stay away from the Mamajuana...I'm not kidding.8. Island Excursion: I HIGHLY recommend taking this trip to Saona Island. Ask the front desk about it, and set aside one entire day. You leave and 7:00 am and return at 6:00-ish. It was the BEST part of our trip. 9. Tipping: Always an issue. My view: if you think that the service is exceptional and deserves a tip, then tip. If not, then don't. Simple. The staff was never rude or incredulous when I didn't tip, and always greatful when I did.10. Relax. The pace of life in this country is slllooooooowwww. Enjoy the change of pace and don't freak out if your dinner takes a little longer than usual. You're paying for the relaxation as much as the service.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>amybeth18
<Content>It's as beautiful as described. here are our hints my wife read every D.R. resort review before settling on the Palma Real and she made the right choice (and I'm not just saying that because she's sitting behind me. ;)unlike MANY places, the pics on the website actually LOOK like the place. It's just beautiful. We went to Manati Park one day to swim w/the dolphins and our bus picked up people at 4 or 5 other hotels, and the other hotels looked like Howard Johnsons by comparison.the staff are incredibly friendly and warm. they try to please. the rooms we thought were great- there is no need for an ocean view- the view of the gardens was beautiful. On another review we read, someone was complaining about bugs- we didn't see a bug the entire time and we were on the 1st floor. the halls and rooms were very clean, so not sure why that person had that experience.I'm a picky traveler (I travel a lot for work) so I hope these help:HINTS: 1A) when booking, most airlines go thru Miami (we flew thru Miami from Washington, DC)- on the way back you MUST get your bags after going thru passport control and drag your luggage again thru a 2nd customs check and give them back to your airline for the 2nd part of your flight- so make sure you have at least 2 hours between flights if you have to transfer in Miami.Bring a small extra bag for anything you buy- REMEMBER- as of this summer you CANNOT bring more than 3 ounces of liquid in your carry-on. so if you plan to buy rum there, you'll need to check it (and pack it well- our 4 bottles arrived just fine).1) bring everything- especially conditioner- the shampoo/conditioner they supply doesn't do much after a week in the beach/pool. also- toiletries at the hotel shop are beyond ridiculous- you don't expect deals at a hotel shop, but 18 dollars for a bottle of suntan oil. Seriously- EIGHTEEN dollars??? that's insane even for a hotel shop. same for deoderant, aloe, shaving cream, toothpaste, etc. so make sure you have enough.IMMODIUM...IMMODIUM....IMMODIUM. buy it now. i only had 1 day with some stomach issues and I think I was to blame- I'd been eating tons of fruit so it prob. was my fault.2) not everyone's English is perfect. you're in THEIR country so print out a list of common spanish phrases (or take the spanish class they offer- it's very basic phrases). the 2 words you may need to know: ICE = iello (pron. ee-yellow) and TOWELS = tuallas (pron. two-ayas), MAIDS= camaristas. they like to practice their english on you so be patient and compliment them on their efforts.3) the water and ice IS PURIFIED, so soups, etc are safe to eat. bottled water is everywhere. put a bottle of water from the minibar immediately into the sink when you arrive so you don't accidentally forget and drink sink water when brushing your teeth (shower/bath water is NOT purifed from what we heard).4) TIPS- yes, bring a bunch of $1 bills- but we did NOT tip every single person or every time. only at 2 of the restaurants did we tip due to great service. the bellhops of course we tipped for bringing our bags. We tipped Lenin, the amazingly friendly pool bartender about $3 on the 2nd day and he hooked us the rest of the time- if there was a crowd at the pool bar, he'd come to me right away. We also gave him $5 the last day. 5) an employee we were friendly with told us that some people tip their favorite employees on the last day- for me it seems to make sense to tip early so you get good treatment throughout your stay instead, but it's your call. ALSO- make sure to single out great employees BY NAME in the comment card at the end. They get bonus points for that.6) there isn't a ton of nitelife. we're in our 30s and it was fine- if I wanted to party all nite I'd have gone to a club med or stayed in South Beach. there are niteclubs at nearby hotels. but if you're looking for a place to party til the wee hours- this IS NOT your resort. this is a place to chill. there ARE activities during the day- salsa and merengue lessons or volleyball or snorkeling, or tennis, etc.7) if you want a day bed you'll need to get up early. even with the resort relatively empty during our stay, most of them were reserved (just put a towel down) by about 7:30am. we were quite happy with grabbing 2 chairs underneath a palapa (the leafy huts)- who needs a plastic mattress? 8) be EXTRA CAREFUL with the sun your first day or 2. unless you live near a tropical beach, realize you are many hours closer to the equator. GO to a tanning salon at least a few times before your trip and bring a strong SPF for the first day or so. you can make a huge mistake by thinking that the sun is the same as it is in DC (where we're from) or other northern cities. even in the summer it's much stronger there.9) if you can, try to book when there is a full moon the week of your stay- a neat tip from someone who works at the Paradisus! the full moon lights up the whole beach and it was beautiful.10) the buffets for breakfast and lunch we thought were quite good- a decent variety of local and american-style food- french toast, omelettes, meats, cheeses, fruit, etc. plus local salads and fruit and desserts.Passions- the adult restaurant, we thought was very good. is it on par with a 5-star NY restaurant? no, but it's still very good. The service is quite brisk...this isn't a European style dinner with long pauses between courses. We liked Bana the Asian restaurant- not the teppanyaki side (the portions were kinda small) but the regular side where the portions were quite big. loved the crispy duck and the chocolate molten cake. 11) all-inclusive does not necessarily mean all inclusive. scuba diving, the water spa next to the gym, and at Passions they'll give you 2 wine lists, one of which is not included. but there was plenty of other things to do for free. we only went to 1 evening show- the jazz show- a bit of a misnomer since jazz was not really what they played, and we had a great time. yes you'll feel a little silly dancing in a conga line, so what, everyone else in the room is too. just go with it; you're on vacation!12) remember you're on vacation. our room wasn't ready for almost an hour after we arrived- normally that would've made me very angry (since we arrived at 4:30), but when you look around and realize how beautiful the place is, take a breath, have a sip of your welcome mimosa and be fine with it. the food, the staff and the scenery all make it worth it. We were very happy we chose the Palma Real and if this is an indication of the other Paradisus resorts, we'll certainly consider them in the future.13) monday night the local vendors come to sell their stuff. they intentionally overquote you- so make sure to take AT LEAST half and probably 2/3 off their price. they'll call you crazy, so go up a few dollars and stay firm. Laramar, the type of stone that much of the jewelry is made from, runs about 15-20 US dollars for a ring in the airport (in the departure terminal). necklaces were a bit more, but they'll quote you 60 or 70 for a ring that sells for 15-20 at the airport. same with Rum. Brugal is a brand of rum that sells for 15-17 a bottle in the hotel store- and that's obviously marked up quite a bit. we were also able to trade 2 American t-shirts for a big bag of coffee. they love anything with english writing on it so bring along 2 or 3 old shirts or a pair of jeans if you're feeling like trading. deseas negocear is do you want to trade in spanish.REMEMBER...you're on vacation. relax and have fun.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RanAndNess
<Content>For a relaxing vacation. My husband and I stayed for 3 nights at the Paradisus Palma Real in Punta Cana, from Nov 2nd to the 5th, celebrating our 5th year wedding anniversary. We are both business owners, ages 29 and 31, and have traveled all over the caribbean and Mexico. As many others, we also were a little worry about the P.P.R. after reading some of the reviews from people unhappy with the food, service, cleanliness of the resort, etc. I hope this review helps in easing some of that apprehension.PUNTA CANA AIRPORT: Be prepared for two things; 1) There's a $10 fee for a so-called Tourist Card, which you purchase before you reach the front of the line to clear your documents, and which nobody seems to know what is for, since you hand it in as you are heading to the Baggage Area. 2) The porters are a bit pushy in wanting to help you with your bags. They will escort you to your mode of transportation to the hotel.RIDE TO P.P.R.: The ride from the airport to P.P.R. is about 20 minutes. Some people have called the drive depressing and even sad, but the truth is that as most islands in the caribbean, this is a third-world country. We take these rides along these towns in all these islands, as a reminder of how blessed we are. The people in D.R. are most friendly and welcoming. Always offering a smile and a wave hello.PARADISUS PALMA REAL: We opted for the Royal Service feature and upon arrival we informed the bellboy, who helped us with our bags and walked us over to the Royal Service Lounge for check-in. We were greeted with two Mimosas and cold towels, introduced to our butlers Miguel and Henry, and told about the ammenities in the R.S lounge (free internet service, etc) as well as the other R.S. features. We were escorted to our room by Miguel who gave us an introductory tour of the resort's main areas along the way. As previously said, the architectural design of the resort is just beautiful, clean and modern / comtemporary; the grounds are kept immaculately groomed and the lay-out flows efficiently, although for R.S. guests it may require some walking to get to the restaurants (not an issue for us).ROYAL SERVICE ROOM #1092: We booked a garden-view room, as this was a short trip and we didn't feel the need for an ocean-view. The rooms, as previously described, are furnished in a modern / contemporary design style; with great ammenities such as a plasma TV, CD and DVD player, sitting area with two tables, jacuzzi tub, separate shower, mini bar, and balcony. Our housekeepers did a fine job, and turn-down service was done for us all but one night, when we had to request it. The pillow menu is one of my favorite features (I chose an orthopedic / memory foam pillow just like home!. Husband opted for the aromatherapy in green apple)ROYAL SERVICE: 1) Access to the R.S. pool- which although smaller than the others, is more conveniently located to the R.S. guest rooms, and the R.S. beach section. You can reserve a palapa-covered bali bed at the pool and/or the beach, one day in advance. The beach area is raked for seaweed, and the water is cool and clear. 2) Access to the R.S. lounge. 3) Butler service- for requests to be handled more personalized and a bit faster. 4)Access to one of the formal restaurants for a-la-carte breakfast and lunch.Note: We enjoyed the services, but I believe that for most people, R.S. could only justified the additional amount we paid, during the busy season when most public areas are crowded.FOOD: Because my husband and I are both born-and-raised New Yorkers, we are very aware of how food in most places could never compare to the quality and variety we have access to, and P.P.R. was no exception. The food was good to average in most restaurants, with our meal at BANA being our LEAST favorite (ate at both the a-la-carte' section, as well as the Hibachi). We have a full understanding of the fact that the local ingredients, water and food items are all going to produce a different result than what we would get from a meal in NY, or in a different city in the U.S. With that in mind, we had some enjoyable meals and some we wish we didn't have.NIGHTLIFE: The nightly entertainment @ the P.P.R. includes some type of performance at the theater (opted not to see any), the casino (we do not gamble in non-us casinos), and a nightclub/lounge, which offers a good time if you go there with an open mind and laid-back attitude.In conclusion, the Paradisus Palma Real is a beautiful and relaxing destination. We kept in mind that we were on vacation in a mostly-non-english-speaking, foreign (in that it wasn't Puerto Rico) island country, and we took a laid-back attitude (very hard to do for NY'ers) to the slower than we are used to service, and to the couple of meals we did not enjoy. If you are looking for a relaxing and romantic vacation, the Paradisus Palma Real will not dissapoint. GO AND ENJOY!!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Alyvia
<Content>Our Honeymoon         
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jenn82479
<Content>Amazing Honeymoon       Swans to welcome the honeymooners.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>twinsfan1302
<Content>Best Vacation Ever This was our first time to Domincan, but we have stayed at some other all-inclusive's in Mexico. PPR far exceeded our expectations. All I can say is that this resort is Perfect! Be ready to relax and catered to. From the second you arrive at the hotel you can see that you are in for a fantastic vacation. Our check-in went speedy and we were off to our rooms. All the restaraunts were great and we had no problems with the buffett food.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>karin_476
<Content>A great vaction in Punta Cana First of all, I have to say that I booked my honeymoon based on Tripadvisor reviews. I also have to say that my husband works for a 4 star Hilton and is VERY picky and knows the hospitality industry well. I have travelled extensively in Europe and the Caribbean. We spent 10 days there, October 16-25. One thing we didn't know before arriving was the airport tax. This is a $10 per person tax to get into the country. Have cash! The trip from the airport to the hotel is very scary and the porters at the airport are very pushy, so make sure you have $3 or $4 in your pocket to tip them. We had no problem with check-in. We were early but they gave us a wrist band so we were free to have lunch or swim or hit the beach. We were also served mimosas within seconds of hitting the desk. We packed our suits in the carry on so within 6 minutes of getting there we were in the pool having a Mudslide. Granted, it is October and it is the off season and the hotel was only a quarter full, but checkin was a breeze. Our room was nice, overlooked the Zen garden (we never heard the lawnmower). It was very clean and no sign of roaches anywhere. My husband packed heavy and we had to call for more hangers. They brought them to our room within 10 minutes of the call. My husband and I were both impressed with how clean the property was. Literally the grounds guys edge the lawn with a machete. Yes, there is seaweed on the beach but its a BEACH. They do a great job raking and bagging the seaweed from the beach. We found that if you were on the beach closer to Gabi beach, the water was clear and no seaweed at all. I do have to say that I was not comfortable walking down the beach. The Dominican is a third world country and we were approached to go into this shop or that and its a little unnerving. This is certainly not the Palma's problem.The food: We had no problems with the food, just don't expect NY style pizza or Wendy's burgers. Breakfast buffet has made to order waffles,eggs and quesidillas. I'm not a big breakfast person anyway but my husband had a waffle every morning. Lunch was fine, the buffet has a pasta station with 4 different sauces and the market grill has made to order burgers, chicken, hot dogs etc and a nacho station. Dinner was better than average for resort food. I had duck, lobster,scallops, steak or shrimp every night I was there ( and some combo of that). Passions is cheesy but we had great service and good food. Yes, there is a dress code for the guys. It doesn't make a lot of sense but we were aware of it before going. Passions is the only restaurant where that applies. Bana was our favorite. The sushi is awful but they can't serve raw fish (and you probably wouldn't want third world raw fish anyway). All th bars have potato and plantain chips as well as mixed nuts, pistachios and cashews.The Bars: The bartenders are awesome. Lenin and Alexis at the pool bar are famous for their telling you no when you order a drink, then saying yea no problemo. Henry at the lobby bar was our favorite in the resort. I will say I usually didn't get the same drink made the same way between the different bars.. but I really didn't care either. They have all good booze, Stoli, Absoluts (flavors at Passions) etc. The first night I was there, I must have drank a half bottle of Baileys. I did teach Henry how to make a Manhattan without a full shot of vermouth.Nightlife: This is not a late night resort but we knew that before going. We did meet 2 other cool couples that kept us entertained. Most nights we would meet at the lobby bar, have drinks, have dinner, drink at the casino (the guys would gamble) then hit the disco. Yes, the disco is a little sad and the Dominican music does get a little old but we got to know the dj's and they ended up playing Bon Jovi and Red Hot chili peppers etc. We had fun goofing around. There were several nights when we didn't get back to the room till 3am. I have nothing but great things to say about the staff. My high school Spanish definitely helped but almost all the service staff speaks some English. The housekeepers and the grounds guys didn't. But they would always nod and smile. These people are very hard working and are glad to have their jobs. We took $100 in dollar bills, $100 in fives for tips.I was at the resort at the same time as the previous reviewer and I only experienced a 10 minute black out one evening. They do have a generator. I didn't experience any water outages.The only negative thing I have to say about the place, is the Sol Melia travel club. They circulate people around that approach you to buy into the club. I got caught on the second day after too many cocktails in the palapa. I was approached by a woman who asked if I had gotten my welcome gift. The welcome gift is for when you sit through their 60 minute presentation. We didn't stay, my husband explained that he worked for Hilton. The next Monday, they started again. If you tell them that you have been there for more than a week and that you have already been to get your welcome bag, they leave you alone. That was the only annoying thing.We didn't do any of the excursions. Our biggest decision of the day was beach or pool. We had no problem getting a palapa either.We were very very happy with this property. You need to keep in mind that you are travelling OUTSIDE the US and that everything isn't going to be the way it is here. If you want that, go to Florida or California.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Minkky2424
<Content>Paradisus Palma Real -- A Roach Hotel I spent ten nights at this resort with my boyfriend and we were very disappointed. The whole resort is a BEAUTIFUL unfinished thought. We paid for an ocean view suite but the ocean was located about a 1/2 mile away. So we ended up with a garden view. Which would have been okay with me if they did not mow the grass every morning starting at 7AM -- which would wake us up... very inconsiderate.Even thought the resort had only about 250 people, they kept of running out of water...then the electrify would go out for several hours at a time.We were not informed advance that the resorts restaurants for dinner had a dress code for men...therefore when my boyfriend and I were headed to dinner we were turned away. Women can go in the restaurant anyway that they please (flip flops, shorts etc) but the men have to have dress pants an shoes.They had very poor nightly entertainment...the only thing that we had to do in the resort was gamble at the casino....which I truly do not recommend to anyone. If you want to gamble go to Vegas!!!!!!!The beach closes at 6:00PM and the pool closes at 7:00PM鈥e would have loved to have a nice midnight swim鈥?but I guess not.The food at the resort is not great鈥t is okay, I lost 5 pounds on my vacation with no exercise.I should have paid more attention to the review from ALEXISGM, from Lakewood (reviewed on Sept 11th 2006) on the roaches鈥e had them in our room, when we complained and wanted to change our room they did not accommodate us. They sent a man to our room to spray it while I was in the room. We had to leave because I could not tolerate the smell of the chemicals in the air.There are many other little things that ruined our vacation. I would never go back to this resort nor would I recommend it to anyone. THE ONLY GREAT THING ABOUT THIS VACATION WERE THE AMAZING FRIENDS THAT WE MADE AT THE RESORT鈥?br/>Full of Roaches A DISAPPOINTMENT  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	2	2	

<Author>maherdon
<Content>Disapointed in Paradisus Palma Real I just returned from Paradisus Palma Real in Punta Cana. They only have about 9 rooms that are actual Ocean View Rooms. They are all located so far away from the main restaurants and areas of central locality. The remaining rooms are either partial ocean view or they are not an ocean view at all. The hotel has roaches in the rooms. The meals at the restaurants were beautiful but the food was over rated. They need a program director as they did not offer any stimulating activities during the day or the evening. Bring lots of single dollar bills with you. It's almost impossible t get American change other than $20's. The evening shows are extremely poor. To see most of the shows you are in a huge auditorium with no air conditioning. The resort is beautiful to look at but it is over rated. If you are going to just COMPLETELY RELAX, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU BECAUSE THERE IS NOTHING ELSE TO DO. mY MOTHER IS 75 YEARS OLD. i WOULD NOT EVEN RECOMMEND IT TO HER. SHE'S TOO YOUNG FOR THIS PLACE. IT'S BOORING. THE PLACE IS OVER RATED, THE FOOD IS OVER RATED, THE ACTIVITIES ARE OVER RATED. The only thing they had to do all day long was to lay in the pool, relax at pool side, relax by the ocean that some days was difficult to get to because the resort did not clean the beach area of seaweed. I WOULD NEVER GO BACK. I'D NEVER RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE. IT'S TOO OVER RATED. Price is not an issue to us but you certainly do not get your monies worth out of this resort. This is not an inexpensive resort to go to. I've been to better resorts for the less money that were not rated a 5 start resort but had 5 star qualities. I'm 50 years old. IThe entertainment and activities are for the dead or close to it.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	5	-1	

<Author>PATraveler6
<Content>A Great Place       Walkway to Room  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>audrav
<Content>you get what you pay for I just got back from spending one week in paradise at the Paradisus Palma Real. This resort by far is #1 in Punta Cana, but you pay for what you get.The hotel itself is beautiful. The design and layout is perfect. All the restaurants, theatre, disco etc鈥re all in the main building which is covered so when it rains, you will never get wet.The restaurants are small in size but the quality and presentation of food is excellent. They have every imported type of wine and alcohol for you, all-inclusive. I had a couple of Cosmopolitans there and they were excellent. When having dinner or lunch every time I ordered a glass of wine, blanco or rosado, they would bring you a new bottle, poor you a sample to taste, and off they鈥檇 go. California, France, Italian - It was like being home.The rooms are all the same, only the view changes. They are all Jacuzzi suites, with a balcony the d茅cor is beautiful. My view looked into the Zen Garden. I sat outside many nights and enjoyed the peacefulnessThe pool is very large, with a swim up bar. They play relaxing jazz music, there is no loud sankie activity by the pool. There are many bani beds and palapas no shortage here. The spa and gym facilities are great. I did not go to the spa, but had a thorough tour. I went to the gym a couple of times, I took the spinning class, it was good. They also offer yoga and pilates.The animation team is not hanging around by the pool all day. They do a few dance classes which they take people on the beach for, so they don鈥檛 bother the people that want to relax. They offer wine tasting, painting lessons, Spanish lessons, drink mixing, flower arranging that kind of thing, it was a little different. There is horseback riding included as well as various water sports. The entertainment at night was ok. I went to a couple of shows by the animation team, which were really poor quality the Boogey Nights and Latin Hits show were what you would expect from the team. Then there was the Michael Jackson Show that was very entertaining. One night they had a small band just playing music in the courtyard, the singer was excellent. They had a beach party at Gabi Beach, it was very well organized, the staff was all dressed in flowing white clothes and they played modern music, it was nice. The casino is quite big, the disco is small and they played the same music all the time.This resort is definitely tailored to honey-mooners, families and business groups, if you want to come here to party you鈥檙e at the wrong resort.The people that work at the resort are very professional. When you arrive, they set up a time to give you a tour where they try to make you buy into a points program with the chain. It takes an hour, but at least you get a good overview of the resort.I would definitely recommend this resort to honey-mooners, and for business meetings. I got what I needed out of the vacation, and would definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Jimmer71
<Content>This place was terrific This place was absolutely grand! The staff were always very friendly. It was a pleasure to see that the scuba was absolutely free. They had all the equipment one would need to scuba dive. The single tank dives were great. 1 hour and 20 minutes round trip. The reefs are very healthy, but not a huge amount of fish. Hint: bring a water bottle filled with bread crumbs to feed the fish. Watch out, they get into a frenzy and will bite your fingers by accident. The food at the passion restaurant was the best. The rest of the food was 7-9 out of 10. With so much food to choose from, every meal was a pleasure. I hope you enjoy as much as we did!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ddd123
<Content>Perfect for Relazation!       Looking across part of the pool to lobby area  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>roxy2177
<Content>just ok to me       jacuzzi  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>3	1	5	3	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>florida_adventurer46
<Content>absolutely perfect!!! I just got back from the Palma Real and all I can say is that if someone doesn't love this place and rate it excellent in all ways, they will never be satisfied anywhere!!! I have traveled extensively and have stayed at some of the finest hotels in the world and I can honestly say that the Palma Real rates right up there as one of the best!! The grounds are breathtaking, the rooms very well decorated and comfortable, the service excellent, and the food delicious. I can't say enough about the service - these people go out of their way to be friendly and helpful. If you go, take plenty of ones and tip these gracious people. They deserve it and you will get unbelievable service. The pool is the nicest I have ever seen. The swim up bar is a blast and the bartender. Lenin, went out of his way to show everyone a great time. The hotel itself is so romantic. At night they light candles everywhere and burn incense. If you go with someone whom you're not in love with, you will be when you leave this place!! The beach is gorgeous. For those of you who complain about a little seaweed in the water, you obviously have never lived near the ocean or know much about carribean beaches. There is more seaweed in the water in the Florida Keys!! Because of the shallowness and the warm water, grass grows on the ocean floor in the carribean. All of the complainers must live in the northern US where the water is so cold that you can't even get in it - obviously no grass can grow there!!! All you need to do is find the clear part of the water and dive right in - not a hard thing to do at the Palma Real - there are PLENTY of clear water spots in the ocean here. And every morning, there are workers who clean up any seaweed on the beach. And as for the people with cockroaches in their room, this is very hard to believe. We never saw one bug - not one. And we did not hear anyone else complaining about bugs for the 8 days that we were there. We had a wonderful time and would go back tomorrow. Please do not listen to the complainers who have bashed this wonderful hotel - they will never find a hotel that meets their expectations!!! Unless, of course, they want to pay $2500.00 per night!! Remember, your room rate includes all you can eat and drink - top drawer liquors and very good food. If someone can't find something on the buffets or in the restaurants that they like, they might as well go back to McDonald's because they have no taste! Lets face it, with this much food to choose from, there are obviously going to be some dishes that you don't care for, but believe me, there is plenty of good food here. And I am a VERY PICKY eater!!!The Positives:beautiful groundsgorgeous beachunbelievable poolExcellent servicewell decorated and comfortable roomsThe negatives:noneGo to this resort, you will not be dissapointed - unless you are someone who is never satisfied!!!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FLATraveler23
<Content>Nice place but, C'mon people...... I have to tell you all....my decision to book a trip to the Palma Real was based solely on the reviews of people on this website.With that said, this place WAS beautiful. The beach, breathtaking. I've never been to a beach location where there was no seagulls? We saw no birds there at all. Where were they?Regardless, the room was very nice. Bed comfortable. I saw it mentioned earlier, but it is important to note that the toilet is not in a private location. The door to the john is clear glass, and the restroom is wide ope to the rest of the room. SO...unless you like to hear or see your beloved doing very private things, turn that TV up or go for a walk.If you go for walks on the beach...go left. You can walk for miles. It was nice to see the other resorts....and to browse the shops. Those guys can really harass you, but when you tell them no thanks they are nice enough to walk away. In general, Dominican people are all super respectful. My significant other is a beautiful woman, and I'm used to others staring away, or even cat calling from time to time. Here, nothing....it was nice.Also, the best food...and I mean the best, was provided as part of theme night, Dominican Night. They had purely Dominican cusines in the outside portion of the center square, with unreal dancing and music.The BAD, and I mean very bad:THE FOOD!I just read a review saying the food at the restaurants was NYC quality. That is very, very wrong. If you live in NYC please take heed. If you are a fine dining conniosseur....please do not come here. Although the buffets are nicely prepared with a great selection, the food quality and actual health/safety of eating alot of the things there is risky. We spent 6 days there, and I got food poisoning upon returning to Florida. That I can handle since I was not sick there. Still...good luck eating.I have to say, if they flew in quality chefs, and spent some money on better quality food, this place would be paradise.....no doubt about it.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>mrjrdzjr
<Content>Gorgeous!! Just returned from our Honeymoon at the PPR and I can not say how lovely everything turned out. We were there from 9/4 - 9/10 and we enjoyed every single moment at the hotel. Seriously, I do not know where these negative reviews come from. First off, people who complain about the airport, get over it. Yes, they do take a while, but they are not used to the technology and personnel that we are in the US or wherever you are from. Just go with the flow and enjoy the moment.As soon as you step off the taxi and onto the hotel premises you are amazed of the view. You can see the pool and ocean from the lobby. The lobby is open air so it does get pretty warm, but I am not complaining. The check in was not a hassle at all. Took us about 5 minutes to check in and were driven in a golf cart to our room. We stayed in the Imperial Romance OV room and we loved everything about it. Very spacious room and the jacuzzi tub was great!When we went, the hotel was about 40% full so we had all the attention from the staff. The pool was very nice and spacious. The beach was very relaxing. The only problem was the seaweed. The staff did work on cleaning the seaweed every morning but there was plenty being washed up throughout the day. Still, the wate was clean and gorgeous. One place I recommend going if you love seafood is Capitan Cook. You can find speedboats travelling along the beach that will take you there or you can take a cab to the restaurant. But they serve you this huge huge plate of lobsters, shrimp, crawfish, calamari, etc etc!! I had no idea what I was eating but it was very delicious. After enjoying this meal, one can go shopping next door. People will haggle with you to come into their store but if you don't feel like it just tell them no nicely. Make sure you negotiate the price! If they tell you something costs $20 you can easily bring it down to $8 or less if you are really good. If you start to walk out they will likely settle for your price. The restaurants at the hotel were awesome. The buffet fro breakfast, lunch, and dinner are different every time and delicious. The Market Grill was awesome, one of the nights I had steak and lobster and it was great. I believe I gained about 10 pds on my trip in PPR. A tip for the guys, you can reserve a table at Passion but ask for the romantic dinner. It is a secluded area that has three tables and they will place roses on the table and treat you like royalty. Overall, the experience was fantastic. We enjoyed every single moment that we were there. The staff was extremely friendly and always accomadated every need we had. Ask for Miguel at the buffet's, he is an extremely nice waiter. Also, make sure you tip the people there. They work hard and definitely deserve it! I highly recommend this hotel. If you are going to be picky then I can also be picky and find something wrong with every hotel in the world if I were to visit them. So do not listen to the picky reviewers. Go enjoy the hotel, have fun, go with the flow, eat, drink, relax, and rest!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alexisgm
<Content>Loved the resort..not the cockroaches We did like the resort. The grounds were beautiful but not the beach. We stayed at a property on the other side and the beaches were clean and gorgeous. So we were disappointed when we were at a luxery facility that was only opene 9 months , we expected perfection. The pool is great! And the cabanas and lounge chairs are comfortable and upscale. The food was good, the staff is freindly..but the front desk is slow and not accomodating. Took us over and hour to check out to the point we almost missed our transfer. Our room was very nice..but its not private...you can see in the bathrooms from your room..so you better be close with your roommate. Everyone on property said the Royal Suites were much nicer. Our huge situation was the bugs..we moved our room twice..and had cockroaches in both rooms. Not one or two either...LOTS. I went to the spa for a massage and opened my locker to put on my robe..and a cockroach jumped out. You here them scratching and moving in the walls when you sleep. Its very nerveracking. I complained several times..they dont seem concerned. They just said they would fumigate..but come on not even open a year and your already infested. I know what Palmetto bugs are..these were cockroaches. When we stayed on the same island in other resorts we never had bugs..so its not a given. Other than that we loved the place. I dont know if I would go back becasue I would be afraid to sleep. $450 anight for roaches...hmmm Ill go somewhere else. I know of 2 other resorts on the island that are considered more luxery than this one. We'll give them a try next time. Loved the weather, the water, the people. It was still a great vacation. Luckily we spent 6 days somewhere else before we got there and had a fabulous time.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>twalker798
<Content>Paradisus is amazing....Loved it This hotel is simply gorgeous.....I'm probably the pickiest person when it come s to cleaniness and food...but this hotel far exceeded all of my expectations. The hotel staff went out of their way to please each and every guest. Although tipping is not required I strongly suggest that you do so, just because the restaurant and maid staff is more than accommodating. As far as the food, there is something for everyone. The only complaint that I would have is that they need to have more activities for guests. If you're just looking to relax and have a worry free vacation.....then this is the place to go. I would highly recommend to everyone. With Paradisus .....you get what you pay for...... and more.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sharisse
<Content>It was alright We had some issues with Palma Real. The best thing was the view, the bars and the grounds. The front desk is awful. They had us leaving the next day after arrival which we attempted to fix the first day but were locked out the next day. We had numerous ants in our room. We were shocked that they didn't offer but we had to demand a room change. The new room smelled of mildew. Please check the tangerine looking pillows as that was the source of the smell. The first room didn't have a DVD but the second one did. All rooms should have one. The worst thing was the airport. Be prepared for a mess when you leave. You will need all of the 2+ hours to get through all the lines and 18 millions rechecks of your luggage.I would rate this place a 6 1/2.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	5	5	1	2	1	

<Author>Life is a Cabernet
<Content>Relax in Luxury... Just finished a vacation here and had a wonderful time.. The property is immaculate and gorgeous... The staff was very friendly and helpful.. Most spoke a few words of English and we spoke a few words of Spanish, so we were able to communicate most of the time. The buffet food is good and you do have many choices. The ala carte restaurant food was much better, especially at the Passion Restaurant. It would be nice to see the restaurants kick it up a notch and improve the wine list. The resort offered optional entertainment each night.. The talent was average to good but was entertaining. The pool areas are fabulous and at this time of year we had no problem getting a cabana near the pool.. One of the most relaxing vacations I have ever taken. The room was very nice I just did not like the fact that there was no toliet paper holder... Maid service and room service was execellent and catered to your every need. Highly reccommended..  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>agtrip
<Content>Can't Wait To Return       7pm cocktails  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aneeberhard
<Content>Highly Recommend Just returned today from the resort after a six day stay. We are a family of four. Our two kids are 5 and 6. The hotel is very beautiful and tastefully decorated. Very chic.The food at the evening buffet(Naos) was okay but they always had lobster and shrimp, grilled. The restaurants were all fantastic. Passions is very similar to a meal I could easily have at a top restaurant in NYC.The pool is awesome. THe grounds -There are always workers maintaining the property. There are quite a few free activities going on throughout the day. I did horseback riding, took tennis lessions, went on a party boat and painted. My husband went scuba diving twice and really enjoyed it.Tio at the kiddie club is great. THe hotel could make the kids club room bigger but the kids do stay busy with various activities troughout the day. Also the hotel should keep the kids club open the entire day and just rotate the staff on duty.There is loads of sea grass in the water but the hotel do try to keep it as clean as possible.I highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>goordo
<Content>The real deal Read all the other reviews before I went and must say those they gave the resort a good review must be used to a Holiday in or best western. I was looking for a 5 star resort. By US standards this would be maybe a 3 star.. If you are an American tourist I would say do not go. This resort caters to Europeans, who love to smoke, smoke, swear, be loud and are always drunk .. Personally they can be very annoying, rude people who cut in line, put there cigarettes wherever they please, and undress there children under 10 wherever they please.The resort is beautiful from far away, once you get up close it is obvious that the quality and maintenance program is very, very poor. For a facility only 8 months or so old I was applaud and amazed they accepted and opened the facility with the quality that would never be accepted in the states. The 1x1x mosaic tile in the pool area is actually laughable.The beds are as hard as a rock, and the rooms do not face the water. Terrible layout of the facility. The emphasis at this resort is to drink, smoke and eat food that by American standards is probably below what we serve at our schools. The restaurants basically keep the same menus all the time. The meat and chicken taste like something I never have tasted. The eggs are horrible as is the bacon. Really really bad chiefs.At night forget about it eat and go to bed.. the entertainment is so poor it will actually get you frustrated. I did go to town once and got hounded by everyone to buy crappy stuff. The casino is a joke. The people are very friendly, but very poor. The Dominican has a long ways to go before the average US citizen will go backI have stayed in Cancun, Vegas, Italy and many resorts all over the US and I can actually say this stay was boring.The hotel staff are very nice but very untrained and very slow.The hotel has a smell about it that smells like mildew/drywall not sure what it is buy it was not pleasant.If you are used to above average in the States I promise you that you will be dissapointed  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>JolaineNYC
<Content>Very Nice Resort My husband and I just went there with my 15 month old baby on our first family trip. The hotel was beautiful, our room was amazing, the grounds were lovely and very well kept. With that said, I'll go into specifics. The buffet restaurant is good because the great variety of food. However, if you don't tip the waiters, you'll get terrible service. I do recommend bringing in singles to tip the waiters at the buffet restaurant because you'll be going there everyday for breakfast and lunch and if they know you're a tipper, they'll rush to wait on you. You'll also need to tip the bartenders by the pool because of the same reason.There were 3 other restaurants to eat at night. They were all beautiful, with great menu and very attentive staff. They even made chicken soup for my daughter even though it wasn't in the menu. They even shredded the meat because she was so young. Really, you couldn't ask for more. However, be prepared to be seated because they don't take reservations unless you have royal service. The good side of it is that restaurants share a bar area. One of the bars specialized in martinis and the other specialized in bellinis. Both outstanding, this coming from a New Yorker who knows her drinks!If you're traveling with young children, you will not be able to leave them at the kids club because the youngest age allowed is 5 yrs old. That's okay, though because the pool and beach areas are safe. There are some cabanas by the pool which are a must if you have a baby or toddler. Again, you can't reserve those either, so my husband would wake up, and leave some towels and a diaper bag to make sure we had one for the day. If you plan to do the same, go early since these cabanas go early in the day even though the pool area looks desserted.As far as babysitting goes, there's a nursery at the Melia that we were told we could use, but it's far and you need to reserve one day in advance so we didn't. It was rather disapointing that the hotel didn't have a playgound either even though there were so many toddlers and babies. In addition to that, you can hire a nanny to look after your baby for $10/hour. I saw many children with nannies while their parents enjoyed a hotel activity. Most of the times it was ok, but I did witness a toddler fall out of his chair while eating at a restaurant. My husband rushed to help him and get an ice pack for him while the nanny didn't even seem that worried. The problem was that the kid was not sitting in a high chair even though they are available at every restaurant you go to. We chose to hire nanny services only for night time. The nanny would come into the room after my daughter was already sleeping so we could have a romantic dinner, watch a show, or play in the casino. Which were all great.Overall, we had a great time. I'm already planning to go back next year, this time for 2 weeks.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JJJG5104
<Content>Amazing Vacation       Our Room  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LI7_Traveler
<Content>Exceeded Expectations I just returned from a 4 night trip to Paradisus Palma Real. I booked two Garden Suites (one for me and my wife, one for my 5 and 1 year old sons with their grandmother - next door). I felt compelled to submit a review based on the numerous negative reports I read through after booking my trip. I actually read the reviews after booking the hotel and was afraid I made a mistake after reading all the horrible reviews. The negative reviews couldn't be more wrong.My last three family vacation this past year have been the Four Seasons in Great Exuma (Bahamas), Atantis (Bahamas), Ritz-Carlton in Maui. Paradisus Palma Real was head and shoulders above the other three.The Grounds are impeccable, My room (Garden Suite) was spacious and clean. The resort has arguably the nicest pool of any 5 star I've ever stayed at.The one knock I'll give the resort is the Lunch menu which tends to blend one's overall impression of the Food. As far as I'm concerned Breakfast is breakfast wherever you go. You'll find your omellete station, pancakes and bacon like you would anywhere else. The dinners were very good. A+ on decor, atmosphere and service. The menu has a Carribean flare which I appreciated. If you are expecting your steak and fish to have the same flavoring as the local Outback steakhouse, you chose the wrong destination. Reset your expectations! Lunch was lackluster (burgers, fries, frankfuters, fried chicken). My advice....Eat a bigger breakfast and dinner. Keep your belly less full during pool/beach hours. I was also very taken back by the overwhelming negative reviews on Check-In. Take my advice here: Don't take the early morning flight out of your local airport expecting to get into your room early. It isn't going to happen. I planned my arrival for 3 PM, grabbed a taxi for $25 and I was changed into my swimsuit and unpacked by 4 pm. I watched tourist after tourist sitting around the lobby from noon to 3 PM everyday. It's a traffic jam for check in during these hours. Take the late morning flight from your local destination and you'll breeze right through check-in.Lastly, Don't be the ugly American. There are enough countries that hate us. Learn the following few phrases below and you'll get through 95% of your conversations before the staff converts the conversation to English. All the waiters know enough English to get you through the meals. It's just common courtesy to let them defer to English after you have greeted them.Here my dictionary for success:Spanish / English / SituationHola / Hello / upon meeting anyoneBuenos Dias / Good Morning / staff will greet you with this after saying Hola.Buenos Tardes / Good Afternoon / same as aboveBuenos Noches / Good Evening / same as aboveComo Esta? / How are you? / Staff will usually ask you this if you have responded with Hola and Buenos Dias in return.Your Reponse:Muy Bien, y tu? / Wery Well, and you? / At this point you will clearly have an American's accent and they will realize you don't speak very good English but will overwhelmingly appreciate your attempt. Now you've earned the right to default to English and they will be very willing.Other phrases you'll probably want to be able to spout off when a menu isn't in front of you with the translation.Cerveza - Beer - Most Important ;0 ) Leche - Milkaqua - WaterVino - WineTinto - Red as in Red WineBlanco - WhiteCamarones - ShrimpPescado - Fisharroz - ricepappas fritas - French friesBienvenidos - WelcomeGracias - Thank youNecesito .... I need....Tienes? .... Do you have.....Cuanto Cuesta? How much does it Cost?Know your numbers....as in room numbers for reservations...you'll be amazed how handy knowing your numbers comes in.0 - cero1 - uno2 - dos3 - tres4 - cuatro5 - cinco6 - seis7 - siete8 - ocho9 - nuezGood Luck....the place is awesome, you'll love it.One last thing...Guys - Don't forget to pack pants and shoes that cover your toes. This is the dress code for dinner at most of the restaurants. I acutally only packed sandals and had to take a taxi to a local shoe store that challenged the heck out of my three years of High School Spanish.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yormadog
<Content>Perfect 4 days! We just got back from a quickie 4 night/5 day vacation at the relatively new Paradisus Palma Real. Everything was terrific, including the excellent large room and the pool was also wonderful. Service and attitudes of employee's was up-beat and refreshing and like most places, if you don't have to deal with the front desk and only with the workers, everything will be easy! We liked the lunch and breakfast but the a la carte dinners at the upscale restaurants while they looked and sounded great were far from good. I always assumed this would be the case with dinners at these all inclusive resorts and I was right. But as far as getting sick as we read in some other reviews, I can not imagine this as everything is from bottles, all the food is kept cold and the entire resort is spotless and well cared for. It's close to New York, everything was easy and a pleasure, clean, comfortable and highly recommended if you want to relax! Beach is also fine and the sea grass that others mentioned is not big deal...you can walk 100 feet up the beach and there is no sea grass!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lexingtongirl
<Content>More than paradise       after the wedding  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cpanddp
<Content>Does not yet live up to its potential I write this review to advise other travelers of our recent experiences at the resort and in hopes that the Palma Real will recognize they have much work to do before the resort reaches its full potential. I have no doubt they will get there evetually and one day the resort will be a top destination in Punta Cana.   I will begin this review by saying that the facility itself is absolutely stunning. From the moment we walked onto the property our mouths hit the floor. You can't help but be awestruck with the shear opulence of the resort. The architecture, grounds and layout are absolutely beautiful and 1st class in every way.  We booked several rooms for those traveling in our party ranging from oceanfront with royal service / butler (Royal Imperial Romance Oceanfront Jacuzzi Suite) to ocean view rooms without royal service (Regal Oceanview Jacuzzi Suites). There were numerous check in problems and some ongoing issues with a couple of our rooms throughout the week. The only real difference between the rooms themselves were one was oceanfront and others were ocean view, Be aware ocean view may only mean a partial ocean view....even if you just see a glimpse of the ocean off in the distance when standing on your balcony it is still considered ocean view. The rooms themselves were all very nice and well appointed.  There are three pools at the resort. The main pool is around 13,000 sq feet with a swim up bar...built in lounge chairs and built-in unheated Jacuzzis. Most amazing pool I have ever seen. The other pool is for Royal Guest members only and is much much smaller. The other pool was somewhat larger than the Royal Guest services pool but did not seem to have many people using it as it was somewhat removed from the main areas of activity. All the pools surrounded by Palapas with lounge chairs or beds. All in all the pool areas were very impressive and well laid out.  The beach has gorgeous soft white sand with tons of palapas with loungers or beds. Big drawback / disappointment however is if you venture more than 10-15 feet from the shoreline into the water you are standing on beds of seaweed. The entire beachfront of the resort is like this so if you love swimming in the ocean you might be in for a disappointment. We were pretty turned off by it and as a result did not go back in the ocean at the resort. The beaches of the resort next door and further down do not seem to have this problem as you could venture much much further out into the water without coming in contact with seaweed. Not sure if the resort can do anything about this without damaging eco system, etc but they really need larger seaweed free areas to swim in the ocean off their beach.....10-15 feet out doesn't quite cut it. Unfortunately any praise we have for the resort ends here. It is really unfortunate but the quality of service and other aspects of the resort do not yet match the quality of the facility itself.  Royal service was a royal disappointment. Seldom during our visit did we even see our butler and getting the people in royal service to do anything usually required us to ask numerous times before our requests were met. I am still not sure what we got for the premium we paid for this service but their royal service needs a total overhaul and the people who are running it need to be sent to classes on service. From our perspective it wasn't much more than a lip service department. I will leave it at that.. Bartenders were generally great and fun. I think in general the overall service at the facility is a reflection of poor management or lack of it or an indication that the resort is horribly understaffed.  The organized activities at the facility were pretty much non-existent unless basket weaving or wine tasting is your idea of a fun time! What a disappointing area this was for anyone who likes to engage even occasionally in some fun organized activities. Where are the play makers??? Hello!!?? Only one word could describe their activities and activities people....BORING!!! If you are looking for a little more action than just vegging out under a palapa with a drink in your hand for a week you'd be best advised to consider another resort or urge the resort to get their act together in this area. Hopefully the resort will ultimately recognize people are down here for not just relaxation but some fun as well. The place is enormous so they could easily accommodate both the chill out crowd and those who want to engage in some sponsored fun activities throughout the day. Heck they don't even have pool volleyball at the resort!!!Food was OK....not overly impressed. Would expect higher quality from this caliber of resort and price. One restaurant closed because lack of staff during our stay and not at all impressed with service or selection in buffet area.There are probably numerous other more minor good and bad points I could make about the resort but hopefully by focusing on some of the major pros  cons people can get a sense of what their expectations should be and the resort can use these points constructively to improve the quaiity of their guest experieinces. I sure hope they take these points seriously because this place really has the potential to be an absoluely amazing resort. I'd still like to go back in 6 months to a year to check the place out again and hopefully see on the resort's web site what they are doing to enhance the areas that require attention at the resort. Hopefully as time goes on other guests will report favorable improvements on this forum in the areas I have identified as requiring needing attention.I hope all appreciate the candidness and sincerity of the comments I have posted here and will be able to use them to make an informed decision about their future travel plans.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>ljslaw1
<Content>Paradise in Punta Cana       A view from the room  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Smilesfortravel
<Content>Honeymoon in Paradise       Waiting for luggage at the airport  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>steph44w
<Content>Service/Management not Luxury at all I waited a long time to write this review to give the Paradisus Palma Real/Sol Melia company ample time to reconcile my problem with them. Unfortunatly they did not act in a way that a luxury 5 star resort would. The Sol Melia company has hundreds of resorts and have been around for a while, they should know how to handle any situation. I will not comment on the grounds, room, etc. It has all been said before. The seagrass is bad. I have never saw that much before and I have been to 4 carribbean islands. The food was so so. You can find something to eat. I did get sick the last day which was horrible even though I took every precaution.That being said, my boyfriend and I were quite dissapointed at our so called vacation on April 22-28th at this property.My boyfriend got hurt while on their property and the resort did not take care of the emergency room bill, the ambulence, the taxi ride back to the hotel from the hospital, the resort accomodations. Nothing. He was confined to wheelchair and could not go in the pool or ocean or do any of the activities offered. After many letters beck and forth even to the president of the carribbean hotel chain they offered us a couple dollars off the price to go there again. We would never give them a dime to go back to any of their resorts after we already paid for a vacation and couldn't participate in any of the activities.The resort staff including senior management was very unprofessional and unhelpful. They did not accomodate us in any way. To use the word 'luxury in describing themself is a joke. I will never go back to any Sol Melia resort.P.S. We also met another person that got hurt on their property. steph44w@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	2	4	1	1	3	

<Author>anna-amis
<Content>take a few years off your life I wish i had known that the place sprayed every morning for about an hour (around 6 when we're sleeping) with cancer causing chemicals (insecticides).And definately don't consider coming here if you're pregnant with that being the case.Some people don't seem to care so much about this.....maybe they just aren't informed about the very very serious problems associated with the use of this sort of chemical.. But it seems like many of the hotels in the DR do also spray and this as is the case in somewhere i was before (cozumel ).Anyway hence my very low review!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HKDA
<Content>Beautiful resort with problems My husband and I just returned from this resort. We tried to like it. We read many positive and negative reveiws before choosing it. Unfortunately we found that the negative statements were accurate, not just written by picky travelers with bad attitudes. The following review will hopefully serve you in avoiding some problems or in choosing a different resort. I suggest that if you are to eat at the buffet, do so as soon as it opens for each meal. The food is left out in a warm room. Last day we both got sick. Make sure you grab your beverage from the bar before getting your meal at the buffet. Each time I ordered a drink at buffet I got it well after my meal was finished. Make sure your room is conveniently located or you may be in for a long hot walk. Ther is no airconditiong in hallways and lobby areas. Air conditioners in the a la carte restaurants were not cooling the space adequately. The casino however was very cool and comfortable.Activities were planned throughout the day. When we showed up for some activities, no one else showed up so we assumed it was canceled. We found out later that it had been rescheduled for later. No one told us. Some food items at dinner seemed recycled from buffet lunch. Food was ok; not what I would call delicious.While employees are eager to please, one entered our room without knocking to give us a robe we did not ask for. My husband was undressed at the time. At other times our door was knocked on repeatedly even when the do not disturb sign was left out.The concierege met us the first day and said she was there to meet all our needs. We did not here from her until second to last day of our vacation when she wanted to then schedule our welcome tour. I think she wanted to sell us a time share.Jacuzzis in pool worked some days not others;music speakers around pool worked some days not others. Even though this was earlier reported by other reviewers, there was no lobster at this resort unless you ordered an appetizer with a very small serving of it at Passions and an very small serving of it in an entree at Bana Restaurant. There is lots of sea grass on both beach and water in front of resort. Myself and a young girl got stung by a jelly fish or some creature hiding in the sea grass. To avoid this, walk several yards to your right. There is a perfectly clean beach and ocean area to be found there.Positives: Beautiful landscaping; pools, lobby and courtyardFreindly and warm staffGuestrooms are beautiful, kept clean and well stockedBali beds are fabulous but get up early to reserve one. Gorgeous pool with plenty of shaded areas.Great jazz band for Jazz Night.Hope this reveiw helps. Muchas suerte!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Meggie1013
<Content>Nice time at the Paradisus Palma Real We stayed at the PPR from July 3 to July 7th. We traveled with our 21 month old and two other couples. Overall, we had a nice time at the resort. Resort/Grounds:The resort itself is beautiful ... the pool is amazing with plenty of shaded areas and enough to keep our 21 month old entertained. She absolutely loved the pool so we spent most of our mornings and afternoons there ... taking breaks to eat. We were up early so getting a bali bed was no problem for us - our 21 month old took her naps there which was very relaxing. If you go to the kids club (near the front desk), you can borrow inner tubes and other water accessories (if available).Room:The room was nice - we had a few hours without power but it was during the early morning and for a few short minutes during the day. You can ask for a crib for no charge.Service:The waiters were very attentive and treated our 21 month old like a princess. She got a lot of attention. We asked for a box of milk almost every night - un carton de leche from the waiters. The fridge in the room is quite small so we transferred the milk to empty water bottles. We tipped during each meal and for the milk - that may have had something to do with the prompt service. We brought plenty of ones and fives for tipping. Food:The meals were hit or miss .. our 21 month old did not eat well. I recommend bringing nonperishable food for small children (cereal, chips, goldfish crackers, juice boxes, pediasure drinks, etc.). Another minus - my husband and our 21 month old both got very sick 2 days after we returned .. and so did the other couples we traveled with ... though, we're not sure of the cause. Our best meals were at Vento. Bana's appetizers were very good. The breakfast and brunch buffets were mediocre, at best. I think we all lost weight during this trip.Activities:We didn't leave the resort. There is a kids club for 5-12 year olds. Spa:My friend and I got the intense pedicure and the 1/2 hour massage. The pedicure was okay but the massage was fabulous (one of the best I've had in a long time). Front Desk:The only real negative of the resort ... disorganized and time consuming.Other:Bring bug spray. We got some nasty bites. This is a no-brainer - pour on the sunscreen! In case your husband doesn't heed this warning, bring some after-sunburn gel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>laurenlinn
<Content>Loved It, hubby did NOT II have refrained from writing a review for so long after our trip, which was 6/25/06 to 7/1/06 (the day after my birthday). I was afraid that the final day of our trip might color my memories, but that proves to not be true, although it does for my husband. Let me explain......Pros:Our flight? We were on a US Air First Class flight out of Philly, so that was no sweat, and we were there in about 3 1/2 hours. So we landed in the DR and the airport is open-air and NOT air-conditioned, so just get used to it. It's very hot, and there are men everywhere vying for your luggage to get the tip. Bring LOTS of American Dollars - you can't get any when you're there. You can visit the ATM if your credit card company will allow it (my husband's didn't because of offshore gambling and fear of terrorism), but you will get Dominican Pesos. Most of my credit cards didn't work, but my debit card did.Bus ride to the resort was great, but I tried not to look out the front window as the driver was all over the road, passing people, buses, anyone that slowed him down. We had to stop at another resort first to drop off some really nice young guys and a girl who I wish had come to our resort, because they were so much fun, but alas.....Be prepared for a very poverty-stricken city; by the time you get there, you will feel guilty.Resort: Absolutely beautiful - as soon as you walk in, there is the most amazing view of the courtyard and, of course, the accompanying beach in front of it. We stupidly (yes, the language barrier can be a problem) were directed by the woman that is relentless in trying to sell you a time share, over to the regular check-in desk, where there was a moderate line. Once I said the magic words, which are apparently Royal Service, we were quickly whisked away to the RS Lounge, where we were greeted by a very nice woman, handed mimosas and cold towels for our faces and introduced to our Butler, Victor. More on Victor later, we LOVE him.So we began our tour and it is the most absolutely beautiful place you could ever imagine. There are orchids blooming EVERYWHERE, together with banana plants and other assorted greenery. We were on the 2nd floor of the waterfront suites building (Suite 2119, if you're interested, lol) and it was fabulous! No sooner was Victor showing us around our suite, there Manuel was at the door asking what we would like in our minibar everyday and what newspaper we would like delivered every morning. I felt like I had died and gone to heaven! The bedding was absolutely amazing and I could have slept there for days (oh yeah, I did) - the 2-times-a-day maid service didn't hurt. Royal Service Bar and Pool: Yes, for those of us who don't have kids, that's an option for us. OMG, look for Ahmed, he's the one with the startingly green eyes, who is so cute it's not even funny, plus he will just about fall over himself to make you happy. Also check out Pedro and Robert; they are the greatest bartenders and Pedro also brings drinks to the people on the palapas and the chairs on the beach. This resort was clearly nowhere near capacity when we were there, as we reserved Palapa No. 1 everyday and the other 11 (with a few exceptions) were basically empty. However, we met several really nice people (you know who you are, [Hey, Emily and Jeff!!!] lol) and I only saw one bare-breasted woman on the beach.Food: Well now, that's a different story. The food to me was not good. That is me, and I am known for being a very picky eater. I called room service the first morning and waited 30 minutes for delivery (no sweat) , but the food was cold and was just not good, in my opinion. My husband will eat anything and he was fine with it. So I like my eggs warm, so kill me. The restaurants did not get our best vote, as well. However, be aware that what's on the menu at Vento can be modified; for example, at breakfast, I told our very helpful waiter that in the US, we are used to having BACON or SAUSAGE with our eggs, and TOAST; he managed to procure them, and we tipped him appropriately. It was not a problem.Be ready to be approached by people that want you to have your pictures taken with parrots, monkeys, etc., and then you buy them later. Also be ready to be approached (when you're lying on your oh-so-comfortable palapa) to go do LOTS of things. Just close your eyes, say Hola and hope they pass you by.One thing I will say: These people just fell over themselves trying to accommodate our needs, from the restaurants to the bars. One place they will NOT accommodate your needs? The Casino. There was the nastiest young man I've ever encountered running the Cashier desk - I walked over and asked for change of a $20, in order to get money for tips for the cocktail waitresses, and he told me, No 1s. Once I checked with the dweeby little guy that followed me around the casino? He went up, spoke whatever, then all of a sudden, I got $1s, just so I could tip my little escort. Bottom line is they're all looking for a tip, and I don't blame them....If you get Victor as your butler, you are lucky - he was the nicest man. He was actually upset when on day 3 of our vacation he had to go home and he really wanted us to understand. His little boy had hit his head and cut it open and his wife was freaking out, and we just said, Victor, go - deal with your family, we're good. He was so grateful for that - unfortunately, we both got sick. Me, with heat stroke (too much fun, too much sun, too much booze), hubby with a parasite and we ended up at the hospital. We were discharged at 6:30 am to go back to the resort - whole other story. E-mail if you're interested. But GO!!!!!!! I just read this that sounds really unreal, and it's really hard to get if you have'nt been there. Ignore all this and go!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lisaandtodd
<Content>A Perfect Wedding In Paradise       Wedding Photo - Taken By GB Studio  Media  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BuckeyeJer
<Content>Stay at Paradisus Palma Real if you go to Punta Cana! Just got back from our Honeymoon...went 7/8/06-7/15/06. Paradisus Palma Real was great and we would (and will) both go back. There were a few negatives, but they were far outweighed by the positives. I would probably not consider going anywhere else when we go back to Punta Cana because of the time we had there. I also spoke to people in the airport who went to Secrets and RIU Palace and they were not nearly as impressed as we were (and we are seasoned travelers to the Caribbean - not rookies).PROS:Beautiful ResortAmazing PoolsPalapa Beds - they have numerous palapa beds...these are King size outdoor beds (very comfortable) completely private  covered to protect you from the sun...we kept all our stuff here everyday and took an afternoon nap each day. Best naps you'll ever take with the cool breezes :)Very good service - they try very hard to please youGreat massages if you use the spaGreat Bar serviceSwim up pool bar - also excellent serviceExcellent Beach with excellent water sports includedCONS:Language Barrier if you do not know ANY spanishCheck-in - seemed to be a bit of a hassle - they knew little english at the front desk*Food - I asterik this because my wife had some stomach problems the first 2 days. I enjoyed the food...was not great but goodEntertainment at night was a bit weak (with the exception of the Michael Jackson show)Air Conditioning and water was out the day we checked into our room from 4:00 PM - 2:00 AMAfter reading my own cons, I can see how one might be scared (I know I would after reading the cons), but the resort, the beach  the staff are just that great that the cons really were not that big of a factor in the grand scheme of things. I believe that the food is very typical for Caribbean cuisine: good, but you are glad to be eating in the USA again when you get back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stamp
<Content>I left my heart at Plama Real We are a couple from England in our fifties and have been on some wonderful holidays in Europe and the Middle East. This was our first time to the Dominican Republic and after reading the reviews for Palma Real decided that it was worth a nine hour flight. We couldn鈥檛 find any Tour Operators in England who dealt with Palma Real so booked flights with First Choice Airways then used the Sol Melia internet site to book the room. We had a great reception in the Royal Service lounge and were introduced to our butler who gave us a tour of the hotel grounds. Our room was a royal service garden view and faced out of the hotel complex into the hotel next door however we still had a side view of the sea and the gardens below were impeccable. The room was wonderful with a sitting area consisting of a couch, armchair, coffee table, small dining table  two chairs. The bed was huge and the room had lots of drawer and hanging space. There was a stocked mini bar with beer, soft drinks and juices. A half bottle of vodka, whisky and brandy were sitting next to the coffee machine. The bathroom had supplies of toiletries and four huge bath sheets as well as the hand towels that were replenished morning and evening. The double bath was huge and the walk in shower brilliant. Not sure about the glass door on the toilet!!The hotel grounds and pools were unbelievable with quiet chill out music playing in the background. In the evening incense sticks were burning in the courtyard and candles flickered in the gentle breeze. It was amazing!.The restaurant interior designs were impressive with food and wine to match. My favourites for atmosphere and d茅cor were Passion and Gabi beach. We never tried room service as we were more than happy with the meals served in the restaurants. The drinks were all branded labels from Black Label whisky to Remy Martin cognac and the portions were awesome. The Royal Service lounge served a selection of canap茅s and it was good so sit in here before dinner, sipping champagne in the air conditioned lounge. Most of the hotel lounges and sitting areas were not enclosed and we did find it rather warm in the evening without the comfort of air conditioning but that was probably us being used to a climate of 15 degrees or less in chilly England.The sunloungers on the royal service beach were incredible. Huge double foam lounges under thatched covers. In fact one day we lay out watching an amazing thunderstorm until the lightening hit the beach not far away from where we were, it was then time to grab a towel and run.The beach is pure white sand which doesn鈥檛 seem to get hot. The ocean is warm and easy to swim in. We had friends staying at the Palladium Place and walked half an hour up the beach several times to meet up with them. You couldn鈥檛 have wished for better scenery for a walk, with the palm trees swaying in the gentle breeze, the turquoise ocean and beautiful white sand - pure heaven. We also used a water taxi a couple of times to bring us back to the hotel, which was good fun.We spent 14 wonderful days at Palma Real, met some wonderful folk (who thought the English we spoke sounded funny). We were looked after by all the staff throughout the hotel, exchanged hola鈥檚 and thanks at every opportunity, tipped dollars as often as we could and left a small gift each morning for the maid including some little school items for the children. I may be back in England, hard at work saving for my next vacation but it is going to have to be really good to compare with our wonderful time at Palma Real. If anyone would like more info just email me as you guys on Trip Advisor helped me to find this great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>roejoe
<Content>Very good, but not great       front desk  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Ashmmack
<Content>Awesome Resort!!       hotel grounds  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Vacation, Great We stayed at the Palma Real from July 2-8. It was beautiful. I had read the reviews on the hotel for months and was a little concerned with all of the negative comments that were written. We have traveled to many destinations through our time-share, have taken many cruises, and other types of travel. I believe we are seasoned travelers. This hotel is absolutely beautiful in design and style from the marble floors to the furniture. As in all travel, there were a few small problems that were resolved as soon as the staff was advised. I did not meet anyone that did not say hello as they passed us. Here is our review:Taxi to and from the airport: 30 minutes $25.00 each way. Avoid the group bus services, you will have to wait.The building 鈥?beautiful and new. Decorated very nicely with elegance and style. They have fragrances throughout all the areas. Suite: Very nice. Flat screen TVs, comfortable bedding. Take a pair of bedroom slippers. As Americans, we are not use to floors with no carpet. My feet and legs hurt from the marble tile everywhere. Food: Very good but not great. Juices are all freshly squeezed. All kinds of fruit. Beef, chicken, seafood, pork, salads, ice cream, cakes and pies, etc. You will not go hungry. The Market Grill is always open. We enjoyed the Japanese restaurant the best.Beverages: Anything and everything. All first quality liquor. Bloody Mary鈥檚 are setting out in the morning. Service: Everyone is very friendly. Service is usually very good everywhere. The only problem we had was if the waiter/waitress did not speak English they had to get someone to help us. You cannot go to another country and expect everyone to speak your language. We took a speaking language translator with us that helped. It was around $39.00.Pool: Very large and clean. The pool is relaxing. The bally beds are great around the pool, however guests will put towels and magazines on the beds early in the morning to 鈥渞eserve鈥?them for the day. This is not fair to other guests and it happened every day we were there. If we did not see any personal items and no one using them, we put the towels in the hamper and used the bed. I would strongly recommend doing that or you will never get to use the beds. Beach: Water was very warm and clear. They clean the seaweed from the beach daily. This is the first beach we have seen this much seaweed in the water. Not a problem.Included items: We took advantage of the included horseback riding, snorkeling, and non-motorized sport items. Everything was great. The snorkeling trip was better than some of the excursions we have paid $70 on other islands. The desk to sign up for the included items is located behind the large pool near the lady and men rooms. Sign up early, they fill up.Nighttime: There are candles everywhere. Absolutely beautiful.Internet Service: Take your laptop. Free high speed Internet in your room. Take a connection cord they are not in the room. You can get one from the front desk. The information on their website states there is a charge. It is free.Children: Our 14 year old son met several other guests his age and had a great time. There are not many children at this hotel like the other resorts. They have a children鈥檚 room for younger children that is small. The Market Grill has hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, chili, etc. for the kids.Guests: There are people from all age groups. Seniors to young newly weds. Americans are not the majority of guests.Tips: Take $1 bills for tips if you would like a little extra service at the pool bar. It is always greatly appreciated by the employees.Security: There are guards walking around at all times. There is a safe in the room. We did not have any problems, however we met a couple that the sliding glass door had been broken into but nothing was missing. This can happen anywhere.Royal Service: We did not purchase Royal Service. In my opinion you do not need it. If you limit yourself to the Royal Service restaurant and pool you are missing the best parts of the hotel. Royal Service does not remove anyone from children. There are family Royal Service packages. BEWARE OF THE EXCURSION DESK ON THE FIRST FLOOR. These are independent companies not owned by the hotel. We took a fishing trip for $95 each and did not even put a hook in the water because they could not catch any bait. There are many excursions on the beach that are cheaper.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was a LONG week We just got back from a 7 night stay at the Paradisus Palma Real and I must say it was a long week. The resort itself was absolutely beautiful...very clean and an amazing beach. We had booked a total of 6 rooms between the 12 of us and our family has age ranges of 74 years old to 8 years old. We had three main problems with this resort. 1.) The food was not very good....not much American food and what they did have was pretty poor, especially at the specialty restaraunts. You can tell that they are trying to please the Americans, however there is still an overwhelming European and Asian flair to the cuisine.The Market Grill did have steaks, burgers, and hot dogs but the buns were too hard to chew. Again I have to say that the specialty restaraunts were a HUGE disappointment (even compared to 3 star hotels I've been to in Cancun!) Problem 2.) The rooms were clean and spacious, however having 6 different rooms, we all experienced a variety of problems such as phones, tv's  air conditioning not working in all of our rooms throughout the week...my nephew actually had to move to 3 different rooms, each one every other day due to a different problem (including the ceiling falling into the bathroom in their first room.) As far as our own room, we too expereinced an unusual problem. We were told upon arrival that our room would be ready in an hour...three hours later we were finally taken to it and the bellhop opened the door using my husband's key, to find a room of four undressed people who were drinking and smoking. They said they had not even checked out yet, and here we were standing there with our keys that had beed coded to that room. They did vacate the room immediately, but the maids still needed to get it cleaned so they put us in a temporary room which was hot and reeked of cigarette smoke. (We came to find out later that there is no such thing as no smoking rooms even though that is what we booked through Apple Vacations) We ended up in a totally different room which was fine in most part. My parents who are in their 70's were moved to a third floor room (all stairs) when their A/C went out on the 6th day. They tried to tell us that the A/C was out in the entire complex, but we knew better becasue some of our rooms were at 67 degrees at the time while theirs' was 90! Be careful to double check everything they tell you! Unfortunately, we did experience one day of electrical problems where the power was on and off throughout the day and the rooms got very hot and humid. On our 5 th day, there was no running water all day so you could not flush the toilets or take showers...I felt very sorry for a bridal party who had no water all day for their 3 O'clock wedding on the beach! Problem 3.) Inconsistincy was a another huge problem. You never got the same drink twice anywhere...even if it was made by the same person ten minutes later....this was true of everything from the food we ordered to the answers we got relating to any questions we had.......we finally ended up just laughing about it becasue it was soooo ridiculous! All in all, I must say that they do try to please you...the servers and activity staff for the kids were all very friendly and attentive. I especially recommend Geronimo for activity questions, Carlos for good waitor service, and Natalie at the concierge desk.....all of them will do their best to help you. I always like to end on a positive note, so for those of you who are American...I was impressed by their attempt to celebrate the 4th Of July by having (a poor attempt, but none the less, an attempt) at a Bar-B-Q and fireworks! This resort needs some areas of improvement but does have potential, however I and my family will not be returning. Feel free to e-mail me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautifulo resorto! :)       pool, swim up bar, the dreaded "iceberg" in the corner  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay, Hope it gets better with time and age       Garden area  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Meganne1164
<Content>Absolutely gorgeous  A group of 14 of us stayed for a week from June 17, 2006 until June 23, 2006 and it was fantastic. The grounds are lovely. The rooms are nice. And the whole atmosphere is so relaxing.This is definitely a place for couples. The singles in our group had fun but it is not a party place. The food is okay but hey we're from New Orleans where the food is the best in the world!The service can be slow at times but the staff really does try their best to help. If you know some spanish, you'll do better. The large pool is so beautiful and you have to ask for Martin at the swim up bar. He makes the best drinks.We had no problems with check in as others have stated. We got turn down service almost every night. The shows are okay and they are short. The best time can be had just sitting in the courtyard listening to the nightly entertainment out there. After that ends, head to the casino which is small but fun.I did get a massage one day and it rated as one of the best I ever had. The whole spa area with its various water treatments is worth the time and money.We did the free horseback riding one afternoon and for the price it was definitely worth it! The beach you ride on is beautiful.Be sure to bring plenty of ones for tipping!All in all, we had a great time and would definitely go back! I highly recommend it especially for a romantic vacation.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jillanson
<Content>Absolutly Amazing!!!! I just recently stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real May 31 - 3 Nights.From the time we checked to the time you check out it's sooo amazing. You will not want to leave. The resort is about 25 minutes away from the airport. It's a very quick ride. When you arrive at the resort the bell man takes your luggage and you proceed to check in. At check in the ask you what drink you want and they get it for you. You get a nice cold towel also.We got into our room at 3pm the bell man took our luggage and drove us to our room in the golf cart. We had a Luxury Jacuzzi Gardenview Ste.....The best room ever. The only thing that would be better would be Oceanview. We had a beautiful kitchen, with a nice table and livingroom with a balcony, and also a flat panel TV, and huge bedroom with a King bed, and also another flat panel TV. The bathroom was amazing. It had a 2 person jacuzzi. The shower is a european shower which you will need to get the sand out of all the places. The pool is amazingly HUGE. It has beds in the pool in the shade and also in the sun. It has a nice swimup bar where the bar tenders are amazing. they will make any drink you want them too. Now my favorite part of course is the food. I have been to Punta Cana 3 times and hands down the food at this resort has got to be the BEST. At the other resorts you bite into a burger your not really sure what kind of meat it is. This resort you know your eating beef. Everything is cooked well...it tastes like American food. We only ate at Passions and the food was soo good. The buffets has soo many choices of food.The beach......the sand is white the water is crystal clear and warm, and nice blue color. There is a lot of sea weed. If you go over by the to the left of the resort by the shops there is less sea weed. If you do want to do any shopping like I said before to the left of the resort there is about 10 little shops. They try there best to sell you anything. Ifyou don't want anything just say no and they leave you alone. If they offer you something that is expensive just bargain with them and start walking out of the store and they will bargain with you. At the resort there is photo studio. It's $8 per page, they take about 40 pictures and you pay for what you want. And they are good photos.If you have any questions just e-mail me: Jillanson@excite.com  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>reelinman
<Content>Noooooo Problem!!! Ok, the bottom line on this resort is outstanding. The grounds are immacualte. The flowers are beautiful and you immediately know you're on vacation. The people are what makes this place wonderful. I little smile and an Ola goes a long way. Here you go:-Cleanliness, excellent This goes for the pools, beaches and overall grounds.(leave a little something for the cleaning lady every day)-Room Service, quick and efficient. Menu maybe a little limited, but when your loaded everything tastes good.-Restaurants, good. Not the best food you'll ever have, but it was good and they cater to your needs and will modify the food if they can. The buffet place was excellent, they tried to mix it up every night. If you meet Alfredo, he was very pleasant and helpful.-Nightlife, good. They have shows every night and they were entertaining. Luckily we ran into 3 other couples that were wonderful people and that made everything that much better.-Excursion, awful, el diablo. Our friend from Caly said it best. If you want to see the Domincan Republic, watch the Discovery Channel. We already know it is a struggling country. We took the Sonoma trip. Don't do it.-Lobby bar, excellent. Much thanks to Henry G. and Blas. The best two bartenders on the resort! You must see them. Full of enery,attentive, and they make great drinks. Ladies try the passion belini.-Swim bar, excellent. Must see Martin, Nooooooo problem! Not overcrowded which was perfect. If you go to the beach, get Edwin, another wonderful person.Lastly, even though it is an all-inclusive, pull out a few dollars here and there to the people whom you think deserve it. It's a good feeling to give. -Misc, not many chlidren which was nice, mostly couples. The water was crystal clear. The beach sand was never hot and you get a refreshing breeze when you sit there. The view of the ocean and the surroundings is breathtaking! Go there with a relaxed attitude and you will have a wonderful. We will go back!Buy American Eagle and Coke! Don't play with fire! My daddy said, that was a bad deal, alright! Go BAMA!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel food was fine,plenty , one thing about the help.... we had the royal suites. I must commend Ahmed for the excellent service, also Pedro, and Galven at the bar. A few dollars and compliments go a long way. I admit there is a language barrier but after all, it is a spanish speeking country.... Loved the room would definately go back again.....  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Jackie4402
<Content>Im obsessed!!       Rolling my own Dominican cigar  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>graduationday
<Content>Being at the Palma Real really felt like being in Heaven       The beds after housekeeping had just finished doing them.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>southernbell7777
<Content>Be prepared , to be PAMPERED!!! After reading some reviews, on this place, i was a little skeptical! But, wanted to give it a shot. After all, it was a new resort. What could go wrong? Our package was fairly cheap, too. We went for our 1-year wedding anniversary. 6 days/5 nights. We took a direct flight from NC and that was nice! We even had 1st class there and back and didn't even know that it was included in the package! We went through allinclusiveoutlet.com.The weather was nice but extremly humid. My hair stayed curly, the whole time. LOLThe only setback was the language barrier! Learn a little bit of their language before u go! Such as, How much? Hi! Bye! No thanks, Where? Could u repeat that? I don't understand. etc.....The food was great! and, we were amazed at how it was presented, to us.If u can afford it, go with Royal service! U get a great view but that's about it. We saw our butler maybe 3 times. LOLThe day of our anniversary, they cleaned our room, twice. Left , rose petals on the bed and floor! Extra pillows were on the bed. A dozen of roses. Candles were lit everywhere. Breakfast in bed. And, no extra cost to us! We were amazed!  We were so happy that we invested 35,000 dollars in this company so now we own just a tiny bit of this company. LOL Don't drink the water! The day before we left, hubby got sick! Luckly, i didn't. Something about a bacteria in the water. YIKES!!!Not, much nightlife, though. But, was very peaceful and quite and that's what we searching for! Go on off-peak season. Less people there. And u can also go topless on the beach! If, u r royal service, u have your own pool. No people less that 18 of r not permitted in this area! No screaming babies! YAY!!!!I would highly recommend this place. And, please eat at our favorite restaurant there called Gabbii's!!!!Oh, and be good about tipping :) These people strive to make u happy and they don't make much money, at all! serious!!! I feel sorry for them. Take a tour, of their town and you'll SEE, what i mean. We did and it was pitiful.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lnewby
<Content>This hotel is a rip off scam specialist! I had confirmed MONTHS in advnace to stay at the Punta Cana Rseort with a rate of $280 per ROOM per night for 2 persons. Upon arrival at the hotel at 10 pm, I was told I was to stay instead at their NEW Paradisus Palma Real just 10 minutes away. Luckily I was able to get the airport shuttle driver to reload my luggage and take me to the sisiter hotel. Upon checvk in, which took almost 30 minutes, we were FINALLY taken to our room. The first thing we noticed in the stuffy musty room that the entire sliding glass door was cracked. SO DANGEROUS, we called the front desk and were told there were no rooms to move us to. So for 4 nights we continued to stay in that unsafe room while we had the maintenence manager in, told our room service attendant....any one we could get to listen to our story and see the door. We never used the patio deck because we were afraid to open the slider.THE RIP OFF came when we went to check out. ONLY THEN were we told that the rate was $495 per nightm almost DOUBLE what we were quoted. They said it was becaouse we made a Voluntary Change of Hotels which is just not true! We showed them our written emails that confirmed our rate, arguesd for almost an hour while the bus left to take the others to the airport and still they would not release our luggage to leave until I signed the charge slip. I told them I was doing it under duress and would decline charges upon return. They have never replied to my numerous emails or phone calls and I have declined partial payment through my credit card company. My card company rebilled the charges as the hotel had my signature on the much hiher rate charged at check out.BEWARE; what can you do when they rip you off? They always were surely at the resort but I didn;t think they would be down right criminal!!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Devora
<Content>Best resort in Punta Cana Just returned from this fabulous new resort. Arrived May 27, and stayed for 10 days. I had read all the reviews about Paradisus Palma Real on Trip Advisor prior to going there. My husband and I are well traveled, both land vacations and cruises. The resort is breathtaking, from the main lobby out to the courtyard, fountains, etc. Everything about the resort is lovely.First let me say that we did have Royal Service, that we did not have to pay for, due to it being a one day special free upgrade from the online vacation provider that I booked this trip through. If we had paid for Royal Service ($1800.00 more), I would have been upset. Yes you do have private check-in, private lounge that they serve drinks and hor's douvres, and you do have free internet access (that was the good part). You also had a pillow menu (from our standpoint irrelevant). You had the Royal Service private pool and beach area. However, this is a very small pool. Since the resort is still only about 1/3-to maybe 1/2 occupied, it is not necessary to even use the Royal pool or beach. The first day we arrived we did use that pool, but for the rest of our stay, we used the gorgeous and enormous main pool. There were tons of chaise lounges (many covered with palapas) and Bali beds available. You also had the same availability of chairs and palapas on the beach (which by the way is also enormous). The staff around the pool area and the swim-up pool bartenders are great. My husband drinks Manhattan's with Canadian whiskey. Once he told any of the bartenders at any of the bars at the resort how to make his drink, from then on when he ordered, they knew how to make his Manhattan. Never had to tell them again. Food: One of the ala carte dinner restaurants Vento, is also only available to Royal Services guests for sit down breakfast and lunch. We had breakfast there 2 mornings. It was very good, but the service was soooo slow (took over an hour to have breakfast) that we could not do it any more. The 2 times we were there, it didn't seem like many other Royal Service guests used it either. We never tried it at lunch time, because neither my husband nor I eat lunch. We only eat breakfast and dinner.The buffet restaurant, Naos, is where we had most of our breakfasts. We have never been to any other resort or on a cruise ship, that had caviar available everyday at breakfast. They had both a black and red caviar. Obviously it's not Beluga or Sevruga caviar, but it was a treat for my husband. As other people have stated, you have a wide variety of different things for breakfast. One thing I found that was nice, was that beside the regular omelet station, they also made any kind of eggs cooked to order. They also made cooked to order, pancakes, french toast, and waffles. None of these items were pre-cooked, the way that you would normally find them at a breakfast buffet, being kept hot by either heat lamps, or in a sterno heated chafing dish. Dinners we ate several nights in Vento, Bana (the Bistro side) and Passions. We tried the Market Grille, which was an outside grille/buffet restaurant only once. We don't particularly care to have dinner at this type of a restaurant in a warm, humid climate. There is one other restaurant called Gabi, which is also free if you have Royal Service, but anyone else has to pay a small fee to eat there. We never tried this restaurant, again because it was another outdoor grille/buffet type restaurant. The overall food is very good at the ala carte restaurants, and the breakfast buffet. One of the comments that I had previously read here on Trip Advisor, was the fact that if you ordered your meat medium rare, it came medium. We never had this problem in any of the ala carte restaurants. It always came medium rare, because we would never eat any meat that wasn't medium rare.As we normally do when we go to these type of all-inclusive resorts, we brought about $200.00 in ones to leave for tips. We left the maid $3.00 each day (with a note in Spanish asking that she fill our ice bucket). They do not routinely fill the ice bucket for you. We also tipped the waiters at the buffet in the morning $2.00. At dinner in the ala carte restaurants $5.00, and the bartenders $1.00-$2.00 each time we ordered. When you leave these tips for any of the service people, they rush to take care of you next time they see you. Even at the breakfast buffet, the minute we would walk in, it was like a fight who could grab us first to sit in their section.In summary, you don't have to think twice, nor hesitate about going to this resort. As I stated previously, you will love it and have a great time. Don't listen to anything that people write that is terribly negative about this resort. We have learned through our years of traveling to resorts, hotels, and cruises, around the world, that the people who complain the most on these vacation boards and cruise boards, just won't be happy with anything. Just a quick story that will give you an idea about a couple, that if they wrote a report on Trip Advisor, they would give this resort a negative review. Here is the story: We were in the Royal Services lounge one morning using the internet. A couple in their mid-late 50's walked in and the husband says to the young concierge at the desk. I booked Bali bed #8 at the Royal pool yesterday for use today. We went there this morning and some other people were using it, and it didn't even have my name on it. (At the Royal pool, you reserve a Bali bed 24 hours before, and they put your name on a piece of paper that goes into the holder on that particular bed). The young girl at the desk apologized for the mix up and said she didn't know what she could do about it, since someone else must have also booked this bed. The husband said to her make it right. She was almost in tears and called someone in authority to come and deal with this man. As I mentioned above, you have a whole large main pool with plenty of Bali beds available, but it wasn't #8 the one that he picked out at the Royal pool. Something as stupid and minor a problem as this episode, would make someone like this couple give this resort a total negative review. I am sure they would also embellish the report about all the terrible things about their trip.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>amplio
<Content>Best Luxury Resort in Punta Cana We recently stayed at the Palma Real after transferring from the adjacent sister property. We typically prefer to stay at luxury resorts such as Ritz-Carltons and the Palma Real is in the same league as these fine hotels.The resort is of new construction and opened in the Fall of 2005. Everything from the sheets to the flat screen TV's in the rooms is brand new. The architecture is Tuscan inspired and absolutley beautiful. The staff prides itself on delivering top-notch service beyond what other hotels on the island offer.We had our two children ages 2 and 4 with us and there was plenty of activities for them to participate in. The childrens activity staff was friendly and always wanting to help. The Game room has all the latest video consoles and games and was quite entertaining. The pools were expansive and not very crowded.The selection of restaurants was terrific as was the service. The food quality is very good, we especially liked the Japanese restaurant with Sushi and Hibachi offerrings.This is a terrific place is you just want to relax and stay on the resort at all times.This is the only resort we would stay at for future visits to the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything is 5 star except the food I returned from the Paradisus Palma Real on June 4th. Overall I thought the place was great and would return, especially for a romantic vacation. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because of the food.Accomodations/Facilities- The accomodations and facilities are 5 star all the way. Room is gorgeous and some friends of mine said the room was identical to the room they had at the Four Seasons in Costa Rica. The pools were all gorgeous and well maintained.Spa- I had two treatments at the spa. A facial and a massage. Both were great. If you can, bring cash to tip with at the spa. They seemed to appreciate it very much. I got the impression that if you tipped on the room charge, the therapist might not receive all of it. Food- The food was the only area I thought could use improvement. Many people I spoke with thought the food was great, but I'm pretty particular. For example, there was no filet mignon even though that is what I thought I was ordering. It was basically a thin ribeye, although it tasted good. I stayed 4 nights at the resort and was ready for some good food when I got home. I do feel for an all inclusive, the food was a s probably as good as it gets. Although the food wasn't awesome, I never went hungry.Restaurants-Passion: Sat there for 2 hours and never got anything but a tuna carpaccio appetizer. Which was good by the way. Finally walked out. Heard from other guests that they had been closed the previously due to low capacity at the resort. Maybe they just weren't back in the swing of things yet. Heard from other guests that they thought it was the best restaurant.Vento: This place was pretty good. This is where i ordered my filet which was actually a ribeye. My mom ordered the sea bass and said it was really good.Hibachi Grill: This place was pretty good. There is no menu. I guess you just get what they give you. Sushi was good. Miso soup was gross. Shrimp and noodles was good. Fried rice was good. Chicken and meat was pretty good, but again no filet.Breakfast Buffet: Excellent pastries. Eggs and pancakes cooked to order. They will make fresh squeezed OJ right in front of you.Agave: There is a chef standing behind the buffet and he will fire you up a chicken quesadilla made to order. It was really good!Market Grill: Pretty simple place. Ate lunch and dinner here. Had dinner here after we gave up at Passion. Had never been so happy to have a little steak, pasta, and cooked carrots in my entire life. They also have prawns and lobster. Lunch is pretty good. Made to order hamburgers, hot dogs, kabobs etc.Peolpe/Service- Are so nice. It is an all inclusive and everyone was great. On the last day I passed out some tips to people I thought did a great job. They were ready to do a catwheel they were so happy. After I complained to the front desk about my experience at Passion restaurant, they sent a letter of apology and a bottle of champagne to my room. I've been to the Bahamas plenty of times and if something goes wrong there, they just don't care (even at Atlantis). So the champagne was a nice touch.Casino/Nightlife- The nightly shows are pretty lame, although they did try hard. Onyx lounge plays chill music til 11pm. Then a dj comes in who is pretty good. I'm 32 and single. This is not the resort to goto to meet other singles and party. But if you were with a significant other and just wanted to cut the rug a little bit before you went to bed, this place would do. Casino is pretty lame too but I love blackjack and they had it. Only thing I noticed missing was craps.This was my 3rd trip to an all inclusive and overall I feel it is the best. If you have a choice I would say Dominican Republic in general smokes the Bahamas (unless your going to Atlantis, and even the $42 chicken parmasean there is no better than the Olive Garden).I have been to Club Med Turks  Caicos. The beach and party were great, food and accomodations were disgusting.Sandals Nassau. Can you say cheesy? Dumpy rooms. Marginal food. A wedding every 15 min.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rossputin
<Content>Service of a boutique, facilities of a resort Having had a not-so-great experience at a new all-inclusive in Cabo San Lucas, my wife and I had a bit of trepidation about trying another new resort, the Paradisus Palma Real in the Domincan Republic.But we could not have been more pleased with the Palma Real. My only caveat is that since the resort is fairly new and was not at a high occupancy rate, I can't necessarily say that everything will be as good when it's nearly full. But if they get even close, the Palma Real will be a big success.As with many ocean resorts, be aware that ocean view might mean a sliver of ocean on an angle from the room. Because of the price of waterfront land, the buildings tend to be in a line perpendicular to the shore, and few rooms have really great views. This is the rule rather than the exception in most such resorts.The service at Palma Real is absolutely exemplary, the kind you might expect at a One and Only for example. Around the pool, friendly young people regularly check whether you need fresh towels or a cold drink. At the restaurants, the servers are always around with water or whatever other drink you need.As for the restaurants, the a-la-carte food is very good, and the buffets (especially the main one) are tremendous. Great selection of everything from meat to seafood to veggies, with an omelette bar at breakfast, a pasta bar at lunch, and an ice-cream cart with some of the best ice cream I've had in central america or the caribbean...plus sprinkles and sauce.The hotel includes a Royal Service option which gets you private check in, a private pool, a private area on the beach with huge bed-like reservable places to relax under nice thatched covers. Since we were traveling with our baby and Royal Service at this particular hotel is not available with young children we did not get into that part of the hotel, but we felt like we got rather Royal Service anyway.One of the managers, Sylvia, was exceptionally helpful to us and in general we found that the staff always answered requests with yes or I think so...let me try rather than the all-too-frequent no or I don't think so. The staff are very very well-trained...the best I've seen at a large property.Internet at the hotel is expensive if you don't have your laptop so if you're going to want to be online more than a few minutes here and there, bring your laptop with wireless connection. On the other hand, I don't recommend wasting your vacation with too much time in front of a screen.[They may try to sell you a Sol Melia vacation package. While it doesn't really fit our plans or budget at this time, it's somewhat better and substantially more flexible than other similar sales pitches I've heard from other resort companies. If you do agree to hear the pitch, expect it to take 90 minutes....and ask for at least $100 in Melia Money to use at the gift shop or spa.]The hotel has several nice pools...including a private one for Royal Service. The beach is clean and the water is a beautiful temperature to cool off from the afternoon heat. One great thing about the hotel is that scuba diving is included in the price. You just make a reservation and then at the appropriate time go to the scuba company's little building on the beach in front of the next hotel which is owned by Sol Melia, the same parent company. The diving itself isn't great at the sites just off the coast, fairly dull stuff and not lots of fish, but the visibility is good, and some cave-like swim-throughs are fun...anyway, it's great to get a dive or two in without having to pay for them.The Domincan people are very nice and friendly, and many speak English quite well. There were no important language issues trying to get anything done.The resort is very child-friendly, with a Kid's Concierge program which all the kids we saw seemed to be enjoying immensely...and so did their parents getting some free time. In-room babysitting is available (by people on the hotel staff) for $10/hour.They also have a nice spa with a wide range of treatments...but don't expect any bargains.Overall, the Palma Real was the best large spa resort we have stayed at, giving us the type of food, service, and hospitality for which we usually spend more to stay at small boutique places. Especially for a place that's so new, they have a lot to be proud of.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kellynjohn
<Content>We had a Great Time at The Palma Real!       Theater and Pool at Night  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Choclatelab
<Content>An Outstanding Resort My husband and I stayed at the Palma Real for four nights to celebrate our 11th anniversary. We just loved the place. The hotel decor is beautiful, Greco-Roman architecture with wonderful art and sculpture everywhere. Our suite was large, with a wonderful private bedroom with a king sized bed. The jacuzzi is big enough for two to soak and we did this one night while sipping the champagne they brought to our room for our anniversary night. If you are celebrating a birthday or anniversary, let them know when you check in. We arrived back to our room from the pool on our anniversary day to find a rose petal path from the door to the bed, rose petals and hibiscus on the bed with a towel sculpture (a swan) and two freshly laundered robes. Also, cold champagne and a cake. What a great presentation. The rooms are very sound proof and you can enjoy a very quite nights' sleep. We travel extensively and this room we had was the best. Pool is great as is the sip and dip bar with great bartenders Alexi and Antonio. The music is very relaxing new age. The bali beds are all around the pool area and are the size of a queen sized bed perfect for sleeping or just to escape the sun. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet and the market grill for lunch. We were a bit dissappointed to find that Passions and Agave were closed while we were there, but apparently they were at low occupancy and that is probably why they were not open. I enjoyed the sushi I ate at the bar at Bana, the Asian restaurant. The meal I ordered was good, but not great, and the food was not hot enough (temperature) for me, but they had the air conditioning blasting and that might explain it. Didn't care for what I had at Vento the Mediterranean Restaurant--I don't think they know how to cook pasta or the sauces that go with it. So, in a nutshell, my dinnners were just ok. The overall experience made up for it. We both won in the casino and had a blast with some other couples we met and really enjoyed ourselves. A FEW TIPS: If you want to do any acitivites, don't go through the tour company who brought you here. Walk down the beach to the activities area, its to the left if you are facing the ocean. This is where you book the free stuff---saliboats, paddleboats, horseback riding etc. But they offer other tours at about half of what our tour company charged. We went on a sunset glass bottom boat ride and were able to just walk to the water and get on. This eliminated a long and hot bus ride, and it was cheaper. Go a day in advance if you want to do something. Things get booked up expecially the freebies. Great service, Excellent atmosphere and rooms, good food for the most part. Most of all the most relaxing, romantic soothing vacation I have been on in a long time. And we plan to go back next year. BRAVO  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice and relaxing My husband and I just returned on the 27th from the Paradisus. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. They were very polite to us on check-in because we got to our room and we were way in the back of the resort and asked to be moved closer to restaurants etc. They checked in the computer and moved us up with no problem. May is definitely the month to go. We did not have to wait at any of the restaurants and had no problem getting chairs under the palapas on the beach. The motel was probably half full.About the restaurants, Ithought the food at the Japanese was very good as well as Passsions and Vento's. The buffett was o.k. but my husband and I are use to cruises where there is an abundance of choices. The only 2 things that were a drawback for us was the beach does have quite a bit of seaweed in the water. You have about 12-15 feet of very clear pretty water then you see the dark spots where the seaweed has collected on the bottom. You can still swim with no problems but we are use to waters in the caribbean where you don't have that. A couple of different people we talked to at the airport that styed at other places said their beach was not like that. The casino was dead and there is definitely a language barrier there. I guess we are use to the casino's hopping at night. Overall it was a very nice place and if you are going to just relax and getaway this will definitely do it for you.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KGil
<Content>Words are not enough! My boyfriend and I just got back from a 7 day vacation at the Paradisus Palma Real. we just got back on the 13th and wow I am still day dreaming about this beautiful resort.The resort is just breath taking, its like a giant spa, so relaxing, classy, simply espectacular.We have no complains about the service, it was excellent, people were really friendly and were always eager to try to make your stay more comfortable and especial.Food was overall really good, the buffets were ok, now for us the best restaurants were Bana and Passion, food was delicious there, they had all kinds of selection of drinks, it was amazing.We had the opportunity to have a romantic dinner at the beach (at additional cost) and it was amazing, we had our own private waiter, the food was outstanding and the service superb....it was the most romantic night of my life.I took the time to read the bad reviews people wrote about the restaurant and noticed that most of them had in common some factors, like problems at check in, problems with the language, etc...my point of view is that problems at check in can happen anywhere and yes it can leave a bad taste in your mouth, but for us it was great, the front desk staff was great and we were greeted with the drink of our choice as soon as we arrived, now we are bilingual so had no problems with comunicating, but yes, I can see how some people had problems with the staff since some staff members are not fluent in english, but no matter what they were always friendly and tried their best to meet their guests needs and expectations.If you go to Onyx, you will love Juan, one of the bartenders, he is great, very nice and make awesome drinks....we felt like family in there every night.We also loved the fact that the music they play at the resort is not loud and annoying, it was very new age, jazzy and trendy, I mean, there is only so much merengue I could take ! and most of the resorts in Punta Cana are just about this loud music.This resort is to relax, to be peaceful, pampered and treated like royalty, cause that's how they treated us, even though we did not get the royal service which we did not consider necessary due to the fact that since the resort is fairly new and it was not full, but you wait and see, this hotel will get packed very soon cause is just wonderful.The Spa was incredile, we had massages and they were just right and once again the staff were very friendly and courteous.Overall our experience was amazing, this place has well deserved 5 stars, and we cannot wait to go back.....is soo amazing, we had the opportunity to see hollywood stars staying there and even partied with a few of them....Howard Stern,Matt Dillon, Mel Gibson, Marcia Gay, Joe Pantoliano, Ian Ziering, Billy Baldwin, Mimi Rogers, among others whose names I really dont remember now....so..do you think Hollywood stars would have stayed there if it was not great? Think about it!If you have more questions or would even like to see some pics and some of them with the stars, you can contact me at KareneG826@hotmail.com  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Hotel Stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real from May 10 till the 15th. I had read most of the reviews and was ready for a pleasant experience. I was more impressed than expected. Hotel -beautiful and very elegant. Super decor. We opted for the Royal Service and will do it again. Don't know if speaking the language helped me and the few dollars in tips I left the staff, but, as far as I am concerned, the service was exceptional. Super friendly staff and willing to go the extra mile for you. The beach was gorgeous. They rake the seaweeds every morning, but maybe we got lucky, since I did not see much of it during my stay.RS Rooms - well appointed, elegant and nice view. Dinning- Surprisingly excellent. From the market grill to room service. The only restaurant I did not care for was Passion. Bana, Vento, Market Grill, and Naos where outstanding. Unfortunately, we wanted to go to Gabby Beach, but it was closed for a private engagement during our stay. The food, anything you could think of. Lobster every evening, great steaks, fish, pasta, caviar, smoked salmon, tepanyaki, martinis, every kind of top shelf liquor, etc..RS pool and beach area we really enjoyed. Especially having the palapas (big sofas under a hut) every day.Golfing was awesome. They have three challenging 9-hole courses in pristine condition. And for $35 per person for 18 holes, you can't beat it.Now for some things that they can improve on:- The hotel is new and there is a lot of work on-going. One morning I was awaken at 8 am by a weedwacker.- Nightly entertainment is kind of cheesy and limited. There is a lounge but every night, except for our last one, was empty.- As mentioned earlier, I was dissapointed with Passion. I guess I was already spoiled by the wonderful food in the other restaurants.- On the RS beach, by the time you get your drinks, all the ice is melted. I ended up bringing a bottle, asking for mix and ice and mixing my own drinks..- No beach bar.- No ice machines near the roomsI really recommend this hotel to anyone planning on having a romantic getaway. I would not hesitate on going back again in the near future.. p.s. Taxi from airport to hotel $35  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Class I stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real May 11 - 14 and this hotel is first class all the way.I read many of the reviews and would like to thank the others reviews ... some were helpfull, some just like to complain. Anyway ..... go and enjoy this hotel. It is spectacular the way it is built. The pool is the best ... it is so comfortable. Sitting in the huts by the water is the best too. You get 4 lounge chairs with the hut ... so keep 2 in the sun and 2 out of the sun. Lets talk details .... Service is 5 stars ... the highest ... all the workers are so nice .... they speak pretty good english and try very hard to please. Accomendations -the room and the whole hotel is a thousand stars .... the best ... the room is so comfortable. Royal service is NOT needed ..... everyone is treated like a king and every room is fantastic with a hot tub for 2. Food - The food is good .... but ... if you like your meat cooked medium RARE ..... good luck .... it will come back medium .... so just give that thought up ..... eat something that can be done medium .... other than that ... the selections are like any fine restrauant. The wine is good and the booze is pleantiful ... so drink up and enjoy ...... this is a  you don't want to miss hotel. 5 Stars .... have fun.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>michiegirl91
<Content>beyond grand expectations. just beautiful as beautiful as the pictires on the website ..even more beautiful in person.We are a family of 4 with 2 teenagers. if u want romance this is the place to go. For the teenagers they tried to provide but guessing because it was may there were no other teenagers, This was the only mistake.I like alot of others spent daily time reading the trip advisor reviews and most are accurate.So for those going and reading take with a grain of salt the negative ones. Its a new hotel and they truly do try and accomodate but there are some kinks that can be worked out if the management truly listens to the complaints.yes it 5 star.............yes its gorgeous..................yes there is a difference between royal service and non roayal service.................At first we weren't sure but then when u see the added resturants and the palapas on the beach and the check in and the pillows etc, it just makes for a more plush vacation.We did do royal service and we did feel in the end that it was the right choice. Maybe not for the month of may but as the season begins in december i would truly reccommend unless u r not particular. Once u lay on a palapas nothing else will suffice.Food was best at dinner time. Buffets are buffets.......................the employess for the most part were warm and friendly and only wanted to accomodate. If u r lucky enough to meet victor the butler.......the rest of the trip will be a breeze.he is a dad and a family man.The evening entertainment each nite may of been short but by the evening u r wiped from all day in sun and drinking and activites. The entertainment i thought was outstanding and so creative. After all , u have all different age groups, nationalalities etc. I was truly impressed, I can be a snob and i thought it was great!*******most important i told my husband and son its casual .they brought only one pair of pants and the first thing is men can only go to dinner in long pants. So be prepared.We never left the premises.we walked miles on the beach each day and it just confirmed how beautilful the palma real is.Each of the hotels had to wear wrist bands.................annoying and where we stayed no wrist bands.We were there with the celebritys also which was an added bonus.i was relaxed until they arrived and then it was all avout people watching. But it made it fun too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The weather was great except for one day.The massage was good at best...i wouldn't do again.All i can say and my family would agree. The palma real is breath taking, its a matter of minutes before it really gets over booked................just a complete positive experience to be enjoyed by all. Be careful the sun is in fact extrememly strong.WE LOVED IT AND WOULD RETURN IN A HEART BEAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If u have any more questions feel free to email me.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kakajohns
<Content>Paradise at the Paradisus Palma Real I am not sure what type of service the people who wrote negative reviews are use too, but this resort is by far a 5 star! We spent 5 amazing nights here for our honeymoon. Grounds are beautiful, staff is friendly, food is great, and beach is fabulous. We had the royal service, but don't think it was needed in the off season - however, a must have during peak times. Almost all the staff was able to speak English. But remember you are in their country you should at least attempt to speak theIr language. All menus have English and Spanish, so give it a whirl, they love it!Just remember you are going here to relax, don't expect things to be super fast. If you want everything the way it is at home, STAY AT HOME!!!!!!!!!!!!The worst part of our trip: Having to come back home!! Feel free to email me with any questions.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Getaway       View from our balcony  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Few kinks but overall great My husband and I spent the week before Easter at the Paradisus Palma Real. To give you a little background, my husband works overseas and we do a fairly large amount of traveling out of the US and in the past 2 1/2 years have been to Europe on a 2 week cruise, Dubai, Lebanon, Atlantis in Paradise Island, and Sandals in Jamaica but this was our first time in the Domincan Republic and may be hooked. We have also been St. Lucia, Antigua, St. Croix, St. Thomas, and Barbados. So I would say we have a fairly good base of reference to compare this resort. We generally stay in the higher end resorts but are easy going so do not pick at every detail as many will do but since we only spend 2 weeks together every 3 months, we like to do it in style. The first few days we were there we had beautiful weather then got stuck with a few days of rain but managed to salvage a good sunny day the last day we were there. But even in the rain, you could still enjoy the pool and beach with the palapas. The resort itself, ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS!!! I was an art/architecture major so I am a freak on buildings. The layout is wonderful with tons of open space and more than enough places to sit and lounge on your own or in the middle of everything. It is not difficult to get anywhere once you are familiar with the way to go. Just word of advice, if it rains, there is marble/terrazzo tile everywhere and it can be very very slippery so watch your footwear. The way that the resort is lit up at night is unreal, make sure you have your cameras ready. The food was good. We pretty much ate at all of the restaurants. I would have to say that Vento was my favorite. I managed to get that mysterious stomach bug that some previous guests had for about 24 hours or so which put a damper on the food experience but not a total loss. We chose to eat at the buffet for most meals. Since we were in a Royal Service room, we had the option to make a reservation for dinner. To be completely honest with you, if we had to wait for a table at the sit down reastuarants, I wouldn't, I would stick to the buffet. Also, do not plan on room service. On the evening of my bug night, I tried just to order a sandwich, after 2 hours... nothing.... called them and they asked if I still wanted it??? Thank goodness my husband was nice enough to bring me stuff from the buffet.There are more than enough bars for you to get plenty of service. The guys at the Royal Service bar were great and very quick to respond to any request. My husband has a Road Runner tatoo and they would say beep beep any time they would see us so we had fun with them. Be willing to try a different drink or twoand you will enjoy. Make sure you try a Bana Mama!!Golf - this was the main reason we went to this resort was because the golf course was across the road and included in your room rate. As previously suggested, we went on the first day we went straight to the course and made our tee times for the whole week. Don't rely on the hotel staff to make them for you. The course if very nice. It consists of 3 sets of 9 holes and depending on how many times you play, they will switch up your combinations so you play a different course. We had several great rounds. If you are a golfer, I recomend fitting in a round or two! Beach- water was beautiful and beach itself with all the palm trees. One of the better beaches I have seen. The seagrass was there but tolerable. My husband is a diver so took advantage of the free 1 tank dive included with the resort and said it was a great dive. Fortunately no tiberons (sharks) like there were in the Bahamas. Pool - the main pool was unreal! Loved the loungers in the pool, plenty of places to sit. The only problem that I had is that according to the rules of the hotel, you are not supposed to be able to reserve one of the main pool palapas but almost daily witnessed a battle for these. People would be out at 7am putting down a flip flop or a bag of magazines then not show up for 3 hours. That was messed up. If you are not supposed to do this, then they need to enforce it. When you throw in the language barrier between groups, we saw almost a few fights over these almost daily. Language - come on people..... you are in a NON ENGLISH SPEAKING COUNTRY!!!! how can you expect them all to be fluent in English. I found this to be a joke that some people would complain about this. I guess it is the arogant American way of thinking. Seeing as probably 85 % of the hotel guests that were there the week we were we not english speaking, why is this an issue. We took or spanish dictionary along with us and fortunately do speak a fair amount of spanish so it helped. Also, it became fun to get the staff to help us learn how to say things. That is what traveling is about, learning the language and culture of where you are staying, not to expect everyone to speak English because you do. If there was a language issue at any point in time, it was not something that could not be overcome by a little sign language and guestures. Activities - we did make use of the spa for a few treatments which were great. I highly recommend the Water Ritual. We also did go to the Casino for a few evenings. It was pretty much a joke, especially after being at Atlantis, but my husband still managed to loose a few hundred to the blackjack tables! Since we don't get to spend much time together we were not totally bothered by the lack of evening activites but definitely did like our post dinner strolls with the lovely ambiance and music playing around. Also, we were at the golf course most days so didnt participate in many of the day activities. Royal Service Rooms - as I said before, we tend to go top of the line when booking a room at resort so opted to get the Royal Service room. Word of advice, dont waste your time or money on this for now. The rooms itself, beautiful. It was nice to be taken straight into the lounge for check in. The location of the rooms at the resort was ideal. Right on the beach! The lay out of the room was nice and spacious. Watch the Jetted Shower, do not turn it on and leave the door open unless you plan to mop the floor. Got to love having a flat panel TV too. It was fun finding the channels in English but there were definitely plenty of them. Having access to reserve the palapas was great. I liked the ones on the beach the best because you could have sun or no sun. Also, there were waiters on the beach more than at the pool. Be sure you make it clear that you want either a pool or a beach one for the whole time if that is you plan. Do not wait until the day before to do this or you wont get one. This is where my praise for the Royal Service ends. What they call their exculsive service was a joke. We were used to being provided hand and foot service at all other resorts and experienced NONE of that at this place. We were escorted to our room by our butler and given a brief tour but then that was it. We did not see him but 2 other times the rest of the week. We made it abundantly clear to him that we only wanted water, diet coke, and Presidente in our fridge every day, nope, got restocked with the usual stuff and we would always run out! We were told you could ask any other butler to do something or to get our butler. Whenever we did that, it never would get done. We asked 2 days in advance to make a reservation for a beach palapa then the night before when we tried to confirm, they said there was no record of it and that we were pretty much left hanging. We more or less got used to going down to the lounge and asking for stuff ourselves and then asking for confirmation that everything was done. This was a total turn off compared to what we have experienced at other resorts where our butlers would be there for us all the time, escorting us to dinner, making all our appointments for us, just checking to make sure we had everything. This did not happen at the the Palma Real. Since being back now I am reading reviews saying if you had tipped them or the other wait staff that you would have received better service??? What is the point of an all inclusive resort if you are still expected to carry around cash to tip people? We would have been more than happy to have tipped at the end as we have done at other places but by NO MEANS was I going to tip this place. There needs to be considerably more people assigned to these rooms as butlers. At other resorts there were 2 butlers assigned to 4 to 5 rooms max. That is what this place needs to shoot for. As I said before, my husband and I are about as easy going as you can get on an vacation but maybe this time we should have really complained away because based on other reviews, those who did complain were the ones that received the better service. Life is too short for that, I wont do it, but I will warn people that just until this place is booked at 100 percent capacity, save your money on the RS rooms, you wont get what you pay for. We are definitely planning to return to the Dominican Republic in the future as I have heard of several other places to try but not quite sure we will be returning to the Palma Real until they get a little more experience under their belt.Good luck and good travels!!  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Jake V
<Content>Worth the trip We were a little concerned about the place due to some negative reviews, but our overall experience was GREAT. My wife and I were here five nights for our one-year anniversary trip and enjoyed it thoroughly. We elected for the Royal Service so I can only comment on that, but from the looks of things, it is the way to go. With Royal Service you have upgraded rooms, better restaurant availability a private, adults-only pool and beach area, and your own poolside bar. Pool and Beach: With Royal Service we were also able to reserve Palapas (sp?) by the pool which are basically big beds with thatched roofs; never had a problem with securing one. hen you can just sit in there or on a chaise all day, read, sweat and drink. The non-Royal pool had people staking their claims at daybreak, leaving stuff on the chairs and Palapas to reserve them for later. The guys in the Royal Service area were super-friendly, spoke English just fine and very attentive. Big thanks to Pedro, Juan, Ahmed and Antonio for making and bringing many drinks. The non-Royal pool is really nice, but noisier, more crowded and also had kids. Not a plus for me. Swim-up bar was cool though. Beach is gorgeous, both Royal and non were not too crowded at all. Go down the beach, though, and prepare to be accosted by vendors.Service: Great. Language barrier was minimal and the staff attentive overall. Don't be in a big hurry, but its not Paris-slow, either. Some people made comments about language issues, I didn't encounter anything like that. We listened to Berlitz Latin American Spanish CD before we went and got some basics down, and I think the staff really appreciated the effort. I heard some guests repeating the same things over and over in increasing volume to bewildered employees and/or acting haughty - my guess is those are the people who write bad reviews. If someone doesn't understand a particular term, use another one. I was friendly to the staff, tried to speak their language a little and was treated very well the whole time. Show them respect, throw out an occasional tip (100 pesos is three bucks, and most of them are happy to get 50 pesos) although its not necessary, and you will have a fine time. There are some really friendly cats (the guys in the disco will shoot the bull with you all night long if you want) working at this place. Didn't really have to use butler service, but Miguel and the crew were there should we have needed anything.Airport and Transfer: when you get to the airport there is a little craziness - they take your picture, charge you ten bucks tourism fee and there are baggage guys falling all over themselves to take your bags. No means no! Transfer to the hotel is $25 US and there will be a taxi starter there. Seems expensive? Well, gas is $16 a gallon in DR, so its understandable. And when you see the modest accomodations of the locals on the drive in, you're happy to be on vacation.Food: Royal Service saves the day, because if you don't opt for it, you are eating a lot of buffet. And the buffet food stinks. I don't think non-royal guests got a la carte breakfasts or lunches, just dinners. BRING PANTS. Every good restaurant requires them and the ones in the gift shop are horrendously overpriced. That said, the food was very good overall and the formal breakfasts in Vento each morning were great. The Royal-only restaurant was good too and we really enjoyed the Asian fusion a la carte. The liquor is top shelf (think El Jimador margaritas and Johnnie Walker Black cocktails) and the wine passable. No oenophile will be excited, but its all drinkable. The only bad meals we had were the first day when we were desperate, hungry and had to do buffet. Terrible, minimal selection at the outdoor one. There was another we lunched at one day that wasn't bad. I definitely got the feeling that the Royal Guests were getting better treatment at the Royal-only side of the house. I reiterate: get Royal Service.Spa: The water treatment area looks pretty cool, but it was kinda lame. We had massages one day and they were great. The spa's really nice overall. The health club looked crowded from a distance, but I was on vacation, so that was as close as I got.Entertainment: Skip it. The shows at the theatre were terrible. We had to leave a little ways in. There's a TV in the room; use it. In all seriousness, if you are just on a couples vacations, there isnt a lot to do. The disco doesnt get busy until 11, the casino is rinky-dink . Have a nice dinner and crash or have a cocktail in the room if you're a low-key couple like we are. Either way there's no big nightlife scene but we were visiting a beach resort, not Manhattan.Overall: The place is beautiful but the craftsmanship isn't really up to US or Euro standards. But as that effected my vacation absolutely not-at-all, who cares? Big deal if something is a little crooked or some cut work is sloppy.Be nice to the staff, learn a little Spanish (its their country, after all) and they will treat you like gold.Unless you are really bargain hunting, do yourself a favor and spring for Royal Service. Its totally worth it. For sit-down meals three times a day, a quiet pool area with dynamite chair-side service and to be able to avoid the noisy main pool bar - priceless. I can't comment on the other properties in the DR but I can safely say that a Royal Service vaca here will not disappoint.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not a five star hotel We just returned from a one week stay at the Paradisus Palma Real. The hotel was beautiful however it has many problems to work out. We did not opt for the Royal Service and I was sure glad we didn't when we got there. Royal Service makes reservations for you at the restaurants but you didn't need them because the restauants were nearly empty every night. They also had their own pool area which was small and crowded. I do think a butler may have come in handy at the beach or poolside since now one came around to offer drinks- I have stayed in many first class hotels particularly in the caribbean and I have never been to a hotel with no beach or poolside service. The restaurants were nice as far as decor goes but the food was mediocre - I t was hit or miss - you never new what you going to get. I think Passions was the best restaurant as far as food goes. Bana was our worst experience - the food was cold, they brought us the wrong wine and when we told the waiters they were annoyed that they had to take it back, They were rude and unprofessional - which brings me to the service. The service was terrible - the staff was inept - they did not bring the wine before the appetizers - they either brought your food out to fast or too slow. In vento one night we were finished with dinner in 1/2 hour from appetizers to dessert. We had not toilet paper or wash clothes in our room, no clean glasses every day. The bartenders at the pools did not know how to make the drinks they had on their menu. The ran out of certain wines in the restauants on more than one occassion. They ran out of Corona beer at the pool bar and the buffet restaurant. The buffet breakfast was pretty good however again the staff were rude and indifferent. The beach was beautiful- too bad the water was full of seaweed - I love to swim in the ocean however I did not go in because of the seaweed - but you can't fault the hotel for that - they did try to rake and clear it out every morning. Its a shame that the staff weren't trained better because the hotel is beautiful. It needs better chefs and better trained staff because a lovely place is not the whole vacation experience. I would not recommend a vacation here- go the Mexico - the Riviera Maya is beautiful.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lillotis
<Content>An amazing 5 night getaway       Love this spot for evening cocktails!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>morgan113
<Content>Beautiful Hotel but VERY disappointed... I just returned from a five day stay from the Paradisus, and both me and my fiancee were extremely disappointed. I will say the hotel is beautiful. The rooms were great, bathroom was great, pools were gorgeous, and the bally beds are amazing. Sadly that is where my positive review ends.. Now onto my real problems with the resorts:1. Food - One word, bad. My fiancee was sick in bed for half of the trip. I think the resort tries to hard to be 'fancy.' Nothing is simple. Personally I do not want a seafood paella for lunch when its 88 degrees and sunny. A simple sandwich with french fries was all we wanted, and there was not any simple options like that. We ended up spending a ton of money on Pringles at the gift shop. We are from NYC, and we are used to great food, but we have been on vacations many times where the food is decent and we are happy. This place was not the case. I can't even imagine what kids would eat at a place like this.2. Restaurants - The choice of restaurants was also a real problem. Personally, when we go on vacation we go to relax and enjoy the sun, weather, and the beach. With the exception of the buffet, there wasn't a single restaurant that you could enjoy outdoors. Everything was indoors with air conditioning, and required the men to wear closed-toed shoes, another problem. Worst of all, there was not a single place to get a bite during the day while you're laying by the pool or on the beach. You have to get up from your lounging area and walk all the way down to the restaurants to eat. How they could not even have a grill near the pools is beyond me - I had never seen anything like that. It did not allow for any sort of relaxation, it was way too formal, but yet not even good!3. Service - We got Royal Service, AKA: NO Service. It's a waste of money. The pool is lovely, but so are the other pools. Maybe if this resort was actually half-way full, RS would be worth it. But when we were there, it was half empty and the only crowded places were the RS spots. The rest of the resort was empty, to the point of depressing!Maybe this place is just too new and hasn't figure it out yet, but what a waste of a week!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>afb821
<Content>Beautifil        Jelly Fish on the beach  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>baniced
<Content>True Paradise!!! My wife and I just returned from a wonderful and relaxing 6 night stay at the Paradisus. As soon as you step out of the taxi (which was an adventure) you realize that this is heaven. The entire hotel is an open-air design, no walls or windows, so when you stand in the lobby, you can see the pool and ocean which are in the distance (a beautiful view). The resort is very clean and very beautiful. The arhcitectural design and colors are very rich looking. Massive columns, water fountains and at night, candles and incense burn throughout the resort. There is always music playing throughout the resort which provides a nice and relaxing feeling when you're laying out at the pool, or just strolling back to your room after a filling dinner.We did pay for the Royal Service (RS) upgrade and have some positives and neagatives regarding this service. As soon as you arrive, they take you will take you to the Royal Service lounge where you can sit down and quietly check in at a more relaxing atmosphere. This lounge is also available throughout your stay (only to Royal Service members) for free internet access, drinks, hot appetizers and deserts before each meal, couches, various newspapers from around the world, TV, board games. You can also make dinner reservations and palappa reservations. After checking in (which took 15 minutes) we were introduced to our Butler who then walked us through the resort and showed us some of the key hot spots. We were brought to our room where we were also shown what each light switch did, where our liquor was, and other perks such a pillow menu request list. The RS rooms are in the own private wing, closest to the beach. We paid for a garden view room and received a pool/partial ocean view room. I don't think there is a bad RS room. No need to pay extra $$ for the ocean view. There is a private pool and bar and beach area for RS members. The pool is kind of small, but rarely used it. Spent most of our time on the beach. The one perk for the RS beach is that if you reserved a palappas, you received basic lounge chairs and a matress like double lounge chair...well worth it!! This thing was amazing. All you need is a few pillows and you were set. We ate breakfast mostly at the buffet, which offers the typical buffet-type food, such as made to order omelets, french toast, bacon, potatos, cereal, various meats and cheeses (which were very nice but hesitated on eating since they were sitting out), danishes, etc. We also tried Vento for breakfast. Vento offers breakfast and lunch only to RS members. Another plus. Vento also offers dinner which is supposed to have an Italian flair to it. Didn't really see it, but the food was still amazing. They offer a wine list where you can choose which BOTTLE you would like. I first thought it was a list to choose which glass of wine you would like. There are about 10 -12 reds, 8-10 whites, 2-3 blush, 2 sparkling wines to choose from, ranging in types and countries. I first ordered a red for me and a white for my wife and they come with 2 new bottles, they show you the bottle and let you taste it before pouring a full glass. Very professional and well done for an all-inclusive. Vento offes great food and great service. A nice break from the buffet!!Bana is three restaurants in one - Asian teppanyaki, sushi, and asian fusion. The teppanyaki restaurant is similar to hibachi here in the US - only difference is that there is no menu. Everyone gets the same meal. The sushi was good, but believe it or not, no raw fish. They offered tuna, salmon , eel, lobster, crab, and shrimp, but it was all cooked or smoked. Still very good, but not what I call sushi. The Asian fusion restuarant was great. nice menu and great atmosphere. A wine list is also offered here. Passions is an adult only restuarant, but I am not sure why. The food and atmosphere here are also amazing. I had the lamp chops and my wife had the rib eye - both excellent. A wine list is also offered here. We also had lunch at the Market Grill on those days where we wanted something quick and simple. They offer rotisserie chicken cut up into pieces, made to order burgers, fired calamari, nachos with cheese and meat sauce, and various salads. There is one place that I recommend trying. We had a hard time finding it. It is the Gabby grill. It is located on Gabby beach, and offers variuos dishes for a price. This is where RS comes in...it is free for RS members (and I think family concierge guests). The menu ranges from appetizers, to salads, to pizzinis, to entrees, to sushi. We ate like kings here. This is open for lunch and dinner and the setting is very quiet and romantic, outdoors under a large thatch hut with tons of candles burning. A wine list is also offered here.There is an activities team that runs the activities for the resort. We did not tak full advantage of the activities offered, since we were in full relax mode on the beach. The staffis very friendly and probably speaks the best English on the entire property. They put on some shows at night which are fun to watch. The pool was warm for most of the day, but it took a little time to warm up each morning. The pool is very clean and very large. There are 5 jacuzzis scattered throughout, and I still have no idea on how to turn on the jets. There is one large swim up bar which is very nice when relaxing in the pool.There were so many bars that I stopped counting. There were always open and were willing to serve you whatever you wanted. A WIDE selection of top shelf liquors and beers. They had Bud, Miller, Presidente, Corona. We bought the Bubb Kegs from Wal Mart that everyone recommeneded. These were a big hit and were very useful on the beach. You can fill these puppies up with a margarita and it would stay cold for hours. It was a lot better than the little plastic cups that they give you and get warm quickly in the heat. The weather was WARM...about 85 degrees...the first few days there was overcast clouds that cleared up around 2 pm. The sun is very strong. There were a lot of lobsters walking around, including us. I used SPF 15, sometimes a little 30, and other times 8. We got some nice color. Bring aloe!!The beach sand was very soft and the water was warm. There was a lot of seaweed on the beach that had washed up, and there were pockets floating at the bottom in the water. We walked up and down the beach to other resorts and noticed that this is common through the area, not just our resort. Plus we did notice that the other resorts were packed with people and a lot of kids. The Paradisus was not overly crowded and I think I counted 7 kids total in our resort. They landscaping was nice, and they were constantly working on, removing dead and replanting new plants throughout the resort. So this vacation was very relaxing and the resort was amazing. I would definitely go back if I had the $$. Since the resort was not as crowded, there was no wait or problems being seated at dinner. I think the RS package was nice, but will definitely be worth it once this place starts to pick up business and becomes the diamond rated resort they talk about. The language barrier is a problem that they need to fix, but overall this is an A++++ resort. Go and enjoy!!!  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!! Georgeous is putting it mildly. The decor is splendid. We stayed for 4 days at the end of April and have nothing negative to say. We never wanted for anything. The waiters were constantly at our beck and call. The food was delicious. We checked in promptly and our room was available immediately. We had three rooms in one for a family of four. It was way beyond our expectations. We have never traveled out of the states and we would definitely go back. The only dissapointment would be that there were daily activities throughout the day. We had run across a flyer the first day but after that we never saw another one so we never knew what was going on throughout the resort. We kept busy anyways so it wasn't a big deal if we were staying a week it would have been necessary to keep entertained. The beach is wonderful (lots of seaweed though) and the pool was beautiful and both were just the right water temperature. We were amazed that we had plenty of room wherever we went. It was never crowded (pool, beach, restaurants). We saw a couple of the other resorts and they didn't compare. This place was like nothing we have ever saw before. The staff greets you from the time you come in until the time you leave. We had drinks brought to us while checking in along with a cool towel. The pool and beach are right at the resort so no long walks. That meant the most to us. We didn't have to do a lot of walking to get somewhere. Everything is right at your fingertips.The staff again was extremely helpful. It's nice to tip the waiters a dollar or two and they really appreciate it and welcome you back with open arms. Ask for a waiter Alredo at the main buffet. He was very nice and constantly checked that we had everything we wanted. Hated to leave and can't wait to go back. Try to parasailing it was lots of fun. I was afraid after reading some of the reviews but believe me if you are an easy going person you'll love it. We didn't have drinks on the beach but we normally don't in the US so that didn't bother us. We were able to wait until we got off the beach to get a drink. There maybe some small minor things but they're not worth mentioning and they were taken care of immediatley. By looking at some of the other resorts I would bet there would be much much worse problems happening. This place is only going to get better as time goes on but I can't imagine having it any better.We did NOT have the Royal Service and were treated very nice. Keep up the good work.Great job to all the staff!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>3boysgonemad
<Content>Paradisus Palma Real-Gorgeous! My husband and I just returned from the Paradisus Palma Real and were very pleased with our choice. It couldn't have been more beautiful. The sand on the beach is like silk under your feet and the water is a thousand shades of green. They keep the resort very clean, although the fight against seaweed is a losing battle. We had no problem finding clear places to swim, however, so it was no big deal. The ocean was nearly as warm as bathwater. Most of the staff was very friendly.I've read complaints about the pool being cold but we didn't find it to be so. We enjoyed the tile pool chairs where you can lounge in the water with your drink. Shade or sun, your choice. By the way, bring SPF 30 or higher. I can't believe how many walking lobsters I saw. Tough to enjoy your vacation with 2nd degree burns over most of your body.We spoke to several couples who paid for Royal Service and were regretting it. Yes, there is a separate (very small) pool. Who cares. The action is in the main pool. Yes, there is a separate restaurant. Who cares. How often are you going to eat there when there are so many others to sample? Yes there is a separate area at the beach. Who cares. It's the same beach.The only real advantage to Royal Service is the private check in. Everybody else had serious check in problems. It took hours for many people to get into their rooms. Here is where at least one English speaking staff member would have been helpful as the issues can be a little more complex. Put your swimsuit and sunscreen in your carry-on so you're not stuck sitting around. There are many spa services from which to choose. The prices look reasonable until they add on the taxes and hotel fees. My $88 massage jumped by $32 and that's before I added a tip.The activity desk is near the pool bar. Get your towels and sign up here for free and fee-paid beach activities. A few hours in advance is usually enough time. I highly recommend the kayaking and the four person catamaran. Don't bother with the Scuba-Doo. They compare it to an underwater motorcycle. Not. It's so slow and unmanageable that each person was assigned his own master diver to lead you around and push the machine in the proper direction. Not worth the $65 price tag. The parasailing was OK. It's a short ride and doesn't go especially high. They encourage you to ride tandem for $80 per couple. Singles are $45. The golf course is beautiful and well groomed. Don't be fooled by the 'free golf'. You are required to get a cart $21 per person for 9 holes. Club rental were $35 per person for 9 holes. Adds up quick. Morning Tee times are tough to get, however, we heard that if you take the shuttle over the golf course, you can book a better time there.Try the beach dance lessons. We loved them! We still can't dance but we laughed a lot. Geronimo is the best instructor. Applauso!!Bocce ball was a good time too. Can't understand why more people didn't try it. You can't lay on your beach chair ALL day. Beach vollyball was a big hit.The food was hit and miss. Buffet items were usually a bit overcooked but still pretty tasty. The Asian bistro has great appetizers and desserts (short ribs, dumplings,and lemon cheese cake) but the entrees were only OK. The hibachi grill was great fun but the food was OK. The market grill has great chicken. The sushi has no raw fish--go figure.Passions had some tasty items but we waited over 2 hours to get our food. Others also had service issues there. Vento was pretty good. Fancier service. Overall, food presentation was great while food quality was only OK.The onyx bar doesn't start hopping until midnight or later. If you like to dance, it's the place to be. This place was easy to miss. It's not well marked. It's right next door to the gift shop. The casino gambling was kind of fun. We won every time we went, so I could be biased. Speaking of the gift shop...Wow is it expensive. Bring an extra bottle of sunscreen because it's $17 for a medium sized bottle. Any kind of pharmacy type item was shockingly expensive. Bring your Pepto and Tylenol from home!Speaking of expensive... Don't expect any good deals from the local merchants. You can bargain with them but they start the bidding so high that you'll give up and leave before you get near a reasonable price. You'll love the night-time ambiance. Candles everywhere. Soft, warm breezes. Incense in the air. Live laid-back music. Very romantic just to walk around or stop to slow dance if the mood hits you. It wasn't a perfect resort but I loved it anyway. I think you will too.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FishManRichie
<Content>Very bad....especially if you don't speak Spanish aRRIVED AT 2 FOR 3pm check in; room unavailable until 6PM so had to sit in lobby. Upon arriving to room, gave us 1 bed for 3 adults. Were told no other room available until next day at 3PM. Arrangements made for luggage to be picked up at 2 and taken back to Main Lobby for 3PM check in (room # given day prior where we would be relocated to). Upon arrival there, room unavailable. Had to take luggage and ourselves back once again to Main Lobby and waited another 2 1/2hrs. for another room to become available. All during this confusion, staff at check in would stop speaking with us and start conversaations with new arrivals. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL FOR A SUPPOSEDLY 5 STAR RESORT. We then asked to have a supervisor/manager contact us because since nearly 1 full day was wasted in the LOBBY we wanted a credit towards our room rate. No one ever phoned us. On more than one occasion asked to speak w/supervisor and were always told they were in meetings. Day prior to check out room was never cleaned so found housekeeping and asked them to come up; they had on their schedule we had checked out! Tried to find English speaking person once again to help us out. After about an hour had someone come up to clean room. Once again headed to front desk to speak personally with supervisor re: credit and were told we would be contacted with the hour. NOTHING...Day of check out went back once again and were told someone would speak with us; after 45 minutes of again missing beach/pool time, supervisor said rather than provide a credit would we consider a 50% discounted room rate and try to give them another chance. After speaking with husband and daughter we decided we would give another Paradisus a try but not this one. When I returned to advise the supervisor or our decision, was told she was in a meeting. I waited approx.. 20 minutes and advised the front desk that we were leaving for the airport in 1hrs. and needed to speak with the supervisor prior to check out. When they finally found her and I told her of our decision, she said the reduced rate was only in effect for the Punta Cana location but she would give us a credit of $260. Of course we took it, but felt it wasn't very much considering we would have been provided with at least $1,000 discount if we were to have rebooked another 5 nite vacation there at a nitely rate of over $500 per nite. Will also write directly to SolMelia letting them know of our disappointment and daily visits to the front desk hampering our vacation time.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kcan
<Content>Paradisus Palma Real - Beautiful, Great Food, Impeccable Service We just got back from staying at Paradisus Palma Real resort....it was definitely a 5-star hotel! Once arriving at the resort we fell in love with the place from the beauitful decor to the very friendly staff serving champagne to the guests just arriving. We did not pay for the Royal Service but there was no need, the room was great. It had a european shower, 2 person jacuzzi tub, king size bed, plasma tv, cd player, sitting area and a patio. The room smelled like aromotherapy scents - which made it very relaxing and comfortable. Our room was cleaned everyday as soon as we left and we had no issues with anything missing. Room service was great. The staff came by every afternoon to make to sure you didn't need anything like fresh towels, any beverages, etc. The BEACH was beautiful and impressive from the very warm ocean water to the white sand beaches that you can walk down for miles. There are chairs, tables, lounge beds, huts for shade and of course staff serving drinks. There was no need to reserve your beach chairs early because they have plenty. The drinks were excellent and always used premium alcohol if requested. The pool is very nice as well. The pool bar gets busy between 4pm and 6pm.The food was impeccable - our favorite restaurant was the Mediterranean - the meal was just delicious and service was outstanding. The Asian restaurant was our 2nd favorite which was served family style. The buffet was delicious as well which served lobster and shrimp with melted butter...excellent. The only restaurant I would not recommend is Passion...the service was very slow and wasn't feeling good after eatting the Salmon Tartar. The nightlife was great - it contained different entertainment every evening which we were very impressed with. It ranged from las vegas type shows, to a soloist, an orchestra, and finally a 70's 80's band which everyone was dancing too. The Chill Out Lounge is great but doesn't start to get busy until 11:30 - Midnight. The only complaint I have about the whole trip is using Prieto Tours as our shuttle service to and from the airport. It was very disorganized as to which bus we get on when we arrived and the shuttle never came to the resort to pick us up after calling and confirming that morning. Otherwise our trip was great and would highly recommend staying at the Paradisus Palma Real resort. It was a very romantic, relaxing trip and we will definitley be going back!!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>johnny12
<Content>Relaxing I stayed at the Palma Real with my girlfriend from April 21-26. It was my first stay at an all-inclusive in the Caribbean so I was very nervous about the quantity of food and service. The entire experience at the Palma Real surpassed my expectations and I had a wonderful time. As one of the previous reviewers noted, there have been plenty of descriptions of the grounds and pool so I don't feel it necessary to describe them in detail. The grounds and pool are extremely beautiful and there are dozens of pictures on this sight to prove it. I would like to highlight some of the reasons I felt the Palma Real was an excellent resort.Despite the fact that the Palma Real is an extremely large resort, there were a relatively small number of guests staying there at the end of April. There were always empty lounge chairs by the pool, both in the shade and in the sun, and there were dozens of open chairs on the beach. My girlfriend and I preferred to sit by the pool because it felt significantly cooler than sitting on the beach. The beach felt like a sauna by mid-afternoon and in our opinion was simply too hot. The majority of the other guests apparently agreed with us because there was hardly anyone hanging out in the beach chairs. The pool was very warm, but was still an excellent way to cool off from walking around in the heat all day! The market grill was never crowded for breakfast or lunch, and some most of the time it seemed there were as many waiters as diners. We usually went to dinner around 9PM, and never had a problem getting a table. By 930, all of the restaurants were basically empty, so I would recommend waiting a little bit later to dine if you experience problems getting a table. We absolutely loved how empty the resort felt. We never had to wait for anything or battle over pool chairs or restaurant reservations. I felt the beach was very nice, but my girlfriend absolutely hated the sea grass. The sea grass was a bit unsightly in areas, but I didn't feel it ruined my experience. I enjoyed being able to walk along in the shore in either direction. It gave us an opportunity to get some exercise in the morning and also gave us a glimpse of some of the other resorts. Some of the other resorts looked like unsafe shacks and made us feel very glad we were staying at the Palma Real!The food at the market buffet was hit or miss. I felt they did some things very well, and other things were not very good. Overall, I would say the buffet was very good once I figured out what types of foods they prepared well. The Asian fusion restaurant had very average food but excellent service. I don't think we ate more than half of what we ordered because the portions were large and the food just wasn't that good. The next night we tried Vento, and had a much better experience. Again, the service was very good, and the food was much better. I felt Passions was the best restaurant, and I would recommend going twice if you have to repeat restaurants after the third night.There have been some negative reviews of the bars and drink quality and I don't understand why. There were about 7 or 8 bars on the resort, and I never had to walk far to get a drink. The bartenders were excellent and knew how to make every drink we ordered. All of the liquor behind the bar was top-shelf, so make sure to take advantage of the premium drinks. The lobby bar was very nice, and we enjoyed getting after dinner drinks there every night. The pool bar was convenient, but the bartenders appeared to hate life and were in no hurry to make anyones drinks. I suppose running around in the heat all day in a uniform would make anyone irritable. Unless we needed a bottle of water, we usually would go elsewhere for drinks because the bartenders were much quicker and made better drinks. Every bartender spoke enough English, and were actually enthusiastic to see Americans coming up to order drinks. Unfortunately, I forgot most of my ones at home, so many of the positive attitudes disappeared after the bartenders realized they weren't going to be getting tips. I would say a dollar tip for every round of drinks would guarantee prompt and friendly service. It looked like most of the Americans were tipping the cocktail waitresses and bartenders, but it certainly wasn't necessary to get service. Observations: The vast majority of visitors at the Palma Real while we were there were American. There seemed to be more Europeans and Latin Americans at the other resorts, but the Palma Real seemed to be exclusively American. The service throughout the resort was very good, and everyone spoke enough English to get you what you wanted. Obviously, this is a foreign country, and you can't expect the cleaning lady to speak fluent English or your waiter to give you a detailed description of everything on the menu. If you travel to a foriegn country, you can't expect everyone to speak fluent English. It's actaully rather funny that some of the people writing reviews were shocked that most of the service people didn't speak fluent English. Relax and enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic My wife, 2 kids and I stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real the week of April 17th. The rooms, facilities, resturants, beach, and pool were all first rate. The staff was helpful and friendly and we all had a great time. Food: 4+ Resturants: Asian, Teppanyaki, Italian, Continental, Buffet. We went with the kids every night and the food was always great. We especially liked the Teppanyaki grill and the kids were welcome everywhere.Pool/Beach: Best I've been to.Activities: The only one we tried was horseback riding. It was a long drive to where they kept the horses but it was worth it. The activity is set-up for complete beginners and part of the ride is on the beach. I saw and heard about the golf - those who played only had good things to say.Service/Waitstaff: Plentiful and helpful.Was it worth it? Yes, I would go back again and hope to do so next year.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>actorshout
<Content>PURE PARADISE! I just returned from this resort yesterday with my 13 yr old daughter and had to write to tell everyone to ignore all the negative reviews and go for it! I met many people who had read negative reviews and could not believe they were at the same hotel!We had Royal Service which is well worth the extra for the private beach , pool and the private restaurant for breakfast with mimosas ! The service was excellent and the staff friendlier then any resort we have been to. The food was first class and the only language problem was with room service but our butler soon got on the phone and corrected our problems. The resort is kept spotless and even the seaweed is removed in bags every afternoon!We did both get one day of an upset stomach so be sure to take the pepto with you!! Anyone with questions, feel free to email me at bmarcogliese@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gtcouple
<Content>Wonderful resort Geoff and Tracey, North Bay, OntarioApril 8th - 15th, 2006 My husband and I recently returned from one of the best vacations we have ever had. We started our vacation at the Bahia Principe but because of over booking we were offered the opportunity to stay at the Paradisus at no extra charge to us. Let me tell you that this was the best offer we have ever had. We spent five fabulous days in one of the most beautiful and luxurious resorts we have ever been to. This was our tenth visit to the DR so we have a broad base to compare to. Upon arrival at the resort, our breath was taken away. We had a spectacular view of the ocean, through the lobby, while still on the bus. We knew it was going to be special since, during check in, they cut our bracelets off from the previous resort, while explaining that you do not need bracelets or reservations (for meals) while you are here. Since our room was not available until 3:00 pm we were given our ID card (room key) and told to feel free to check out the resort. With a cold can of Presidente in hand, off we went to explore paradise. Everything about this resort is wonderful, the lobby, the lower level courtyard leading out to the elegant restaurants, large pool and spectacular beach.  After our tour we headed back to the lobby to see if we could upgrade our room to Royal Service. There was no availability, and quite frankly, it was not needed. Our room was perfect. We were on the third floor with a partial view of the ocean and overlooked the Zen garden and eco spa. We have never stayed in more luxurious accommodations in the DR, or anywhere else for that matter. We had a beautiful suite with a king size bed, walk in closet with electronic safe, a huge marble bathroom with a two person jacuzzi tub, separate shower with multi-level spray heads, a separate room with a toilet, a modern flat screen tv on the wall, fridge with beer, water and pop and a coffee maker. The bath towels were huge and replaced twice a day, morning and at nightly turn down service. Face cloths, hand towels and bath mats were never in short supply. I could write a whole review just on the room but feel I need to move on to the other areas of the resort. The restaurants are all located off the main courtyard. You could choose the buffet, japanese, tympani style, sushi bar, Asian fusion, gourmet dining (adults only) and one other that we did not have the opportunity to eat at. This might be a good time to mention that they do enforce the dress code at the restaurants for dinner. Men have to wear long pants and no sandals are allowed. We never had a problem with this as both my husband and I enjoy dressing up for dinner. We found that the food, no matter where we ate was wonderful, and the service was exceptional. We had several options for wine, not just your regular house wine, and our glass was never empty. The lobby bar was a perfect place to wind down before and after dinner and enjoy any international/premium drink that we could think of. There was plenty of areas to sit and relax while enjoying the talents of the piano player. If we didn't feel like going to the bar to get our own drinks there was always a friendly waitress to get one for you. This service was also available at the pool or on the beach as well as the lower courtyard outside the restaurants. The beach in Punta Cana is spectacular regardless of the resort you are at but this one made it even more spectacular with its abundantly available palapas for shade, comfortable, multi-adjustable loungers and huge sun beds (must see them to believe). There were several bali beds around the pool but if you were not out first thing in the morning to reserve one there were none to be had, so you need to be up early. The beach towels, as with the room towels, were always available and were extra large with a no card system in place. The only other thing I would like to mention is the wonderful effort put on by this resort to make you feel as comfortable and relaxed as possible. At night there are candles and romantic lighting everywhere, and I mean everywhere, the stairs leading up to the lobby, in the washrooms (even the ones by the pool) and all over the grounds. They have literally thought of everything. There is also relaxing music played throughout the day, around the pool and in the garden areas. We are already planning our next trip to the Paradisus!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It wasn't the best               More photos  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very good among all-inclusives Recently spent six nights in the Paradisus. Since we opted for Royal Service (RS), my review will reflect a stay based on the RS experience. It is a quick ride from the airport that takes approximately 30 minutes. Upon exiting the van I indicated to the greeting valley that we had RS. He had me approach a little stand that had the names of the RS guests arriving that day. After I pointed out my name on the list of guests, he must have finally believed my prior assertion and kindly escorted us to the RS lounge for the check in which went very smoothly and according with the descriptions provided on this site by previous reviewers. You are seated, given a cold towel, and a mimosa. By the way, they do not go to the great lengths to provide you with one, as the RS lounge shares a common wall (supposedly with a connecting passage) with the adjacent main bar. The check-in was quick, and a man who was introduced to us as our butler took us to our room, describing the resort along the way. The walk did not take more than five minutes. The grounds are truly beautiful, and have been sufficiently described in prior reviews so I will not focus on this issue.Now, point number one: this resort uses three-story buildings without elevators. So, if climbing to the third floor is a problem, make sure to request a lower floor. Our first room was on the third floor. Upon realizing this, we requested to be moved. The resort did not have any available rooms the same day; however, they moved us to the second floor the following day. We were offered a choice between the first and the second floors. The rooms were identical. The rooms are decent with quasi-separate living and sleeping areas. Sounds fine; however, I do not know what is so functional about the division as the living area does not have a television set in it, nor is it likely that many devote themselves to spending a great amount of time in the room. However, the living area has a sofa-bed, so if your party includes more than two individuals, it is a necessity. The bathroom is very good; however, I cannot understand why there is not a complete separation between the bathroom and the room. Yes, there is a bathroom door; but the area between the Jacuzzi and the room is rather open. Now about the shower that has been widely advertised as something called European Jet Shower, or along those lines. I have never in my life seen a more useless invention. Imagine the following. You enter a rather large shower cabin. You see something that looks very sophisticated, i.e. a regular shower with multiple other double jet openings at your chest, hip and knee levels. Sounds great, right? Well, not so fast. You can only operate one level at the time. So, if you want to give pleasure, say, to you thighs, thighs are the only area of your body that will be sprayed with water. If it is your chest, your thighs will stay wet and cold, and so forth. Bare in mind those are very poor sprays that are not eager to dispense a lot of water at the time. If one could use all the water openings at one time, it would have been one great system. But the way it is installed at the Paradisus, appears to be completely useless. There are no bidets, if one cares for one. The beds are average, with not much support. Their mattresses are not the best, yet they are okay. The linens are artificial so you tend to sweat. Air conditioning is not the strongest; it seemed to work better on the second floor; however, I am not sure if there is a connection. About the beach and the pool. Personally, I do not care about the pool much, since the main attraction appears to be the sea. One can have a pool in the desert. I just do not get it why do people travel all the way to the sea to spend their entire time by the pool. It is just beyond me. The RS section has a separate pool and beach area. If you are a RS guest, you are stationed in two buildings closest to the beach and the RS pool. To get to the beach, you first walk through the pool area, where there is a bar, and you can also pick up beach towels, sun block, newspapers, books, etc. The main difference between the regular beach and the RS beach is that the RS beach has Bali beds which are truly great, and are tremendously more comfortable than regular chaise loungers. You can reserve them the day before. The attendant has a list, and points you to your location. Attendants walk around frequently, and bring you drinks, chips, coffee, etc. However, the quality of their drinks is not great, and unless you direct the bartenders as to what you want in your drink, what you get may not be what you envisioned upon ordering. Otherwise, the beach is not crowded, the seawater is clean, i.e. transparent, but there is a lot of seaweed in it. The hotel staff do not seem to make great efforts to remove the washed off seaweed from the shore. The huts are huge, and provide ample shade regardless of the time of the day. About the food. There are several restaurants, but I cannot comment on the Mexican and the Market Grill since I heard they were not as good, so have not been to those. There are differently themed restaurants, but one needs to understand that all of them probably share the same one large kitchen as all of the restaurants are positioned against the same one long wall. Bana is the Asian themed place. Actually, it is two restaurants: a regular one and a hibachi. The regular Bana serves decent family sized meals that they place in the middle of the table. The portions are huge. We went there twice, and I could not figure it out why they would serve twice as much food as one can consume. But it is fairly tasty. The hibachi was very entertaining, but the food was bland as it always is at the hibachi. Next is Passion which was supposed to have been their star restaurant. Indeed, it looks grandiose (especially if one remembers where he or she is), and very pompous. The table linens, the setting, the way the waiters were dressed, all were great. We were seated, and the waiter appeared to take our orders. We ordered two dry martinis and a glass of white wine. The waiter said, 鈥淧erfect.鈥?All right, I thought to myself, now the place is going to stand to its promise. Nor much longer after, the same waiter appeared with just two glasses: one martini glass that had dry martini in it, and another glass that had a pinkish looking liquid in it. When I inquired as to the contents, suddenly another waiter appeared, and explained that that that pinkish looking liquid was in fact strawberry flavored fin (on the rocks, must I exclaim.) I took the risk, but then asked about the white wine. Guess what, 鈥淧erfect!鈥?was the answer. Now, I figured the waiter out and was no longer irritated. I think it is really stupid to become irritated with the staff for their inability to understand English, primarily because the place appears to mostly cater to the European Spanish speaking clientele. There are not many English speaking guests, mush less American. The staff appeared to have been trained to understand the items as they appear in the menu. If you dare asking a question about a particular dish, your question is not likely to get an answer you expect. But again, irritation is out of the order. Back to Passion. After the drinks finally arrived, the food came. Without going to greater details, it was the worst dinner we had. The rack of lamb was presented as a whole, i.e. with all the connective tissue one can imagine the poor sheep needed to be apprehensive of I am sure the many forest predators it must have encountered while living its life in New Zealand, where, according to the menu it came from. The fish had to be refused because it was simply raw (as opposed to even rare) and totally unappealing. Presentation was decent, but food was simply bad. Vento was probably the best restaurant with not too sophisticated and rather appealing choices that were easy to eat and look at. The buffet place was very good for both breakfast and lunch with tremendous choices of anything one can desire while remembering the place was not situated on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. Almost daily lobster tails were impressive. They had 鈥渃aviar鈥?too, but do not be fooled, this is not caviar. It may be something that looks something like it, but this is where the similarities end. At best, it was pike roe. At worst, it came from a hedgehog. It appeared to be artificially colored, and I heard it was salty-rubbery. But I cannot be certain as I did not dare trying it. Jokes aside, the place is kept immaculately clean throughout, it feels secure as there are security guards posted on the beach, and inside the sleeping quarters at night. In fact, there was not a single time when I would be inside the building and not encounter any one from the hotel staff. The butler, Victor, was great, always encountarable, but I could not think of what to ask him for except for feather filled pillows on day one. Overall, this was the best all-inclusive I have been to. I think RS is worth extra money upon booking it, but it brings extra niceties with it. It is way more expensive if you want to upgrade upon arriving.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>montebello
<Content>A bit disappointing for the $688 per night!       Spectacular Beach seen during horseback riding excursion  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go Ahead and Go My husband, sister, 12 yr. old daughter (yes, she witnessed many topless and thonged sunbathers) and I stayed in 2 rooms at the Palma Real April 6-13. The dire weather forecast was wrong except for the last 2 days when it did rain all day. It sprinkled one other day for 5 minutes.In one room the maid did seem to barge in frequently but never in the other. The rooms were very nice and the AC worked great. Our towels and fridge were restocked daily. They will bring you ice for the ice bucket if asked.The food was better than at other 5 - 6* hotels in the Carribean I've been to. There were not as many restaurants as advertised, one Asian, one Mediterranean, Passions for adults only and the buffet which served grilled lobster and shrimp all day and was as good as the other restaurants if you wanted to wear shorts to dinner and a lunchtime grill.We only had a language problem one time with one of the waiters and it was quickly remedied by another.The pool and ocean water were the perfect temperature. The beach perfect. The water had a lot of seaweed in the first 6 feet of water and then it was fine. Waiters at the beach more plentiful during late afternoon. If you give the waiters or the bartender a buck, they will be happy to serve you more quickly!The resort is more for relaxation but there are activities to be had every day. A sheet is slipped under the door every 2 mornings telling what is going on and during the day they round up people for beach volleyball, cha cha or salsa lessons, Spanish lessons, painting, flower arranging, etc. The casino is very small and is only open from 9:00 p.m. - 3:00 a.m. There is a nightly performance and earlier in the evening there is usually a musical performer on the plaza where you can sit and relax, have a free drink and look at the stars.The workers were not as friendly as other places I have been to but they tried to do their job with many, many different languages being spoken and are a little slower than our pace but, hey, you're on vacation. It was not a problem at all.2 warnings: Be careful leaving the airport. The beady-eyed luggage inspector lifted $500 out of my purse at the USA 3000 line. We all took turns with a bug. Rumor has it that if you take some Airborne before you go, your immune system stands up better to the changes.Feel free to e-mail any questions at all.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chrizan
<Content>Truly paradise I just got back from a week at Palma Real. The reason I am writing a review is say that I don't understand how anyone could have anything negative to say about this amazing place! My family is well travelled and have high expectations. What a joy to be pleasantly surprised by the level of friendliness, service, and attention to detail we were shown, every inch of the way. We did NOT opt for Royal Service, and that was a good choice. The upgrade is very costly, and we really did not see the need for it. The RS has their own area of the beach, but it is the same beach with the same chairs and huts! There was always a wait person on the beach to take drink orders. We never had a problem getting chairs under a hut.The pool is the most beautiful pool I have ever seen. There are sun beds in the pool and jacuzzis throughout. Everywhere you look is a bar. I joked to my husband that if we were there any longer, I would have become an obese alcoholic! They actually have a scale in the bathroom so you can see how much weight you have gained!The food was phenomenal: caviar, smoked salmon, steak, omelette station, tropical fruit everywhere for breakfast. I was most impressed by the juice and smoothie bar. You could pick whatever fruits or vegetables you wanted to be freshly juiced, or order up a smoothie of your choice. Out of all the restaurants, we liked the buffet ones the best.There was always fresh lobster, shrimp, and scallops being grilled. My husband is a big fan of pasta and was never disappointed. Our son said they were the best hamburgers he ever had!The grounds are too beautiful for words. The architecture and gardens are just amazing.I do not think there is such a thing as a bad room: all have lovely views of the beach or zen gardens.Our room was pristine and clean, spacious and comfortable. The plasma TV kept my husband happy.True, there isn't much nightlife. They desperately need a teen club. Our teenage son was a bit bored. There were lots of teenagers there, but no place for them all to connect.We were happy to have a late dinner, a walk on the beach, and a nightcap in the lobby bar.We will definitely go back. Just remember: there was NO construction, and the staff were incredibly friendly. Truly a paradise!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bigperm22
<Content>5 Star Grounds but 4 Star Service To set the table properly, my wife and I decided on this resort after a few early reviews regarding the place. We travel a couple of times a year and enjoy in order: Grounds, Beaches, Pools, Service, Food and Entertainment. We average 29 years of age and have been to Bahamas, Jamaica, Cancun, Playa Del Carmen, and many other places. I would rate this place a 5 star on its grounds as it exceeds to some of the nicest (and well rated) hotels and resorts we have been to. However, the service is inconsistent so although I want to drop it to a 4 star I can鈥檛 imagine a better resort in the DR鈥?br/>The Resort is 'Grand' to say the least, it is absolutely gorgeous, very modern and just perfect. The restaurants are all very upscale with a focus on presentation. The room (we stayed Royal Service with a King bed and Sofa) is very inviting and upscale. The beach is beautiful, with the sand being perfect but the sea weed overbearing at times.The problems we encountered were directly related to Royal Service. To begin, we arrived late afternoon and were not on the Royal Service list so we had to wait about 45 minutes for a room (not a big deal). I tried to contact the resort to confirm reservations 2 times and I never received a response. Since we paid for Royal Service I expected a butler available for reasonable request. Three out of the six nights we tried to order wine or champagne and it never came, even after multiple calls. This was disappointing 鈥?we finally began to make requests for a bottle of wine at 5pm and still would not receive our request by 7pm each time (if we ever received it). Even with this being stated, I recommend Royal Service just for the cabanas at the beach and pool, in addition to restaurant and areas that you have privileged to. As we noticed that by 8am the cabanas were already taken by the non-Royal Service pool.I hope I am not overstating the disappointment with Royal Service as some staff were eager to please and did whatever they could to make your moment enjoyable. This is separate than 鈥榬oom service鈥?any order made for food was delivered promptly regardless of the time of day.In response to those that wander if the hotel will be able to function at full capacity, well here is the review: the resort was booked for 3 of the 7 days we stayed and we never had to make reservations at any restaurant. We were sat immediately at our arrival and neither the restaurants nor the pool/beach area were crowded. All in all, this is a magnificent place with 5 Star Grounds if/when they truly get the service together it will be amazing destination for anyone lucky enough to go.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not quite there yet.... We stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real from 04/09/06 - 04/13/06.We arrived around 3pm and was escorted to the Royal Service check-in. The check-in experience was nice. We were provided cool, damp cloths and mimosa's during the process. We were told about the facilities, the restraunts and the availability of 6 full-time butlers that were available for Royal Service guests. We had initially reserved an ocean-front room, but were told that there were none available. We were given a partial oceanview room....more on that later...Once we were checked in, a butler gave us a tour of the facility and brought our bags to our room. The room was very nice. Quite large with a king bed, plenty of drawers, a reasonably sized closet containing a safe, iron and ironing board. The bathroom was nice with a jacuzzi tub for two and a large shower with 6 showerheads (the best i've had!). The room also had a sitting area with a couch (which folded out to a bed) and a couple of chairs. There was also a small dinette. The balcony was a bit small, but held 2 chairs and a small table. There was a fridge containing beer, soda and water and also 3 bottles of liqour (scotch, vodka and rum).We walked onto the balcony and we had to squint to see the ocean. This is *not* what we reserved! We called the royal service area and were promised an ocean-front room for the rest of our stay and that one would be available at 4pm the following day.We basically hung out at the resort that day, walking around checking everything out. We chose the Bana restraunt. We both had martini's at the bar prior to dinner. I ordered some sushi (which was quite good) and were seated within 20 minutes at one of the tepanyaki tables (hibachi).The food was quite good. We started with miso soup followed by shrimp and lobster, followed by chicken, beef and rice. After dinner, we went to the chill-out lounge, had a drink and relaxed.When we returned to our room, I called for 2 feather pillows from the provided pillow menu, which had everything from orothopedic to feather to aromatherapy pillows. 30 minutes later, no pillows. I called again and was promised they would be right there...30 minutes later....no pillows...I was a little upset as we did pay for royal service. I never had any problem at any other hotel that I have been in when requesting extra pillows, but with royal service which is described by the hotel as Our highest level of personalized attention and indulgent amenities provide an added dimension of luxury and convenience to the Palma Real experience.....I had to wonder.....I ended up giving up.The next morning, my wife was very groggy and needed coffee. There was a coffee maker in the room, but no cream or milk in the fridge (not even the fake stuff). I called room service and was told it would be 45 minutes for coffee. Again, this is royal service?! I told them to forget it, but it came (35 minutes later) anyway.We spent the day at the beach which was very nice, except they only had one person providing drinks (the same person was also providing books, magazines, towels..etc. to guests entering the royal service beach area!) Needless to say, I pretty much got our own beverages. We returned to our room around 4:30. We had lunch at the buffet which was reasonably good...Just like any other buffet, some stuff was good, some really good and some horrible. The cold lobster tail was awesome! We walked back to the room and were horrified at the fact that the room was not made up! Housekeeping had not yet cleaned it!!We called royal service and asked about our room change. They advised that the room was not yet ready. At 6pm, I called again and was told the butler was going to come get us. 20 minutes later, there was a knock at the door. It was the butler, but he told us I know you are changing rooms, I will be back in 20 minutes for your luggage. Almost an hour and a half later, the butler returned. It was now after 8pm and we still had our bathing suits on...couldn't shower as there were no clean towels!We were brought to our new room, which was the same room, but directly on the ocean (what it was supposed to be in the 1st place). We showered and went to dinner at Bana again, this time choosing the asian fusion restraunt. We were outside the hostess stand along with another couple. The hostess came out and said there was one table for four and asked if we minded sitting together. I didn't mind as cruising is usually our vacation of choice and sitting with strangers is the norm.HOWEVER, as it turns out, this restraunt serves food family style and didn't even provide serving pieces so needless to say, after the 1st course when everyone's utensils were clean my wife and I walked out as we didn't care to literally share food with strangers. To top it off, there were plenty of empty tables around!We immediately went to the royal service office and demanded to speak to management. We spoke to an assistant manager who was very nice and apologetic about everything that had taken place and could not believe what had just taken place in the restraunt. She promised us a meeting with the general royal service manager at 10AM the following day.We had some drinks, went to the casino for a bit and returned to our room. In our room was a card from the royal service manager (Christelle) apologizing for the check-in issue. There was an aromatherapy bath drawn for us along with lit candles and flower petals. It was very nice.The next day was just one thing after another. Our meeting with management never took place (manager was in a meeting with the president...we asked to join them but they wouldn't allow it). No butlers in sight, no service at the beach...etc...etc. We ate dinner at Venti which was quite good.Christelle promised us a special day on our last day and it was! We awoke to breakfast in bed, fresh flowers in the room and a duo-massage at the spa. Also, full access to the water ritual in the spa for the entire day which worked out quite well as it rained the entire day! We spent the day between that and our room, but again...no butlers ever checked in on us.Christelle suprised us with a special table in passions restraunt with rose petals strewn on the table and a bottle of champagne. After dinner we returned to our room and found another aromatherapy bath and candles.....there were also flower petals leading from the door to the bed and there must have been 1000 rose petals that surrounded our bed! Very nice!To surmise:Food: Restraunts are VERY good with very good service and very nice food preperation. Buffet is so-so.Service: Other than the restraunts, it was 2-star at best. Given the fact that we paid for royal service, we received practically no benefit of this service and in fact received service poorer than most hotels. The hotel staff simply is unable to provide the level of service promised in the royal service plan. (----). Yes, Christelle did a lot of nice things for us, but had we been provided with the level of service expected (and paid for), we probably wouldn't have even met Christelle!Location: The hotel and grounds are absolutely beautiful! At night it there are candles and soft lights and music everywhere. It is very romantic!! It really is a shame that the hotel cannot provide the quality of service to match the surroundings!Hopefully they will hire more staff and provided better training and supervision in the future....Pictures can be seen at: ----  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>beachgirlNJ
<Content>The most relaxing vacation I wasn't going to write a review but reading some of the negative reviews made me want to share my point of view. Originally I made reservations at the Melia but after reading some reviews I got nervious and decided to spend the extra money on the Paradisus. I'm glad I did. The beach at the Melia was packed with people and chairs everywhere. I prefer a quiet beach, if possible.I arrived on March 17th, when my taxi dropped us off we were asked if our name was on this list, and it was. The list had the names of the Royal Service Guests. We were promptly let into the Royal Service's Room where we were given cold towels for our hands and face and a cocktail. Once checked in we were given a tour by our butler. We then checked in to our room where we had a lovely fruit basket and bottle of champange. If you don't eat the fruit or drink the champagne in 2 days, they take it away.Our first night we had dinner at Passions. The food was very good, my only complaint was that the supervisor kept coming over to our table and talking to us. He really didn't give us any time alone. I think he thought he was doing us a favor because we are 2 women.The beaches are the most beautiful beaches that I have seen. I have been to many different islands and to DR 2 other times and the beach at Punta Cana is like none other. The sand is so fine that it feels like baby powder between your toes. Being in the Royal Services we had a special part on the beach, no children allowed. Each day our area was made up for us, Bali Beds and towels under a hut. The service was terrific. I knew I was in paradise. Every day was in the high 80's and no rain. I could not have asked for better weather.I was pleasantly surprised at the food. I'm not a picky eater but coming from the NY/NJ area where food is usually terrific, I thought the food was good and don't have any complaints.There is not much nightlife. They have a casino but usually it was empty. Every night they had a guitar player singing out on the plaza. That was very enjoyable to sit on a lounge chair and look up at the stars while listening to the music.I found many employees of this resort did speak english, some better then others. Always at the restaurants we had waiters that spoke English very well. The only complaint that I would have is that the bathroom was not completely closed off from the bedroom. I prefer privacy when I am in the bathroom.As far as the butler service, if you are on the beach all day long, which is what I did everyday, then you don't see the butlers very often.Also, if you like to workout at the gym, you need to arrive at before 8am to get on a treadmill. As the resort gets more customers I can see this becoming an issues.All in all this vacation was very relaxing which was what we were looking for. If you like activies there are many water sports available to you. The pool was the biggest pool that I have ever seen, it just goes on and on. I prefer the beach to the pool. I heard no construction during my visit.I am already planning on going back next year.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful atmosphere with some customer service and construction problems We visited Paradisius (Royal Service) from March 24-31 and cut our trip short by two days, mainly due to a combination of construction at the hotel and customer service concerns. We have visited three of the five star hotels in the Caribbean, which are the basis for my comparisons. The hotel is beautiful, but they happened to be replacing their sidewalks-the hammering was incessant and relentless throughout the day. Because it was raining over half the time during our trip, we found the hammering to be intolerable on the fourth consecutive day. We spoke to Royal Service staff about this, but all they ever said was, Yes, we know, it will be over tomorrow-and then it would go on another day.Keep in mind that this resort opened only two months ago-so the staff is new and seems pretty inexperienced. I witnessed several yelling matches between unhappy customers and staff members who didn't seem to have the skills to offer much resolution. I think that what this boiled down to was a new staff who was more focused on policy than customer service, resulting in inflexibility and unhappy customers. Be sure to take your Spanish translation handbook if you are not bilingual. Although the hotel website claims that the staff is bilingual, there are probably only 3-4 individuals who speak much English at all. We had a hard time asking for anything due to the language barrier. We found that we couldn't get waited on at one of the restaurants (Passion) because the waiter didn't speak English and decided to ignore us completely.Also be aware that tips are not included in the all inclusive claim. The staff will tell you that the tips are not necessary, although many of the individuals live off of gratuity. Of course, knowing this we chose to tip frequently and generously, but we did notice that those who tipped the most got the best service, and those who didn't seemed to get ignored by the royal service beach staff. When we decided to leave early, my husband spoke with Royal Service staff to let them know that we would be leaving early and would need to check out. We are not your usual complainers, but the construction conditions weren't tolerable any longer. The manager (Natalya) spoke with my husband, promised to send a bellman to our room at 12 noon, and then scheduled a meeting with us prior to our departure to get our contact information. No bellman showed up, and we had to call Royal Service twice at 12:30pm to get a bellman. At 12:45pm, Royal service called to ask us if we needed a bellman! The manager (Natalya) stood us up and didn't bother to return the staff's phone calls. We were also surprised that the Royal Service staff was rude to us when we checked out and actually seemed irritated with us??!! We hadn't been any trouble to them and checked out quietly, with the exception of my husband's meeting with the manager, which happened only at HER request.We hated to leave with such a bad flavor about this place, but the above example seemed to be a metaphor for most of our experience with the staff. We had to continuously follow up with the staff after any request (breakfast menu was not even picked up everyday, we were told internet was out at the hotel and were later told that it was available the whole time in the lobby, housekeeping barged in without knocking while the maid stood there and barked at us that she would not come back later, etc. etc. etc). I think that if you are aware of these issues before your trip, it would be helpful-definitely call to confirm that there WILL BE NO CONSTRUCTION GOING ON!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>6006
<Content>It was beautiful and will get better with each year My family and I traveled from Toronto to spend a week at the Palm Real against our better judgment as last year's vacation at the Melia Tropical next door was a horrifying experience. We loved the beach/weather/water so much last year that that was our driver to return to a different hotel. We also waited too long and other destination were sold out.We made the decision to go for gusto with the Royal Service with 2 rooms and we were very glad we did. Once we finally figured out where to find the Royal Service check in things began to improve tremendously thanks to Monica. She was so wonderful and went out of her way to find the rooms that would accommodate my husband and our 2 children 14/10. She found us a beautiful ocean view and on the same floor, a garden view for the other ( which wasn't a big deal anyway).We brought walki talkies with us to make communicating with the kids always a breeze. (highly recommended)A butler was assigned to us and gave us a guided tour of the resort and who was suppose to be there for our every request, however, it was tough to find him to do anything and we struggled with things like pillows, stalking refrigerators and other requests. For some reason, a new butler, Victor gravitated to us and our vacation began to take the shape that we were hoping for. He was unbelievably attentive and couldn't do enough to please all of us. He tracked us down several times a day to see if there was anything at all we needed and it was difficult to get him to except tips for his work. We can't say enough about Victor and how he is the reason we have such fond memories of our trip.The restaurants were great with a few that stood out more than others, Vento was our favorite which was only available to Royal Service customers. Great food and staff that really had your best interest at heart.My husband and I played 3 full rounds of gulf and had no problems what so ever(except with our golf skills). My husband contacted the course directly and pre-booked the rounds which by the other reviews, is highly recommended. The shortcomings fell around the activities for our kids. They really had to entertain themselves as there was very little provided by the hotel. The focus is definitely relaxation centered around adults.We did go snorkeling(which was great  free) however, it was so windy when we were there that most of the days of boating activities were canceled. This was not our experience last year so I think it was unusual.In closing, the property is beautiful and will only get better as it matures. The staff as a majority were very pleasant and accommodating and did their best as they struggled with English. Food was great and was above average with lots to choose from. In general, Royal Service was the way to go without a doubt.Last words of advice, treat them well and with kindness and you will receive the same in return.Safe travels.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mb24335
<Content>Think they opened too early OK, sitting here on my last day at the Paradisus and thought I鈥檇 write a review while it was still fresh.The hotel is about 40 minutes from the airport and one of the first hotels on the long Bavaro hotel strip. As has been noted, the hotel was just opened in Dec 05 and the greenery on the grounds is still a work in progress.From the lobby, you have a direct view of the ocean and central square which contains a 鈥渮en garden鈥? fountains and the entrances to most of the restaurants, the casino and theater.For some reason, check in takes longer than seems necessary -- you just need to fill in a guest info card and have an id printed out, but this takes 20 or 30 minutes? This will be one of your first 鈥渋sland time鈥?type experiences while staying here.The rooms (and hotel itself) are very nice -- spacious with flat screen TV (even if there are only 3 english channels -- all that flat panel for CNN!) :). I鈥檇 describe the decor as Bali-esque with lots of wood, clean lines, browns and tans. Overall, the decor gets an A. Also, the rooms do have wired high-speed internet and if you sit in just the right spots in the lobby, there is wireless.Now, on to why you鈥檙e paying $500 a night: the service. This really is where the property beings to fall down. I got the impression that it was opened on the quick with whatever staff they could muster rather than hire and train a full contingent. You get anywhere from Que? on a simple query to the most helpful staff persons ever. It鈥檚 very random and not in any way connected to functions -- the front desk staff was puzzled at fairly simple requests, the 鈥淪ushi鈥?restaurant did not seem to grasp the concept that 鈥淪ushi鈥?was not vegetable rolls but the waitress at the breakfast buffet was so helpful and cheery -- she would have been a great concierge!A little more about service as it relates to food and beverage. Overall, don鈥檛 expect the staff to come to you very often. I felt that I needed to practically shoot up flares to get a drink and MANY times, the hostess seemed to make it a point NOT to look around for anyone trying to flag her. That being said, if you went to the bar yourself, there was never an issue of getting a cheery bartender right away. This was true whether you were in the lobby bar, the lounge or at the pool.The food was fine, nothing spectacular, but fine. Actually, I found the casual 鈥淢arket Grill鈥?to outshine the 鈥渇ancy鈥?restaurants (Market Grill had grilled lobster and salmon every night). The fancier restaurants are clearly lacking for high-end kitchen staff. The physical space easily outshone the food. Also, as I had mentioned above -- come on -- if you鈥檙e going to have an actual Sushi restaurant you really should know what Sushi and Sashimi are. I mean you just can鈥檛 fake it!Now, on to nightlife... Punta Cana in general does not seem like the place to come for any really exciting nightlife and the Paradisus certainly lives up to that standard. The Casino: tragic. Lit up like a Bingo Hall with some card tables and a few token slot machines. The 鈥渃hill-out鈥?lounge is beautiful but completely empty.. literally there were two people in this gorgeous space. The poor bartender looked like an unhappy panda bear in a zoo habitat. This may be the first vacation ever that I was in bed by 10 or 11 every night. On the other hand, this may be the first vacation that I actually partook in 9 am activities or arrived at breakfast before it closed!The beach and pools.. the pools are beautiful although I did miss a pool with depth (unless I missed one, they were all neck deep through and through). The lounge chairs submerged in the water were quite nice too. As far as the beach went, as I think someone else had mentioned, there was a LOT of sea-grass (or kelp or something) washing ashore and in the water. I did not go in past ankle deep although the bath-water temperature of the water really made me want to.Just some final thoughts, first this is not the place to go if you鈥檙e single or a couple who wants lot鈥檚 of social interaction (unless beach aerobercise counts). Also, if you appreciate raw efficiency and seamlessness, I think you probably should wait until they get a bit more experience under their belts. If you鈥檙e coming with enough people to make your own fun (the whole place seems 25% full at most) or are a jealous couple -- this is the place for you! :)One more note. If you have friends at another one of the resorts, the Paradisus (unlike the others) have not set up a 鈥渄ay pass鈥? I wanted to have friends meet me here, walk through the lobby to the beach and go parasailing. No can do at Paradisus unless I paid $450 per person! I had to go to their resort (also an all-inclusive) and pay the much more reasonable $40 for the same privilege.I鈥檇 give this 3 stars -- but that鈥檚 based 99% on execution and staff (mostly lack of training and not the staff themselves), the physical space gets 4 1/2 stars. Happy travels!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Vacation Just returned from a one week stay at the Paradisus Palma Real and cannot say enough such a truly wonderful resort.This was our 7th trip to the Caribbean and have stayed at many other five star resorts in St. Lucia, Mexico, Cuba and the Bahamas and this was head and shoulders above the rest.1. Hotel and Rooms - The decor of the hotel is beautiful and the rooms are spectacular. Extremely clean. Loved the 2 person jacuzzi tub and the plasma television.2. Service - Top notch. Never had any issue with service. Our requests and questions were met immediately. Everyone from the front desk to the towel guys was extremely friendly. We used the room service several times for breakfast and it was always served promptly. On our last night our plane was delayed significantly, we were supposed to leave the hotel at 7 pm for 10 pm flight, but found out from our travel agency after we had checked our that the flight was delayed until 3 am and we would be picked up from the hotel at 11:20 pm. As we were hanging out in the lobby deciding how to kill the time (not hard with all the great restaurants and bars), one of the hotel managers came up to us on his own and offered us a complimentary room until it was time to go. We decided just to continue hang out and didn't take him up on the offer but I was really impressed that he was so thoughtful, especially since we were travelling with 2 small children.3. Food - We loved the food. A large amount of choice in the buffet for breakfast. Ate in all the restaurants. Our favourite was Bana (asian fusion), but it was always a dilemma since they served grilled lobster every night at the Market Grill. Only one complaint was that the so-called 'sushi' bar only served sushi with cooked fish (or vegetarian)! Maybe its for health reasons.4. Beach - Specatular. Fine white powder and clear blue sea, but there is quite a bit of seaweed in the middle section of the beach. Very large stretch with lots of nice chairs and huts. We noticed other resorts in the area were much more crowded with really loud annoying music. We loved the very modern hip music played throughout the resort.I don't know what else I can say. We had a great time. We made use of many of the services (like scuba diving) and never had any issues. We are already trying to plan our next trip back.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too new to be great Let me begin by saying this place boasts one of the most beautiful interior and exterior spaces available for All-inclusive resorts in the DR, hands down. However, be warned, the staff needs years to live up to its promises. I will provide specific examples of what to be keenly aware of before booking your vacation here: 1) Saftey. although we felt physically safe, several items ($100 cash, largest of value) were stolen from our group's hotel rooms. Several staff memembers barged into the room while I was dressing to perform maintenance without apologizing for their intrusion. The universal key to Rooms seemed to be rampant throughout the hotel, and many rooms were left wide open to passerbys as the staff cleaned multiple rooms at a time. The staff places no value on the safety of your goods in your room, and if not in a vault, a high end good will be stolen. Many staff members roam the halls for seemingly no reason. Safety at this resort is trully poor.2) Food. If you eat fish or enjoy fish as the primary part of your diet, I would think again about making this a culinary vacation. The fish at this resort is poorly prepared and limited as a choice. If you are a vegetarian, many of the restaraunts do not offer much for you to eat. Meat eaters will delight in the cuisine.3) Service. The service at the resort and at the Cocotal Golf course were abominable. English comprehension is poor, and the staff's willingness to meet guests requests is very poor. When service is poor, value inherently goes south. The value per service of this hotel is low. Unfortunately, the poor service of this resort pulls it's value down so much that I would not recommend this spot for a vacation unless you are willing to pay well over what you would pay at comparable high-end resorts for a better experience.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 star resort at this time My wife and I just got back from Paradisus Palma Real after 5 nights. We have been to 3 other 5 star all inclusive resorts in the last 6 years. We have stayed in the countries of Jamaica, Aruba,  Mexico. We are both around 40.This was our 1st trip to the Dominican Republic. The island is very similar to Mexico and Jamaica. The weather was perfect the entire stay.Airport: The airport @ Punta Cana is very simple to get through when you arrive. The only issue you may have is trying to figure out what hut to go into. There is a $10 US/person 鈥淰isitor pass鈥?that must be purchased when you go though the immigration line. Getting your luggage and onto your transportation was the easiest of any of the Countries we鈥檝e been to.Ride to Resort: The ride was typical of many of the Caribbean Countries. The roads are narrow and slow moving. On our departure a moped rider was hit in front of us by a bus. The biggest thing that all of the couples in our van noticed is the poverty wasn鈥檛 as much as in Jamaica or Mexico. This could be due to the route the driver took. The ride to the resort is less than 30 minutes.Resort: The resort is billed as a 5 star resort. Upon arrival it looks beautiful and new. The entrance way has a view over the courtyard, pool, and onto the sea. At arrival our room was not ready. They asked us to give them 30 minutes to finish our rooms. It was around 2:45. We went to the buffet line to get something to eat. The food was just okay. Not near as good as any of the other resorts we鈥檝e been to. (More on food later). We weren鈥檛 given much information on tours, amenities, or anything of the nature. They rely on the transportation company to tell you of the tours. You must go to the activity hut near the pool to find out about options available to you. (snorkeling, parasailing, kayaks, etc鈥?.Room: We were able to go to our room when we returned from 鈥渓unch鈥? The room we had was very nice. We had a two person Jacuzzi, separate shower, king size bed, couch, two chairs with a small round table, hair dryer, ironing board, flat screen TV with cable/satellite. They have HBO, Cinemax, ESPN, ESPN@2, CNN, TNN, TNT, Encore, Cartoon Network,  a few other English speaking stations.Issues we found with the room were very few. The biggest issue is when you take a shower, the floor gets soaked even with a step out mat. The shower doors need a weather stripping to keep the water in the shower. One of the mornings we were there the resort lost power around 7:00 am. The rooms get very warm very fast. The power was off for approximately 2 hours. Pools: There are two pools that most guests can use. The main pool is very nice and big. It has built in chairs in the water. The single chairs keep most of you out of the water and in the sun. The larger chairs are designed for two and you have to keep your feet elevated to get sun on them. Expect to get up at the crack of dawn to get a covered gazebo around the pool. There we plenty of open chairs and a few huts covering chairs throughout the day. Most of the wind is blocked by the huts on the beach. For the resort only being a couple of months old the pool had a few issues. The issues we found were the hand rails for getting in and out of the pool are very flimsy. When the wind blew, they would move. After a few months this will probably be a big safety issue. The pool already has too much mold and mildew. All of the other resorts we鈥檝e been to have never had this problem. One individual was injured during the 2nd day we were there. Guest at the resort tried to give her medical attention while the life guard was never called to the scene. Guests asked the bartender for ice and a towel. He continued making drinks and after 5 minutes decided to get the ice. The woman had injured her head and was dizzy and cold. The following day we noticed she had a bandage on her face and nose.Beach: The beach is big and beautiful. The water is different shades of blue and green. Getting chairs or covered huts with chairs was very easy. The sea breeze is great. The seaweed is plentiful in front of the resort. It is only cleaned up at night. Waitresses came around only rarely. There was only one waitress for the beach and two for the pool. If you are on the Northern part of the resort by the restaurants, don鈥檛 expect waitresses. We would stay on the Southern part of the beach for approximately 4 hours and only get served twice. The beach is great for walking. It goes for miles in either direction. If you go in either direction the water is clearer and has quite a bit less seaweed in large areas. There is every imaginable type of water toy available for rent.Parents be Warned: This resort had many guests who are topless and wearing thong. The beach had approximately 25% of the people walking by topless or wearing thong bathing suits. This is common in a lot of other countries and very common at most of the resorts we鈥檝e been to. It didn鈥檛 bother us, but some of the families and older couples were having issues with this. One disturbing item we noticed were young girls either topless or nude at other resorts along the beach. We estimated the ages between 6 鈥?10.Food: The food was the worst of any of the other all inclusive resorts we鈥檝e been to. The morning buffet was average. You have one restaurant/buffet to use. At lunch you either have a buffet line or the grill. The buffet was good one of the 5 days we ate there. The menu changes slightly each day. The last lunch we had at the buffet was good. The buffet had prime rib and shrimp kabobs. The turkey and hamburgers were overcooked. The Grill offers hamburgers, hotdogs, chicken, etc. This is where we ate most of our lunches. The food was overcooked 50% of the time. This was due to the food being left on the grill after it was done. The hamburgers were placed in a warmer where they sat in grease until you were ready to eat. The chicken kabobs were consistently very good.Dinner was a time where you were required to dress up or eat at the Mexican Buffet or the Grill. The 1st night we tried the Japanese Steakhouse. You don鈥檛 have a choice of what you get. You get soup, noodles with shrimp and vegetables, fried rice, and beef and chicken. Most of the guests were shocked to see how much of the soy sauce, salt,  pepper the chef used. I enjoyed the noodles, soup, and steak. My wife enjoyed the soup and steak but my wife is allergic to shellfish and not able to enjoy the noodles. The chicken was extremely dried out. The next night we ate at the Mediterranean restaurant. We both had salads, soup, and the steak. The salads were okay. The soup had good flavor. The steak was not good. The seasoning they used gave the meat a 鈥渨ild gamey taste鈥? I didn鈥檛 eat but half of the steak. We decided to look at the Grill and found lobster, shrimp, scallops, steaks, pork chops, chicken, etc. The next night we ate at the grill. The food was great. The seafood was extremely good. The steak and beef kabobs were perfectly cooked. The next night we decided to go back after talking with other guests who had tried all of the restaurants and didn鈥檛 find a great meal. The food was okay this time. They had lobster and shrimp available which was good. The chicken and beef were overcooked. The last night we decided to try it again. The seafood was still good but the beef and chicken were extremely dried out to the point you couldn鈥檛 eat it. The main point is the food quality/taste is hit or miss. This is something that needs immediate fixing to obtain a 5 star status. Casino: The casino had only a few guests at any time we passed it. Disco: The disco had only a few guests.Shows: We didn鈥檛 attend any. We tried to go to the Dominican Night show but the peddlers wouldn鈥檛 leave you alone. We got frustrated and left before the show.Bars: All of the bars were very good. The bartenders poured the drinks to your liking. If you ordered something they had never heard of, they would ask you what it had in it. If you ordered certain liquors together, they would ask you what the drink was called. This is where you got the best service and friendliest staff.Staff: Overall very friendly and willing to answer questions or help you out. Our room was always cleaned and ready for us.Guests: There are people from all over the world here. There were a couple of dozen families with kids ranging from infant to teenagers. The resort was not crowded by any means. You could easily get a table for dinner, lunch or breakfast. This was at all times of the day. Overall I would rate this as a 3 star to low 4 stars resort. Certain aspects of the resort are 5 stars, but too many are not. The beach needs to be cleaned more frequently, food quality needs to improve greatly, pool needs to be cleaned and safety items fixed. The resort was probably at 20% occupancy and still it was hard to get a drink on the beach. (the waitresses around the pool did a great job). The wait staff for the beach must do a better job. Final Thoughts: If you want a 5 star resort, don鈥檛 pick this one. Go to one of the other resorts or go to one of the other islands. People say you don鈥檛 go to an all inclusive for the food. I鈥檓 sorry to say that everyone likes to eat good food. If I鈥檓 paying for fast food I expect fast food. If I鈥檓 paying for good food, I expect good food consistently. The money you pay to go includes food, booze, room, amenities, and entertainment. For the money, we鈥檒l go back to Mexico, Jamaica, Aruba, or try something different.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definitely return! I just returned from a 5 day stay (Mar 16-20) at the Paradisus Palma Real with my family and my fianc茅e. After traveling to many different islands in the Caribbean and staying at various hotels, I would have to say the Paradisus is the most beautiful hotel I have been to. Beach: The beach is clean and the seaweed is not that big of a problem. You can lay on the regular lounge chairs, or ask for the 鈥渂eds鈥?that they have on the beach. If you do not want to be directly in the sun, you can lay under the huts on the beach. Pools: There are a few different pools and they are not as cold as others have complained about. There are Jacuzzis within the pools, but they are the same temperature as the pool water. If you want a hot Jacuzzi, you can visit an area under a hut that has 4 different warm/hot Jacuzzis, but it is not directly in the sun. Restaurants: There are a variety of restaurants you can choose from. Asian, Italian, Mexican, a buffet and an outdoor grill were the ones that I tried. The food is not 5-star quality, but it is not awful either. There is something for everyone with the variety of restaurants offered. Ambiance: This hotel had the most gorgeous ambiance I have ever seen. Since it is a brand new hotel, everything is clean and modern looking. The d茅cor is absolutely stunning, and when everything is lit up at night, you will fall even more in love with the hotel. Rooms: Our room was gorgeous and very large. The bathroom is large and it is true that there is not much privacy between the room and the bathroom, so keep note of that. Each room has a plasma tv (which my fianc茅e enjoyed) and a sitting area with a sofa, 2 chairs and a small table with 2 chairs. The balcony was average size for a hotel balcony. Nightlife: If you are looking for a great nightlife, then this is not the resort for you. There is a small casino and a lounge/bar (Onyx), but both places were basically empty every night. Onyx is very nice, and I鈥檓 sure over time it will become busier once more people find out about this hotel. Royal service: My family opted for the Royal Service, but at this point in time, I would have to say it was not necessary. Since the hotel is still very new, it is not operating at maximum capacity and there is not a huge crowd at the hotel yet. The royal service would come in handy if the hotel was more crowded and you needed dinner reservations right away, or a spot on the beach or at the pool. I鈥檇 say in about a year the hotel will become more crowded 鈥?once the secret of this wonderful hotel gets out! Weather: We had perfect weather for the 5 days we were there 鈥?85 degrees and sunny with a slight breeze. The nights were cooler, but not cool enough to wear a jacket. The weather report online was completely inaccurate. It had said 5 days of rain/thunderstorms, and I was very concerned about this. Once we arrived, I was relieved to see how wrong the forecast was! After vacationing at many different islands, I have to say the Dominican people/staff are the nicest and friendliest that I have come across. They are willing to help out with anything (although they move a little slower than what most Americans are used to). They always have a smile on their face, and never seem annoyed by any of your requests. If you are looking for a relaxing vacation this is the place to go! If you are looking for somewhere that does not have crowded beaches/pools, this is the place to go right now since not many people know about it! It was great to have your own space on the beach or at the pool without having your lounge chairs on top of other people. I highly recommend this resort. I give it 5 stars and would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlwaysGrande
<Content>Words Alone Are Not Enough       Hotel Pool  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler73
<Content>A True Gem First a bit about us as I think this is important when reading reviews by people: I am 32 and my mother 68 years old. We are Swedish but have lived in the US for 18 years. I now live in Sweden while my Mom lives on Hilton Head, South Carolina. When I travel (which I do for pleasure ca. 3-5 times per year now that I work in Europe where we get 6 weeks vacation) I generally stay at boutique hotels such as the W, Inter-Continental, Westin or Sheraton Hotels. In the Dominican I have stayed at Secrets Excellence and in Jamaice Grand Lido Negril and Braco.So, back to Paradisus Palma Real. It is incredible! The architecture and set-up reminds me of a resort version of W hotels or something Ian Schrager might conjure up. The clientele was when I was there ca. 70% European and 30% American. There was also a medical corp conference there the week we visited. All generations were represented and I saw few tattooed, beer guzzling charter trip people that I thought was dominant at Secrets Excellence in 2003. The food was very good and the service was SIGNIFICANTLY better than any all-inclusive or 5-star resort I have been to in the Middle East. No reservations were necessary, which was nice. The pool was fabulous, and the resort was just the right size. Not too big and not too small. The beach was not the most beautiful I've expreienced due to the sea grass that washes up, but it was nice and tidy otherwise. A caveat here is that I think I am spoiled in terms of beaches after a trip to Thailand in 2003.I honestly can't think of any negatives at this resort. If I had to search for it would be that it was expensive to use the internet (4 dollars for 15 minutes). And, I would go back here which is a rarity for me. Best of luck everyone and you are more than welcome to email me if you have any questions! My email: svenska73@hotmail.com  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>amy1014
<Content>would return We just returned from our stay at the Paradisus Palma Real from March 8-15. The resort was gorgeous and even more so at night! We loved the decor....very modern-chic and it was very clean. The food was above average and by the time we left 2 more restaraunts had opened....totalling 6 out of 8 to be opened. The fish tended to be a little on the well side at times. The fresh fruit was always plentiful and oh so delicious!! The pools were just amazing, a little on the cooler side although the smaller pool near the Market Grill was a bit warmer. Loved laying on the in-pool lounges! Brought our 31/2 yr. old daughter and she enjoyed some time in the Kid's Club (although when we arrived realized that the ages were from 5-12 yrs.old). We had mentioned that on line it had stated 3 yrs. and she had only gone a couple of times so I don't think that it was a big deal. They offer babysitting as well...did not have to use this service. Did not get a chance to go on any excursions or do any activities as we were very happy just being by the pool or laying on the beach! But they do offer a bunch of free activities to join in(snorkeling excursion, horseback riding, dance lessons,yoga). The spa's water experience is awesome! There are 3-4 small jacuzzi/warm water pools, showers, steam room, sauna(very hot!) and it's all under a hut overlooking the pool. Awesome view!! The nightly performances were fun. My daughter especially liked them...but she is the type to sit through any kind of stage performance with high energy! (not necessarilly geared toward children). If I had to include some of the suggestions for the resort it would be....more elevators, more English speaking staff, a few kid friendly items on the menus, and need maps of resort and menus of all of the restaurants in the rooms upon arrival. We did take the opportunity as well to get some info. on the time sharing they offer....not too painful and we did leave with a $50 gift cert. to be used at the resort! The resort just opened Dec. '05 and I bet in another year they will have it down pat! It was a gorgeous resort....truly 5 star...staff was very friendly and they love talking with the kids! This is a laid back, relaxing resort with activities offered if you choose to do so or like us just lay and bask in the beautiful sun! I will recommend taking the opportunity to have a photography session (free sitting fee) that is offered. We ended up with some great pictures on the beach to take back home of our wonderful vacation to the Paradisus Palma Real!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FoodieGal
<Content>I'm very happy at both Paradisus Resorts       Pool Bartender  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ehf5
<Content>Great place to relax Know what you're looking for in your vacation before you book a trip to the Paradisus. My husband and I had a fabulous time--we needed rest and relaxation with a minimum of stress, and that's what we got. We took the complimentary pilates/yoga/meditation classes every day and went to the spa for massages and a facial (which were EXCELLENT and reasonably priced, if not necessarily a great deal). Primarily, the decor of the resort is understated luxury: the colors are primarily cremes and tans with muted oranges and reds as accents, fountains dominate the approach from the lobby to the pool, and faux-marble effects abound. In an attempt to find a bank, I actually walked over to the Sol Melia Caribe Tropical (which is next along the beach). Their effect is more lush tropical, with a lot of trained vines, low thatch, wooden benches, etc. The other major difference between the two resorts seems to be the size--the Paradisus Palma Real feels more like a very large hotel, with the restaurants all in a line along the spacious courtyard that extends from the lobby to the beach. The Caribe Tropical (is this two places? one? they had two lobbies, but appeared connected--I walked freely between them), on the other hand, had a 15 minute walk from the beach to the lobby.As for service, again you should know what you need as a traveler. The staff at the Paradisus (with almost no exceptions) were friendly, patient, and earnest. They did not seem to expect tips, although they accepted them graciously. Still, their English is not 100%, especially if you are ordering with special instructions or are posing a question to someone other than the concierge or receptionist. Remember--you're in a foreign country! If you are speaking about relevant topics, the staff is just fine. Slow down, smile, use your manners, and you'll get along just fine. If, however, you know you need extra service, perhaps you should try a different resort.My husband and I did have many of the same problems booking tee times as other guests have mentioned. The concierge can only book times for the next day, but by then there will not be any available for the morning. The shuttle comes regularly (if not exactly on schedule) and take only 5 minutes to get to Cocotal. I highly recommend booking tee times ahead, before you arrive, or just heading over to the course on your first day--they'll let you book tee times for later in the week. We weren't interested in other activities, so again this resort worked out just fine for us.Finally, the resort is not operating at full capacity, which means it was very easy to find pool chairs, no matter when we headed out, or to walk into dinner without reservations, etc. We liked the quiet!If you are looking for a beautiful spot to relax, this place is great. If you are looking for tourism or adventure, you might want to try a different location.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Francazai
<Content>A Beautiful Resort, still new, but great!       The room  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beach a disappointment The hotel architecture is spectacular beginning with a fabulous foyer of shining marble, soaring ceilings, and huge staircase that descends to a stately piazza, that in turn frames a view of the beach and ocean less than 200 feet away. The setting is even more stunning at night as the marble pillars in the piazza light up from within. Our room was also gorgeous-spacious, nice decor, lovely bathroom with huge tub, plasma TV.We thought the food was good. The buffet items were refreshed frequently, beef served was always tenderloin and delicious, shrimp were usually on the grill and succulent, fruit was ripe and plentiful, (delicious passion fruit always available), sparse salad greens but arugula appeared occasionally.I especially enjoyed the yoga/pilates/Tai Chi program. Wonderful teacher combining technique with inner calm.But my biggest disappointment was that there was so much seaweed underfoot in the water and suspended in the sea. Only when I took a catamaran out off shore did I encounter that sparkling clear blue water I expect of the Caribbean. Perhaps this is a result of the recent hurricane activity but there was so much in the water that I can't imagine it clearing this season. I wouldn't go back for this reason.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>klvaile
<Content>Paradise at the Paradisus       LOBBY STATUE  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Vacation My husband and I stayed at the Paridisus Palma Real from February 11-February 19. I had to talk my husband into a resort style all inclusive. (He is more an adventure vacation kind of guy.) He is now a major convert. We loved this resort. It is spectacularly beautiful in all aspects. We especially loved the rooms which are spacious and beautifully appointed. I loved the bathroom setup with the european shower and jacuzzi tub. You could soak in the tub and open the shutters to the room and take in the view from outside. We had exceptional housekeeping service for our entire stay with fresh linens, towels etc. on a daily basis and little touches like the occasional fresh flower and on valentines a towel sculpture in the shape of a heart with fresh hibiscus. We did not have the royal service but experienced wonderful service throughout without it. The food was great, especially the lunch buffet which always had a carving table for various meat entrees including leg of lamb and roast chicken as well as fresh seafood grilled as you watched including calamari, prawns, sea scallops and lobster. Most days among the other numerous offerings there were huge dishes of paella. You could also get a hamburger and fries or pizza if that's what you prefer. Be sure and take advantage of the fresh fruit and juice bar which is located outside the main buffet area at breakfast- fresh squeezed juice in any combination you order. We did not experience problems with service at either the breakfast or lunch buffets. Some of the waiters who work the buffet area also work in the more formal restaurants at night. Especially once we got to know them we also had exceptional service in those restaurants. There were a couple nights when we did have to wait for a table and the coordination with reservations and combining tables could have been better but with experience that is likely to improve. We especially liked the food in Passions and Vento. Try the sea bass with sun dried tomato sauce on greens at Passions and the Calamari appetizer at Vento.We are mostly beach people and often had an area on the beach to ourselves. There are wonderful beds for lounging on the beach. The groundskeepers keep the beach pristine. There was an almost constant game of beach volley ball going in the afternoon for those who like to be more active. We also took advantage of some of the all included activities. The resort could be better at providing information on those. I recommend asking for an activities schedule when you arrive. You sign up for most of these activities at the club house which is in actuality the area adjacent to the pool where you get your towels. You can also sign up for the water craft, snorkeling etc. at the resort adjacent to Paridisus. We just walked up without a reservation for snorkeling and there was no problem. There was some competition for the watercraft later in the week so I advise reserving that in advance. I also took advantage of the horseback riding excursion which takes you to a beach off the grounds. It is about a 40 minute ride each way but I found it interesting to leave the grounds for a little while at least to get a flavor of the surrounding area. The horseback ride on the beach was alot of fun but since we had a small group (only 6) I believe the guide had the horses moving faster than the standard outing. I also recommend taking advantage of the spa services.(extra charge) Again I think the resort could be better at providing that information at check-in but check-in with the spa when you get there to make your reservation. Included with the spa treatments was the use of the water ritual center which I really liked.I totally agree with the comments made by the trip member from Springfield, MO who was at the resort at the same time we were and who we enjoyed meeting. The people at this resort are so friendly and are doing their best to make sure you have an enjoyable vacation. Be appreciative and friendly and it will come back to you.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TCJ
<Content>A great resort soon! I was part of a group that stayed at the Palma Real the second week of February. My first visit to the Dominican sure was relaxing thanks greatly to the spa-like athmosphere of the hotel. Yes, the piped-in new-age music could use a little carribean accent, but if I wanted to listen to calypso, I could visit any of the other hotels/resorts along the beach.  This is where this resort differs from the others. It offers a more intimate, soothing, peaceful setting than others. It is unpretentious in showing its effort at more class. From the decor, to the staff, to the facilities/spa, I was in pressed with the effort put to make us at ease here. Yes, the staff could speak better English, but you will be after all in a Spanish-speaking country.  The spa offered professional massages and other pampering frills, and was equipped with the latest workout equipment it seemed. Everyone was professional and friendly.I enjoyed the massage, but didn't work out. The four (will be six soon) restaurants all had excellent cuisine. I preferred the mediterranean to the others. The casual all-you-can-eat restaurant was excellent, varried its fare, and was never dull. Scallops and lobster anytime but breakfast, you can't get better than that! The previous reviewer mentionned waiting an hour to get seated, but I was there the same week and experienced no waits at all, at peak times even. Breakfast coffee was served quickly. The beach is first class. Deeper than all the resorts near and far, white sand, and a gentle breeze make this the perfect place to laze in the sun. Plenty of chairs, lounge chairs, and shade too, though the hotel was no more than 1/2 full. The huge pool was great, with built-in lounge chairs, wirlpools, and a swim-up bar. The water was a great temperature, certainly not cold as mentioned in other reviews. One should know and take full advantage of the free activities this all-inclusive resort offers. Daily snorkling, horseback riding along a beautiful beach, golf (+$35 each for club rental and cart), and scuba diving gives one just enough to do during a one week stay. I did all activities and none had negatives worth mentioning. The scuba diving (PADI card req'd) was great and dive sites varried from day to day. The hotel pays for 20 tanks per day at the neighboring outfitter (Scuba Caribe), and they told me I could dive all I want as only a couple tanks are used daily. Staff was again friendly and proffessional, I was worried they would be fast-food diving types like there are in Fort Lauderdale but I was impressed that they were excellent divers with our safety in mind.  Finally, you can see that I had a very pleasant stay at the Palma Real. They seem to be on the right track to their goal of being a bonafide 5-star resort. I experienced none of the problems other guests wrote about in other reviews. I am unpretentious and give no attitude to others, tried to speak high school spanish, and I found that these efforts worked well here. I received smiles, respect, and effort in return. The resort is by no means perfect in every sense (is there one anywhere?), but I would return in a year or more, when I believe they'll achieve the perfection they strive for.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paridise at Paridisus Went to the Palma Real over Presidents Week. After reading previous reviews, we knew to book 2 rooms in Royal Service. Our rooms were beautiful, next to each other with beach and pool views. New and well furnished.By using Royal Service, we always had two cabana's one at the beach and one at the pool. The beach/pool butlers were fantastic. They set us up every morning ($10 each day) and made sure we had drinks whenever we needed one. We decided which of the four ala carte restaurants we wanted to eat in and the Royal Service butlers got us a table at our desired seating time. We even called afer 5PM one day and were granted our request.Other non Royal Service guests were getting up at 6AM to get a cabana and they faced ala carte restaurant waits from 1 to 2 hours. We relly felt bad for them.The Royal service is worth the extra $30 a day.We loved the resort and it's staff. The new rooms and furniture are top notch. All the public areas are beautiful,very hip and trendy.Even the outdoor furniture is stylish, expensive stuff.We enjoyed the perfect beach, pool and sunshine. We came home very relaxed. The only negitive to the D.R. for my wife and 3 teenage daughters was the lack of off resort activities. They would have liked a small town to venture to and shop at. Other Islands do offer that.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good! my family and i had a very good vacation president's week at the paradisus palma real. the major items we were concearned with on a 'drop and plop' vacation were the hotel itself (grounds, beach, pool, our room) and the food.the hotel is very new - breathtaking view upon entering - many, many people taking pictures from that vantage point. grounds very nice and still being completed. the beach is real nice - lots of chairs and huts available on the beach -must get there early if you want the huts with the beds!!! - definitely alot of seaweed in the water. big, big pool with swim up bar and jacuzzis in the pool. our room was great - 2 nice beds, sitting area, balcony, bathroom area excellent including jacuzzi tub. as another reviewer noted, more privacy needed in the bathroom area. one of the main items we liked was that the resort seemed to be spaced out very nicely - it felt roomy and that you were not being overrun by too many people. lots of families with primarily smaller children who were well behaved and having fun!breakfast and lunch were buffet style. nothing unusual about breakfast - standard items and alot to choose from. lunch and dinner at the buffet typicly included some very nice items - beef and chicken kabobs, shrimp, scallops and many, many other high end items to choose from. we ate at the restaurants also and enjoyed them alot - passion, bano and vento- excellent quality and service at all three. service at the buffet as others have noted is inconsistent.again, as others have noted, some instances of language barrier problems.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Choose another hotel! This is a new property with real problems that should bar you from choosing it. While Punta Cana has nice beaches it has no flair of a downtown worth seeing as many other islands have. So its resort life only.This hotel which I just came back from has bad service, one in 20 staff speak any english at all! Friends on beach were robbed by staff who used there master key to get in there room. Hotel denied it til they admitted the system allowed them to see every room door open by key and trace the exact key. They were offered a free weeks stay less airfare as compensation,,so what!Restaurants were overcrowded with no reservation system and hour waits at 20% occupancy,,I laugh to think what they would do at 50% plus!Staff would wait to service you choosing to wipe tables. It was standard to wait 5-15 minutes for coffee service at breakfast, despite there being more servers then people to serve.Yes the hotel is nice looking, nice pool etc, the rooms are also nice but you can get this anywhere and is not the only criteria to make a holiday 5 star. Bottom line 4 star location, 3 star entertainment, 2 star service.Choose another place! We travel 2 times a year on holiday and this was the worst choice we have made in 5 plus years!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Loved it! Loved it! I have traveled extensively and found the Palma Real to be a first class experience -- especially considering it has been open less than 2 months. I expected to encounter quite a few glitches, and had nearly none. We popped for the Royal Servce and were greeted by name and escorted to the RS lounge where we were served drinks and completed the check-in. Our butler Wilson took us to our room and gave us a tour along the way. There was a bottle of champagne on ice waiting in our room. Most mornings there was a Miami Herald newspaper by the door.The room was beautiful and spotless. Even though it was gardenview, you could still see the beach from the balcony. The housekeeping staff was great and there were wonderful towel sculptures and flowers on the bed every day. Just hang your dreaming card out when you go to bed like you would at any other hotel when you want to sleep in. We slept in most days and no one bothered us. The beach is gorgeous and we had no problem finding chairs under a palapa at any time during our stay. The food was excellent. I had no complaints at all --I find it hard to complain about being able to eat lobster at the lunch buffet every day. All of the restaurants were very good and we had excellent service. Be warned -- if you go to Bana for sushi it is a 7 course affair including teriyaki, tempura and desert so pace yourself! The room service menu was a bit limited, but delivered timely. I recommend the chicken ceasar salad.  The RS staff were great. They tried very hard to accommodate the guests and had more patience than I could have with people who had very high jerk factors. We were there on Valentine's Day and my husband ordered roses for our room to surprise me. As things do happen, the roses never arrived. By the time my husband realized the flowers were not in the room it was too late for the hotel to contact the florist. The girls at RS started a late-night search for flowers and came through with a beautiful tropical arrangement (at no charge) which was waiting in the room when we returned for the night. The resort itself is one of the most beautiful I have seen and the Dominicans are some of the friendliest people I have ever encountered. We played golf and the course was beautiful. I suggest taking the shuttle to the course and make your tee times for the week there -- the resort can only make them 1 day in advance. We did not book our ground transportation to the hotel in advance, which worked out fine. We caught a Prieto tour bus to the hotel for $15.00 each. We took a cab back to the airport for a total of $25.00 for both of us. The bus is nice and calm. The taxi ride is a little more exciting, but not as scary as some I've had in the Caribbean. Things to keep in mind:1. Don't expect all of the staff down to the guy raking the beach to speak English. A rudimentary knowledge of Spanish will go a long way with folks; it is a Spanish speaking country after all.2. Chill out. You are in the islands, things run on island time, not at New York speed. After all, you're there to relax, right?3. It's the tropics. The pools aren't heated and the beach does get some seaweed washed up on it.4. Immigration and customs coming into the D.R. was the fastest I've ever seen. Their carry-on bag security was very strict on the way out. They will not allow disposible razors or even tiny scissors that will pass security in the US. So, pack them in your checked bags or toss them when you leave. 4. Smile, be patient and nice and you'll get the same back. Be generous with the staff -- many of them earn less per month than most of us make in a day.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rip Off! Don't waste your time! We came to the resort w/out reservations and got a room for 3 nights. The resort was breathtaking. They wanted $450/person for Royal Service (which is all they claimed they had available). We were told everything was included - golf, watersports, gym and that we did not need reservations for their restaurants. It took over an hour and a half to check in our royal selves and the girl told us we would each have 3 free rounds of golf per person. My friend asked if that included the cart and a guy there said yes. When we got to our room the man told us we could get a special jacuzzi and gave us a menu. Bottom line - needed reservations for dinner, snorkeling was the only free sport we were told when trying to book some activities, they wanted $28 for a lavender scented jacuzzi set-up from the menu, to use the sauna or jacuzzi in the gym they wanted us to purchase a service from the spa. This nickel and diming going on for $900/night for a room! We were so upset we should have just left. My friend tried to get one tee time five times! They said they'd call back and never did each time. Then they told her she had to pay for the cart and club rental. We later found out that they own the Cocotal Golf club, but EVERY resort in the vicinity uses it as well and they PAY for it while the guests at Paradisus have it included. It's all a big sham. We left after the first night and went to Occidental Allegro not even five minutes away and called and got a tee time at the Cocotal immediately...because they were charging $167 for 9 holes. The people at the resort basically lied to us and inflated their price. When my husband pressed them at the checkout to see what the royal service was, it basically bottom lined to a private beach and pool area. I would have been happy if we paid $150-200/person, but $450 for that? Please! Save your money and use it to fly first class on your trip. Would be a better investment. Some nice resorts nearby were Ocean Bavaro, Ocean Blue - Secrets resort is about 40 minutes north and is beautiful and the same caliber starting at $230/night. Oh, and they use the Cocotal Golf Course for their guests as well....  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>michcoop99
<Content>Beautiful, but not quite 5 Star This place was amazingly beautiful. We planned a 4 night/5 day vacation here but due to snow in NY, we ended up there for 7 nights, 8 days! Honestly, I cannot imagine a nicer resort, however can a big all inclusive ever be truly 5 star?PROS  CONS: Food was delicious! No reservations needed at any restaurants and staff was great. However, the hotel was not full by any means, so I'm sure the reservation thing will change. The staff everywhere was EXTREMELY friendly, and language wasn't a huge barrier (despite my fears) HOWEVER, they are extremely unorganized and I really don't think most of the staff has any clue how a hotel is suppose to operate. Example: Took us over 1 hour to check in because front desk had no idea how to find Expedia reservations. The keys to our room stopped working 4-5 times, ususally at night, and our romm was no where near the front desk so we had to hike 10 mins to change keys - VERY frustrating. Why they don't have phones anywhere is beyond me. The rooms were AMAZING, loved them, no complaints at all. The grounds were also beautiful, as was the pool, lobby, beach, etc. Staff was not helpful when we got stuck in Punta Cana because our flight was cancelled. We booked our room for around $550 per night for 2 pp, front desk wanted to charged us $900 per night when we got stuck there, although they clearly were not full. We were able to book for around $500 by booking through their companies website (Somelia) However, the reservation never showed up in their system at Paradisus and I spent another 2-3 hours trying to prove I booked (almost on the verge of tears), even with a confirmation number. The concierge had no idea how to call her own company to check a reservation, furthermore, I spent about $40 on long distance phone calls myself trying to straighten it out. Very annoying. Another weird thing - no newspapers of any kind anywhere. Bottom line - we loved this place, despite the troubles. However, they are still adding on which means the place is going to be huge. I can't imagine it running well fully booked. The patio areas will be over-crowded, it was a battle trying to claim a cabana when the place was at 40% occupancy, so I can just imagine... Advice: Don't go if you are going to golf. I heard many arguments about this from men who wanted to golf. The course isn't on the grounds and it's very difficult to get a tee-time. Also, only go on the horseback riding trip if you want to spend 3 hours - 1.5 hours of roundtrip travel in the back of an uncomfortable truck, 1 hour getting organized and 30 minutes of riding the SLOWEST horses imaginable. Beautiful place to horseback ride, but not if you really, actually want to horseback ride. Another thing - if you don't think you'll be out of your room by 9:30am every morning than put the sleeping card on your door knob before you go to sleep. Everymorning we awoke to housekeeping trying to get in to clean our room, if you're a heavy sleeper and their knock doesn't wake you up then they will walk in on you. Oh, and the standard king bed room is only good for a couple - there is not privacy in the bathroom (shower and toilet doors were see-through glass) and there is no real wall between the fabulous tub and the bed. Odd layout. Hope this helps!!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the ambiance I attended a beautiful wedding at this resort. I must say it was one of the best resorts that my husband and I experienced. We have traveled to most of the carribbean resorts and this surpasses them all. The resort is just simply beautiful. The rooms are elegantly decorated with no costs spared.The Royal Service is a must if you want to have that extra pampering. The food was good and we truly experienced fine dining. The buffets served at breakfast and dinner had a wide variety of choices, something for everyone. We could go back multiple times and not feel bored.Having the ability to speak spanish helps an awful lot, many of the staff do not speak english. There were always someone around to interpret so it was not an issue.The Dominicans were very nice and go out of their way to accomodate. I have highly recommended this resort to others.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cygnus
<Content>Heaven on Earth We just got back from a fantastic week at Paradisus Palma Real (PPR). Here's some information that I put into a couple of post on the forum that I thought I would put into a review: POOLThe main pool is huge with lots of interesting additions such as built in lounge chairs and in-pool Jacuzzi jets. Surrounding the pool there is lots of seating for sun or shade. My suggestion is to get up early and throw a couple of towels on one of the cabana huts that are basically a covered bed. Our favourite was directly behind the activities desk because it was very quiet. We had a couple of loungers in front for when we wanted sun and then the cabana for shade. You could also see the beach and ocean from this vantage point (sigh). I have heard people complain about the pool being cold but we didn't find it cold. When I went swimming it was usually because I was hot so I want the pool to be refreshing and that's exactly what it was refreshing but not cold.BEACHWell it's Punt Cana so the beach is great! Nice sand and the other thing we liked is that it wasn't crowded because they aren't fully opened. So you don't have to be crammed in and way down on the beach close to where everyone walks by. Once again they have lots of shade available.OVERALL ATMOSPHEREUnderstated elegance. We loved it. It depends on your taste though. It has almost an art deco feel in the upper lobby (look up at the massive chandelier that hangs over the steps down towards the plaza). The upper lobby and bar are wonderful. There was a great couch at the end of the lobby that overlooked the plaza down below. It was a great place to have a nice quiet evening drink. The plaza was also beautiful with fountains and sometimes they had live music playing (jazz one night and classical another). It is not a wild party place but more of a casual sophisticated resort.ROYAL SERVICEWe did not try it but we knew people who were there that did have it. Basically you have a butler who will reserve a cabana or balli bed for you. There is a separate pool, pool bar and beach area. The pool is quite small though. Didn't check out the rooms to see if they were different. Personally we didn't think it would be worth the extra money but I have read reviews here of people who said that they thought it was worth it.RESTAURANTSThe food was very good. Here's a run down:Passion was good - an Adults only restaurant that had a mixed menu of veal, chicken, fish etc.Buffet - Mainly for breakfast and Lunch although we did eat dinner one night because we were too tired to get dressed for dinner i.e. put on pants and dress. The food was consistently good although like most buffets I would suggest sticking to the freshly prepared or recently restocked food. i.e. freshly made eggs or omelets. One word of caution are the hamburgers at lunch. Check to make sure it is cooked all the way though and have them put it back on the grill if it isn't.Our favourite was Bana. Bana has three areas Sushi, Tempiyaki(sp?) and Fusion. The Fusion area is a sharing section. So you order off the menu and then share the food. We went with a group of six and ordered one of everything! Lots of fun. The Tempiyaki is where they cook the food in front of you for groups up to twelve. You need to have at least 6 or 8 to do this but I think they will arrange that for you. Also very good. We did not try the sushi area.We didn't get to Vento (Mediterranean) but heard it was hit and miss. Also, at the end of the week we noticed a sign for a Mexican restaurant towards the back area of the seating for the buffet. Not sure if that was open and we missed it or what! Also there is a small room service menu (you have to ask for one) but be prepared to wait. For some people it was only 1/2 an hour but I heard some people said they waited up to 2 hours. GOLFThe golf is directly across the road. I did not play golf but I heard it was a very nice course but long!NIGHTLY ENTERTAINMENTNot great as far as I was concerned. We were there with a large group and had some planned activities in the evenings but the two shows I caught were just OK. One was a Michael Jackson tribute and the other was a Disco tribute! We preferred to just relax in the Plaza or the Lobby Bar. Also we didn't venture into the disco but we heard it was mainly empty. We went into the casino one night for about 20 minutes. It was too bright and quite smoky but I left with $30 more in my pocket then I went in with! (I'm a real high roller)OTHER ACTIVITIESAsk at the activity desk to see what's available. Things were not overly advertised. For example we heard about the Free snorkelling here on Tripadvisor so we took advantage of that. We also used the Kayak's which you wouldn't know they had unless you asked because they were located at the resort next door.Oh ya and one more piece of advice....bring a personal music device (i.e. iPod, Discman). We found the music they play throughout the grounds (including poolside) to be very irritating sort of a techno new age thing that was very repetitive.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>February 2006 Stay- Not 5 Star Quite Yet Recently stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real. It's a beautiful hotel and the staff is very friendly But this place charges 5 Star rates and has a long long way to go in terms of 5 Star service. Sometimes I felt like the staff really could care less if the guests were happy. Be sure to bring everything regarding your stay in writing- we got a rate through our travel agent of $536 per night double occupancy and they tried to charge us that per person per night because the reservation was only under one of the names. We stayed an extra night at their sister Hotel the Paradisus Punta Cana- this hotel was much better in terms of activities and service,and staff knowledge- I would reccomend staying here instead until the Palma Real gets a little more experience.THE GOODThe SpaThe Lounging beds and the beach and poolAs many towels as you wantnice roomsnot crowdedTHE BADTried to extend stay by 1x night and they told me they would have to charge me rack rate of $900 per night- I asked if it was better that I leave and they said yesThere are no jacuzzis- they say they have 9, but they are actually built into the pool and hence are cold-water jacuzzis at pool tmeperature.The staff is not solutions-based. They cannot answer quesitons. They like to just say no rather than helping you find a solution. Since the hotel is new they don't have answers or know how to do things- especially the front desk.There was no guide outlining the activities offered. hotel is still under construction- everything is not up and running.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>algreek3
<Content>Nice Grounds but unorganized Stayed at a garden view room from February 5th-February 10th...--Room- Was VERY nice. We had a 2 person Jaccuzzi, Flat screen TV, Nice bed, Nice shower and a fully stocked mini-bar daily...--Beach- I have been to a lot of beaches throughout the world...Not the best beach but still a very nice beach..Water is clear but on some days there were seaweed. Cant blame anyone for that though...My favorite beaches are in Greece and in Aruba.Also, there were always plenty of towels and plenty of beach chairs and huts to sit in....Problem with Beach is there are not enough waiters going around asking for drinks...Its annoying to have to be getting up and walking to bar..And WATER was NOT cold.-Pool--Was gorgeous...Had jets in pool and a nice swim-up bar...Water was not COLD.. I dont know why everyone wrote that!!!! If you are sitting in 85 degree blazing sun and get burned and tanned, OF COURSE water will feel cold if you jump in...Now to the problems of the hotel....-Front desk people were always confused and did not understand English that well. The MANAGER was also not nice and did not know how to treat customers. She needs to learn how to speak better to clients.-Help crew was always nice and waiters were nice too.Another negative was that the DINNER did not include any Caribbean style or Dominican Style food...Dont get me wrong, the food was great but that kind of food can be had here in NY too...Breakfast buffet and lunch buffet were AWESOME!!! The dinner was good too, but again I can eat that food here also...I hear more restaurants are opening.The hotel is still under construction; when its completely finished and they become more organized, it will probably be even nicer then now....They need to work out some minor things and hotel will be more fabulous.I highly recommend this hotel to people that wasnt a relaxing, quiet vacation...not for kids or for partyers...just for couples that want a relaxing time.....I hope I helped..  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place The hotel is really nice. We had the Royal Service with an ocean front room. It was great. The main problem with the hotel is the dinning, there is plenty of staff but most of them do not know what to do. With a little training it will be a great place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too new to be great! This hotel is the newest of the Sol Melia group of Hotels in Punta Cana. We were booked into the Melia Caribe Tropical and 9 hours before we flew we were called by our agent to say This is you lucky day, you have been bumped to a luxury 5 star, The Paradisus Palma Real!. It was hardly our lucky day. The resort has only been open for 6 weeks. Therefore they have a lot of bugs to work out before considering themselves in the 5 Star category. Every guest we met had also been bumped from their originally booked resort. The Bad:1. Service - Lots of staff but they don't know what to do. 6 waiters would be standing around chatting in the restaurant while we ate our meal with no drinks. I actually walked into the kitchen myself to ask for a milk. 2. Construction ongoing- Nothing loud but since we were travelling with a 2 year old we had to very cautious as they had wires across walkways, ladders, windows and various other raw materials scattered around the grounds while they worked on completing the Hotel. 3. Pool was freezing. Beautiful and tempting but much to cold to enjoy. My 2 year old was the only guest that actually swam in the pool. 4. Grounds - Have all just been planted. It will be beautiful in a few years but for now it is just nice architecture. The Good: 1. Rooms - are great. 2 person jacquzzi tubs, plasma tv, cd player, new, clean, and comfortable. 2. Poolside cabanna huts - very handy, great place to sit in the shade and sleep, read and enjoy the outdoors. Especially with children that neeed shade. 3. Food is great. No issues getting reservation. 4. Diving and golf is included! Give it some time to mature, for the staff to learn how to provide great service and for the plants to grow lush and I would say this will be a nice 5 star resort.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raiza
<Content>Paradisus Palma Real- not my cup of tea This hotel is quite different to other resorts in Punta Cana,wether you will like it or not depends of what you are looking for.This hotel is big,elegant with modern furnishure less is more  posh with discrete colours,soft background music like new age or chill out.Activities like yoga,thai chi and meditation.You do not get the feeling that you are in the Dominican Republic at all,this is more like an american hotel in a big metropolis and all this gives the resort a cold atmosphere.I missed the bright colours,the cozyness,the joy and livelyhood of the locals,the music like merengue and salsa.This hotel is brand new,at this point only half of the complex being used,the other half will open in 2 weeks.The advantage now was that there were few clients so no problem finding tables for breakfast or in the a la carte restaurants.The quality of food excellent.When the whole hotel is open then it will feel crowded.I find that more dining options will be needed,other resorts of this size offer 8-10 restaurants.Our room in RoyalService was fine,nice furnishure,big jacuzzi.Try to get high floor with oceanview.In my opinion-when you open up a hotel-first make sure that everything works perfectly in the room,housekeeping,reception,restaurants etc- and then you admit clients.Here it was the other way around-first open and then you start giving service little by little and fixing things up.There are so many things that does not run smooth-powercuts all the time,some days without water,internet not working now and then,no pillowmeny in RS,no replenishing of schampoo and soap,some days no new towels,maid coming into the room without knocking( even with no disturb sign on door)etc etc etc.There seems to be no co-ordination between departments,left hand does not know what the right one is doing.All this will hopefully be OK in the future,but when I buy a hot-dog I do not expect to get a sirloin-steak,but when I buy a sirloin-then I want it to be reeeeel tender.If I pay full price-then I demand full service,all these problems are non acceptable in a 5 star,that is all- I just want things to work properly.A big hug to Wander,Pedro and Ahmed at the RS-pool and beach.Nice guys-polite,serviceminded,they do everything for you and make you feel special.As I said at the beginning-this hotel will suit some people,others not.Not quite my cup of tea  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go with kids! I was at Paradisus Palma Real from Jan 19th-26th with my 2 kids, aged 8 and 11. The sol melia website says this resort is for families and couples. What we found was much different, though. For kids, there were minimal activities and they were very bored. I heard some of the other resorts in the area were better for people with kids. The food was alright, but again, kids didn't have much selection. My wife and I would have enjoyed the trip if we went as a couple and not with our kids but how could we!!!We had the family concierge service which was not that great. They were attentive but not that special for the money. Check-in was quicker, though.In summary, if you're a couple this resort is great but don't go with your kids!!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissV
<Content>Dream Wedding   showReview(4400214, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will be beautiful when the construction is finished   showReview(4391487, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradisus is Incredible!       Our Suite  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>robinstown
<Content>the Palma Real is Absolutly amazing   showReview(4371557, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE BEST   showReview(4370410, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zmancartfan
<Content>True pampered excellence; relaxation, elegance, and luxury       Another view  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>croletter
<Content>Paradisus Palma Real - Beautiful!       Room  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mclevitt
<Content>Most Magnificent Resort in Punta Cana   showReview(4332187, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>boulange13
<Content>smvc pas vraiment une arnaque   showReview(21975614, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soraya68
<Content>Le Paradis sur terre   showReview(21696004, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>giselly
<Content>Me encanto el palma real   showReview(21651268, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>trysann
<Content>Un gran hotel   showReview(20359804, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>susisilop
<Content>Un gran hotel   showReview(19737637, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>BUZA
<Content>No est谩 a nivel de su categor铆a   showReview(18600110, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	1	4	

<Author>lalgaba
<Content>no se en que hotel habeis estado   showReview(18422191, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frankCastellon
<Content>YO SOY UN ASIDUO DEL HOTEL   showReview(18300152, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(18533403, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JuanAntonioAguilera
<Content>El Hotel y su gente, excelentes.   showReview(17516982, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>musa_8
<Content>No pienso volver   showReview(16852894, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	1	1	2	

<Author>ouchette13
<Content>paradisiaque   showReview(16622195, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DIAMAND59
<Content>Vraiment tr猫s bien   showReview(16081824, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kassel
<Content>servicio real deficiente   showReview(15983115, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>maruxina
<Content>datos de interes   showReview(15818880, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	4	5	4	

<Author>pepesanchez
<Content>decepcionante   showReview(15665648, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>majuValencia
<Content>El hotel...espectacular. Con Pedro al servicio del SR, INMEJORABLE!   showReview(15066603, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Danielle56
<Content>Excellent et magnifique h么tel   showReview(15003022, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Dosi44
<Content>Haben uns mehr erwartet!   showReview(14685745, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>staymanToulouse
<Content>plus que d茅cevant ...;;;;   showReview(14603357, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	5	-1	2	3	

<Author>MartineRaymond
<Content>WOW !!!!! Que dire de plus que les autres? 脌 part WOW ,WOW       Le paradis vue du ciel  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carolaureta
<Content>Fabuloso!!       Piscina  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>delicias
<Content>El para铆so       Playa privada  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>hp01
<Content>A recommander !       Langouste sur ananas grill茅 et piece de boeuf !  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JOSHMx
<Content>El resort de lujo   showReview(12918898, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Freedespe
<Content>Belle Hotel   showReview(12610728, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	1	4	4	

<Author>xggil
<Content>Excelente servicio       piscina del hotel  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>sonne2007_7
<Content>...traumhaft !   showReview(11698893, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>feesclochettes
<Content>hotel magnifique mais................................       paradisus palma real chambre  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>mireille13190
<Content>bel hotel   showReview(11387694, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>839
<Content>m茅morable !       La piscine  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>simon_inf
<Content>ennuyeisement magnifique       superbe pisine  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	3	

<Author>madrid_susana
<Content>Excelente Servicio Real   showReview(10081406, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xena65
<Content>Paradisus realmente el paraiso       Patio principal del Paradisus Palma Real  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>jccCaracas
<Content>Majestuoso hotel   showReview(8464599, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Paradisus Palma Real Juli 2007   showReview(11445102, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>begocooper
<Content>Muy deficiente... Cinco estrellas de la Republica Dominica, no de Espa帽a   showReview(7752477, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	2	

<Author>fleurdelune
<Content>Le vrai Paradis sur terre   showReview(7390453, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>diciembre
<Content>Maravilloso Hotel               More photos  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>STUDIO64
<Content>Magnifico   showReview(6811343, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>rubiEspa帽ol
<Content>Un hotel inmejorable   showReview(6751259, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>horadia
<Content>Una gran decepcion.   showReview(6650050, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>phil&ju
<Content>L'id茅al pour des vacances r茅ussies !!   showReview(6604177, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>bossgt5
<Content>Fantastique!               
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelonConJamon
<Content>Un gran hotel al 50%   showReview(6363630, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	1	1	3	1	

<Author>Javiro
<Content>Hotel nuevo pero le faltan cosas   showReview(6152336, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>gazania
<Content>Muy mejorable   showReview(6141308, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yudelka
<Content>el paraiso echo realidad   showReview(5765416, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>muy bien pero mejorable   showReview(4992952, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel         
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simplemente Maravilloso -   showReview(4977846, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Un lujoso Hotel ,con un futuro promisorio               More photos  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super hotel   showReview(4399370, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

