<Author>mominny
<Content>Ocean villas are quiet and beautiful! Looking for a quiet, family villa, try the Ocean Villas. Ocean 16 is the newest property. We booked thru www.wheretostay.com (ask for Andrew). They took great care of us. Concierge on property is just okay. You'll need a rental car and help with restaurants since there are only a few on the property. Try Pasion...(near El Conquistador Hotel) and Aguaviva  Pikayo (in Art Museum) in San Juan. Be sure to go to El Yungue Rain Forest and do bioluminenscent kayak tour. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>LEllen12
<Content>Awesome! Awesome! Awesome We stayed at a two bedroom condo on the grounds of the Rio Mar Resort. It was in a gated community called Cluster 3. It was a fabulous condo filled with every amenity. It had 2 and 1/2 baths, large terrace, living room, family room, dining room, open kitchen, master bedroom with huge his and her closets and a second bedroom with two double beds and a double futon couch. We had 3 t.v.'s and all the laundry facilities. The condo was fully stocked with all the necessary laundry and cleaning supplies as well as a kitchen stocked with all the supplies you could need to cook a gourmet meal. It was super clean and quiet! We rented a car which is a total necessity. The condo came with a golf cart which was a convenient way to get to the beach. The beach and pools of the hotel are 3/4 mile away from the condo but it is a lovely walk or an easy golf cart ride. There is so much to do on the island of Puerto Rico. We hiked up to the clouds in the rain forest and then down to La Mina Falls. We were gone all day, we had a blast! We tried Snuba (highly recommend). We rented bicycles and cycled on the boardwalk in Pinones. We saw a professional Puerto Rican baseball game in Carolinas. We kayaked in the Bio Bay in Fajardo. We spent a day on Luquillo Beach. Everything exceeded our expectations! We can't wait to go back. The grocery store is just down the street. It has exotic choices as well as our recognized brands. We felt very safe. We never had anyone approach us to buy anything. The weather was awesome! We have 3 kids age 10 -15. We all had a marvelous time.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>WWK
<Content>The Good/The Bad at Wyndham Rio Mar We just returned tonight ( Jan. 5th) from an 8 day stay with our older kids ( two 20-year-olds, one 17-year-old) from the Wyndham Rio Mar.We joined Wyndham Rewards, and were upgraded to two ocean front rooms which were very spacious, with extremely comfortable beds, small flat screen TVS, and average size bathrooms that thankfully, unlike other Caribbean resorts, never ran out of hot water for the shower.The hotel is on the Atlantic side of Puerto Rico, so the water is not the calm blue/green of the Caribbean. In some ways, that was a plus, since there were gigantic waves to play in, although we all had to be careful of a considerable undertow.The beach itself is just OK. It's nearly two miles long, so good for a jog back and forth, but some days , especially one end of it was littered with cigarette butts and plastic cups.Hotel food was mediocre to poor, except for the Italian restaurant PALIO, and even that didn't compare favorably to the most basic pizzeria in New York. Prices were high for all food except the hot dog/hamburger grill set up near the pool for lunch.Luckily, we rented a car, because the hotel is in a gated community that is pretty isolated. We had dinner three nights in a row at LA PARILLA, a fantastic restaurant at one of the shacks just in front of Loquillo Beach. However, service was S L O W. We waited over an hour for a table, then about another hour or so for our food to arrive. There is great golf, nice tennis courts, a spa, and a decent workout room which fills up fast most mornings (!) on site.WOuld I recommend this place? Yes for a corporate exec or someone looking for an easy long weekend getaway.( The hotel is a quick 45 min. drive from the San Juan airport.) No, to a family who wants a more active, less isolated vacation, although the rain forest ( EL Junque) is only about a ten minute drive from the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	2	4	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>JulDL
<Content>A great family get away! My family of 4 (all adults) recently enjoyed 5 wonderful nights at the Rio Mar Wyndham resort. We travel quite a bit and have a lot of hotels/resorts to compare it to and although the rooms themselves could use some updating, we all agreed that the Rio Mar is great and would recommend it to anyone. The resort is located in a gated community with nice grounds, which allowed for a nice areas to roam around outside (which is especially nice if you like to walk/run like we do). From check-in to check-out we experienced the wonderful service that the Rio Mar has to offer. I will say, you do pay for it as there is a 14% service fee tacked on to the bill at the end of your stay, but at least we felt like we got what we paid for. Every staff person we walked by greeted us, employees (especially Angel) were always available at the beach to help us get chairs or set up an umbrella, the towel hut staff gladly switched our our damp towels for fresh ones when needed, and the valet provided us with cold water at the front door when we got back from our morning walks/runs. We did eat most of our meals on site at the resort and very much enjoyed both of our dinners at Palios (exceptional service too!) and Shimas. The breakfast buffet at Marbella was a treat one morning as well. We enjoyed the convenience of being able to get a quick bagel or muffin at ERL (near the lobby) and both Seabreeze and the Tiki Bar provided delicious lunches while overlooking the beach or pool as well as good service. As far as price, we didn't find the prices particularly high, especially since we were at a resort, but as I said, we do travel a lot and perhaps are used to resort prices.The area that the resort is in itself is perfect. A short 35-45 min car ride to Old San Juan and less than 15 minutes to the El Yunque rain forest. My recommendation would be to rent a car because you can easily drive and navigate yourself around the rain forst. The staff at the rain forest visitor center was most helpful in pointing us in the right direction of trails and waterfalls. A visit to Old San Juan is also worth the trip - the streets are nice to walk through as well as a visit to the fort. If you are looking for a wonderful meal - try DragonFly! The Rio Mar is a perfect place for families, or couples too! It is not overwhelmingly big but big enough. There were many families with kids there, however there is also an adult pool if you want to relax without a lot of kids running around. I also have never been to a beach with so many chairs! Overall the Rio Mar is a wonderful place for a vacation and Puerto Rico is the perfect spot for a mix of relaxation and activity in nice weather!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	3	3	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>ReadytoGoNyc
<Content>Not Sure I Would Go Again ... I have never been so happy to return from holiday -ever ! We just returned yesterday, Jan 3, 2009 stayed from Dec 30, 2008. We went on holiday break, many teens and young children were there.Wyndham/ Rio Mar had a game room but closed it on Friday, 01.01.09. Plenty of kids around -bored...There is nothing for them to do after dark. The pool and beach is pitch black and the bats start flying above as soon as the night hits. An indoor pool would solve that issue.The food/taxi was too expensive (same food as in states) and the staff aloof at times but still pleasant. Maybe Wyndham should make this an all inclusive resort or lower the prices. The locals/staff mentioned that many items are overpriced. The beach was nice although it could have been a bit cleaner. I am a Wyndham owner and have frequent many resorts and this one was not one its best. I was told by Wyndham/ Rio Mar sales it will mirror Bonnett Creek, where I hold my deed. It will offer more ammenties (indoor pool ) and activities on the property. However, my son did enjoy the pool and beach as did other families. I had a ok time...Will probably go again, but when there are improvements that mirror other Wyndam Resorts.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>shellyk
<Content>A most relaxing vacation Just returned from a week at the Rio Mar and we had a most enjoyable time. I did not expect the hotel or the grounds to be as nice as they were. Our rooms were very lovely...ocean view, flat screeen tv, etc...although the doors to the rooms were a bit tired ,light, flimsy and not sound proof enough.We had a wonderful package which included breakfast and other incentives......the restaurants in the hotel were very good for a resort (especially enjoyed Palio) and the help were as nice as they could be. No need to wake up at dawn to get chairs at the beach or pool...they were plentyful and always a staff member around to assist you with whatever you needed. If only the weather were a bit better it would have been perfect!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>msneedle
<Content>Great location for the rain forest If you want to go to El Yunque, this hotel is perfect as it has a beach and it's not too far from the rain forest. Staff was very professional and friendly. The lobby is gorgeous. There are two pools -- a smaller adult lap pool and another larger pool with a small water slide. Lounge chairs there are very comfortable. Grounds are beautiful.Our room was decorated very tastefully and the beds were probably one of the most comfortable I've ever slept on. You can definitely tell that this hotel has been around for a while, but things are well maintained. I guess when Wyndam took over, they only renovated the lobbies and not the rooms. But they were still comfortable enough.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>freckledash
<Content>Will Never Go Back Here--Visible Signs of Mold!       Mold under the rug in our room  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	1	

<Author>MLK76
<Content>Great 1 bedroom villa We stayed in a one bedroom villa within the grounds of the Rio Mar Beach Resort. It was not connected to the hotel so we were away from the noise and clutter of the casino! If you are looking for a great relaxing get away, it is perfect. Good for a small family or for a couple. The apartment was lovely and we could fit our pack 'n' play into the open closet so it was out of the way. The 2 couches in the living room can easily be used as beds for small kids too. The apartment is within a small cluster and while we were there (over Christmas for 1 week), it was really quiet. There is a pool right there (a little cool!) and it is close to one of the best local beaches (Loquillo Beach). Definitely rent a car. You will need it and there are some great places to go and see (Old San Juan, El Yunque Rain Forest, etc). There is free parking outside the villa - a huge bonus to the large hotel where they charge at least $20 a day. We found 2 fantastic local restaurants. Antojito's, down the bottom of the street (of the main hotel entrance) and a fantastic local terrace restaurant at up the top of the same street. This one has great views! Te only downside of the villa we were in was the mosquitoes, but I guess you get them anywhere. Bring insect repellant! Richard co-ordinated our stay and he was easy going and very helpful. Margie owns the apartment and she is wonderful too. Both were a great source of knowledge about the area and offered great advice. When we left, we felt like we were leaving our Puerto Rican family!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theperfectplace77
<Content>Not worth the price We were having a family vacation--16 in all. The grounds and the oceanfront were beautiful.I enjoyed the Sea Breeze Restaurant for lunch--would be great if it was open for dinner. They were open for dinner some nights but with a mediocre buffet--and high prices for what you got.There was mold that had a terrible smell in my son and daughter in laws room. This resort is in the hospitality business and I don't think they really get it.I don't mind paying high prices if you get what you pay for. i.e. Caneel Bay, Galley Bay, Jumby Bay, Cap Juluca but I feel I was taken big time.We ate at the Grille. Food was good. But it took a painfully long time to get since our dinner reservation was at 8:30. After that we were to take the shuttle back (runs every 10 minutes). An hour latter it arrived. The group on the bus went en masse to the manager to complain . The manager on call that night was combative and wanted us to talk to the shuttle company--passing it off. The next day another manager comped the shuttle group 20% off their dinner and a free transfer back to the airport.I was never so glad to get back from a vacation.A little entertainment--they have three to four beach sweepers the hotel has hired to clean the beach. They are looking for your valuables. They go around shaking out towels (not there job) hoping some valuables will fall to the sand where a big, fat guy sweeps it up.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	5	1	-1	

<Author>giscott007
<Content>Quite a nice place The Wyndham Rio Mar is situated in a nice location about 40 min from the San Juan airport. It is in a gated community and has a resort like atmosphere. It is great for a family getaway. There are many inexpensive deals on the internet for this hotel and it is well worth the price on these sites.The rooms were spacious and clean. We did not have any problems with our room and the bathroom was nice. It is in the Westin/Marriott/Hyatt type category. There are flat screen tv's in every room. Sign up for Wyndham by Request/Rewardsand you will surely get an upgrade to an ocean view room like we did. The grounds are very lush and well maintained. It is important to rent a car for this hotel so that you do not feel trapped on the property. The round trip airport transfer is $60/person so the cost is made up quickly. We rented a Camry from Hertz at $188/week. The food at the hotel is only fair and at typical resort prices. Go to Lolitas for great Mexican food and La Parilla(kiosk #2) for fresh fish and beef. Guavas in Luquillo had good food as did Don Pepes very near the hotel.The rental car will serve you well to go on your own to the rainforest. Do not take a $75/person tour. You can drive there in 10 minutes and hike the trails which are well marked. You can go to the visitors center where there is a film, gift shop etc.Overall, we had a very nice time at this property and at a reasonable rate.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>HeathW
<Content>Good enough, but not that great.       View from our Jr. Suite (upgrade from "Ocean View"). Go figure.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NittanyTravel
<Content>Great Hotel Great Hotel. Family vacation with two children, great location, great amenities. Received Wyndham Rewards upgrade to ocean front room overlooking the pool, but because the room was booked through a third party, AmEx, was not comped the internet and wasn't told this until check-out. Food was good, as stated in other reviews, it was expensive, but you are at a resort. Snacks, drinks, etc can be purchased at a small grocery at turn from route 3 into the property. Also a bakery there with great breakfast sandwiches. Rented a car, self parking was slightly inconvenient in an attempt to get you to use the valet service. The rental car was great, took side trips to the rain forest and old San Juan. Also went to several restraunts off property, Richies and Kiosk #2. Both were fun for atmosphere and the food was good but also not cheap. Pool was well maintained, clean, towels were plentyful and comfy. Beach was clean and staff always available to help with chairs, drinks, food etc. All staff very friendly.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mrc1222
<Content>Big Problems With Wyndham Rio Mar We just returned from a 5 night vaation booked through Cheap Caribbean. This resort is in real trouble. The resort is very pretty and well maintained. But here are the criticisms:1: We booked a 2 bed room. Upon arrival we were told that they were out of them. Upon my refusal to accept one bed, Miraculously, they found a 2 bedded room.2: Other than the breakfasts, which were pricey but good, the food was a big disappointment. One major restaurant, Shimas, was closed during the entire stay. The major italian restaurant, Palio was a big disappointment. They charge through the roof for really ordinary food - and at times lousy food. For example, I ordered an Osso Bucco over Risotto. My culinary experience tells me that Risotto should be soft and creamy. This rice was crunchy like nuts. When I complained the waiter infomed me that the chef said the Risotto was properly prepared, crunchy. The other restaurant offered just, average over priced hot dogs, burgers, dry chicken breast concoctions, etc. 3: Shops. I needed some over the counter medicine. And I needed it badly. The sign on the convenience shop listed the hours as 9Am to 11PM. I went down at 9:30 PM and it was locked shut. I went to the desk to complain. They told me that the shop closed at 7PM. When I told them about the sign, at first they did not believe me. I had to go over to the shop and snap a digital photo of it and show it to them. Their answer was that good old shrug of the shoulders. Since I needed the medication, I asked them to shuttle me to the drug store in town. They refused and I had to pay $15.00 for a round trip taxi.4: Last but not least was the rip-off I discovered upon check out. The night before check out I went to the desk to check my bill. The bill included 5 days parking charges and taxes. I did not have a car. It also included round trip airport shuttle, even though I had prepaid it through Cheap Caribbean. The clerk removed them from the bill. The morning of check out I received an Express Checkout packet on the floor of my room. I checked it and there again was the $240.00+ charge for parking and airport shuttle. Now I was fortunate that I read the express checkout rather than allow them to just put it through my credit card. There was a large crowd there attending a meeting. The costs were obviously picked up by the expense accounts. I wonder how many of them left with express checkout with those extra charges not checked.Obviously, we will never return to that place.Morton Covitz  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>zoocq
<Content>Loved the service...but... Dec. 5-9The trip was a great price through Hotwire..which was a great trip organizer! The resort was beautiful! I cannot say enough about the cleanliness of the grounds, the pools, the rooms...everywhere there was someone working inside and out.The food was outstanding in Palios, as was the service...Hector, our waiter, was superb and we enjoyed our evening with him! The only complaint was the meager wine list, of which from four choices they were out of all four...but graciously made up for it with an expensive wine at the lower price.The Grille was another matter...poor service, poor atmosphere, the meat was good, i.e steak and chicken, but little else to commend it for the price.A BIG complaint was on our third night. At 2AM there were a group of drunken partiers outside our room in the kiddie pool. We called security and they did chase them away. Alas, they came back and after 3AM we called security again. They did not show up again to remove the drunken young adults. At 4:45AM, my husband went down to the pool himself, I called security. My husband ended doing security's job...but we lost a night's sleep. We were reimbursed, but the sad story was that the young adults said security only showed up once and security claimed they were there twice??Bottom line...the prices are outrageous for food, services and the spa. Next time I will do an all inclusive as the over $1000 extra I spent would have been better served. There were positive things that I mentioned. But I would not return...too far out of the way of anything to do.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	1	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>hate2go
<Content>Wonderful Family Vacation I stayed at this hotel a couple of years ago and hoped that the change in ownership would not have a negative impact on the hotel. I was looking for a place that would have something to offer my diverse group which included my mother, my husband plus my sister and her family (3 kids plus her husband). A big group with an even bigger age range. We found it at this hotel, everything was perfect. A quiet pool for the adults so that they could relax in peace and a big kids pool with a tame water side so that my sister could entertain her children without worrying about disturbing other guest. The rooms were clean with large and very comfortable beds. The food ranged from good to excellent. We had the breakfast buffet in the morning which had a nice selection of food items, it ran around $21 per person I think. We had dinner at their signature Italian restaurant and it was excellent, but bring your wallet. Review their menu on the hotel鈥檚 home web site so that you can come prepared. The service was always very friendly, some employees were more professional then others but we never really had too much of a problem. I have found that if you can, bring a fist full of singles, some patience and a lot of 鈥減lease and thank you鈥?and your service will always improve. Remember you鈥檙e on island time so just relax. If you can please take time to visit El Yunque national forest, it鈥檚 beautiful and really close to the hotel. The kids really enjoyed the night tour of bioluminescent bay, it was very educational for us all.The hotel web site is an excellent place to start planning your vacation, it鈥檚 an accurate description of what you鈥檒l find when you arrive. We had a wonderful time there and I hope that you will too!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mlvhess
<Content>great stay... Everything about the Rio Mar is great!!! Good food, beautiful beach and pool area, excellent service. We just got back on this weekend from a week long stay, and we have no complaints about the resort. I was expecting some problems after reading sme reviews, but I have to say that the people with any bad experiences with the hotel must have extremely high expectations!!! If you want a great meal with an amazing view, take the shuttle to Richies. We also took a cab to Don Pepe's (AMAZING food...also you get 2 complemetry drinks with a pass from the conceirge desk, but the cab will run you $20 roundtrip). Definetly buy some beer on the way from the hotel, as drinks are a bit pricey at the resort. We had alot of fun at the casino, and actually won some money. Also, ask if there are any spa specials. We ended up sitting though a 2 hr sales presentation for time shares, but the 30 minutes massage we got as a gift was well worth it.If you want a relaxing vacation, this is the place to go. Would go back again in a heartbeat!!!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JanBerlin
<Content>Wonderful Resort       Oceanview Suite 6035  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MAA2008
<Content>Fantastic Resort! What a great resort. We just returned from a 1 week stay during Thanksgiving week, went with my husband and 2 small children (ages 5 and 2). This is an excellent resort for families, especially with small children. There is so much for kids to do, from the water slide (which is a huge hit with all of the kids!) to the iguana feeding to the hourly kid-oriented activities (lawn games, relay races, bingo, etc) to the kids club (where you can even just sign out games and balls and beach toys without having to utilize or pay for any of the camp). The beach is right next to the pool area and is very nice (although the sand is a darker color than I'm used to). There are multiple restaurants to choose from, several of which are very family oriented with extensive children's menus ($6 for child entree). But what I think sets this resort apart is the service. This was 5-star service, the type of service I have only encountered once when we stayed at a Four Seasons in Miami. The staff is just exceptional: friendly, helpful, attentive, and just plain nice. I strongly recommend joining the Wyndham By Request Program before you arrive- it's easy to sign up on line, just make sure that you call the hotel ahead of time and let them know to put your BY Request information on your hotel reservation, so they know when you check in. This definitely personalized the service- we received a free room upgrade to an ocean-view (without asking), had our own personal concierge calling us several times during the week to check in and see if we needed anything, and were brought wine and snacks to our room after check-in and the night before check-out. Nice perks. I can't say enough wonderful things about Jesus at the Concierge Desk and his very nice colleague Angel. Both went out of their way to help me with my requests, they are great at making their guests feel special. I also recommend the golf course if you have kids- we took our kids to the driving range and the pitch and putt and got to ride around in golf carts for a while, which was fun! The rooms are very nice, the hotel itself is beautiful, the food is decent (expensive, but nothing out of the ordinary for a 4-star island resort, and you can find more reasonable priced items at Marbella and the Iguana Pub). My only complaint for the whole week was that I could hear the people in the adjoining room just carrying on a normal conversation, but I never complained about it to the front desk, I'm sure they would have moved us if we had. Overall, this was a great vacation, I would definitely recommend it (esp if you have young children), and we would definitely go back. I think my 5 year old summed it up best when he asked me if we could move to Puerto Rico and live at the Rio Mar forever. What more can you say?  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>coolshot
<Content>Great resort I would rate this as one of the nicest places I have stayed. We got an excellent deal @ $130/night (bookinhotels.com) when the average listed price is somewhere around ($250-$350/night) - well worth the price-tag. 30 minute drive from San Juan airport, located right on beach with excellent grounds and gardens. Check-in was quick and pleasant; staff was gracious to upgrade us to a ocean-view room for the same price, however the view of the ocean was at an angle (we didn't mind that). Rooms are large, had a flat-screen tv (hardly watched tv), internet-connection, large well-lit, clean and nice bathroom, large balcony with a chairs and table. (We personally like the bath  body works toileteries that Wyndham provides, better than the ones in Hilton). The Wyndham's mantra is service and service we recieved was excellent. Unlike other hotels, beach towels were really soft, you could even take them to you room and not necessarily need to drop it off the @ the towel hut before going to your hotel room. Pools are great, separate one for adults, 2nd pool even had a small water-slide - how cool! We liked the breakfast, you do not necessarily have to eat buffet - b/f from menu was equally good, filling and cheaper. Conceirge desk is helpful but avoid getting talked into a timeshare presentation, which would eat up your day.Richie's cafe which seems to be very popular with staff and others, is overpriced and average, view from the cafe is good though. Downside of staying @ Rio Mar is that your eating choices outside of the hotel are limited unless you are ready to drive 30 minutes to either San Juan or Fajardo. Would recommend having a rental car unless you plan on staying @ the resort at all times. Do the tours yourself - El Yunque, Bacardi etc.. you will save a bunch of money.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasRobert
<Content>Great resort, lousy food and service We stayed here for a conference/family vacation. The resort grounds are very nice and well kept. We were always in the family pool and enjoyed it, although I wish there was a swim-up bar. My 3-year old enjoyed the pool and feeding the iguanas a couple times. The beach is not clean at all, but the water was clear and the lounge chairs are nice on the beach. We had an ocean view suite, and we could barely see the ocean. It was so damp in our room that we asked them to either fix it or move us, and they sent someone up to look at the room. That person recommended we just turn the temperature down lower. The room was quite disappointing, given that we paid more than $300 a night. It was small and outdated. The food at the hotel was ABSOLUTELY horrible, except for the pizza and burgers. We ate at 3 of the restaurants and were not impressed at all. We enjoyed Los Antejitos though, which is only a 5-minute drive away. The only thing worse than the food was the customer service, which was completely absent. We rented a car and drove into Old San Juan, which was fun, and went to the outlet mall, which was very nice. We also went to Amigo to purchase water and snacks and I would recommend that, as prices are high in the hotel.Overall, this hotel is overpriced and the service was terrible. The grounds were very nice and the weather was great.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	3	1	3	

<Author>virginiahoo
<Content>clean friendly but expensive food/drinks We stayed here for 8 days. The staff was VERY attentive, rooms were clean, housekeeping delivered items quicker than anywhere I've stayed. We went with our 2 kids (12  9) the adult pool is great to get away from little ones splashing. My kids LOVED the pool / slide/ iguanas roaming around. The views are lovely. The beach had plenty of chairs, umbrellas and they had sand toys for the kids. The surf was great 5 /7 days we swam. It got rough the last 2 days.We rented a car, went to San Juan, Fajardo, and several other places. Taxi's are very expensive and there is SO much to do here. Just the 2 way trip to /from the airport for 4 people would have been $240. Our rental for the week was less than that.Because of the car we went out to eat every night. LaPerilla #2 kioskos is great, Richies, several others close by but not walkable. We rented a fridge for the room ($25) week) went to Amigos  Walmart to stock up and saved a TON of money on beer, rum, OJ, cereal, ect...) the breakfast buffet in the hotel is $20 day. A bowl of cold cereal is $7. Beer is $7, rum drinks $10+ each...We went horseback riding, took a snorkle trip through East Wind Adventures (awesome crew/ food/ snorkle trip to Little Palmino) went to the rain forest, Old San Juan for a day and generally just drove around the eastern part of Puerto Rico.A few things: take cash for gasoline, cash for the rain forest, people drive a bit aggressive - not one person used a blinkerthat I saw. Most people speak english. Be at the airport AT LEAST 1 hr prior to your departure, trust me...we got stuck in a bit of traffic and got to the airport with 50 minutes to spare...the flight had closed BUT we still made it on. It was a real hassle :-) Do not be afraid of the roadside food! It is some of the BEST on the island. When you see a broken down bus on the side of the road, pop up tent and grill - STOP or you'll miss some great food!Also have a coco frio while you are there!We have traveled extensively, with and without our kids, we never stay in the same place twice if we revisit a place, I'd stay here again... enough planned stuff for the kids at the family pool, hair braiding, sand castle building, organized volleyball, dance lessons and a dive in movie.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michael-Carmen
<Content>BEST RESORT IN PUERTO RICO First of all whoever writes any negative report about the rio mar is either from another planet or is writing about another hotel. As the resort is one of the most exclusive resorts in puerti rico. THe staff was excellent especially the bellhop Edwin and his budy who went out of hid way to accomadate us. The beaches and pools were thr best. The only things that the past reviews were correct were tht you need to rent a car in order to eat outside the hotel and get to see all the beautiful things Puerto Rico has to offer. For breakfast we at at the ISAMAR bakery located at the entrance to the resort on route 3, as the place is family run and the food and help were great. For dinner a must eat place is Kiosk 2 in Liquillo called LAPARILLA. The food was GREAT the rice and beans were AWESOME. I had steak mfongo that was a treat. inner for two with two with two drinks and tip was only 60 dollars, well worth it. We cannot wait to go back again as this is truly paradise waiting for you. PS enjoy the chicken wings and frozen drimks at the Tiki bar at sunset  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Scousepeasant
<Content>Nice but expensive resort We stayed here for 5 nights as part of a large conference group. The resort was very pleasant and well maintained and close to El Yunque in our rental car. Although the people without rental cars were a little stuck as the only way out is taxis or shuttle to the airport if you have no car. We drove to Fajardo one day to take the ferry to Vieques and the hotel is only about a 30 to 40 minute drive from there. I'd highly recommend Vieques. The hotel was a little on the pricey side - especially when they add on resort fees and even a bellboy charge whether you use the bellboy or not. The air conditioning in the public areas meant that the place was a bit chilly to say the least. And when we checked in our keys didn't work and we were given another room eventually. But apart from those little niggles, we had a lovely time here. The food isn't cheap but you can order pizza in the bar for $13 if you don't want a full meal. Though if you have a hire car there are other cheaper places nearby.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>w0rking_2_travel
<Content>Pleasantly surpised Very nice 4 star hotel with your typical sized hotel room, rooms are nothing special but sufficient. The grounds, pools, and beach are very well kept. Beach chairs and pool chairs were overly abundant but it was November and the hotel was maybe 75% full. Some reviews talked down the beach, don鈥檛 expect crystal blue water with white sand, it鈥檚 more of a fine brown sand but kept very clean by the staff. You will find 鈥榮tuff鈥?in the water but it鈥檚 typical seaweed, no signs of jellyfish or other offensive items in the water and I did spend a lot of time body surfing.I definitely recommend a rental car, the money spent on the car will be easily made up in food and excursion savings. Save the $70/person rain forest bus trip and drive yourself. Stop at the El Yunque welcome center for $3/person and get the maps to all the rain forest attractions there. We did the trail to the waterfall with a 7 and 4 year old, took about 30 minutes to get there. We beat the bus trip people by 20 minutes to the water fall and had the area to ourselves with about 5 other people. Once they showed up it got very crowded. If you hike to the water fall take a bathing suit, a towel to dry off, and water. You will not find anything to drink on the way, you must take everything. Rocks are very slippery and I would recommend sandals in the water but you don鈥檛 want to have to hike back with wet sandals. I recommend sneakers for the hike and not a cheap sandal.The Fort San Felipe del Morro in old San Juan was worth the trip, kids thought it was a castle and found it interesting, again save the bus trip and drive there, entry fee was $6/person.IF YOU HAVE A GPS WITH US MAPS, MOST LIKELY PEURTO RICO WILL BE IN THERE !!! We took our Garmin Nuvi 200 and it had everything in it, Rain Forest, del Morro, etc.Food 鈥?we typically don鈥檛 eat dinner at hotels because the food is blah and overpriced. We ate out every night with the kids at local restaurants and saved a lot of money. Richie鈥檚 at the top of the hill near the entrance to Rio Mar was good but didn鈥檛 have a kids menu, they kids ended up splitting a $30 rib plate. Dinners were good and the view was nice.Puerto Rican restaurant where 968 meets route 3 had good food but was very slow, waited about 1 hour for food after we ordered, they operate on local time.Kiosk #2 鈥?if you take route 3 east towards Luquillo about 2 miles east on the left hand side of the route 3 you鈥檒l see what looks like a long row of shacks and bars. Each one has a number and on a recommendation we ate at kiosk #2, had two fish dishes that were very good with too much food that we couldn鈥檛 finish our plates. Don鈥檛 be scared by some of the shacks, some look very rough and shady, just drive by and park in front of the one you want. We found #2 to be clean, friendly and noticed about 4 other families from Rio Mar there.If you like Mexican you must try Lolita鈥檚, it was so good we went back a second time. Food is authentic Mexican and cheap. For example tacos are $1.75 and the 2 burrito plate was $8. Maps and GPS didn鈥檛 have the location correct, if you head east on route 3, you must go about 2 miles past downtown Luquillo, it鈥檚 in a little strip mall next to Condom World.Parking, don鈥檛 waste your time with valet parking, it鈥檚 $30/day and it takes forever to get your car. Do the self park for $15/day. The rooms have the mini bar fridge left in the room but empty. Ours worked so we stocked up at the super market on route 3 and it kept everything cold.Sign up for Wyndham Rewards online before you go. You get free in room internet and a few other perks but make sure they take off the 14.95 daily internet charge when you check out. They try to slip it in to see if you aren鈥檛 paying attention.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>jandr04
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing, and overpriced My husband and I just returned from a 4-night stay at the Rio Mar. We are generally very adventurous, independent travelers and prefer someplace smaller with more charm, but decided to book at the Rio Mar because our top priority on this trip was to unwind and we wanted someplace both on the beach and with a spa. After 4 nights at the Rio Mar, we definitely felt relaxed!PRO:Great location (10 minutes from the El Yunque Rainforest), right on the beach, two pools (one is adults only), friendly and helpful staff, on-site spa, very family friendly.CON:Very expensive. We got discounted rooms through Priceline, otherwise, we would never have stayed here. Prices in the restaurants, bars, and spa are outrageous, especially after taxes and resort fees are added. A buffet breakfast for two, with taxes and tip came out to $50. And 50 minute massages, with taxes and tip, were $150. We ate virtually all our meals at local restaurants (the concierge had menus and printed directions for almost every local eatery).Overall, a great vacation. I would recommend the resort to anyone looking to relax or traveling with kids. Definitely become a Wyndham Rewards member. Even though the resort can't give you Reward points if you book through a third party, they still honored the room upgrade and put a fruit plate in the room at check-in.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>jimmyo12003
<Content>great stay We had a great stay, thought the hotlel would not be wuite as nice. We had a great time, would not recommend renting a car. Great resort, but no all inclsive, food a bit pricey, but very good and abundant. You should sign up for the wyndham rewards, it's free and you get free internet and some extras.Nike had mlb players staying there at the resort which was a huge thrill to meet a few of them as a baseball fan. Top notch resort would definately go back.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>rjolie123
<Content>Very nice hotel- Drinks were expensive       entrance of hotel  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>hooventood7
<Content>very nice hotel but dissapointed with concierge staff I have worked as a concierge in many 5 star hotels so I know what is going on behind the scenes at the concierge desk and I was not impressed at how they were operating. We were there only one day and night and my wife and I wanted to take a bioluminescent kayak tour that evening, but the concierge staff said their tour did not run on that particular day. Now I know for a fact that there are many tours that operate not just the one they use, (probably gives them the most commission, I know this as I am a concierge) but they flat out refused to book another one, or call another one on my behalf, or even provide me with the numbers. They acted like they were not aware of any others but any 5 star hotel concierge would know this. I paid to use the internet myself and paid to call from the room. Even though they would not get any commission they still have to help me find another tour. Worthless and upsetting.However the hotel was beautiful and my room was lovely and large despite paying very little. And the Front desk staff was nice as well. Doorman were lazy  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mikeamy
<Content>wonderfull We booked this using points with wyndham vacationswe were going to stay one night but didn't want to leaveand stayed for twoDont know how anyone can give a negative reviewAt check in we were upgraded from garden view toocean view at no costRoom had 2 queens, large flat panel cable tv andwell decorated beds were very comf.the view was unbeleivableResort was well staffed and was A+ very polite Live intertainment at beach bar even on a Wed. nightHardly anyone at beach, lounge chairs aval. we even laid out in the hammocks at the beach edgePools were very nice and clean A+Even the pool towels were top notchWe felt very safe at resort We didn't eat at resort mainly because of other reviewsstating very $ but resturants were packedSo many places to dine within 10-20 mincasino was fun,didn't lose muchshops were very expensivego into old san juan to shopThis was our 5th year going to PRand plan on staying next year at rio marAgain I dont know how anyone can give a bad reviewto rio mar I'm glad we didn't lisen to them  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>djaganna
<Content>Bad experiance during and after checkout I stayed in this hotel from october 17-23, 2008. I was attending a scientific meeting and had booked my stay using office credit card. Initially I had given my personal credit card for booking the room. During the check out I requested them to charge the lodging to my office credit card which they did. However, when I received my statement from my personal credit card, I found they had charged 2 days of lodging my personal credit card too. I tried to call Wydham Rio Mar but the people from accounting never bother to answer. I called my credit card company to place that charge as disputed and am still waiting for Wyndham Rio Mar to call me back. So far they have not responded. It is shame that such a big hotel has problem responding to real complaints.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>TravelBe
<Content>LOVE Puerto Rico!       Friendly people  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>swim1Philadelphia
<Content>nothing to bring us back We were glad we read the reviews before we went to PR and signed up for the Wyndham rewards. The outside grounds and pool areas were beautiful and clean at all times. The inside of the hotel was sooo cold and the rooms were average. We had an ocean view. Many people had trouble with their room cards and trying to unlock their doors.One time we made 3 trips down to front desk until it worked. Then later in the week, the cards failed again.The cappucino colored sand beach was semi-clean ( a lot of straws and buried cups) right in front of the main entrance to the beach but a short distance (yards away) it was very dirty with vegetative debris, broken glass, washed up pots and pans, a guitar, a snorkel and mask and latex gloves. The hotel rented water sports equipment in this area.There is a sign as you enter the sand that you are off hotel property and there are no lifeguards on duty. A local man, 29 yrs old,drowned in that area as we arrived. His pregnant fiance was saved but some people we talked to who were there said there was not much effort made to save him. Be careful in the water. It is the Atlantic Ocean and there are jellyfish, also.The rainforest is gorgeous. Depending on how you walk to the falls, the path is very narrow (16-18). It is paved but if you walk down the river trail, it is steep and slippery with moisture and moss. Our guide told us he has fallen in every type of shoe he has worn. Leaving the falls and going the same direction, the path was dry and uphill. We had more time to look around and not worry about our footing.Book your kayak trip to the bioluminescent bay through the concierge. The price is the same as doing it on your own and you have very reliable guides(5 of them) and they are very concerned with your safety. Water is not deep most of the way but it really is dark. The experience is wonderful.The food we had was very average. Chicken pot pie and meatloaf on a menu at the hotel left us scratching our heads. Were we in PR? Our meal at the Italian restaurant at the hotel was 5 star. All other food, including our meal at Richie's was just ok.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>hookedonvacation
<Content>Great place to relax, unwind and have fun! Decided to go to Puerto Rico on a last minute trip with my wife and son. We went to the Wyndham and had a super time! The beach is the best - one mile long. all we did was sit and relax on the beach - the water was 85 degrees and the waves were not too rough but rough enough to enjoy! I have been to may paces and the staff is extremely warm and friendly. Service at the beach and in all of the restaurants was excellent. Lunch at the Tikki bar was great every day - they have the best grilled corn on the cob. We had dinner one night in Marbella and one night in Palio's. Palio's was fantastic! The lobby bar had nightly entertainment and the resort was busy so we had fun meeting people at the bar. The casino is also very nice. The weather was really good - 4 days of full sunshine. We had a room with a balcony overlooking the ocean. Beds are great! Flat screen TV's with HD! I would definitely recommend this resort - our 15 year old son also loved it. He is a avid skim boarder and said the sand was the best.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Buzztravel
<Content>Fabulous Family Resort! Our family of four stayed at the Rio Mar this past week, during Teachers Convention break, when the kids were home from school. It was a quick three-day break - Thurs - Sat. - with my 11-year old daughter and 9-year old son. My husband and I were delighted with the accomodations (perfect for a family); the activities (great family pool, adult pool and beach); and great restaurants (the right cuisine for adults and picky-eater kids). Most importantly, the service levels for this type of resort was outstanding! We were delighted with the can-do attitude of everyone from the waiters and housekeepers, to the managers who checked that everything was satisfactory. How can we make your stay more enjoyable, was a phrase I heard often. Although we were looking foward to a little rest and relaxation (I finished two books in three days - and enjoyed a hike through the Rain Forest), we were pleasantly surprised with how pampered we felt. The rooms were clean and well-appointed with amenities, and we never came back to an unmade room. Our room always had fresh towels for all four of us, and the sheets were crisp, comfortable and clean. The view of the ocean was delightful, as was falling asleep to crashing waves. It was pouring rain on our last evening, and I was afraid that a packed hotel restaurant would mean uneven service - but again I was delighted to find our dinner excellant and the service prompt and reliable. The Puerto Rican specialties for my husband and myself was delicious, and our kids delighted in juicy hamburgers and mac n cheese. The breakfast buffet was robust, and well-priced. ($6 for the kids' breakfast buffet - I hate paying full price when my 9-year old only wants a bagel, cereal, orange juice and chocolate milk!). I would strongly recommend the Rio Mar to our friends. Quite frankly, I was surprised at the mixed review that this resort has earned. We travel as a family at least 6 times each year (mini-vacations and weekends), and this was among the best experiences we have had this year.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LAGIRL74
<Content>Wonderful experience We just got back from a week stay at the Rio Mar Resort and we had an amazing experience. Service was excellent, the beach was fun, clean with all of the ammenities, the pools are grand with a waterfall and hot tubs. We were upgraded to a suite upon arrival and greeted with a gift of drinks, fresh fruit and cheese and crackers, the night before we left we were once again treated to a thank you gift. The spa was beautiful and service was great, and the grounds were immaculate, the concierge desks is huge and they give you perfect driving direction to all of the attractions. We had an amazing time and would certainly recommend this beautiful hacienda style resort to all.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lv2travlChantilly
<Content>Enjoyed my stay at the Wyndham Rio Mar       View of Beach and Pool Area from room  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>go4word
<Content>Sadly Disappointed I was so excited to go with my family but left very disappointed and vowing to avoid any Wyndham Hotel ever again. There are cobwebs on the lamps at the Concierge desk, 80% of the hotel staff were downright rude, the beach was pointless and dirty, the hotel room and bathroom lighting were TERRIBLE so I had to do my makeup each morning on the porch with the sunlight, room noise was bad, there are ZERO vending machines so you can't get a coke/snack, light fixtures in our room were missing light bulbs, we requested a rollaway (never got it), and the shower has NO water pressure. Not to mention that the maid didn't actually clean the bathroom very well. Carpets within the hotel were dirty and stained and the food was average, if not plain boring. Whoever heard of mac and cheese with no cheese? The surrounding foliage is beautiful and the Iguana feedings are definitely a highlight! I know Wyndham and Super 8 Motels are owned by the same people and I have to say, it was just a dressed up Super 8. Spend your money at the Mariott or Hyatt where you and your family will be treated like a guest, not a herd of cattle.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>AliceinOttawa
<Content>Outstanding is the word! We just returned from 7 days at the Rio Mar resort. It was truly exceptional. The resort itself is stunning and the staff take great pride in it. The many common areas, lounges, bars, pool areas etc are well cared for, the gardens are stunning and the service is wonderful. We found the staff helpful, knowledgeable and incredibly friendly and welcoming--from the front desk crew and shuffle drivers,to the cleaning staff and the servers. Our room looked out over the mountains and in the evening it is exquisite to sit on the balcony and listen to the coqui (the local tree frogs) and birds singing as they settle for the night. Food is expensive but there are other options if you look for them. There is a sandwich bar at the resort that makes for an easy lunch or light supper option. There is also a convenience store and bakery if you are willing to take a good walk out to the highway.The beach is lovely and the water is warm. The surf conditions are well indicated --high surf is NOT recommended for non-swimmers or small kids) and a tractor comes by in the morning to clean up the seaweed and coconuts and other debris from the night waves. The weather, even in hurricane season, was superb. Small rain stroms come in but quickly blow over.The resort can organize an excursion to El Yunque rain forest for you that is highly recommended. Our guide was Manuel and he was terrific--a Puerto Rican with a great sense of humour and strong knowledge of the rain forest and its wildlife. Would we go back? Yes--in a heart beat.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>threegraces7
<Content>Beautiful island - great food off of the resort My husband and I live in NYC and came here on our honeymoon. It was just what we needed as we are not typically beach people. If you are bored on the beach-- definitely take the tours! We found the casual restaurants to be a lot better than the more expensive ones. It makes little sense to have an upscale Italian restaurant in a touristy resort in Puerto Rico. These are not the most beautiful beaches- but it was quiet in the off season- and we enjoyed the iguanas. If you want good food (it's not especially cheap) then go to Richie's! The food and views are awesome! Mmm Mofongo!! The service was very good at the resort-- but the food- bleh! They need more carribean cuisine! Even Mexican would be much better than Italian!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CLBK
<Content>Mediocre I would have to say our time at Rio Mar was pretty decent overall. After reading some of the reviews on here, I knew where to go and what not to do. Since our package included airport transfers, this was great so we didn鈥檛 have to scramble or pay the ridiculous 30/trip/person. The van provided by the hotel was nice and clean, but smelled a bit funky. A/C was on full blast and the drive was about 35 minutes to the hotel around midnight.We did sign up from the Wyndham Rewards before we departed and this is a must! They are able to offer you free in-room internet, a welcome package of Babybel cheese, crackers, two sodas, and bottled water the first night. The Internet is removed when you check out, so make sure to have them do it. Unfortunately our package did not include continental breakfast, but when we checked in, they said we did, so it was annoying having to dispute this at the end. As far as the fridge goes, they informed us they used to have minibars, but they removed them recently. Having heard this, we opted for the fridge for $25 for our whole stay. They failed to mention the fridge of the minibar was still in the room, so we had this charge removed at the end of our stay as well. Unfortunately, they were not too friendly when we were checking out since we had a few charges to dispute. It鈥檚 not like it鈥檚 coming out of their pockets!We realized their concierge staff was hit or miss. One didn鈥檛 even speak English that well and directed us to go to Seven Seas beach in Fajardo when it was closed on Monday. It seems most beaches are closed on this day in PR. Luquillo beach right east of Rio Grande was closed as well, but we parked at the kiosks and walked on over after our meal at kiosk #60.Kiosk #60 had some really good super-sized empandas filled with beef or chicken. We also purchased a dollar of braised pork chunks, and a side of rice and beans. Pretty good overall! The hotel did suggest going to La Parilla, but we thought it was going to be tourist-laden, so we opted for #60 per our employee at Enterprise Rental. Rio Mar is a good drive from San Juan, but we booked our rental car via Enterprise in Fajardo online. We were picked up from our hotel since they offer 鈥淲e鈥檒l pick you up service鈥?and this was great since it ended up being only $60 for five days! Rio Mar offers Avis on site, but they of course were not able to beat our price quoted by Enterprise. After we dropped off our rental on the last day, they drove us back to the hotel, so we could catch our shuttle to the airport. This is what I call service!We drove to Old San Juan on our first day and the driving community in PR is a bit crazy, but not what I expected. Imagine bad drivers in the US not signaling. I drive in NYC, so this wasn鈥檛 too bad. We found FREE parking off Paseo de la Princesa next to a their main parking lot all the way in the back next to some office buildings. FREE is great! We took a walk around and got some great shots! One of our other days was devoted to driving to Ponce and this was a super scenic route! Once we got to Ponce, it was kind of a disappointed so most of the city reminds me of a bad Grand Theft Auto game. Okay, but I won鈥檛 be going back again. We had some ice cream at King Cream and guanabana was great. Back to the hotel. There were tiny little spider looking bugs, which crawled throughout our room and bathroom. Gross, but this didn鈥檛 bother us too much. The food is ridiculous and if you want a cappuccino from the ERL Caf茅, they are slow as hell! We saw numerous people leaving the line since they could not get it going. I will have to say the coffee here was much better than Marbella鈥檚.Palio was our last dinner and I ordered the scallop risotto in pesto. I wished they would鈥檝e cooked the scallops less since they ended up being a bit chewy. The clams and mussels in their tomato sauce was great! Overall food was crazy expensive here at the hotel and I wish there were other restaurants in the area.As for other restaurants, Richie鈥檚 was not great. The view was great, but that鈥檚 about it. We had a server who was not very smart and they must have had the worst coffee in the history of coffee. I ordered a monstrous churrasca, which was way too much food and kind of bland. We got bit up by mosquitoes and left with a dozen bites on my back and legs. I would suggest only coming here for a drink and taking pictures. Our server also propped his leg up on one of our chairs to watch football while we were dining and picked his nose, then checked to see if he had and debris on his finger afterwards. GROSS.The beach was kind of littered with debris from a previous storm, but they offer FREE umbrellas when you make your trek to your beach chairs. Highly suggested if you don鈥檛 want a sunburn since you鈥檙e pretty close to the equator. We took a trek out 20 minutes west off Rio Mar and found a really nice secluded beach with showers which branched off of these condo buildings, but we forgot water, so we drank from the shower! Hey, it鈥檚 not Mexico and I have a stomach of steel.Pool and hot tub are open 24 hours, so it was nice to maximize on the cabanas at night and watch the stars. Don鈥檛 go by the shore at night because you鈥檒l be bit up! We brought OFF with us so douse it!It鈥檚 not a bad hotel overall, but not the best. It was nice our room was upgraded to ocean front vs. ocean view per our ByRequest membership!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	2	3	4	

<Author>lenny0529
<Content>What a beautiful place!! What a wonderful place to stay!! The service was excellent, all of the staff was very nice  accomidating. It has valet parking. The restaurants were a little pricey, but nice so it was worth it. It is on the beach which was great, all we had to do was walk out the back  there it was. Two very nice pools, one for adults only. There is also a casino  a gift shop, as well as a golf course, but my husband  I don't golf so I can't tell much about it. It was very secure so that was nice. My husband  I can't wait to go back. I would reccomend staying here to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Eliza_P
<Content>Very Disappointing The main reason I chose this particular resort was the kids club, due to the activities they promote online, although the $75 per day per child (additional children are $65 per day) seemed high. When the reality is that other than 15 minutes spent feeding iguana鈥檚, the children are kept inside making bead bracelets and painting picture framers while their adult supervisors surf the internet, this was a poor choice. The rooms were clean, and the staff very friendly, but balancing that off was an unchanging menu (over a 10 day stay), $10.50 drinks (we went to a grocery store and bought a bottle for $12, which lasted the remaining 8 days), and spa rates were double what I happily pay in comparable resorts in Mexico - $90 for a pedicure, and $140 for a massage.I was horribly disappointed and obviously, will NOT be returning.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kateebeth
<Content>Puerto Rico 2008       Beach  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>JasonMartin
<Content>Awesome! My wife and I had an amazing stay! I have to admit that I was very skeptical based on the price that we paid off of a discount travel website ($399 per person for 4 nights including direct airfare from Atlanta). Needless to say I was blown away. This hotel is awesome- beautiful grounds, nice clean rooms, directly on the ocean. A couple of tips (1) sign up for Wyndham Rewards before hand so that you get the freebies (wine, fruit, etc.) (2) Take the vacation club tour - it is 2 hours usually offered by the employees handing out towels at the pool and it is basically a time share pitch, but not high pressure and we got a free couples massage in the hotel spa and a free 4 night vacation to another Wyndham resort and did not buy anything (3) rent a car, you will save big money on the taxi shuttle fairs from the airport and to all the sights and restaurants around the island. (4) Old San Juan, El Yunque Rain Forest, and the local cuisine are musts (try Antojitos Restaurant (sp.) 鈥?make a left out of the resort and it is on your left before you get back to Rt. 3 excellent beans and rice, awesome service, and cheap compared to Richie鈥檚 Restaurant at the top of the hill which is an absolute rip off! (5) Feed the iguanas at the resort at 11AM everyday鈥o cool.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MisterNO_NYC
<Content>Nice beach resort in Rio Grande / El Yunque area.       Front of the hotel from the pool  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>poisonivy097
<Content>VIP treatment I really loved this hotel       THIS WAS THE FRONT OF THE HOTEL VIEW  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stonecroft
<Content>Excellent Stay My Wife and I spent 6 days 5 nights at the Rio Mar in October 2008. We had a great time and weather was fantastic. The grounds of the Rio Mar are spectacular. Booked deal through a discount website and for the price well worth the money (flight, room and transfers for total of $1,500). We both feel that Puerto Rico gets a bum rap in the States. The island is beautiful and the people were very friendly and just a 3.5 hour flight from the New York area. A great alternative in the Caribbean. We rented a car for two days and toured the south (Drive the coast road to Ponce) of the island and Old San Juan, not to be missed. The Rio Mar is not a 5 star property but it is not a 3 star. However, the food and drinks at the Rio Mar are at five star prices: $20 for two drinks; $45 for lunch for two. Not outrageous because we read other reviews and knew what to expect. The front desk staff was great. Asked for an upgrade at check in and was given an ocean front suite at no charge. Go to Richie's Cafe one night, prior to sunset, for the view, WOW. They will pick up and drop off. The food was OK. Bring bug spray. We highly recommend the Rio Mar and plan on returning in the near future.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cvilledmr
<Content>Pretty nice but not paradise. My wife and I, both 40-ish, recently stayed 3 nights at the Rio Mar, as part of a multi venue tour of PR. We targeted Rio Mar because of it's proximity to the Carribean National Forest (El Yunque).Positives: Beautiful grounds surrounding the hotel. Nice pools, one for adults only. Very nice common areas in hotel with pretty views out the huge beach-side windows. The in-hotel restaurants, Shimas and one Italian place (cannot remember name, but starts with a P, Palia?), were surprisingly very good. Great location for El Yunque exploration! All staff we encountered were wonderfully friendly and helpful, eager to assist and please.Negatives: The food at the tiki bar is terrible! This opinion was unanimous among all the guests we befriended, actually a humourous bonding topic. The tiki bar drinks are very week and over priced. The terrible tiki phenomenon is particularly bothersome to folks who would like to take full advantage of the outdoors, day and night. We fealt like we were forced in doors for good food and drink. The rooms are pretty small, but are nice enough, many having ocean views. For those expecting a postcard tropical beach, you'll be disapointed that the sand is brown and the water is not the carribean ocean turqouis that you fantasize about, it's variable but often green-brown, much like the east coast of the US above Florida (I grew up in Virginia Beach). Finally, and this may be the case with all large hotels, this place seems to cater to conventions (there were three professional groups there during our stay, in large numbers).  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>soxfanChicago
<Content>Excellent experience at Rio Mar I just came back from Rio Mar. It was wonderful. We had an ocean view room on the 7th floor. At first our bell man opened the door, we realized there was only one bed when we had requested two. Within minutes our room was changed. Due to reading several posts here, we opted to have our driver stop at a grocery store where we purchased rum, beer and snacks. This saved us alot of money. We took a cooler to the pool everyday and noone bothered us about it.We practically had the resort to ourselves as it was at only 33 percent capacity. We stayed Mon thru Sat. By Friday it awas at over 70 percent.We did not rent a car but hired drivers recommended to us by some of the staff at the tiki bar. Thank you Scenia and Edward!We went to the Rain Forest, which I highly recommend, and to Loquillo beach where you can walk to the infamous kiosks. Speaking of kiosks, this review would not be complete without mentioning the two that we visited. La Parilla, #2 and El Jefe's, #12. La Parilla is a bit more on the finer dining side, but well worth it with it's authentic food. I can not say enough wonderful things about #12. Fresh ground Burgers, Fresh baked buns, hand cut fries with El Jefe cheese sauce, beautfully decorated, reasonably priced, and the nicest owners you will ever meet besides Richie, the owner of Richie's. He deserves a review of his own!Our last night we saved for a dinner at Richies at the top of the hill. They provide a free shuttle from Rio Mar, which was very nice. The view was beautiful. The food was delicious. I recommend the flank steak. Since I am from Chicago and the Sox were in the playoffs, we decided to move and sit at the bar and have dinner, that's where we met Richie. What a character! He made us feel so special and welcome that had I gone there the first night, I probably would have spent every evening up there. We had a blast.All in all, i would highly recommend this hotel for travelers who want sun, surf and chillaxing!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Josie11Ny
<Content>Loved It , Very pleased !! I thought everything about this Hotel was wonderful. The room was very nice, comfortable beds and a great view of the pool.The restaurants were excellant, a little pricey but thats how it is when you go on a vacation and stay at a nice resort. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. I Loved it, I cant wait to go back !!!Long Island NY  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brian11375
<Content>Very enjoyable stay We visited Wyndham Rio Mar towards the end of September in 2008. Overall I would rate the experience very good. I would not consider it a 鈥榣uxury鈥?hotel (ala Ritz or Four Seasons), but it certainly is far and away better than your average hotel. We didn鈥檛 experience any of the extreme negatives that some of the other reviewers ran into.Our trip was booked through CheapCaribbean.com The experience starts when you drive in the main gate at the top of a hill, and you get an incredible view of the resort and the ocean. As you drive to the main building, you see the golf-course and very well-manicured landscaping. Like some other people reported, the self-parking was a little hard to find (even in daylight), but that鈥檚 just because of poor signage. It is actually in a good location, and easy to use. Not only do you save $5/day (plus the tip you鈥檇 give to a valet), but I suspect that you鈥檙e probably in your car quicker than if you used the valet.On a side note, the rental car is well worth it (we picked up our Avis car at the airport - $200 (including taxes and fees) for 5 days). When you factor in what the hotel would charge for the round-trip hotel to the shuttle ($30 per person, each way), it鈥檚 not much more to have your own car 鈥?especially If you want to leave the hotel for any sightseeing on your own (rain forest, Old San Juan, local restaurants). Don鈥檛 think you can walk any place 鈥?it鈥檚 probably close to two miles from the front-door of the hotel to 鈥榯own鈥?(it鈥檚 probably a mile just from the front door to the main gate).Our check-in was quick and easy, with no hassles. I politely inquired about an upgrade (from ocean-view to ocean-front), and after some discussion was given one at no charge. The room is nothing extraordinary, but very nice (clean, decent size, nicely decorated), but with a magnificent view, and a terrace with 2 chairs and a table. It includes a dresser, a desk, flat-screen TV, cordless phone, stall shower and bathtub, mini-bar, safe, good-size closet, hair dryer, iron and ironing board, Internet connection ($14/day) and chair/ottoman to relax in.We found the staff to be friendly, polite, professional, and eager to help (this includes everyone from concierges to house-keeping staff). However, at the concierge desk, it seemed to be hit or miss about how much they knew regarding the various tours. We never ran into any crowds at the pool, the restaurants, or the Casino. In fact, all the facilities seemed to be pretty sparsely used, and there were even some empty tables at the Casino (black jack tables start at $5). Of course, this is probably largely due to the fact that we went in the off-season.The hotel offers a number of tours/excursions (snorkeling, rain forest, trip to Old San Juan, Bio Bay, etc.). One of my disappointments was that info about tours was not really comprehensively presented with sufficient detail, so you had to ask a lot of questions of the concierge (and like I said before, different people at the concierge desk seemed to have different pieces of info). However, they did advise us that we could save some money by using our own car. For example, the Bio Bay tour is $80 per person if you use the hotel shuttle, but we paid $52 by using our own car. Similarly, the hotel charges $38 per person for a trip to the rain forest, but if you drive yourself there is no cost (although the visitor鈥檚 center is $3/person). I did want to do snorkeling, but everything they had was a full day, and I would鈥檝e preferred something that was just 3-4 hours. While we were there, the concierge staff kept trying to get us to attend some sort of sales-seminar (in return for a 5-day/4-night stay at the Wyndham in St. John鈥檚) 鈥?but there was little pressure, and they stopped when we politely said 鈥榥o thanks.鈥?br/>Regarding food, I would agree with the others that it is good, but nothing special, and over-priced (probably on average of about 20%). For example, whether you do the breakfast buffet or order-off-the-menu, you鈥檒l pay about $19/head. A turkey club-sandwich was $12. We ate at Marbella鈥檚 several times (shrimp asapao was very good) and found the food to be good, and the service to be very-good (with a very friendly wait-staff). Palio鈥檚 was closed while we were there (apparently they close one of the restaurants during the off-season). We also ate at Shima鈥檚 (seafood power stew as appetizer, and filet mignon entr茅e was very good), the Tiki Bar and the Sea Breeze (both outdoor by the pool) and all were good. The hotel鈥檚 main bar is right in the main lobby. In the evening it can get kind of loud and some of the noise can be heard in the restaurants. A concierge recommended Richie鈥檚 restaurant, which we went to for dinner. The food was OK at best, but very pricey for a restaurant that has zero-atmosphere (it is essentially a large covered outdoor patio). It is located high on a hill and has a magnificent view. We鈥檇 recommend it for a drink in the afternoon, or during sunset, but certainly not for a real meal (and the view pretty much disappears after dark). However, it should be noted that Richie鈥檚 does offer free car service to/from the hotel.We don鈥檛 play golf or tennis, but if you do, it seems that these facilities here are great. I was disappointed that there doesn鈥檛 seem to be any of the usual beach activities available (jet-ski, banana-boat, para-sailing). This seems to be true of all the resorts in the area, and someone had mentioned that those sort of power-boats are prohibited to protect the coral. The pools and beaches were very clean and enjoyable. The slide at the pool is a lot of fun.You don鈥檛 need any Spanish within the hotel (except perhaps to talk to the ladies in housekeeping cleaning the rooms). However, if you are bi-lingual, the staff certainly seems to appreciate it.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>KingFisher10821
<Content>stay away from this place I was contacted by this hotel to come down to see about vacation ownership. When we got there and decided not to upgrade to an ocean view room, the very rude man who attended to us told us we were reserved for a garden view room. We said that was OK. He kept pushing the upgrade and we declined. We got the room keys and went down to the first floor. He placed us in the end room and the only view we had was that overlooking parked trucks alongside a road. Noise..noise...noise. We said OK we might stay there but then noticed stains in the bedding and an odor in the room. We called and told them the accommodations were not acceptable and asked to be moved and were told that someone would call us back shortly. After waiting for almost an hour without a call back, we called again and did speak to a lady who utlimately moved us to the sixth floor. The room was OK, just barely. There was only one problem. My partner starting itching on the first night. She overlooked it and we went and purchased alcohol and rubbed it on the back of her legs and her entire back. The second night, we really did not sleep but sat up most of the night. I called down to complain that there was something wrong in the room because we were both itching. No response and no one came. We slept the last night and when she got up next morning, I was itching but her entire back including buttocks, legs and arms were covered in welts. We went to the Front Desk and the lady said it must have been mosquitos and I had to affirm for her that mosquitos are not able to turn people over and only bite on the backs as they sleep. I again raised the issue when we were checking out and nothing happened. The clerks words to me, Well, we will have to send engineering to fumigate the room. While I was there, several other guests were complaining of being bitten up in the rooms. When we got home, we were informed that the bites seems to come from bedbugs, chiggers or some other form of insect. She had to, and is still taking medication to get relief from this scourge. There was never an apology given nor was an attempt made to resolve this issue. A related issue. I paid $250 for the privelege of allowing this property to attempt to sell me a timeshare. I would think that if you are attempting to schmooze someone, you would show them and give them the best you have. This was not the case. So for my $250, we caught hell. THIS IS THE WORST TIME I HAD EVER SPENT IN A HOTEL IN MY 50 years of traveling. We could hear dogs barking most of the night in some of the rooms and the floors were never really kept clean. We sat out on the beach cafe to have lunch and the no-seeums ate us and everyone else alive. One guy was asking why they were not spraying and the worker commented, we are accustomed to them. No one gave a hoot about customers.I would NOT recommend this property to anyone. Their customer service stinks. I also tried to make a reservation to play tennis with the pro while I was there. I made contact with the Concierge well in advance (2 weeks) and through several e-mails, he indicated that the pro would be in touch with me. After being there two days and not hearing anything, I went to the pro shop and told the young lady how unprofessional it was for a pro not to return a simple call. I was about to give this man $90 per hour to hit with me and I wanted to hit for about 4 hours. I never heard from him until I went there about 8:30AM and complained. I had called before I went down and when I got there, the young lady said he had gone to lunch. I guess lunch was more important than attending to a customer's needs. He did call around 4:00 PM to see if I wanted to hit. At about this time, I had had it with this property and everyone there. The internet did not work in the room where I was and I was promised someone would come and take care of it for me. That never happened. I had to go to the lobby and ride on the wireless to do what I had to do and most often, that did not work.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Dreaming
<Content>A bit of paradise Beautiful resort with great service. Very nice rooms and bath. The only complaint is that our room was over the parking garage and we could hear cars coming in and out all night. The beach is beautiful and the pools great. We had delicious meals in the restaurants. A wonderful time was had by all!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>NJSoccerMama
<Content>Rio Mar a beautiful resort My husband and I took our 18 year old son and his friend to the Rio Mar/Puerto Rico as a high school graduation present. The room was clean with a terrific view and the beds very comfortable. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The restaurants' food was good but expensive. There are many food options outside the resort and there is an excellent restaurant up the cliff from the resort called Richie's. The alcoholic drinks at any of the bars were very small and very expensive. We bought some beer from the outside and kept it on ice since the refrigerator was not working. It is best to rent a car giving you more flexibility but the hotel charges daily parking. The spa is very nice and relaxing. The golf courses were beautiful but expensive to use. The pools were not the cleanist and the staff had to be told several times to clean the scum accumulating near the steps of the adult pool. The beach was kept clean but you could not snorkel in the water since you can not see more than one foot in front of you. Nightlife is non-existent except for the casino. A nightclub with music would be nice. Overall, a very nice, quiet resort if you are looking for a relaxing vacation but be prepared to spend.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vacagal76
<Content>Depends on your expectaions My husband and I received a very low price from Wyndham to visit their resort and go to the 2 hour timeshare presentation. We accepted this offer and glad we did. Prior to going to Rio Mar, I read all the reviews on trip advisor. Some were very positive and some were very negative. So I hoped for the best and prepared for the worst. My conclusion to it all..... all the post are correct, but it depends on what your expectations are as to if you take a positive or negative experience away from the trip. My husband and I like to travel, but we travel on a budget. We typically stay somewhere low costs so we have money to spend on excursions.Here is what I saw from the hotel.... no pro or cons, just facts:1. Staff: very friendly, helpful, and spoke terrific English2. Room: a step above a standard hotel, but not anything fancy. Big bed, great AC, tub drained slow (but not clogged as last reviewstated),, fridge did not work, but some reviews stated it cost $25 to use it... we didn't ask. Everthing clean except for one stain on towel. I just threw that towel to the corner and didn't use. 3. Maid service: did a great job cleaning our room each day3. Pool: great adultpool and activity pool. This was a HUGE plus!4. Beach: It is my understanding that Puerto Rico does not ahve white sand beaches. The sand at the hotel is brown, but very soft. Debris from the ocean on sand, but Ike was passing to the north, so could have casued that. Wave were rough, but again Ike passing to the north.5. Lounge Chairs: lounge chairs avialable at pool and beach. Some are shaded by palm trees, others are in the open sun. Cabanas also available for rent. 6. Food/drinks: we only got drinks at the Tiki Bar the first night. $10 for a tropical drink. We headed to Walmart the next day and got our drinks, snacks, and a cooler. That saved alot of money. We were told there was a no cooler policy at pool, but we did not have a problem with the cooler at the beach. We ate a pizza from the bakery... $10 for personal pizza and it was not very good. I also ate a bagel, very good, from the bakery. It was about $5. There are plenty of places in the area to eat. There are fast food chains, along with local restaurants. We enjoyed La Parella (aka Kiosk #2) along Loquillo Beach. There are many restaurants at the resort also, but with resort prices.7. Attire: The casino requires a collared shirt for men. Some of the resort restaurants require slacks for men. 8. Casino: Fun, took a while to get a waitress to bring drinks (free if playing)9. Transportation/parking: $30 per person for one way from hotel/resort. If you plan to do things off the resort-- rent a car, much cheaper. It is easy to drive on the island. Our spanish is VERY poor but we managed to read the signs. Self parking was $15 per day. Valet was $20 per day. Self parking was easy. 10. Excursions: The resort offers many excursions, but at twice the price as local companies. 11. Extra fees at check out: There is are several taxes/fees that you pay at check out. Also be careful about phone calls. I made phone calls to various venders in nearby areas and it ended up being long distanse! $2.00/minute!!!!! Including the phone calls, I had an additional $50.00 to pay at check out. 12. Timeshare presentaion: Excellent experience. Very nice sales rep. Gave great information. Though we said no, he gave no pressure. 13. NIght life-- aside from casino, not a lot. This is a very laid back, quiet resort.Overall.... we had a good experience. This is not a 5 star resort. Know that going into it. I would stay here again, but I do not need lavish things. If you need to be pampered and spoiled, this is not for you. But if you do not need to be spoiled, and want somewhere to go where you can relax under a palm tree during the day and go to bed early at night..... try the Rio Mar.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>sebrinab
<Content>Nice and frequent deals on price Went there for a conference in July. My friend (not associated with the conference) accompanied. Although I only experienced the room, swimming pool, and beach while I was there (oh and conference facilities) I was very impressed. However, I feel like it may have been a little covered by just really liking Puerto Rico. Nice size rooms, clean baths and beds. They have wi fi. Our room had a great view of the beach. Did not like the fact that though the hotel is away from San Juan and nightlife and therefore requires car rental they charged for parking. But that is a beef I have with many hotels all over the country and abroad. Very close to the Yunque. Also, the food on site is not cheap(therefore making car rental advisable). I also recieved excellent service while there. When they do get busy however an in person request is more expeditious than a phone call. I am going again in December. I will update this review with more details and pictures at that time.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>asNYC
<Content>LOVED the Rio Mar Stayed here on the recommendation of some friends. We were looking for a low key resort experience at off season rates and Rio Mar fit the bill totally.This property was re-flagged about a year +/- ago from Westin so beds and bath are standard 'Heavenly' experience of that chain.Rooms are big and very clean, staff is extremely attentive - although a bit understaffed for how busy they were. Restaurants were good, but 'resort' pricing. Ditto pool menu and bars. Spa is run by Mandera - very good value, beautiful setting and excellent therapists.Terrific resort for kids - pool slide, water volleyball net etc, but they also have a quiet adult pool for those looking for a more romantic get away. Beach is nice - some waves but shallow so feels very safe. Casino is quite small and gets crowded. Staff are all extremely pleasant, helpful, understanding and accommodating. Looking forward to going back soon.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PearlAtlantaGeorgia
<Content>Never Again!! My husband and I have been blessed and fortunate to travel a few places over the pass few years. I don't think we are very picky...but comfort, safety and cleanliness is a MUST for us.I did my research prior to arriving at the hotel. There fore, I kinda was embracing my self for the worst and hoping for the best. The location of the hotel is great, it's bit hidden and secluded which is great if you want to just get away. We spend two nights in Old San Juan and wanted to spend the last two nights more relax.We checked in and everything went very well..My husband was confused at the direction that was given to him regarding the location of the self park. (huh!!). It's just not that easy and simple given that was our fist time at this hotel.I asked for an upgrade, since the hotel was not packed to capacity and we learned that 600 conventioneers checked out on the day we checked in. Yes we were given an upgrade to Ocean View. the view was gorgeous! Nothing else was great except for the view.Well.....the room was like a ice box, everything damp and freezing cold. We turned off the air conditioner, went out for dinner. Returned to the room and showered, shower drained clogged, bath towel filthy with hair.Oh my gosh!! How much worst can it possible get? Well..the room was now a bit warm. We attempted to turn the air on..it started to smoke and would not turned on. After calling the manager attention to it, he send two engineers to the room. The first one stated the shower drain was not clogged the water just moved slow!! huh!! The second engineer stated the motto in the air conditioned is going bad. He was very nice, he called and asked that we transfer to another room..this was now 1am @ night!!They send a bell hop, he was so great.(1:30am).He made a request for another upgrade for the inconvenience. He took us to another room that was supposed to be an upgrade !! Well, it was bigger room, but shower were still clogged..Air did work, rooms were not cleaned.The Bell Hop went and asked the manager on duty Jose to do something else for us for the inconvenience!! We honestly did not want any thing other than to hurry and get away from this place of flit! Jose offered us breakfast or lunch.We would not return if it was given to us for Free!The staff and people of the hotel was great and Friendly!! Jose was great in trying to make us feel better. That we were so grateful for and said a special thank you to him as a person.Rio Mar..No thanks..Aw-full!!!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	-1	4	4	2	

<Author>daisytcam
<Content>great staff, beautiful setting Just came back from spending a week there and i cannot say enough about the place. I'm a wyndham member so my room preference was all ready for me. The staff everywhere we went on the resort where very friendly, helpful and were actually quick with service which is unusual on an island (think island time).My room was on the west wing on the 5th floor and it was an ocean view. The fridge does not get cold so please keep this in mind before you spend money purchasing items that may spoil easily. I was not told this before check in so i only lost some milk for my morning coffee. Bottled water we kept on ice. We had a few ants by the coffee maker so we kept nothing on that table top. The bathroom had no vent so it got steamy quick during showers. I also thought the rainshower showerheads were overkill in a standard tub since most of the water hits the wall. That only works in shower stalls that have the space for it.The beach was very clean, with lounge chairs and umbrellas already set up for guests when you arrive in the morning. The two pools are side by side (adult and activity) which didn't keep the adult one too quiet since the water slide was right in the middle walkway of the two. The snacks poolside were very fresh and a good portion. They only do charge cards or you can charge it to your room which is great if we had known in advance not to carry cash/wallets to the pool/beach. We ate at the Marbella for a late snack one night and again to try the breakfast buffet. Spend the money on the buffet if you want a hot breakfast because it comes up to more if you order items seperatetly on the continental. We had $4 dollar bagels at the little snack stand right outside the casino mostly. We also ate at the italian rest.(Il Palio?) and it was a very good meal, good sizes (the veal parmegana covered the entire plate), very nice ambiance (low lighting, white table svc., piano player just outside the rest. entrance) and the price was very good for 3 adults with dessert. The tiramisu was on the small side but very fresh and one of the best i've ever had. One day, we even stopped by to see the iguana feeding alongside the front of the hotel. Casino is very tiny and dark i thought and i have no idea where they spent the millions to redocorate cause if that is new, i can only imagine what it was like before. I did valet the 1st night we arrived and then did self park for the rest of the time we were there. I would go back to this location. Rest fee is $30 per night.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jaimemel1
<Content>Overall good, with a few kinks The grounds of this resort are beautiful and well-manicured. Two pools, both gorgeous, and the beach was serene and peaceful. As soon as we got there, we noticed how friendly and hospitable the staff was. Always ready to help. We could see iguanas, turtles and koi in the pond from our balcony. The room was decent, no big problems but nothing spectacular. The concierge gave us good tips on getting around -- for example, he told us when it's more efficient to rent a car and explore on our own and when it's better to take the hotel-guided tours. (We did both.)The one drawback I noted was the food. My husband's meal at Marbella's was chewy, stringy shrimp that clearly was not fresh. The waitress graciously took that meal off our bill without us asking her to. We thought Palio's (Italian) would be better, but not so. My meal was largely tasteless and the lobster, again, was chewy and not fresh-tasting. Our server was pretty terrible, too. Inattentive, slow, pretty much incompetent. The best experiences we had with food were outside the resort. One was a takeout stand near El Yunque that we absolutely loved. All different kinds of tacos, corn meal sticks, fried greasy goodness. And back at the hotel, breakfast at Marbella's was much better than their dinner.I also wish the hotel would prepare its guests more adequately for the tours it offers. We took a kayaking tour to Bioluminescent Bay and really had no idea what to expect. It turned out great, but a few people brought young children, which was a mistake. A couple of the kids cried and fussed, which wasn't the most pleasant sound to hear when you're trying to enjoy the glowing waterway and appreciate the sounds and sights of nature. I think it would be better to discourage families from bringing children younger than 12.The hotel's on-site car rental was very convenient, so we rented a car for the day to take to Old San Juan. We had some trouble finding our rental car after making the arrangements. Oh, it's just down the ramp and to the right really meant you have to go on a scavenger hunt inside the (dark) parking garage to find a car you've never seen before. We relied on keyless entry for that. Then, trying to return the car at the end of the day was a hassle. The parking garage entrance was semi-blocked with a FULL sign. We had to circumvent the hotel twice to figure out where to park the car. We also think we should have been told that half the restaurants were closed. No indication anywhere before or during the trip that our choices were so diminished. After trying and failing to reserve a table at the Grille Room, we were directed to Iguana's Pub at the country club and were very impressed with the food, service and atmosphere. I believe this was a case of false advertisement and in that sense, we did not get what we paid for. But, overall, I'd say it was a pretty good vacation. Puerto Rico is a beautiful place to go and the resort has a lot of perks. I don't know if I'd return to the Rio Mar, though.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>prbaby
<Content>Gorgeous hotel! My husband and I, along with our three children stayed at the Wyndham from Aug. 18 to Aug 25th. I really love this hotel and its location.  Here are some tips: I recommend that you apply for the Wyndham By Request program. It provides you with various ammenities you otherwise would not get. On this trip we were welcomed with a $45.00 bottle of wine, water for the children and some snacks. Use this program if you are traveling with small children. By calling ahead and pushing my membership I was given a small refrigerator and microwave to use with no charge. (If you are going to fill up the fridge, I recommend that you shop at Amigo. I thought Walmart would be cheaper, but it really wasn't.) We were also given a room upgade-from resort view to ocean view. Although the restauraunts @ the resort are pricey, they are worth it, especially Palio. (If you plan ahead buy yourself an Entertainment Book for Puerto Rico and there are coupons in there for restaurants (buy one meal, get one free), tee times, and water sports. Also, be advised if you book through Orbitz, there is a $30 resort fee, that you don't learn about until you check out your portfolio on the TV. If you eat @ Antojitos down the hill, although the food is delicious, you will wait a long time, they don't give a bread basket and any extras you order, like extra beans you will be charged. Try Lolitas on Rt. 3, make a left down the hill. They have delicious inexpensive mexican cuisine. Please try the roadside huts by Luquillo Beach for some delicious alcapurrias and pina coladas.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>missyd819
<Content>Go somewhere else! I booked this resort because I received a magnificent deal from CheapCaribbean.com. That was my first mistake. We had room problems from day 1. My husband and I had left home at 5:30 in the morning to catch our flight. We were put into a room at the hotel with an air conditioner that was not working properly. Instead of just changing our room, they kept sending up the engineer. After 2 times, the engineer said he needed to change our thermostat. My husband had to go down stairs and request a room change at 10:00 at night b/c we wanted to sleep after a long day. They did not want to give us the room change either b/c they said they were fixing the problem by changing the thermostat. It was obviously going to take a little while. Finally, after requesting the manager, we got a room change.The rooms in Rio Mar are very standard. For a hotel that claims to be so luxurious, their rooms are far from it. They aren't all that clean. We found hairs and dust on our floors when we first walked in. There were stains on the carpets and sheets. The rooms are very plain. Nothing special about them at all.When I received my hotel bill to checkout, I had been charged for 2 nights of valet parking when my husband and I self-parked the whole week. When I asked them to change the bill, one of the girls at the front desk started speaking spanish to the other girl behind the front desk doubting my honesty about self-parking. Unfortunately for them, I understand Spanish very well and was very pissed off about the situation. Kelly, at the front desk, continued to argue with me saying it was not a big deal that she spoke spanish about me. I was very upset with her level of service and will be writing a letter to Wyndham corporate especially about her lack of customer service.Overall, I would say go somewhere else. Even though my husband and I got a great deal, it wasn't at all worth it. I have stayed at many better places in Puerto Rico. Don't let the Wyndham ruin your experience on this beautiful island.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>FitzD
<Content>Pleasant Stay at the Rio Mar We stayed Aug 14-18, 2008. Going in I wasn't sure what to expect. I had read both good and bad reviews on the hotel. So, we got there and the rental car experience (airport) was a little messy but we made it down Rt 3 to the Rio Mar. The hotel and grounds are nice. Two golf courses. The lobby area is pleasant. There is a bar in this general area, that gets croweded with adults at night (esp weekends). There is also a small casino at the hotel. The Concierge was helpful in finding local restaurants. Wireless internet is available in the lobby area. There are 4 computers for use by all in the lobby area too.We were upgraded to a Jr Suite, which my wife enjoyed. I did take the advice from a review on this site to join the Wyndham rewards program before we went. The upgraded room was nice. Terry robes in the closet, flat panel TV, King size bed, large sitting area. We even received a bottle of wine with cheese and crackers. The Bed was turned down every night of our 5 day stay. The bathroom was clean and up to date (my pet peeve). The pools were nice. An adult only pool and others, plus a slide. The beach is very close. We enjoyed a nice long walk. The sand is not clean but its not dirty with trash. Just some minor things that wash in from the ocean- small pieces of wood, etc. It is a public beach, that is occupied by resort guests mostly. There are chairs and umbrellas available to use. There is security to get into and out of the resort. The weekend use, on the beach, was higher than weekdays. We ate breakfast at Marbella's one time (at hotel). Price was 20.00 pp. It was good with a large selection. We also ate at Richie's, LaParella's, and the restaurant on the corner of Rt 3, just down from the resort. The prices at local places are anywhere from $10-$15 pp. The food good and the portions large. The dining areas are all outside, so dont expect AC while dining at local places. I recommend Richie's for the view from the mountain. There is also all the regular fast food places in Loquillo and Fajardo, just east on Rt 3. We visited the large mall in San Juan and the outlet stores at Rt 3  66. Visit the rain forest. It was a good day. You will need time to enjoy everything and hike to the larger waterfall, if you want. You can drive the entire thing and get out to walk certain areas- falls, sight towers. Old San Juan was good. Lots of history. Have to go back and finish that tour.One drawback- not easy to access water sport activities. Were given a sheet and prices at concierge but never received a return call. Oh, and if you plan to do a lot, outside the resort, sharpen up on the Spanish. All traffic signs are in Spanish. I do recommend having a car if staying here. Valet parking is $20 a day and self is $15 per day. We used valet just for convenience. There were other events at the hotel which made self parking a little crowded.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Pegasusnb7
<Content>Nice Resort, Pretty Grounds, Overall Pretty Good This was our first stop on our honeymoon and the resort was a perfect place to relax and unwind after the wedding. We had a double queen room on the bottom floor and we didn't face the ocean, but we didn't really care. Our room had a refrigerator that looked old, but worked fine. In theory, there was an extra charge for using the fridge, but they didn't assess it on us. The bathroom was very nice and spacious with a lot of counter space. The front desk was very nice and helpful during check-in and check-out and we only ate in one of the on-site restaurants (Marabella), but our waitress was very nice and helpful. The two separate swimming pools are great; one for families and one for adults only. Our adults only pool was a great place to relax. The beach is great looking and the water is just the right temperature without being too hot or too cold. There are tons of sand dollars living on the bottom of the ocean right there, so that was pretty cool to see. The resort has two workers assigned to get you an umbrella and chairs for sitting on the beach, which is really nice. The tiki bar outside is just as expensive inside with a pina colada running about $11 each. The beach does need cleaned a bit more often to remove the cigarette butts, but if everyone was diligent about removing their own trash there wouldn't be a problem.Two complaints about the resort are parking and computer access. The self-park garage requires you to take a ticket when you park. Take the ticket with you because you have to stop at the valet's desk out front of the hotel to have them validate it before you can leave and take your car out of the parking lot. We ended up paying only $20 in parking despite being there for 4 days, so I don't know how that worked. Hauling the ticket around is a pain and they should really have someone working the exit booth of the garage. The only other complaint was computer access. The resort has four computers set up so that you can access the internet during your stay if you don't have your own laptop. I loved the idea, but you had to pretty much glare at the teens, pre-teens, and kids that were camped out on the computers without parental supervision. Eventually, one would disengage from Facebook and let you use the computer for 3 minutes. Where were the parents of these kids??We did the rainforest and liked it except for how busy it was. Lots of people everywhere. Note to travelers: wear a bathing suit to the rainforest. We apparently didn't get that memo and didn't realize you could hop in whatever water you want. It also rained twice while we were hiking and a bathing suit would have been better than a shirt and shorts. We also did old San Juan, which was cool to see, but the parking was a nightmare. We ate at Richie's Cafe up the hill from the resort and found it to be overpriced for the food, but the view is nice and they do have some authentic Puerto Rican cuisine on the menu.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>gadget57
<Content>Treated us like we were one of their family! People who are in the hotel business love referring to the racket they operate as the Hospitality Industry and to their brick and mortar as accomadations. I am sure most travelers would agree that the vast majority of hotel operations are neither hospitable or accomadating. The folks at the Rio Mar appear hell bent on bucking the standards of their own industry and actually treating the customers as....well, guests. My wife and I arrived after mid-night Saturday morning two weeks ago. This was after the airline had postponed our flight repeatedly for more than 14 hours before taking off. Once airborne an on-board medical emergency forced our plane to divert to Albuquerque, NM for 2 hrs. We arrived in San Juan only to learn that after 32 hrs in the same clothing, our suitcases were sitting in Las Vegas and would not be in Puerto Rico to the following night. We drove in a down-pour to the Gran Melia where we had pre-paid for our accomadations. There they informed us that our suite would not be ready for another 24 hrs and that they had no other rooms available. So a day and a half into what should have been 8 hrs of travel, we found ourselves pulling onto the property of the Rio Mar.Dead tired, dirty, agravated, and feeling pretty low, just as we turned into the Rio Mar a rather large crab with its comical sideways walk meandered across the path of our car. Mr. Crab took his sweet time crossing all the while it appeared that he was smiling and enjoying our meeting each other. We had our first chuckle in two days.Inside we began the check-in process. The desk clerk was already aware that we were dis-placed from the Gran Melia. She offered us the lowest rate available of $189 + tax, about $230 for the night. She then did something that most in business fail to do and this is to listen. Hearing us talk about overnight in the airport, the diverted flight, our lost luggage, the Gran Melia hotel fiasco, ect. she began pounding away at her keyboard. The clerk said that the Rio Mar wanted to help put an end to the suffering we were enduring on the trip and that they were giving us a complimentary up-grade to a suite. A bit more typing and she said that she was able to give us a complimentary late check-out to 3:00 PM (I'm sure there is a fee normally associated with this, the Gran Melia charges $150 for a late check out).She and the other desk clerk got a large bag and filled it with just about every imaginable toiletry article that we might need.So here's the whole ball of wax. The suite was very nice, with those large plush bathrobes that one expects to find in a top hotel. The property itself was lavish and along the lines of any 5-star resort. Room service was called around 3 AM and they also were prompt and courteous. The Rio Mar has all of the amenties one would expect to find.If this is your first trip to Puerto Rico then get ready to have a blast. I did notice that the concierge desk at the Rio Mar was heavily staffed and ready to assist their guests, so they can give you a bunch of tips for your visit.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>agianjewell
<Content>Just Back From the Rio Mar We just returned from the Rio Mar. Our room was very nice, high ceilings, with a ocean view. We found the bed very comfortable, with a nice selection of pillows. The staff was very helpful. Jesus at the concierge desk was very helpful. Had the hand and foot ritual at the Spa. It was a splurge, but I really enjoyed it. We rented a car and did a little exploring. What they say about the Puerto Rican drivers is true! They are truly an aggressive bunch of drivers. Motorcycles zip between lanes. You must use your best defensive driving skills here. We went to the rainforest (it was, OK. )I was dissapointed that we didn't see very many birds or critters of any kind! We took the big tree trail to La Mina falls.We were told it was a flat trail. Wrong! It was up and down hills.When we arrived at the falls, it was so packed with people, we couldn't even dunk our feet in! We also went to Las Plaza Americas, the big mall. It was a very nice, large mall, with all the same stores we have in the States. We ate at the resort. TheItalian restaurant was very pricey, but very good. The bread waswonderful. I had the chicken marsala, and it was very good.My husband had the raviolli stuffed with butternut squash. He said it was like eating desert for dinner. Marabella restaurant was much better priced. We ate there several times and everything we ordered was good. Try the ribs, they had a guava BBQ sauce on them. If you are lucky, you can get served byVladamir. He was good at describing the Puerto Rican dishes. We went out of the resort and up to the top of the hill to Trepas(?).Inexpensive Puerto Rican food with a great view. We had a little difficulty getting the waiter to understand what we wanted, but with some pointing at the menu (in spanish and english), we were able to communicate. The pool area was great. There were plenty of lounge chairs. A very nice waitress strolls through frequently to bring you drinks and snacks. The casino was small, but fun. Lots of 5 cent slots.I didn't see anyone winning much, but it was something to do in the evening. Overall, we had a very relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>docoliver
<Content>There is bad, then there is the Wyndham! Average rooms. There are some good restaurants but their Sea Food Place Shimas is a real disaster. The salad dressings are worse than the ones you could buy at a local grocery store from Kraft. The food was not even seasoned, just imagine a 5 year old cooking a lobster and that is what you should expect from this place. There where video/audio monitors at the Gym but you have to provide your own headphones, I have traveled the world and never seen a hotel miss such little details. The rooms where noisy. Beds OK. Internet access is plug-in, but not plug  play. You need a computer degree to figure it out.I definitely recommend staying at El Conquistador or Caribe Hilton for a better experience and superb restaurants.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>cheapguy23
<Content>Pretty good for the price!!!! Well this hotel wasnt bad for the price. Let me explain. I am one who goes to timeshare presentations, because they offer you a nice trip for a low price. Now for 5 days I paid $495. When I went to our timeshare presentation, the person said we had a great deal coming here because the usual rate for the room we were in was $418 a nite!!!! WOW. I would have been mad if I paid that amount for the room, but since mine come out to about $100 per nite, I was very happy. PROS: The hotel is big. Huge. Emormous. We had a rental car and it takes about 3-4 to drive out to the main road from the parking lot. If you golf this is a dream resort. We went for a get -away just to relax, and we did. We got an Ocean Suite after check-in(I didnt have to bribe or prompt anyone either). The room was very nice and clean. Flatscreen, internet ready and a beautiful! view of the pool and ocean. The breeze was great. Nice little balcony to hang out on. The pool is big and clean and a joy to swim in. It has many restaurants, we only ate at one. The Marbella was nice, we only ate breakfast there. The buffet was $20 pp, but it came w/ everything. Omelet station, pastrys, fruit--you name it. So I guess the price wasnt too bad. Overall, the Rio Mar wasnt too bad. I have stayed in better hotels, but this was a nice one to hang out in if you are with the family. On Saturday nite, the lobby is decked out in candles, there was a guy playing guitar and later on a little Spanish band played while the people danced. That was cool to see. CONS: Ok the bad. Even though the hotel decor was nice, you could see where the exterior needs touching up. This building seems like it has been here for a while. While paint isnt falling off, it could use renovation. Also, the beach is DIRTY! Although the beach is off the property and public, you would think since guests were there you would clean it up. Full of cig butts, straws, cups, and other small things. I had to watch my step. But the sand is soft and water clear. There are a few vendors on the beach where you can rent a kayak or other sports, but not too many water sports at the resort. You have to go off site and pay like $80-100 for those. As with hotels everything is double in price, whether its bagels, muffins or water. The drinks are small and cost $10(they are good though). Two big things I hated was parking. $20 per day for valet, $15 for self park. Fortunately for me the lot was full for self park, so their other lot the gate didnt work, so most of the trip I didnt pay for parking. I think I paid only one day. Also, you know when you check in they place a hold on your credit card for incenditals. Usually 2-300 bucks right? These jokers placed $900 hold on mine!!! They said there system was set up that way, they cant help it. I was [-] because 1. No one told me that at check-in, 2. Who places almost a $1000 block on people's credit card? Between that and the car rental, I had $14 credit left. Fortunately, I had some more cash I could have used. So all in all a nice vacation. It is an expensive resort, so bring some cash if you want to eat/drink there. I would suggest renting a car, becuase its far from the airport, and if you want to go off the property, you'll need it, unless you are a professional hiker. They charge for transportation everywhere, so even though parking is $15 bucks, I would pay for convenience. All the major car rentals are off-site from the airport, so just reserve on-line and take a shuttle there. The El Yunque rainforest is very close, so drive there and its free. Also Richie's restaurant is nice, good food at a restaurant overlooking the mountains. Very romantic, about a 5min drive from the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	3	3	

<Author>GeorgiaFreqtrav
<Content>Do not rent from Resort Villa Rentals! We rented an Ocean Villa from Resort Villa Rentals. During our stay we had a group enter our condo with a key claiming to have rented the same condo, repair men in our condo 5 of 7 days until the concierge finally told us the problem would not be fixed until after we left, broken air conditioners, broken freezer, no washcloths, and numerous other smaller problems. Xavier and Beby would not return our phone calls or emails. I have been unable to reach them since we have returned home. Security is deplorable and this company is completely unresponsive to problems. I expected basic appliances to be functioning (i.e. the refrigerator and freezer) but they were not. I highly recommend visiting Puerto Rico but DO NOT rent from Resort Villa Rentals.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amy01NewYork
<Content>Loved the Rio Mar Resort My family (husband, 13 year old and 18 year old daughters) stayed at the Wyndham Rio Mar Beach Resort in Puerto Rico for a week (8/08) and loved this place. The grounds are beautiful, the landscape is maintained meticulously, the pools are comfortable and clean and the hotel is beautiful and easy to navigate. We stayed on the 4th floor and never had to wait for more than one minute for the elevator, at any time. The staff were always helpful and pleasant. The water aerobics instructor, Anna, was great and she got the pool hopping every day at 1. The hotel is right on a beautiful beach and my husband and I really loved walking in the morning on the serene sands. There is a river not too far off, that flows into the ocean, with water from the rain forest and we saw a sea turtle in that area. The rooms were kept clean, the beds were very comfortable and the views were great. There is really little to complain about except the food is very expensive, nothing to write home about and there is no entertainment for teens at night. But they pretty much found other teens and hung around the pool and hotel lobbies. During the day the loved they water volley ball in the pool. My older one took a surfing lesson and loved it, although the waves are very mild, it was good for a beginner. We went to Loquillo beach, which is beautiful, no waves at all. We also did the bio lumeniscent bay kayack tour at night. I thought it was great. The surrounding neighborhoods are poor and you need a car (we rented a car) or the hotel provides for fee transportation to attractions. Go to El Yunque, the rain forest, it's spectacular. You will be tired afterward from the hike to the waterfalls and can then relax in the pool and on the beach. I highly recommend this resort and will likely look into other Wynhdam Resorts for future travel. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ArcticRoseN
<Content>Standard Big Resort with Exceptional Beach If the beach is the most important thing for you and your family, then this is the resort for you. Rooms are really standard looking - think super nice motel on the inside. Beach is huge, sand is soft, waves are not too big, but good for boogie boarding. Breakfast is the type of buffet with omelet bar that makes a big group real happy. Wasn't perfect for us as a couple b/c none of the on premises restaurants had authentic local cuisine and there is nothing to do at night. Again, perfect family vacation if you have kids.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>t2eetie
<Content>A Wonderful Experience       Me on the beach  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jayhawker80
<Content>Great stay We really enjoyed our stay at the Rio Mar. We did not eat at the hotel, but went to local places for dinner. We got a refrigerator for the room and went to the grocery store for things to eat for breakfast and lunch. The beach was very nice and the pools were great. We enjoyed the daily iguana feedings. It's a beautiful place, but you pay for it.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>amylkn
<Content>Nice resort- just not that great for us. We stayed here for 2nights 7/31 and 8/1.The resort is beautiful. The landscaping is amazing, the beach and pool areas are beautiful as well. The room we had was a bit old and dirty. Nothing horrible, but not anything great. Housekeeping was bad to non existant, and they charge you $2.50 a day on your bill so keep that in mind. We had problems with in room coffee being provided and never got hand towels or washcloths. I even questioned the cleanliness of the sheets- hairs and stains. Maybe they just needed to be thrown out. No mini fridges. Overall the room was very disappointing. The pool is fun, we liked the water slide, and liked the fact the lifeguards at pool were really watching the kids. Beach/Pool cabanas are $150 for a day, and come with a cooler of drinks and a snack tray. they do all kinds of things so check the concierge or towel hut for times and places. Feeding the Iguanas is a must do!!The beach is nice, the waves are big and great for boogie boards, we rented them for $15 a day. We ate at Marbella, very reasonable and kids food came out real quick. It was a big group of us, and everyone liked the different things we ordered. Check out the ERL place by the casino. they have coffee, sodas, sandwiches, muffins, etc. Very reasonable and little tables close by to eat at.Texas Hold Em table was closed when we were there, and that is what we wanted to play at casino. Didn't do any other games.Ride from hotel back to airport- $30 adults $17 kids- heard a taxi ran about $80 so keep that in mind. Plan on leaving 3 hours before flight. Takes a while to get to airport, go through Agriculture checkpoint before you get in baggage line!!!!!!!!! Security lines were very long.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	-1	2	

<Author>Travelp82
<Content>Planning for Next Year, It Was Wonderful This trip was relaxing and great. First off the room had a great view of the mountains. rainforest and lanscape. You really feel like you're on a vacation, plus each room has a private balcony. My freind and i arrived in San Juan July 21 and we were a bit nervous that we wouldnt find our way around easily. We arranged in advance, for the hotel to pick us up from the airport. They were really easy to find. The cost for the transportation was a bit much at $30pp/per way, but it was definetly convient. Once you arrange to have them pick you up they automatically give you a bill for a roundtrip ride, so the total cost for two people was $120.00. If you cancel the ride going back to the airport you dont get reimburst or that was my understanding from reading the ticket they give you when they pick you up.Upon arriving at the hotel the driver pointed out a few places off the resort we may like to visit such as places to eat and shop. Check in was fast and easy, the staff extremely friendy and even allowed us to check in a couple hours early. The property was lovely, cost for food in the resort ran us btw $40-$50 a meal ( we only ate breakfast on the resort). Food off the property I didnt find that much cheaper, maybe we didnt travel far enough but the price was about the same as the resort. The food was awsome though, wroth the money. We rented a car the second day we were there for about $65a/day. I suggest if you stay here to rent a car because the cost of the cab would be more depending on how many times per day you would need a cab. We were going to take a cab to the rainforest which cost $150 (just to give you an idea of how much you would be spending) so we rented the car. And self parking is like $15-$20 a day, and you must validate your parking ticket at the valet both everyday if you park in the garage. Driving around SanJuan is easy once you get on the highway, the local roads are very narrow and windy. The hotel provides information and directions to different places to visit if you ask. Theres a outlet mall about 2miles that has just about every store you can find in the states, and if you dont feel like eating local there's always KFC Mcdanolds,Berger King, and even a Sizzler. The beach at the resort was lovely. The water was warm and the waves not too big. The pool was warm and big and a seperate kiddy pool. As far as stuff to do at night, theres not much. The casino is open untill 2am and you can hang out by the pool or the bar located in the lobby of the hotel. Everything in San Juan is closed by like 10 so theres nothing to do off the resort. Overall the trip was great and i would definetly visit again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>aztraveler95
<Content>Not for Conferences groups who need Internet No Internet! My employer booked this hotel for a one week worldwide Sales Conference. This was a group of about 300 people. Some presenters had to have Internet working in order to present. Most of the attendees also needed internet to check email and get some work done.The Wi-Fi internet network did not work at all the first day and even after the hotel IT added one wife router, the network was still not working.Other issues. The food and drink prices are double what you find in the local places. The first two complimentary water bottles in the room were not replaced. There were maintenance going late at night where they used a very potent chemical which smell would get inside the room through the door jamb gap making me feel sick for a couple nights.Finally the beach is not so great. El Condado beach in San Juan is much better.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	5	2	1	

<Author>jennaa23
<Content>Very Satisfying Summer Break My husband and I spent last week at the Rio Mar and had a wonderful time. The staff are professional and helpful. Shuttles run like clockwork, as do the golf course and spa. The resort is beautiful - landscaping and beach are gorgeous. The beach sand is the color of light brown sugar and the water is cool and clear aqua. The room is a nice size for two people - we had a rain forest/mountain view. The beds are very comfortable and the decor is neutral and crisp.We knew prices would be in resort range from the reviews here, but made it work with breakfasts in the cafe by the casino, usual size lunches and not pigging out at dinner. Honestly, we were not here to eat, with the exception of trying some Puerto Rican cuisine. Time on the beach in a swim suit was much more important. We did splurge on drinks. They are $10 but you are on vacation!We fed the iguanas twice, my husband golfed on the River Course, we toured the rain forest and took the Sail  Snorkel trip. The rain forest is a nice day - great scenery, a hike, and lunch at a local roadside restaurant. I am now addicted to mofungo. the sail/snorkel trip is a wonderful day on the water. The night life after dinner is limited to the casino and the pools. Walks on the beach are romantic - lots of moonlight and starlight.This is a great location for a true break - everything you need is on site. The Rio Mar is a good first timers location. Our next trip we will rent a car to explore Puerto Rico on our own, but this was a lovely introduction.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>dee_cline_556
<Content>unbelivable vacation       overview of the main buffet hall  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bamafan2
<Content>Great place for family vacation or for avid golfers I booked a 5 night vacation at the Rio Mar through CheapCaribbean.com. Here are the pros and cons of the hotel:Pros:(1) Very good location! Luquillo Beach is one of the nicest beaches on the island.(2) It's directly across from the rainforest.(3) The views of the rainforest are beautiful(4) The golf course is the nicest in Puerto Rico. (5) There's a separate pool just for adults(6) My 10 year old daughter loved the pool and the waterslide.(7) It's located 3 minutes from the horseback riding site(8) The property is very lushCons:(1) The food and drinks are overpriced. $3.50 for a cup of coffee?(2) This is a convention hotel. It caters to conventioners.(3) The exterior of the hotel needs a fresh coat of paint(4) The beach has brown sand. If you're idea of a great beach is sugar-white sand, don't come here. Go to Culebra. Playa Flamenco is clearly one of the best beaches in the world. Envision a Corona commercial.(5) The nightlife is totally DEAD. We didn't care because we had our daughter on this trip though.(6) The rooms are simply OK. No complaints, but nothing special either.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>thriftytravels
<Content>Be Cautious of the Bad Reviews--Great Resort!!! We booked our stay as Wyndham TimeShare owners. We were looking for a resort to get away and do nothing. We wanted pool, beach, and great weather. It was a getaway from our kids for my wife and I. We read almost all the reviews over the last year and read many good and many not so good. We felt that people were missing the boat on this resort since it became a Wyndham about 1-1/2 yrs ago. We found out they remodeled every room. Our room was basic overlooking the rainforest, but very clean, flat screen, granite, and great bed! We rented the fridge for $25 so we could cut down on the food costs that we had read about. If you go to this resort expecting a budget resort, you are in the wrong place. This is a high end resort with very good restaurants and service. We did not rent a car. If you want to do activities, rent a car. If not, you can get away without it. We walked to the convenient store (no sidewalks, so for daring people only. Otherwise, take a cab) at the bottom of the hill and picked up groceries and had some great Chinese food (amazing Orange Chicken) at the casual restaurant. The Isamar bakery was great as everyone has said. They have lunch sandwiches that locals enjoy. We bought our own liquor at the store because, yes, the drinks are very high. Also, the bell station might have a cooler that you can use if you ask them nicely. Don't forget to tip for the great service that you will probably get.There is a convenient store  gift shop at the resort. Good place to pick up T-shirts and do some Sale shopping. They sell liquor there, but of course, you will pay more. Less than at the bar though.The Pool--Adult pool was great. Kids were having a great time in their own pool. We liked that. NO MUSIC at the adult pool. We knew that and brought our Ipod and docking station. There are some umbrellas but probably wouldn't get them in high season. Beach was great with umbrellas the staff will put up for a small tip. Constant breeze can be expected which cools things down nicely. There are a few Iguanas around, but they are pretty cool and they make sure there aren't too many around.Spa--we did a couples massage for 25 minutes at the Mandara Spa. The Spa services are high price, but it is a very nice place to be pampered. The workout facility is also in the spa and has very nice updated equipment with personal TV's, Nautilus circuit and free weights.The Food--everyone says the food is so expensive. Really, it is not. It is higher than a budget resort, but fairly priced to slighly high. These are some nice restaurants. It is like going out to a nice restaurant in the city somewhere. Palio is great high quality Italian. We split dishes since we didn't want leftovers  it kept costs down. The Rigatoni Bolognese was as good as anywhere, including Italy ($18). The chicken wings at Marbella are totally underrated. They are perfectly crisp and outstanding. Many people we saw found this out as well. Great when tossed with the Sweet Chile sauce from the Shrimp Satay! Get this if you go there. Grille Room was a typical steakhouse. Prices were appropriate. Steaks were perfectly done. Take the shuttle for dinner at the Grille Room. It is a nice change of scenery. To keep our money for dinners, we generally ate PBJ  Tuna Salad in the room for lunch. Woke up too late for breakfast most of the time :) Don't waste the money on any of the buffets unless you can eat a lot! Muffins, bagel  coffee is available at the coffee shop next to the casino. Yes, it is a $4 muffin, but who cares, you are on vacation and it is a big muffin. People we met went to Richie's a few times. They said the food was basically the same price and very good, but the drinks were much cheaper.Golf--great but not spectacular. Ocean course is really not on the ocean. 1 hole is. Go twilight and enjoy golf for $70 or $85 depending on season. Best deal by far. Local told me that El Conquistador has a great course. If you have a car and want to golf, try there. Nightlife--None (except Casino). I shared my concern about this with the GM and he says they are working on that currently. New margaritaville type restaurant will be opening that will stay open late. Tiki bar near the ocean would be great, but it was Turtle season so Island law sets curfew. I believe this will be changing in the future as they have realized it is the one major thing missing. Casino was very small as expected and not worth the time unless you like to gamble.Excursions--You can set up excursions that will keep you busy at the Concierge desk. Ride from the airport--unless you are travelling with a large group and can work out something special, the best deal is the shuttle from the resort. $30/person each way. I called cab  car companies and that was the best for 2.Kids--we would bring our kids to this resort. There were activities during the day and the pool was nice with one slide. I would want a car if I had kids so I could keep food costs down. Amigo grocery is a 10 minute car ride or $30 round trip cab ride. Also at the same place you will find KFC, Subway,  Burger King.Shopping--we found a place called the Carribean Trading Company that is right around the corner from the convenient store across the main highway. They put together all the local specialties for gift baskets for the resorts. Unique stuff and decent prices. Locally made jewelery, coffee, and hot sauces in addition to many other things. Not some cheap souvenier store so no T-shirts. Wrap-up...if you go here expecting a high end resort with resort pricing and plan accordingly, you will have an amazing time at this beautiful place. If you book on Expedia, get a great deal, and don't plan properly, you are in for a rude awakening which is what I see in a lot of the reviews. This is a great resort with a great staff that went out of their way for us. We will go back here with our without the kids. Sorry, no pictures since we lost our camera on our way home.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>walicea
<Content>A great time had...       Fajardo  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>missyrivera
<Content>Beautiful Resort We just got back from staying 4 days at the Wyndham Rio Mar Beach Resort in Rio Grande, PR. We had a great time! It was beautiful and very classy. The food is very expensive though. We went out to eat every day and we had to rent a car to get where we wanted to go. The resort is at least 30 mins away from the airport without a lot of traffic. The beach is right behind the resort so it's not a long walk. It was a perfect place to spend our vacation. The rooms are cozy and well maintained. All rooms located infront of the resort have a beautiful scenic view of the rain forest and other surrounding areas. The back rooms have,of course, the scenic view of the beautiful ocean. The staff was very friendly I do not have any complaints whatsoever. The valet is $20/day and the self parking is $15/day. Not something I really liked about the resort. Other than that, I wouldn't mind staying again. I LOVED IT!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Notmyrealidentity
<Content>Bad for families If you have already booked your stay, be sure you read this below.We took our 3 kids to this hotel on a family get away. Here are some things you won't be told or know till you get to the property:1. The shuttle service costs $60 per person round trip regardless of where you go (ie, to  from the airport, 10 minutes to the grocery store, etc). If you choose to rent a car be very careful as the locals do not use signals and make turns across lanes in front of other drivers3. The restaurant prices are off the charts. Don't go by the menus on the web site, they are old and out of date. Expect to pay $100+ per meal and that's sharing dishes. All cocktails by the pool are $9, beer is $4, personal pizza is $20, etc.4. The free breakfast included in the Escape Package doesn't include gratuity. You will get be charged unless you go down to the front desk and point it out. Also children do not eat free, that is a very broad statement on their website. Only kids age 4 and under are allowed to eat free. They say under the age of 5 and in Puerto Rico that means, 5 doesn't count.5. The beach surf is dangerous and deadly. It was either yellow or red flag the entire time (6 days). The rip tide in the area is bad and they even have signs posted on how to swim out of rip tides. There are no life guards on duty and it is swim at your own risk. We witnessed a man save a woman and her son in a rip tide while hotel personnel watched!! I was incredulous that they didn't help. Their excuse was simply we aren't supposed to.5. The pool area is not family friendly. The adults do not choose to stay in the adult pool and will play in the area that is supposed to be designated for kids. If you worry about scantily clad individuals or PDA, beware.6. You cannot bring food from your room to the pool area. So those PBJ sandwiches by the pool are a big no-no. We were dressed down by a worker (the Spanish lesson teacher) in front of our children for eating by the towel shack, she said if a manager saw you, you guys would be in big trouble, you can only eat food you've purchased from our restaurants.7. Their accounting system has difficulty identifying different forms of payment. ie., if you use a company credit card to reserve the hotel but another for incidental charges, you'll probably see the charges show up on the wrong card.8. The hotel doesn't designate non-smoking in the hallways, so no matter where you go, the hotel hallways have a bad odor.9. The staff in the hotel are hit and miss - one minute you are talking with Andra, who by the way is awesome, and the next you are dealing with a rude operator on the phone who doesn't speak English. Over all the hotel staff are lazy and are not willing to go above and beyond for their guests.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Pilotwife23
<Content>We loved it!       1 of the beautiful pools  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Tripper919
<Content>They Charge for Everything! This hotel had a very nice pool area and the beach was a few yards away-NO LIFEGUARDS on the beach so be prepared. The hotel did not offer all-inclusive and it showed. Breakfast for two adults and two children would run at least $90.00. The kids programs are not free they cost about $65.00 per day and to say the least was empty most days. They have no water sport activities on the beach but do offer excursions. They have nothing to do at night but sit by the bar and listen to piano music or a CD being played on the equipment. On the island, be patient service is slow. Old San Juan was very nice if you like cobble stone streets, vintage stores and old Spanish style store fronts. The rain forest was interesting as well the way the ecosystem works is amazing! So if you are going to this hotel rent a car and get out and do something because the hotel is BORING AND OVERPRICED! By the way do self parking with the rental because they charge about $30.00 for valet. Lastly, the city of Fajardo has a Wal-mart which is a few minutes from the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>DeeAnneCA
<Content>Great Time!       Rio Mar Beach Resort  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Tink1234
<Content>a great resort We just left the resort and we have had the most wonderful time. The resort has its issues, but there are a few things you can do which, I believe, may make the difference between and great stay and a so-so one 鈥?1 鈥?you MUST rent a car at the airport!!! The only disgruntled guests we met were those who did not rent a car and thus felt trapped by the high restaurant prices. You will pay about the same for a week鈥檚 car rental as you will for the shuttle to and from the hotel for 4 people (no joke), and yes, it is $15/night for self park and $20 for valet but you will make that up and MORE with one meal eaten outside the resort every other day. That doesn鈥檛 include the savings on tours (a lot more expensive if the hotel shuttles you back and forth) and the fun of exploring this island.2 鈥?you should register with Wyndham rewards program 鈥?not only did we get a great deal, but they left us a note saying they upgraded us to an ocean view room b/c we were in the rewards program and we got a welcome amenity of sodas and fresh fruit. They have a great summer special with a VIP discount card included which was a great deal (stay 2 nights and get 2 free)The hotel itself is, as many other guests have commented, beautiful on the outside but a little worn on the inside 鈥?nothing terrible and the main thing for me, is that it was not dirty, just a little worn (scuff marks on the walls, some stains on the carpet in the hallway etc) but really, it did not detract from our vacation at all. The staff is WONDERFUL and eager to please and the food was all fine, but we didn鈥檛 eat at the resort a whole lot b/c there were so many interesting and cheaper options within minutes. The prices in the sit down restaurants are high as are the drinks, but the 2 outdoor cafes (Seabreeze and the Tiki Hut) had sandwiches around $10-12 which is what you would expect at any resort. Our favorite places to eat off the hotel grounds were 鈥?(all are 5 min away or less and all served PR food)La Parilla 鈥?on Luquillo beach 鈥?this was the best meal we had. Not a real kiosk though, it is a sit down restaurant with entrees mostly in the $20 range but FANTASTIC.Any kiosk on Luquillo Beach 鈥?they serve similar but oh so good food. The four of us ate dinner for $15!! There are not that many other places in the world where you can safely eat 鈥渟treet food鈥?Antojito鈥檚 鈥?at the turnoff to the hotel 鈥?friendly, inexpensive (entrees $10 or less) and breezy.Ritchie鈥檚 鈥?up on the hill, romantic, spectacular view, Ritchie comes by all the tables. Not cheap - entrees $20-30 but worth it for the whole experienceWe also did so many great day trips, hiking to La Mina Falls at El Yunque, taking a 2 hour trail ride at Hacienda Carabali (5 min from resort) where you swim in a river half way through the ride 鈥?($60/adult), a snorkel trip with Spread Eagle II ($70 adults, $50 kids) and then we spent two days at the hotel boogie boarding and playing in the pool (boogie boards were AWESOME fun - $15 for the day). We elected to rent a cabana to get guaranteed shade and we were very pleased. It was a splurge but worth it with a cooler full of sodas and water, chips, cookies and in the afternoon, a plate of fresh cut up fruit. You can get a cabana on the beach or at one of the pools, I think beach is a lot better, you are on a platform with a spectacular view of the ocean with your own hammock. We also spent our last night at El Convento Hotel in Old San Juan 鈥?whether you stay the night or just go for the day, OSJ is not to be missed.Back to the resort, the beach was lovely with just the right amount of waves, our room was an OK size and comfortable, we had a lovely view of the pool and ocean. We used the kids club once and even though it was just a single room, our 5 and 10 yr old stayed one night 5-9pm and LOVED it. The pool was large and well maintained and there was a fun, short slide. The concierges were sweet but useless, I felt like I knew more about the area than they did! Do your research first and you will not need them. Also, as other reviewers have advised, go over your bill carefully. There were 5 mistakes on mine, but they were all corrected with a minimum of hassle.We loved our stay, felt it was worth every penny but I would advise you to look for deals, esp in summer (we paid around $200/night b/o discounts, this does not include the $40 something resort fee/night) and I need to say it again 鈥?RENT a car! Staff is truly wonderful and anything some employees may lack in competence, they make up for in true effort and friendliness. We are so sad to leave!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunniew
<Content>Wyndham Grand beautiful place, exceptional service We picked this property because it was a Wyndham Grand, the top of the line for Wyndham. The staff was fantastic, especially Angelica Marques at the front desk. She went out of her way to provide us with connecting rooms, and an amazing view off our balcony of the beautiful Atlantic Ocean. She excelled with exceptional service. Our room was an ocean front, great view, nice size. Bathroom was spacious. The beach was great, especially if you like waves. There was always a constant breeze and if a rainstorm came through, it usually passed within ten minutes. The food and drinks are pricey, but hey, you are on vacation right? Sea Breeze had the best lunch food. Paello the best dinner food an Marbella was good for breakfast. Did not like the Grille House at the golf course or Shima's. Every staff person we encountered was very friendly and so willing to help. I applaud them for such outstanding service.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>WindycityMe
<Content>PHENOMENAL!       View from our Room  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GeorgiaCozmo
<Content>VERY nice resort The best part about the Rio Mar was the staff. They were very accomodating when we asked to switch rooms, and they helped us promptly with a smile. All of the restarant staff were likewise very polite and were happy to make suggestions and engage in conversation.The rooms are very adequate, although a bit on the small side. At night, the coqui frogs will either sing you to sleep or keep you awake. If you are a light sleeper, it would be wise to be on a higher floor.The pool area is somewhat crowded if you don't secure a spot early. They also have a quiet pool, which seemed to have just as many fun-loving kids as the larger pool...so it really wasn't any more peaceful.The beach is nice, but the water wasn't the turqoise we were hoping for. It was not crowded and was a very short walk from the pool area.The hotel has an iguana pool and has several feedings scheduled each day. My youngest daughter enjoyed hand feeding them with lettuce supplied by the hostess.The best part of the vacation was our short drive over to the El Yunque rainforest. We spent the morning hiking on paved, well marked trails and saw some incredible vistas.Our trip into Old San Juan was forgettable. It may have been better if we had arranged a guided tour, but we went on Wednesday ,which was apparently trash day, and had to step over piles of garbage bags as we walked through the streets.Both of my children thoroughly enjoyed this vacation, and my wife and I did too. We would probably return, but there are more places in the caribbean that I would like to see first.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Treysunny
<Content>Can't wait to go back! My Fiance and I simply loved the resort. We had a great view on floor 5. The Spa package was great, the best massage i ever had. The food was costly but great taste, Our favorite was Shimas and the pastries at ERL cafe, although the cafe servers were a bit slow at service. Make sure you take a tript to The Grill Room, very good food and great scenery. The Tiki Grill was voted for best cocktails. The hammocks, to die for. Marbella breakfast, YUM YUM. all to say, blow the budget, it was well worth it for our vacation. We enjoyed and will re-visit. Kudos to Gasha and Josie for making our stay so pleasant. The pool, hot tub and grounds were always very clean. Great music played. What a WONDERFUL vacation. Thank You.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fbusa
<Content>Not for couples The main problem is that the hotel is trying to be all things to all types of people; couples and families and the dining experiences are not good. Admittedly we came during the school vacation time but the hotel should still be meeting the needs of its other guests too. My husband wanted to play some golf and we both wanted some sun. The website showed photos of couples and couples dining in the restaurants - giving the feel of a resort that did encourage romantic breaks as well as families - and there was an adults only pool. So, we gave it a go...However, we could not escape children - they were allowed in the adult pool from babies upwards.. We did mention this to the staff but they didnt do anything. ALL dining rooms allowed children at all hours in buggies with toys. There was not a romantic meal to be had anywhere...and the food generally was quite poor. We tried to spend each day out of the hotel. So do check out what kind of level of romantic setting you want before booking or check that they have improved their practices.(Lastly, when we checked-in they said that we had been upgraded - however, on arriving at the room it was pokey and not much of a view which I had paid extra for. I didnt like the room and once the children in the room next door started yelling through the adjoining door we asked to be moved to the room I originally booked. Strangely this room was better than the supposedly upgraded one; larger and better view - so if you are told you are being upgraded ask to see both before deciding.)  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>njfun
<Content>Great Spa, Nice hotel The beach and the grounds are beautiful and so is the rain forest! The spa treatments are fabulous....and the hotel is ok. We ate at the Steakhouse and the Italian place, both were very good. There are other properties in PR that I enjoy more.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Peregrina651
<Content>Relaxed and enjoyed       View from our room-6th floor  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>TripAdviceforFun
<Content>Over priced Although the setting is beautiful the hotel is showing its age. There are a lot of maintence issues scattered throughout the property. The restaurants are so over priced its ridiculous. The best way to do it is rent a car and try some of the great local restaurants located near the resort. Don't bother asking the concierge they don't really know anything. Oh and make sure you get your pool towels during the day because if you want to swim at night you will have to use already used towels. The best part about this place is probably the beds. They are really comfortable. When it comes down to it I guess that's the most imporant thing.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>basilone
<Content>Great landscaping/pool/resort, but you cannot walk anywhere. The hotel is just at the edge of the rain forest and on the ocean. The hotel's landscaping and pool are exceptional. The food and drink prices are too high. We learned via this website to stop at the grocery store/liquor/wine/beer/soda store before you get to the resort. This saved us most of the $5-$8 fee for a soda/wine/beer. The staff was most helpful. The food at the restaurants and buffet we found to be better than expected. The casino is small, but adequate. The room we had facing the pool was very nice and had a great balcony my wife and I enjoyed. The beach is a little darker than the east coast of the u.s.. Not much to see on the beach. Although this was a beautiful resort, we will probably stay stateside at Myrtle Beach, Wrightsville Beach, or Ocean City, Md. for our next vacation. Each of those locations or Florida have great resorts too for less money and can be driven to. The airfaire and the hassles of travelling are wearing me down.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ynnej08
<Content>Beautiful Property, Poorly Managed We stayed at the Rio Mar over Memorial Day weekend (Friday - Wednesday). We arrived on Friday night around 11:00 and were told that there would be a 'minor inconvenience.' Since the hotel was apparently overbooked, we had to stay in the living room of a suite on a SOFA BED for 2 nights. The living room was closed off to the bedrooms, but we could hear everything on the other side of both doors. When we finally moved to our king room, we woke up with bites all over us the next day! As if the room had fleas in addition to the ants coming from the cracks in the walls! I called house keeping and they told us they were 'sorry for the inconvenience' and would change the bedding. They did not change the bedding. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Puerto Rico was beautiful and we will be going back, but NOT to the Rio Mar!!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>eiffel27
<Content>underpromised, overdelivered I stayed from the 6th to the 8th of June along with my husband and my two toddlers, and I was sorry I did not stay longer. Yes, prices were inflated, mostly on dining, but the food was great and it was worth the amount of money, and there are other off-site dining options as well.I booked a standard ocean view room, and upon check-in was immediately given an upgrade to an ocean suite and a cute, comfortable crib(no charge), for my baby daughter, which I appreciated. Surroundings were beautiful and well mantained, and rooms were clean(my husband loved the bed and worshipped the pillows).As for the staff,the best so far. I felt like each time I was thinking about making requests of any kind, they read my mind and did as I pleased without me even asking...from the check-in clerk to the room maid, each one of them looked forward to our complete satisfaction.Looking for tips??? Enroll in the ByRequest program;previous lodging is not required. Not only you get rewards on a long-term basis but also get instant benefits, i.e. I made an express check-in and check-out, was not charged for a fridge, and a ByRequest rep. called me daily looking for my needs. I am definitely considering going back, the resort itself is an outstanding Puertorican attraction!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tghost1
<Content>Great get-away! Arranged a quick 5 day/4 nigh getaway to the Wyndham Rio Mar and it was a great vacation!The resort is top-notch both inside and out. It is located roughly 35 minutes east of San Juan very close to the El Yunque National Rain Forest. The staff was very friendly and accomodating and the food and drinks were quite good...although the resort prices (particularly for small stuff) were sometimes a bit steep. The pool and beach were outstanding. I would recommend renting a car (if only for a couple of days) and buying basic stuff at local markets to stock your room. Took a day trip to the rain forest which was well worth the time. Take the opportunity to eat at the various local spots for dinner...they're outstanding! The food is great and the value is far beyond what you might experience onsite at the resort.Enjoyed a morning full of spa treatments, which were all great...you get what you pay for!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tanyjo1
<Content>Best Vacation Ever My husband and I just got back from a vacation at this hotel. It was BEAUTIFUL. At first I was worried because some of the reviews were not very flattering, however, it was more than I ever expected. We had an ocean view room on the 2nd floor. It was a nice view. Each room has a table and chairs out on the balcony. The room was very nice and clean, granite counter tops in the bathroom and had a modern look. We have expensive taste and this hotel room was great. Noise was never a problem. The weather was around 85 degrees everyday. There were quite a few iquanas walking around which was scary at first, however, they quickly run away from you. You need to rent a car and don't do it from the hotel. I went on cheaptickets.com and rented a car. The hotel uses Avis but it is very expensive. It is $15.00 per day to park your car in the parking deck. Don't take the rain forest tour, drive it yourself. In addition, the shuttle from the airport was $30 per person each way, so you will save a lot of money renting the car. Do not eat at the resort. The restaurants are over priced. The breakfast buffet was $25 per person and $19 per person for continental. Dinner averaged between $30-$55 per person. However if you go off the resort there are plenty of restaurants and fast food chains (KFC, McDonald's, UNOs, Chili's, TGI Fridays etc). There is even a Walmart nearby. The staff was very nice and courteous. Although I did not bring a child, it was very kid friendly. It had a playground, kid pool and lots of kid activities. The spa was expensive, approx. $140 per person for a massage. This hotel is right on the beach, there is an adult pool andw a regular pool. The casino is tiny and closes at 2pm on weekdays and 4pm on weekends. We went on a Sun-Thurs and the resort was quiet and not over crowded. If you like golf, be prepared to pay $120 green fees per person. San Juan is about 20mins away. The ride from the airport was about 20 mins if you take the toll road. Take the toll road, it is $1.50 and the quickest route to the hote. This hotel was very upscale and nice. It is away from the city, but the entire island is only 35miles wide and 135 miles long so everything is close. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>azell2u
<Content>nice resort, not so nice location my husband and i stayed at rio mar from may 7th to the 10th. the resort was what we expected it to be considering we are wyndham owners (not a  reort  but a lovely hotel). we did rent a car, you have to if you want to leave the resort. we didn't eat at any of the restaurants at the resort since we had a car. many people suggested the local cuisine but i couldn't get past everything being outdoors (no controlled environment for the food) so we ate a lot of fast food. the beach was beautiful, weather - amazing and the casino was fun. would i ever go back? ... only if i stayed in san juan (resort is about 40 min outside of san juan)sorry so jumbled. if you have questions please contact me  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dgitz
<Content>Beautiful Property, but bring your wallet Booked a package on CheapCarribean.com. What we noticed at this property was overall, a lower level of service. We had to request that the room be cleaned better for one thing. We looked into getting picked up by the hotel from the airport 60 bucks per person EACH way. We rented a car because we wanted to explore the area, I recommend this even though the hotel will charge you for self-park or valet. You are less than 3 miles from El Yunque rain forrest. The hotel charges 38 per person for them to drive you there, your cost if you drive over yourself? Zero, if you skip the Visitor Center (3 bucks if you don't). The resort is big but the food prices are really jacked up: 4 bucks for an ice cream, almost 3 bucks for a coffee. Breakfast Buffet is 25 per person. We were able to find Isamar Bakery at the bottom of the hill near the main road. Breakfast and pasteries were very reasonable. Also, the concierge station. While somewhat helpful, were clearly training some staff, never saw the same person twice. This is NOT an all-inclusive and the level of service is less than we expected, while the staff was courteous their level of service was average at best. The property and grounds are gorgeous but it is very pricey to eat 2-3 meals a day there, keep that in mind. If you have a rental car there are plenty of places to eat nearby.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	4	2	3	

<Author>ConnecticutThoughts
<Content>Never Again Visited this resort with 5 other families it was so disappointing for kids and adults. Not a very exciting pool, very small slide. One basketball hoop for the kids. One outside Tiki Bar with absolutely no entertainment not even a radio, staff SO unfriendly. Not an inviting beach and watersports ex: jet skiies, kayak,sailboats old and rundown. Rooms smelled and rundown looking,balcony paint chipped everywhere. We all could not find one positive thing about this so called resort. We checked out of the hotel after 3 days and moved to the El Conquistador Resort and all 5 families had a fantastic vacation!!!!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	3	

<Author>babygoon
<Content>Nice resort but depends on your room location. Uneven staff.       View from room 5029  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	2	5	

<Author>dianakg78
<Content>Good but not great We have traveled to Puerto Rico on April 6-10 2008. I did a lot of research before finally settling with Rio Mar.The only reason why I was not greatly upset about my choice was the fact that I got a good deal on the trip package. Otherwise this hotel is clearly not worth to spend a lot of money.The worst part was the beach. It was flat out terrible. First 2 days they did not even clean it, so it was covered in seaweed and trash. Waves were huge! Impossible to swim or enjoy water. Also, sand was pretty bad. Nothing like beautiful white sand beaches we have seen in Jamaica.Food and drinks were pretty expensive and not that good at all.Basically you have one kitchen just different restaurants (more like rooms). Average price on drinks $10.We had a breakfast once and one dinner (dinner was $90 for 2, cheapest plates). Service was good, though. Housekeepers came in 3 times a day. Room was good and clean, but not tropical or fancy, just standard room. The best thing we did was renting a car. It saved us tons of money and we had so much fun driving around to closest towns and exploring on our own. Plus we saved money by eating off the resort. But honestly, food in Puerto Rico is very boring. I did not try anything I liked more than just to satisfy my hunger.I have many pictures of our Puerto Rico trip. Day one was area near Rio Mar. Day 2 Old San Juan (loved it!!!!). Day 3 El Yunque forest. Here is the link to albums, look under Places, you will see 3 albums from that trip.http://public.fotki.com/Dsfotki/places/  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>corinne200
<Content>Amazing, but beware....       hotel back  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>rocco00
<Content>Loved it! Stayed here for a reward trip for my husband and we loved it! The staff was so friendly and warm and the food good. The property was beautiful and relaxing. THe only thing I would change would be to have carpet in the rooms. Our room had one area rug on a tile floor. Other than that, it was just perfect.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PatsDynasty
<Content>Very nice stay....       View from room  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>dianosa10
<Content>Great relaxing place The hotel is very good,is about 40 minutes drive from the airport, is better to take the toll road , takes you faster, there are a lot of police in the streets , given tickets for speeding, so watch it, (i got one) also they stop cars, to see if they had drinks and are driving!!! The hotel is specially good if you want to get away from noise and city live and want a quiet beautiful get away. You get better rates when you book it directly instead of expedia at the end, we had to pay$30 extra for every night. The parking for the hotel is very expensive ($18 night) and you DO Need a Car!. The hotel was offering 1 night free, something that we couldn't do, beacuse we used expedia, so we actually payed more money that what the hotel actually charges.!Was always clean, good room service, the only thing that bother us it was, that they accept small pets, and we had a barking dog one night. the hotel is beautiful, private with an huge beautiful beach, the service is very good, they have recreation in the beach and in the pool area, food in the hotel is very expensive as well as drinks, but there are 2 good place to eat nearby the hotel, the first one is as soon as you enter the road to go to the hotel in the right hand side, is small, but food is really good, breakfast and luch prices. (Don't mistake with bakery, but bakery has decent breakfast)The second reaturant is going up the hill passing the hotel entrance there is a restaurant call : Ritchies Place the view is Oustanding, the attention and food , very good. We loved to go there at nigh and at sunset to have dinner.Don't forget to visit the Bio Bay in Vieques make the reservation with plenty of time of advance and make sure you visit in days of no moon!. it's the best thing I have ever seen along with the visit to the caves. Drive to the caves yourself is not need to pay $84 dollars for the preschedule tour dollars. Vist the fortresses and Old Sanjuan, they are so worth it to see!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dohertyfamily4
<Content>Pleasant Surprise! The Rio Mar Beach Resort was the perfect getaway for our family since we were looking to relax by a pool and on a beach. The pool(s) set-up is terrific offering volleyball, water aerobics and other activities for the kids as well as an 18+ adult only pool. Only hedges separate the pool area from a beautiful beach front making it easy for the kids to go back and forth. The sand is clean and the waves make for great fun. Valet, housekeeping and restaurant service were all terrific. Front desk and concierge need work... Concierge especially was lacking in information and not very knowledgeable. Minutes away from the El Yunque Rain Forest which was worth touring.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>thomasmoscow
<Content>4 "carribean stars" European couple spent 4 nights at Rio Mar from April 12th-16th. Booked trip through Expedia. First time to Puerto Rico.Rio Mar is very expensive for the somewhat mediocre standard. The whole resort is of usual 4 star carribean standard, but service/management is of higher quality than in 'spanish' carribean places.We got a free upgrade from resort view to ocean view, in main building. Write them in advance.Room was alright - almost nice, but not great. Bathroom was roomy, however, the handyman must have had 10 thumbs and no ruler when doing the installations/tiling.Floor cold as ice, conditioner noisy and could not do heating. On positive side there were no mosquitos/bugs on this time of the year. :)Great bed! The problem with Rio Mar is that you have to pay for what-ever move you make. 25 USD for breakfast buffet, plus some times the waiters add 15% gratuity on the bill.15 USD per day for wifi in the room.20 USD per day for parking for rented car. You do want to rent a car to get around. Valet staff have the slowest 'walk' I have ever seen.Food and beverages are quite expensive, e.g. 5 USD for local beer and 10 usd for cocktails which arent all that. A good lunch or dinner for two will set you back 100 usd plus wine/alcohol.A dinner in the japanese restaurant scared us off from eating anything else than breakfast in the resort. I cant recall having tasted more bland sushi/rolls/salads anywhere else.Pool-area was nice, but sunbeds were only good in the adult section. Not enough sunscreens. 150 USD for renting a poolside cabina/tent-roof per day - crazy!The iguanas were funny - suddenly running down the palms - even moved around near the pool. Do go for iguana feeding at 11.00 - especially if you are childish or have kids.The beach was nice too, but somewhat windy. Surf probably too big for kids younger than teenagers. The beach could look a lot nicer with better sunbeds, sunscreens and decor, but as it is now, its not attractive to lie there.You need a car to get out of the resort. We had diner at Richie's app. 1 mile up hill to the right. Fantastic view, friendly service and very nice food. Generous portions.The best food we had was at La Parilla app. 10 minutes drive on eastern beach. Perfect seating for having dinner and watching the sun go down. Really nice food, with a good local touch, but huge portions. Friendly service and reasonable priced. Many regulars. Probably a busy area in week-ends. Dont get scared off by the local touch of the many kiosks there. Do drive up El Younqe rain forrest. Fantastic to drive uphill through the jungle, great views, water falls, fantastic nature. Unfortunately, it was raining cats and dogs when we were there, so we didnt go walking on the tracks.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>namestaken
<Content>Unforgettable pleasant stay My husband and I had a great holiday at this luxurious resort. The location was amazing, as well as the food and the service. We will definitively go back for a longer stay.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>susiedoozy
<Content>Very nice resort       View from hotel lobby  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Beantowntrekker
<Content>So big and a bit impersonal...       one of the many iguanas near the pool  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GoGirl426
<Content>Very Enjoyable Stay!! Save money and go local to eat My boyfriend and I booked a 6 night stay through Cheapcarribean.com at the Rio Mar in March. We had a wonderful time! The room (standard) was beautiful and spacious. We didn't have an ocean view, and we didn't mind at all because the view of El Yunque from our balcony was breathtaking. The pool and beach areas were clean, and well maintained. It gets crowded fast, so if you want lounge chairs or an umbrella get there early or send someone ahead. The breakfast buffet was incredible, but it was around $25 pp and if it hadn't been included with our room we probably would have gone else where to eat. The restaurants on the resort were all pretty expensive, same for the drinks at the bars around the pool area. I would highly recommend renting a car (valet $20 per day) to venture off to local restaurants. Richie's was fantastic, we ended up going there 2 times. Also Brisas del Verde was a great cheap lunch option (I think we paid $12 for a chicken, 2 sides, and 2 beers). The kiosks near Luquillo beach were great too, in particular we liked La Parrilla. Isamar bakery was great for sandwiches. If you have the time and the patience, do the timeshare talk! We got free massages and a free 3 night stay at any Wyndham hotel. The staff at Rio Mar were very friendly, and helpful with recommendations and giving us directions. Just an FYI, there isn't much night life out in Rio Grande. Rio Mar has a small-ish casino, and a bar area open late, but outside of that it came to a lull. We didn't mind so much though, after a long day of being outdoors, we were happy with the down time.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>swrrly
<Content>Great services, relaxing vacation       Hotel, oceanside  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sara15miami
<Content>very good expirience at richies My husband and I went to puerto rico lovely place we stayed in whyndam riomar beach and resort very pretty hotel and very comforting we ate in a place called Richie's with an awesome view and great food I ate a paella and my husband ate a prime rib beutiful!! and richie himself took care of us and treated us like family i recommend you to eat there beutiful expirience from 1- to 10 i give them 20 we even danced there it was great and the hotel was beutiful  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Josie929
<Content>Beatiful Setting We st;ayed at the Wyndham for 6 nights with a business meeting. The setting is absolutely beautiful. Great pool, and a beautiful beach area. We brought 3 children, ages 8. 11, and 17. They loved the pools. Our 17 year old was a little bored, not much to do for his age. It is a ways away from everything else. The younger kids loved it. They would have swam in the pools, and played in the ocean all day. The room was okay, nothing special, rather small. The airconditioner was very noisy. The staff and service was good. Food is very expensive.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>timetravelerFl
<Content>Think Twice Before Booking Rio Mar Beach Resort  We stayed at the Rio Mar Beach Resort  Spa on a business/vacation trip. Service in the hotel and restaurants was awlful. Food selection was very limited and overpriced. Maid service was scarce. Rooms were dirty from the dust on the furniture, dirty showers, dust bunnies on the floors and gritty tile floors. Bed linens were not changed on a daily basis, AC was lowered or turned off in the evening hours by the hotel I guess to conserve electricity. Chasing down shower supplies and laundry bags in the halls from the chamber maids. We had a load of laundry washed, no dry cleaning, 25 items mostly socks and underwear washed. $97.00 for one load of laundry that propably got washed in a massive washer along with all the other laundry. We asked to use a washer and dryer , there are none on the property . Transportation costs were staggering. The adult pool had white slimy scum floating all around the edge of the pool,Pool deck was not kept clean. One of the barmaids spilled a drink off her tray onto the pool deck and it sat there all day . No one even bothered to clean it up. Unfortunately it was in front of our $150 cabana . So we had to walk around it all day . I was very dissappointed in this hotel, we usually stay at the Marriott properties. I will not be booking anymore Wyndham properties, that is for sure....  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	2	

<Author>nbakerEvanston
<Content>Very Not Great we left Old San Juan looking for a relaxing time at the beach. What we found was nothing special at the Rio Mar. Really, this hotel could be anywhere in the US; there's no Puerto Rican personality at all, yet you feel a little like you're in Europe, because your dollar doesn't go very far . If you're looking for a vacation experience that doesn't involve hundreds of insurance salespeople from Nebraska having a meeting , or dozens of loud children in the restaurants, I suggest staying in a more sophisticated location in Old San Juan. This place absolutely lacks soul -- drab colors, huge lobbies that make you feel like you're waiting for an Amtrak and architecture that can only be described as suburban mallesque. The worst is the food. If you love Applebees and Red Lobster, even you will be extremely disappointed. We were there four nights and did not have even one above average meal--most were really terrible. On an island known for its incredible coffee, the stuff at this hotel is served luke warm and weak as tea. Its hot food is cold; its salad greens are brown and there's no local specialties on the menu (unless you think tuna wraps and chicken wings are Puerto Rican). At night, instead of people drifting outside to walk along the ocean or talk by the pool, the in-house casino ramps up and sucks all of the previously mentioned sales people in. If you want a bland beach resort, go to Ft. Lauderdale. If you're pretending to expose your children to an exotic environment without risk, go to Epcot Center. If you want to experience the great food, wonderful sights, and gracious people of Puerto Rico, stay in Old San Juan.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maryrnsc
<Content>stay away If you like properties that are in deep need of a refurbishment head straight for this resort. For example, carpets are worn, walls need painting and linens tattered. I was shocked by the sad shape of the ocean front room we occupied. To begin with, our toilet did not flush they tried to repair it (we had to use the end of our hairbrush to flush it) we asked to be moved and was told they had no other ocean front room available. Our mini bar was filled with mold and every time the air conditioner clicked on it sounded as if the door was being slammed. The poor physical shape of the hotel was matched by the inattentive, unaccommodating front desk staff. I could go on and on.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>lanasmom
<Content>no peace at this resort We are still at the resort as I write this. We have room overlooking the resorts larger pool. The bass heavy music at the pool is blaring and the young children are screaming. If you are deaf this will be a quiet retreat for you. Otherwise bring earplugs. The food is not bad, the staff is pleasant and the grounds are very manicured. We both had a massage and rated it as good. I am not saying this is a bad resort I am just saying it is just too noisy for us. Some people here are having a great time. We will not be back.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ramosa
<Content>OK, but no better My wife and I visited the Rio Mar for about five days in February 2008. My comments are the same for our visit, the hotel, and Puerto Rico ... Everything was OK ... but no better than that. The hotel is nice, not great. It is somewhat run-down. It really needs a rehab. It is a big resort, without much character. The hotel rooms are OK. The restaurants at the resort are OK, not great and certainly overpriced. The nearby restaurants (outside the resort) are much the same. We did a few nice things ... I stronly recommend visiting Old San Juan, the fishing areas along the northeast tip of PR, and the tropical rain forest ... but I would NOT recommend this hotel, nor a trip to PR. There are, simply put, better places to go and better places to stay ... elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>clancymel
<Content>Rio Mar needs a staff meeting! We went to Puerto Rico as kind of a last minute idea. We had filed for my kids passports but we knew they would not be back in time for spring break. So, we started researching areas that didn't require passports. Read a ton of reviews and decided on the Rio Mar. I had read that it was expensive, so that wasn't a surprise. We didn't get a car because we have 3 young kids and felt it would be more trouble and time/money saved just to use the resort facilities. Ouch! one of our dinners ended up being around $400 for a family of 5--that's not with teenagers either. Mind you, my husband did order a nice bottle of wine. I really think Rio Mar should offer an all-inclusive program for those who don't want to venture off property. In fact, for the amount they charged us, it should have been all-inclusive. Anyway, here are my problems. First, we arrived at the hotel around 3pm on a Friday and like other reviewers, our room was not ready. According to the front desk lady, our view would be worth the wait. Huh? We had to wait about 1-1/2hrs. We had not had a proper lunch so we went to eat to pass the time. Then, I had paid high dollar for this trip and spent extra for an ocean view. Although we were on the 7th(top) floor, we only had partial ocean view due to being at the end of the east wing. We did have a full frontal view of the lovely(UGLY) roof equipment though.....Service is very inconsistent here. One day on our way to dinner we had to go to stop at the front desk to inform them that our room had not yet been cleaned--IT WAS 6PM! I also handed the front desk lady(wish I had got her name--she was shocked that our room hadn't been cleaned and very apologetic) a list of a few items we needed in our room like another blanket for the baby crib, some shaving cream and a nail file and the bathrobes that were suppose to be in every room to begin with. She didn't do her job either. I had to ask 3 different people and finally got some service by directly talking to the housekeeping gal on our floor. We received turn-down service 2 nights but not the other 3. I almost felt that if you didn't slip these staff people a tip, they would do NOTHING to help you. One of my biggest problems was the beach. My family loves the beach. We arrived on Friday, March 21 and the beach was just atrocious--that's not an understatement. The water was unswimmable and the beach was disgustingly littered (YES! GARBAGE people) and hoards of seaweed, driftwood, rotten coconuts, you name it. This didn't get cleaned up properly until Tuesday, March 25. I tried to make excuses for them like saying it was the holiday Easter weekend and maybe they were understaffed. Apparently, they had bad storms prior to our arrival but for a property of this calibre, there is no excuse for such shoddy property management. Once they did clean it up, we all had a wonderful time playing in the ocean. Another time the front desk woman(wish he had gotten her name--it was probably the same gal as I dealt with--eek, or could there be more) was rude to my husband when he needed to have another key made for our room. The pools are nice. The water slide is great fun for the kids. I would recommend to people with young children that they wear some sort of water shoe though. My 2 yr old slipped and hit his head really hard while playing around the kiddie pool area sprinklers. Rio Mar should really address this problem because I saw many people wipe out, including a few adults.I guess I'm done....I do want to compliment the Concierge Desk. I did have excellent service from Louis and Eric. Thanks guys--and I didn't even have to tip them.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>DianeTravels
<Content>VillaRentals at Wydham's Rio Mar - good location if you plan it well Over Easter weekend, my family stayed next to the Wyndham Rio Mar at the Ocean Villas. We rented through Rio Mar Villa Rentals (http://www.resortvillarentals.com). We enjoyed the resort, our villa, and the area, but we would have enjoyed it more if we had planned better.Our villa was a 2-bedroom, 2-bath, with 2 balconies, full kitchen, washer/dryer, and nice furnishings. There were a few items missing when we checked in, such as bowls and plates. The conceirge, who is on-site most days from at least 9-5, quickly brought us what we needed. If you rent an Ocean Villa and do not use the website I referenced above, you can not use the on-site concierge service. I highly recommend going through this professional, courteous rental team. If you are traveling with small children, a car is a must. I met a mom over at the Wyndham, who had used the hotel's shuttle service to get there from the airport. She had no way to get back out to the store to buy formula for her baby. One problem with getting out of the resort is that the intersection with route 3 can get very backed up, easily adding 10-15 minutes to a trip off the resort. Plan accordingly.Puerto Rico is a very Catholic island, and we arrived on Good Friday. Almost all the stores and restaurants on the island (off-resort) were closed. Be careful around holiday times! We were traveling with 3 adults and a 2-year old, so diapers and beers were desperately needed. There are 2 shopping areas nearby. Heading east on route 3, the main road, the first shopping area is 3 lights away (15 minutes with no traffic). There is a Walgreens and Amigos, grocery store, there. The next shopping area is 5 lights away (20 minutes with no traffic) and includes a 24-hour Walgreens, grocery store, and Walmart. Thankfully, the 24-hour Walgreens was open on Good Friday.We enjoyed breakfast and lunches in our villa, which helped us save money over the resort prices. We did eat all of our dinners out. Our favorite dinner was at Aqualuna. Unlike other reviewers, we found plenty of diversity with the fish dishes. The portions were smaller, so be sure to order enough side dishes or appetizers. The Wyndham resort, unlike the Ocean Villas, was crowded over the weekend. We did not make dinner reservations for some of the nights, and ended up having to eat at Marbella twice. The food was very good, and there was something for everyone in our group. The alcoholic drinks were priced about right for New York city, so be prepared for that. The gift shop does sell a limited selection of liquor, along with beer and wine. If you are going off resort, it is good to know that gas stations and groceries store stock all alcohol: beer, wine, and liquor. You will, though, need a little bit of Spanish to get the better liquors out of their locked cabinets. When the resort is not as crowded (after Easter, this seemed to be the case), then the restaurants will be randomly closed on different nights. I highly recommend that you choose your restaurants a day or two ahead of time. You can call a dinner reservations line to make all your reservations. Our 2-year old loved the daily iguna feedings, the pools, and the playground over at the resort. Our villa was stocked with pool towels. It's still not clear if guests at the Ocean Villas can use the towel service at the Wyndham. Regardless, we were able to exchange our beach towels from the villa for new ones at the Wyndham (which means they probably were taken from there to begin with). When ordering drinks or food from the Wyndham, we were sure to mention that we were staying at the Ocean Villas, so we could not charge to a room. The staff easily accomodated us by charging to our credit card. A couple of final notes about the Ocean Villas. The directions provided to us to the Ocean Villas were wrong. Be sure to print out the directions directly from the Wyndham site. The Ocean Villas claim to be a 5-minute walk to the main resort. This might be true for some sprinters, but it is at least 10 minutes to the pools. The beach in front of the Ocean Villas was not maintained as nicely as the hotel. There was a lot of seaweed, which I can accept, but also a lot of trash. They cleaned it up the day before we left, but your best bet is to use the beach down closer to the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MOMOF2B
<Content>No hotel privelages at Villas We just returned from renting a two bedroom Golf Villa at Wyndham Rio mar. We stayed in Cluster 1. The villa was very nice and huge. The resort is clean and well kept. First off I want to let other travelers know...you do not really have previlages at the hotel, for example you can not get towels and sort of have to sneek into themain pool area. While you can use the facilities you have to use your credit card. Upon using the beach club at the Ocean Villas, we were actually asked for our room number and then told to leave, b/c we were not staying at an ocean villa. Overall the trip was good once I got over feeling like we were doing something wrong by sneeking into the main pool.The food is expensive at the resort but i is not as bad as everyone else reviewed. In fact Palio and Shimas were quite good. Another bonus is that all the resturaunts have the same kids meal so everything is very family freindly.We rented our villa through VRBO and it came with a golf cart which saved us $10 a day in PARKING. Our cluster and clusters 2 and 3 are close enough to the golf country club that you could walk over to take the shuttle. But again you may be asked your room number etc. Note it is way too far to walk with all your stuff to the resort from any villas.In conclusion, I would recommend getting clear information form whomever you rent from about which pools and beach you are really allowed to use and where it is ok to park your golf cart. You do save a lot of money in a villa and the space is great, maybe in an off season time they do not enforce the where are you staying rule  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fellowwine
<Content>Loved it! We got a great rate at this hotel, so I was worried that it wouldn't be very nice. It was wonderful! The rooms were so clean and the housekeeping staff was fabulous!Turn down and clean rooms every night of our 5 night stay. We were traveling with our 9-mo. old baby and some friends. The hotel gave us an adjoining room that was wonderful. We also arranged babysitting at the hotel. Arlene was great. The food was a bit pricey, but good. We like the Tapas bar outside the Italian restaurant. I think the prices there were the same they would be in any city. For those who complained about the drink prices--I thought they were average for a hotel of that caliber. So you have to pay 9 or 10 dollars for a Pina Colada. It is all about location, location, location. You can't beat the impeccable grounds!Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fourthrho
<Content>expensive My boyfriend and I stayed from the 16-20 of March. The food was expensive and mediocre at best. $50 for hamburger and chicken wrap sandwich w. 2 drinks...ouch! The beach was rough and the sand reminded me of dirt. They charge $25 to rent a fridge. Twice by accident. ( was credited afterwards). Was charged for parking when we didn't have a car. (was credited afterwards) Went on a wonderful horseback ride ($72/person for 2 hours). When we got there, they asked if we were going on the 1 hour or 2 hour ride. My boyfriend and I looked @ ea. other because we were under the assumption that the 2 hr. ride (booked through the hotel) was our only option. Enjoyed the ride but later complained to Raquel/Rachel in which she credited us 10% of the bill. She was very nice and professional. Unlike the lady at concierge w. the short hair cut. She practically ignored me when I approached her at the desk....kept her head down and was typing while I stood there for atleast a minute. Finally, another concierge assisted me (only after the rest of them were confused about the whole ordeal). I complained about her unprofessionalism to Rachel as well. She assured me that she would handle that.  Bedding was another issue. Gross.... blood and other stains on the comforter inside of the duvet. Give me a break! Spoke to Ana (head of made service). After a few weak attempts to correct the problem, I finally called her up to see for herself. Finally, everything was re-placed with fresh and clean linen; straight from the dryer.  We rented an expensive car( but managed to get a discount from my job $56 /15% off...highly recommend trying to get a discount from AAA or wherever) on the 3rd day we wanted to go to Old San Juan, parking is free the 1st night. Next day a bill for $15 parking. Spoke to Carrol (this is a man with waxed eye-brows... how U doin?) Anyways, he had the audacity to say that he never heard of parking being free the first night and he's been there 4 a year. Needless to say, my boyfriend and I had enough with the shenanigans from this hotel and wanted to break his neck. He was very arrogant and treated us as if we were lying. (We were right and he was wrong). It was removed from the bill. Needless to say, seconds later, another guests was up and arms with him.  Went to timeshare presentation, stayed an hour, wanted to leave, received $75 but no trip. Went back the next day and the lady said she forgot... oh brother! Chose Hawaii over Florida but the hotel in Hawaii does not look good. So, we'll see!Recommendations: Antojitos, Carabali Bar n Grill - Rio Grande area (this also has the horseback riding with a stop at the Mamayes River) food was great...gotta go there! Angus steak and lobster tail $30. Old San Juan, Castillo Fort, Old Harbor Restaurant-OSJ. Rent the car by the day so that you can get the 1st day of free parking as it is expensive as well to park at the hotel.I do not recommend Wyndham Rio Mar. If you do stay check your bill and be prepared to pay $$$ especially the taxi and deal with arrogant people :(PS. The Timewarner people were chanting 7:30 in the morning. Just because you guys didn't pay for your trip, does not mean that you should wake all the other paying guests up in the morning with your noise!Adios!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>ADennison
<Content>An Overpriced *Conference* Resort This was the first holiday we were taking with our 4 month baby and wanted to minimize travel - hence our choice to go for an all inclusive resort. We were sadly SO disappointed! My husband and I have stayed at several resorts around the world and Rio Mar was by a long stretch, the least value for money.Firstly, Walking into Rio Mar felt like we had walked into a conference .There were business executives walking around with their conference badges (who looked like THEY needed a vacation!). So please know that this isn't a 'quiet or exclusive' resort. It's choc-o-bloc with business travelers.An extension of the point above - Everything is priced like you have an expense account. We ate at 3 restaurants and each meal averaged $75 (not including taxes)There were *MANY* entrees and appetizers that were repetitive across the restaurants, especially between Marbella (the breakfast place) and Aqua Luna (the more formal restaurant). The entrees at Aqua Luna wasn't anything to rave about and the staff ( manager included ) couldn't make any worthwhile wine recommendations. Shimas - the sushi restaurant was lovely and we would highly recommend it. Some housekeeping stuff that left us perplexed - 1) Most mornings we were out and when we returned at noon, the room service hadn't come in to clean the room. For 4 days in a row, they came in only close to 4pm. 2) They do not replace the first complimentary bottle of water with a 'pay as you consume' bottle which is the case in all resorts we have been too. When my husband enquired they said, above the cost of the bottle, there would be a $5 room delivery fee!3) After we discovered that the minibar in our room was locked, we were told that the minibars don't function - they have stopped providing this service all together !! So the minibar is like a piece of furniture :) We did however enjoy the beach and the pools !! But really the hotel needs to improve their service, or at the very least improve their standards for the price they are charging for hospitality.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	2	2	3	

<Author>kimbiss
<Content>Great, Expensive, Hotel       View of room from balcony  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>iguanaguy
<Content>great for golf Overall a great experience. We went strictly for golf. There are two courses, both well maintained and challenging. The club pro Robert is a great guy and an excellent teacher. The resort offers a golf package which is works out as well or better than a lot of places in fla and so carolina.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tom456
<Content>Excellent Resort We just returned from the Rio Grande and had an absolutely fantastic time. The reviews from this website helped tremendously. We rented a refrigerator, made the trip to the Amigo for snacks, beer, rum, and milk. Had coffee in the room each morning and happy hour each afternoon We ate off the resort the whole time. Had wonderful meals at Lolita's, King Seafood, Richie's, etc. The staff were very courteous and friendly. The conccierges were extremely knowledgeable and eager to help.The grounds are absolutely beautiful.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gabirds
<Content>Too many negatives There are too many negatives to recommend this hotel, especially at the prices that you will be expected to pay.There are many reviews highlighting the bulk of the problems, so I will try to just hit the low notes.1. I arrived without a reservation, yet despite being a Whyndam By Request ember (which is their version of a priority guest) , despite the fact that the hotel advertised a web price of $228, the hotel would not honor this, even after confirming that I was correct, they stuck fastidiously to their walk in rate of $269. Despite the fact that it was out of season and the hotel was only 35% full.2. At no time was I advised of the hotel policy of 14% resort charge, which for me came to $37 per night. In season, this charge can run $50 - 60 per night.3. What does the resort fee cover you would ask? Because I was still charged a valet parking fee of $21 per night inc tax (self parking 200 yards away is $15). And this despite the fact that most guests wait 10 - 15 minutes for their car, even when there is no one else waiting! Twice we arrived at valet to find no one was on duty, and we waited 10 minutes for someone to saunter back from lunch. I guess this is the consequence of being prepaid for a service.4. Two drinks at Marabella restaurant, which is a Denny's take off, one double rum and coke and a miniscule glass of house white wine $25. Entrees $25 - 50, side salad $11-14.5. The off color khaki sand beach was littered with garbage, some half buried, some laying obviously on top of the sand. Add to this the dirty stained plastic strap cheap beach chairs, the ambience speaks for itself.6. The first night we stood behind twelve people waiting for a seat at the only open roulette table. When I asked the pit boss if he would be opening another table, he snarled No!7, Two out of three days housekeeping forgot to replenish coffee, sugar, sweeteners etc. Which is a necessity unless you are taking the $25 breakfast.Unless you are Puerto Rican, I have to question why anyone from overseas would come here. The hotel lacks atmosphere, there is absolutely nothing to do for kids and teenagers after dark, nor adults for that matter.Having been to the very expensive Paradise Island and loving it, I feel at least there you get great service, great food, incredible beaches, dozens of water rides, excellent restaurants, great entertainment and innumerable things to do.Alternatively South Florida has a myriad of superior beaches, with better hotel choices, standards and prices than the Rio.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fcn78
<Content>Excellent Trip... Great Hotel and Staff We returned a couple of days ago from a week at The Wyndham Rio Mar. It was a great time. I'll split the review up a bit to try to hit all areas of the trip: Travel Arrangements: You should honestly rent a car for this trip. The hotel is a little far away from everything but the rainforest and a car rental is pretty cheap there. You will appreciate all the money you save on tours if you have a car. Directions from Airport to Hotel: From the airport, take Route 26 towards 66. 66 becomes a toll road is will cost you $1.50. It will bring you to Route 3. You make a right onto Route 3. Your marker is the Baelz Outlet Mall. The hotel is about 5- 10 minutes up Route 3. There are signs; you make a left and it's up the hill. Parking: If you self park at the hotel, it will cost you $15 a day. Each day you leave the hotel, you bring your ticket to the valet desk and the scan it so you can put it in the machine to get out of the deck. To save on parking, we went to the Timeshare presentation. They gave us $100 and a vacation voucher to Hawaii for 4 nights at a hotel in Maui. Worked out well, because it ended up paying for all of our parking and we only had to spend an hour listening to the presentation. Hotel Accommodations: We were booked for a resort view room. I called a week before we got there and asked for a free upgrade to oceanview, When we arrived, they weere not able to accommodate that request. After a couple of minutes of asking really nicely, they put us in a rainforest view room which I honestly think was best. The view was amazing! The room was very comfortable and well decorated. The best part, it was clean. Food: We did not eat at the hotel at all because we read other reviews that the prices were outrageous. There are a couple of resturants very close by. When you are coming out of the hotel and make a right to go up the hill a bit, there is a resturant called Ritche's. It is an outdoor traditional Puerto Rican resturant and it was excellent. It's pretty much family run. Ritchie comes to your table! There is a breathtaking view of the ocean and the food was good. We enjoyed it so much, we went back twice. Ritchie even remembered us. There is another resturant just passed Ritche's. It was ok. Cheap! I can't remember the name, but it's worth trying. The one resturant you SHOULD NOT go to is Antijito's which is on the same street as the hotel. As you are turning on the street from Rt. 3, it's the first resturant there. The food was awful. The service was pretty bad. That was the only thing I did not like about the food for the week. Things to do: The hotel is beachfront so we spent a day at the beach. The water was a bit choppy and the waves were cresting around 7- 8 feet. I actually got caught in one and ended up bottoming out and tearing up my knee. After that, I was done with the water there. Taking a walk on the beach was goregous. If you walk up the beach, there are small coves which are beautiful. You will even get views of beach and rainforest in the same picture. If you're in Puerto Rico, you should go to Old San Juan at least once. There is great shopping and really interesting little shops and streets to wander through. Great Jewelry stores also! There are lots of great little resturants down there too. It was a great time. We drove up to Farjado and took a Catamaran cruise to the caribbean side of Puerto Rico. There were great pictures and we were able to go snorkeling. The boat we went on was the Spread Eagle II and the crew was great. They serve lunch and bring you to two areas to snorkel off of. It's also a Rum cruise so that was fun too. You have to go to the Rainforest if you are staying literally across the street from it. Little hint; you do not have to pay to get into the rainforest. The Concierge at the hotel will give you a map, and you can drive and hike through it for free. There were amazing views of the beach and landscape. There are also a couple of goregouse waterfalls. Great trip; great hotel; great value. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who asks.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>beachlova2
<Content>Rio Mar was GREAT!! We booked our room on Priceline and we could not have been happier!! We loved the Wyndham and would definitely go back. I am very glad that I read the reviews before I went...by following some advice of others, it made our stay a great one. If you want a GREAT stay remember these suggestions: 1) Rent a car either at the airport (or online through Priceline/Hotwire). We rented a full size for $19 per day unlimited mileage through Priceline and got a car from the budget rental at the airport. Do NOT wait to rent one from the hotel as it is ridiculously expensive. You will be so glad you have a car to go to restaraunts, stores, rainforest, other trips, etc... 2) Call ahead/email the hotel and request an oceanview on the 6th or 7th floor...then confirm this when you check in. We did this and received a GREAT room with a BEAUTIFUL view. If you get a room on the 6th or 7th floor, you will be above the palm trees and have a direct view of the ocean...very nice. 3) Pick up a few groceries on the way (drinks, snacks,etc.)...the food/drinks are $$$ and the rooms have a small refrigerator (really more like a large cooler) and plenty of cabinet space next to it. 4) Eat outside of the resort...there are 2 restaraunts up the hill with beautiful views (Ritchies and ?). Food just okay...atmoshpere is great. There are bakeries and small restaurants off Rt. 3, La Parilla (kiosk at Laquillo Beach) is really yummy. If you do these things, you will be very happy with your stay.Staff: Very friendly and very professional.Kids Club: Other reviews said it was more like a day care...I disagree. Although there were many kids at the resort while we were there, no one used the kids club except us. Our 3 year old surprisingly wanted to stay...and wanted to return the next day even though she was the only one there. When we picked her up, we saw why. While she was there for only 3 hours she had her hair braided with beautiful beads (she really looked cute), she made a butterfly with beads, she swam in the pool and played on the slide, she went to the beach, played on the play ground and they took a picture of her and she made a cute frame out of it with shells. She loved it. It is pricey, but worth it. They have 1/2 day with lunch, full day with lunch, and night sitting...we only did 1/2 day which was either 9-12 or 1-4.Beach: Great!! At first glance, I will admit that I was a little disappointed that the sand was brown and not white...but it is soft, with clear and calm water, many shells, and great for taking long walks.Pool: Great!! Water slide, plenty of chairs, large, and there are hammocks around and very comfortable cabana-type tents with cushioned lounges and fans above for cover. The grounds surrounding the pool are beautiful and lush. There is also a childern's playground. Rooms: Great!! Beautiful views, nice and clean rooms, wonderful large bath with great shower, comfortable beds, large flat screen tvs with many movie options, mini frig, balconies overlooking beautiful views of ocean or El Yunque rainforest.Food: $$ and not very great. My son ordered room service and it was priced typically for a nice hotel...but food not so great. The pastries, sandwiches, and ice cream were good at the coffee/dessert shop next to the casino.We loved it! Go and see for yourself!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nmfMaine
<Content>Loved the bedding Spent five days at the Rio Mar. I was very impressed with the cleanliness and efficiency of the staff. They are all very well trained. I loved the bed and bedding, very restful sleep. The bad news is the food! The fish in the Italian restaurant was inedible. They were nice enough to take it off my bill. The rest of the restaurants were only mediocre and very expensive. Rent a car and eat off site. Beach is beautiful and lends itself to a nice walk.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Lily223
<Content>Loved the Wyndham Stayed at the Wyndham Rio Mar from March 9-13, 2008 with my husband and 2 boys (ages 9 and 10). We loved the location, across from the rain forest and away from San Juan! The service we received from staff was excellent! We have travelled all over the world and the same rules apply - say please and thank you and smile - you won't believe how well you get treated!Our room was spotless and cleaned every day. We did not eat at the resort due to the expense - so we rented a car and went out for our meals. Saved a lot of money that way and allowed us to see the island. We ate at Richie's - very expensive and food was only OK - but view is awesome. Also ate at Don Pepe's - reasonably priced, good food. The hotel activity pool was fun - just wish they provided a little more activity. The only thing they did have was aqua aerobics, no music. We checked out the kids club - sad. Small room geared towards little ones (under 5) and looked more like daycare than a kids club. Parking was expensive but worth it since we got a great deal on the trip. The valet is $20 per day - unlimited entries and exits. We only did one excursion - Bio Bay! It was an amazing experience and I hightly recommend it. We are on the adventurous side so it might not be for everyone. East Island Excursions was who we booked with. About $120 pp which included catamaran ride to Vieques, van to restaurant, dinner (best meal we had all week!!!), bus ride to bay, boat ride on bay. It was expensive but I think worth every penney!!!! The location of the Wyndham Rio Mar is not for everyone as there is no nightlife. We are from NYC so the hotels in San Juan did not appeal to us for a vacation, we see enough concrete and skyscrapers at home. The Wyndham is lush and green and out of the city. We had a wonderful stay and I would definitely return!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>neelique
<Content>Had a Great Time Thanks to Cheap Caribbean my husband and I spent 4 nights at this outstanding resort. Upon arrival we received a room upgrade. The room was nice sized and well appointed. Each room has a terrace with privacy wall,so you really can enjoy sitting out there. We dont golf or tennis,so really can't comment on that. The common areas in the hotel are gourgeous, as are the grounds...well maintained ,nice lawn areas and palm trees abound. The beach is more of a mix of dirt and sand, but the ocean was just perfect...sparkling clean..none of the usual noise from parasailing boats..no one bothers you on the beach...we sat under the natural shade of palm trees, although you could rent a cabana and get luxurious cushioned chairs. We rented a car which allowed us the flexibility for meals...and we really loved La Parilla which is a Kiosk on the beach in Luqillo...the area has a lot of local flavor..too bad they dont clean up there beach area because it is so naturally beautiful. We purchased a bottle of rum and fruit juice to enjoy cocktails in our room after a day at the beach. Perhaps only one draw back to the car was the daily parking fee...we chose the self parking ($15 per day) which required validation at the front desk and a long walk and elevator ride to the covered garage..each time you used the car.The pool area is pretty nice and well populated... but in my opinion, why stay by a pool when the ocean is just great. The Casino is OK...not very expensive..$2.00 for roulette and $5 for Black Jack...alot of slots..not very sophisticated. There was live music around the resort, alot of happy people . The hotel restaurants seemed pretty pricey, more for expense accounts. If you go to the resort, try to take a trip to EL YUNQUE Rainforest...it's really nice to see the views and experience the rainforest habitat.Overall, I recommend a visit before the area is over built. There seems to be alot of construction going on, so that will bring other problems...and check out Cheap Caribbean.com  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>stuckinnj
<Content>Had a great time, but no craps! We stayed at the Rio Mar from March 5-10, 2008. Four of us (including my wife and me, mid 30's and two children, 3 and 5). We had stayed here about three and a half years ago when it was a Westin. The service seemed to be better this time (according to my wife, as I didnt really recall prior service).We didnt use the kids club at all. The pool was great (kids loved the slide, which helped tire them out for nap time). Rumor has it there is an adult pool - would love to be able to see it at some time. The beach was fine, sand is kinda dirty looking but was ok (its not a beautiful sandy white beach, if that's what you are looking for).Room was adequate - if we go again, need to price out some kind of suite, since the kids go to be early, nowhere to watch tv, read, etc. - they could add a light on the balcony for that purpose.Food - very expensive, as noted throughout the reviews. The breakfast buffet was $25 pp, but they didnt charge us for our kids, which was nice. The kids menu (essentially the same at every restaurant) is the only reasonably priced items (approx $6 per item). We ate at Shima the first night, extremely limited menu. Aqualuna was actually very tasty, ate there the second night. Expect to pay at least a $100 per couple, without drinks. We ate at Antojintos (sp) at the bottom of the hill one night, it was pretty good ($50 or so). The following night we went to La Parilla (based on recommendations here) - scary location, but once inside was nice, sat near the back, view of the ocean, lots of locals with horses ($80).The last night we had pizza delivered from Antonitio's (concierge has flyer) - pizza was not very good, but passable, wings were pretty bad as well - sat by the ocean bar and ate. (heard that Ismar bakery's pizza was terrible, fyi, from a fellow traveler, so we got the other name from the lifeguard).We rented a car this trip from Thrifty, Expedia said it was in the airport, it was a shuttle ride away, not a big deal but we chose it to avoid lugging the kids and bags in a shuttle. Car was fine and driving was no problem. Used the car to go to Walgreens and Amigos the first night for supplies (ordered frig, supposed to be $25 per stay, can't now remember if they actually charged us or not). Also handy having car when my son developed an ear infection, the resort provided the name, about ten minutes away, Dr. Quintero, nice guy, got a prescription and filled it across the street at the walgreens.Casino - while redone since the Westin days, NO CRAPS! I was given various excuses, but they are allegedly working on it. Also no Let It Ride, had one three card poker table, two roulettes, a carribean stud and about five bj tables. get the club card - actually accrued $73 in comps very relatively limited play, much better than i typically do in Vegas wagering more money and playing for more time.Staff - generally very friendly and helpful.Kids loved feeding the ignuanas (daily at 11)PR itself is great - without the kids, would probably go back to the El San Juan. Otherwise, had a nice trip.pm with any questionsstuckinnj  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>miaacm
<Content>Loosing it's charm For years we've been enjoying the Rio Mar Resort seasonally. Our favorite time of the year is February, although we also love the ocean during the summer. We are very dissapointed at Wyndham's new administration of the resort. They have spent millions refurbishing and remodeling the casino and some areas at the hotel, but have spent little else at the resort. The golf courses are very badly kept compared with the previous administration. The tennis center, once renowned, receives no upkeep and the roads leading to it are filled with potholes. I heard Wyndham is planning on building over 800 time-share units at the resort. To do that, they will significantly alter and shorten the golf courses and will eliminate the entire tennis center! Management at the hotel and a 7th floor presentation of the Wyndham Vacation Club Ownership confirmed these plans to us. We were so dissapointed! The resort is not only loosing it's charm already, but it is on the way of practical extinction as we know it and towards a very unattractive concept. The food has not improved and is even pricier now. Parking is still scarce (has always been a problem) and also expensive. The ammenities in general are less than before while prices are not to par with offerings. Also, they are building huge beachfront projects that have already taken away most of the views to the ocean and the natural landscape is rapidly dissapearing. What a pity!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	4	2	

<Author>prdct
<Content>Perfect Getaway Got an amazing deal on this hotel through Cheap Carribean and could not have been more pleased with the value. The hotel was beautiful, the staff was helpful, and we were upgraded to a ocean view room.Despite everyone's advice we did not rent a car and were pleased with our decision. Yes, cabs were overpriced, but we only left the resort for dinner, and we still saved enough money by leaving the hotel for the meal that the expensive cabs did not matter that much. As far as food suggestions go, we ate at La Parilla the first night which was excellent. The second night we ate at the Mexican place reccomended to us by all of our cab drivers--Lolitas--which was cheap and tasty and the portions were huge. At both of these places we had enough leftovers for large lunches the next day. On our final two nights we ate at Richies. The food is certainly not gourmet, but the location cannot be beat--both in its proximity to the Rio Mar and its spectacular view. Both night we were greated by Richie, who is a wonderful host.The weather was perfect everyday and the ocean ideal for swimming. We also enjoyed the adult pool, and I took the occasional trip down the waterslide in the activity pool. Tennis facilities were great.We loved this vacation and highly reccomend it to others, especially if you can get a good deal on a package.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nailem10
<Content>Great Hotel Great Vacation       cabannas on the beach  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>foodie42234
<Content>Lock your valuables!!! Just stayed here for a business function. Cleaning staff went through our belongings and stole valuables. Security/Management were no help at all. Service was consistent with the rest of the island....ATROCIOUS!!! Food was awful...and that is if you can actually find a restaurant that is open. Typically, only 2 of their 8 restaurants are open for dinner.Don't just avoid this hotel, avoid Puerto Rico altogether!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>dandburt
<Content>Beautiful Time We just got back from a 4 day stay at the Rio Mar and I have to say that it was a beautifu and wonderful resort. The staff were very helpful and friendly answering and helping when asked. The only thing I could criticize is the charge you have to pay per day for self parking and the price they charge for food and mixed drinks. We did rent a car so we cut cost by both eating and drinking outside the resort every evening. We followed fellow advisor advice on that. The best restaurant by far we thought was Riche's just above the resort. Every thing we had along with the service was excellent. We traveled everyday to see the different towns and to El Yunque. Was not impressed with Yunque but it was crowded and we did not try to fight the tour crowds. Old San Juan was nice but not my cup of tea. We played at several of the local casino's along with the one at the resort and all were small but lots of fun and we did win...........................The beach at the resort was very nice even thought the water was pretty cool. Lots of room to walk or lounge.Overall this was one of the nicer Wyndham resorts that we have stayed and would reccommend.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonbob007
<Content>Great Resort I stayed at the Rio Mar on a company confernece with an extended weekend so 5 days in all. The resort is GREAT. The facilities are fantatsic and the staff are very friendly and helpful.Good choice of resturants and right on a beautiful beach. They arranged a number of tennis games for me with locals which you rarely see at other resorts.This hotel is great for romantic couples and families of all ages.Do not hesitate in booking.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>rwhipple
<Content>Much better than expected The Wyndham Rio Del Mar in Rio Grande Puerto Rico was much better than expected. I am writing this from the perspective of a couple looking for a short getaway. First of all Puerto Rico was better than expected, U.S. dollars and industry have created a strong infrastructure and jobs, good roads, downside Mc D's, BK, Costco and WalMart but, as it is in the states handy when needed. Back to the resort, rented a car so as not to be captive for the price $150 for 5 days a good idea considering grnd transport from airport approx $75 each way, downside they rip you for $20/dy valet parking, $15 Self believe me no shortage of parking just a scam, tip loose or don't use tickets when getting your car and you might miss a couple of billings. Moving on, the staff is great friendly and helpful. Not that I saw all the rooms but, we were waterfront west 2114 very nice only negative is conference crowd was using facilities below but, no later than 11pm not really a problem and somewhat fun. Room was nice, all tile very good bath. Bedding was phenomenal 800 +tc sheets and great pillow top heaven. Open the door no a/c needed. Again nick and dime on the Internet in room $14.95 /dy glossed over because free wireless in lobby not what I wanted but, adequate for a quick connect. Pools are nice, cabanas available with reservation didn't use not closely checked. Little water slide if you have kids but, nothing to write home about. Beach is nice, sand is brown not white but soft and free of stones, and shells if you like shells out of luck. Restaurants; Palio nice and good but, expensive very but, alternatives in the area not great, which include Richie's up the hill great view, food average not too expensive definitely go if clear, Antojellos misspelled but, down the hill, no atmosphere, food average at best probably better for break, lunch. Day trip to Culebra Isle was great awesome beach and local beach vendor food. Eat the Pastalilos after you get of the boat at the restaurant waterfron on the left side of the strip awesome. It is a long boat ride about 75 mins but, only $2.50. Plane costs $25.00 might want to boat out and plane back. Don't bother with hotel trip to same place unless no car. That's it don't usually write but, was compelled. The place doesn't need updating at leat what I saw of it, sour grapes by those who may have gotten a bumb room of location ask for something else. Play golf but, hate it the courses looked nice didn't play. Never went to the gym which is unusual for me, so can't comment never even looked at it. Enough go you'll should like it not sure about the day rate depends on who it' is booked through $250/dy target.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrianFFXVA
<Content>Great place if you can get a good deal Ok so I think the title is pretty self explanatory. My girlfriend and I went to the Wyndham from 2/14 to 2/18. We read a ton of reviews on this site and others, did our homework, and this is the place we decided to go (she didn't have a passport so other travel places in the Carib. were limited). Needless to say, if you've read any reviews about this place, you've read mixed reviews like we did. First of all, when we finally landed in PR, we were originally going to get a taxi but just decided to get the shuttle that runs directly from the airport to the hotel ($60 per person for a round trip). Right when you get down the stairs at the airport, there is a huge sign for the hotel and someone there who can make all the arrangements. They just found my name on the reservations list (good thing it was listed) and it was charged directly to the room. They give you these passes for the return trip, but the driver never asked for them. The charter bus was air conditioned with big windows and the driver was real nice, so I think that was better than having to deal with a cab in a country we had never been (if you have a map and rent a car, the drive looks pretty easy tho).When we checked in, I asked for a king instead of the two queens that Orbitz said, and the front desk receptionist (really nice) said they didn't have any kings left so they upgraded our room to a partial view. The room was awesome, 7th floor, partial view of the ocean. Since we were on a somewhat budgeted trip, this was a surprise to have a room so nice. (no bugs ever, bathroom was super clean, maid service everyday, new towels everyday). The only thing with the hotel room is don't plan on using the mini fridge unless you want to get charged everyday, and don't open any bottles of water because we heard they are about 5 or 6 bucks each.After we were all settled we just went to the valet and they hailed a cab for us that was onsite. (You can't really walk off the resort on the road beacuse the entrance is about a mile away and its guarded, so a cab was just easier). We just told the cabbie to take us to a grocery store (it helps to know a little spanish) and there we got all the food needed for breakfast, lunch, alcohol (they sell bottles in the gift shop at the hotel but its 3x the American price, anywhere else off the resort it was about $8 for a fifth of rum). Also, don't plan on buying cigars at the resort either because naturally, they are way overpriced. I made the mistake of not bringing any, but the convience store at the corner of the entrance had some. After all those trips, the cab driver only charged us $40 (were from DC so were used to that).The second day we walked east down the beach for a few miles and came across a strip of stores near a public beach (when you are on the beach and you see a billboard, the stores are right there). Go to La Parilla, easily the best food we had ever tasted (we walked back the last night we were there again). Get the fried pork with plantains and the garlic chicken. Each time we went, with dinner, drinks, and tip it was only about $40. The resort pretty much dies at night, but we had read this in other reviews. Go here if you want to basically just relax on the beach and do nothing. They have a bar on the beach but its super expensive, so I just brought down a cooler with drinks and nobody bothered us. They have chairs already out on the sand and if you want they can even put your umbrella in the sand for you. It was a mixed crowd, with the beach having some families and some couples like us. You can just keep pulling your chairs down the beach so it isnt too crowded. They had a kid pool and a adult pool, which shockingly had no kids. They also have waiters at the pool that can bring you whatever overpriced food/drink you want. Overall, awesome trip. Would def go back again if we could get a good deal. Would probably rent a car just so we could explore more. About 200 yards either way down the beach its deserted. Walked by a few locals either on the beach or just walking, everyone was cool.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelfinger
<Content>Service not included The total lack of service, constant delay in delivery of food, and unresponsive staff, followed in the end by erroneous billing with a staff reluctant to address mistakes, made our stay less than gratifying. Every singly meal involved a substantial delay between ordering and food delivery which, when traveling with children who are hungry, is simply not acceptable. Even when alerted at the inception of the meal, or prior to sitting, that we needed an effort at dealing with the issue, we were met with reluctance, resistance,a and a total lack of accommodation. This caused every meal to be unpleasant. The rooms were nice, if a bit small, and the pools were more than adequate. The spa facilities were small. Despite the lack of the ability of the staff to address any request in a timely fashion we were also billed incorrectly and had great deal of difficulty resolving the mistakes. The bottom line is we were underserved and overcharged, not a positive experience.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	1	3	

<Author>kjfxke
<Content>Really Unenjoyable PR Vacation - Rio Mar Just returned from a week's vacation at the Rio Mar in PR with 2 of our children and 4 granchildren and 2 inlaws with 2 other children (8 adults and 6 children in total). We were part of a modest sized group.  On a scale of 1 to 10, our opinion, TWO. First, we were to have received a lower group rate of $369 a night, however, what no one told us is that the hotel adds on a Resort Service Fee 8%, so the room is about $30 more per night. This hidden charge is, in our opinion calculated to fool the traveller and we believe is unethical and dishonest, since the room charge is not $369 but $369 plus $29.52 per night. The Hotel also added a bellman charge, but did not advise us when we checked in so we unnecessarily also tipped the bellman.  Also added in was a room housekeeping gratuity charge, which we were also not advised of but discovered when we asked for the bill the night before checking out. We also discovered one of our rooms (we had 4) was overcharged because of a mistake, but the night manager would not attend to it at the time and since we were leaving at 5 am the next day there was nothing that we could do. The night manager was less than helpful and we do not expect much more from the hotel manager, Mark Stevenson, whom we will send the information contained herein. The hotel staff appeared to be more concerned with attending to a convention group of 600 there at the same time than our modest sized group as well as small groups or individuals.  Worst yet was the meal service: Lunch at the hotel. A patio restaurant. If you were served in less than an hour after you gave your order (and you had to sit at a table to give an order since they would not take the order in advance) you could consider yourself among the fortunate. Staff alternated between unconcerned or could care less. A turkey burger sandwich with a piece of tomato that was inedible and not ripe. Dinner - although the actual food in the restaurants was tasty, the kitchen was either understaffed or incompetent. We made advance reservations at 3 restaurants for each night there and the earlest we were served was in the Japanese (an hour). The other two (the Italian and fish restaurants) averaged from an hour and a quarter to over an hour and a half after we gave our order. By the time the food came the children were tired and cranky, the parents were also the same and the experience was more unpleasant each day. Moreover, we made reservations at the early time of 6 p.m and were one of the first ones in eacfh restaurant so we could get moderately quick service - if we had come later I think a sleeping bag would have been necessary. Rooms were clean and fine and housekeeping staff was excellent. Golf course staff helpful. But these positives could not overcome all the negatives. All in all, if I had a choice for a vacation resort in PR, it would NOT be the RIo Mar and I an inclined to think this is a Wyndham problem also so we will make it our business to avoid the Wyndham chain in the future.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	4	5	1	4	3	

<Author>magisterd
<Content>Worked well for us. Suggest renting a car. For starters, I booked this last year using Starpoints when the hotel was still a Westin. Fortunately, the Wyndham honored this. I believe I might have felt differently if I was paying big $$$ for the room.We rented a car through Budget at the airport. I highly recommend this. Puerto Rican drivers scared me a little.I think that the hotel is stunningly beautiful. The lobby has a great view of the beach and the Ocean. The grounds are impeccably maintained. The staff was very friendly and efficient.We stayed 5 nights in a junior suite. The interior of the room was great. However, as a previous poster said, our view was of the roof of the 4th floor- very bad. Also we had some constant noise from the AC units on the roof. If I had paid mucho $$, I would have complained, but I did not.The self parking was very poorly run. We paid $15/day instead of $20/day for valet. I did this because I did not want to have to tip every time we picked up the car. Every time we wanted to get the car, we had to have the ticket validated near the lobby, then go to the parking garage that took 2 elevators. A waste of time.The pool was great, and the beach pretty nice. We enjoyed going to the hot tub around 9 PM. We were usually the only people there.I like to play tennis and called the tennis center looking for someone to play with. They set me up with another guest which was great. Nice courts. Note: they charge $10 per rental of a racket so bring your own if you can.We avoided the hotel restaurants after reading so many comments about their excessive cost. Instead, we ate at local restaurants which we enjoyed. Lots of fried bananas.We took excursions on our own. We went horseback riding in the rainforest, hiked El Yunque, kayaked bio bay, snorkeled and visited Old San Juan. In each case, arranging things ourselves, and driving ourselves saved about 40% from what the hotel would charge. The bio bay was diminished by the full moon- beware. For us, the highlight was our first snorkeling trip. We used the Salty Dog. The captain and crew were terrific. The snorkeling was amazing.Also be advised that the concierges and towel collectors are hawking a timeshare presentation for Wyndham. We had heard about these and were curious, so we attended. The hotel offered breakfast, a 5 day 4 night future trip in either St. Thomas or Florida and either a couples spa treatment or $75 credit. They promised no high pressure. Our sales rep was long winded, but when we said no, so accepted it. The breakfast was a joke- water, coffee and packaged muffins. At checkout they had double charged me a few days for parking and cleared that up.All in all, we loved our trip and the hotel was a pleasure.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>tennisbird
<Content>Fabulous resort, great service This resort is truly one of my favorites. I loved it! From the moment you arrive, and drive through the beautiful grounds, with golf courses, tennis courts, the view of the El Yunque rain forest, to the lobby and the rooms, I can't say enough good things. The staff was so unbelievably nice and friendly, they are unsurpassed. Constantly asked,what else can I do for you, and was extremely helpful all the time. Called your room to confirm that whatever you requested was taken care of.The grounds are gorgeous, the pools are nice, there is adequate beach with rentals (the surf was a little too rough for us to go out). Several restaurants, five free computers with free internet access in the lobby, a casino, a spa, a lounge with piano music, etc. etc.We rented a car, which I would recommend unless you want to just stay at the resort and veg out. Unfortunately, while the car was parked off premises, someone vandalized it by scratching the doors. That said, though, it happened at a nearby Hacienda, where we were able to drive ATVs through the rain forest. That experience, especially in the rain, was exhilarating, although the vandalism was not.It was a very easy 30 - 40 minute drive from San Juan, and we had a lot of freedom. If you don't have a car, they have a free shuttle that runs every 10 minutes or so to take you to the golf club, some of the restaurants, the tennis courts, etc.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AnnBethesda
<Content>only OK When we arrived, the Hotel had our reservations wrong, although we booked directly with them. With confirmation in hand, I showed them the two couples had reserved king bed rooms. They had one King reserved and one with two Queen beds. It took them over 30 minutes to find a second king bed room and check us in...not the best way to start a vacation.While we were waiting for our rooms, we went to lunch at the pool restaurant.......4 people, some wings, some salads, some drinks...........$150 plus tip, and the food was not great..Then there was the rooms, they were Holiday Inn quality, the bathrooms were old and did not have a seperate shower, the furniture was nothing special, the balcony was very small with two little metal chairs and a small round table. We were all very disappointed with the rooms.The beach was beautiful, large and not crowded. The breakfast buffet was very good. The staff was lovely. Except the front desk, where incompetence ruled. Both couples bills were wrong, had to be corrected no less than three times.I would not return to this hotel, definitely not worth it.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	3	3	

<Author>stevenb610
<Content>Best in 60 mile radius I stayed at all the hotels in a 60 mile radius. This hotel is the best. I loved it. Don't stay at the Gran Melia or El Conquistador, stay at this hotel. Great beach, casino, lobby, staff, food, etc. The Gran Melia is not good. El Conquistador is great, but no beach.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nhole
<Content>Just Like Everyone Else--- Expensive but Great       Beach  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>drapida
<Content>Lovely BUT Pricey       Beautiful View - RM 1113  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thorntree
<Content>A top notch resort that could be over the top with a few changes My wife and I spent 2 nights at the Wyndham Rio Mar following a cruise. Much of what I say or could say is probably repiticious of things said in the 400 plus reviews before us, so I will try and add a few new perspectives.This was our 6th trip to Puerto Rico in the last 5 years. We have stayed at least twice at the Condato Plaza (formerly a Wyndham) and the Marriott, both in the Condato area of San Juan and the Hampton Inn on Isle Verde near the airport. This resort which is about 30 miles East of San Juan has them all beat. It is a beautiful property in what appears to be part of a planned community of over 500 acres which includes not only this resort, but condominiums, time shares, one or two 18 hole golf courses etc. The only downsides are the expensive restaurants (which could easily cut their prices by 30%, do more business, make more money and still be above other restaurant prices) and the sound proofing issue. They should hire the company who construced the Hampton Inn near the Airport as an example of good sound proofing. With these 2 issues taken care of I would easily raise my rating to 5 stars. A special plus must be given to the smoke free Casino which is a rarity outside of Canada and made my $80 donation to the Casino Black Jack fund a little more palatable. The staff at the resort goes above and beyond to be helpfull. There are 4 (yes 4) Concierges avaiable duing the day. As for restaurant recommendations off the resort property they not only give you an extensive list in writing, but answer questions you may have on each and give you preprinted driving direction for each and any other place else you may want to go.We had our 2 dinners out at Antojitos about 5 minutes from the resort and at La Parilla about 15 minutes from the resort. Both offered tasty Puerto Rican food (meat or chicken with beans and sauce over rice) at normal restaurant prices. We also spent one morning driving thru the El Yunqke National (rain) Forest which starts about 15 minuites from the resort. The resort is in fact in Rio Grande, as opposed to being in the El Yunque Natioal Forest as listed by Trip Adviser. One pleasnt surprise which was referenced in only 1 previous review which I read was the Isamar Bakery and Pizzaria which is located at the intersection of Highway 3 and 968 before you enter the resort. Not only are the prices more than reasonable but their baked goods were delicious as were their sandwiches and provided our needs for both of our breakfasts and lunches. The clientele at Isamar is mostly local and the adjoining busineses appeared to be a little seady. This however shoul not deter you as the only alternatve at the resort is the ERB stand next to the Casino where the prices on comparable items are 2 to 4 times as expensive and they are not as good as Isamar..If your desire is to enjoy a luxurios resort without the husle, bustle and night life of San Juan, you will not be disapointed. Those more interested in Old San Juan should stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PaigeToomey
<Content>Comforts of home meets local flavor My husband and I booked a three night/four day get-away to Puerto Rico. We were a little uncertain about booking the Rio Mar after reading some of the reviews. While some of the comments are true, we had a fantastic time. The resort is beautiful and easy to get to from San Juan. You definitely should rent a car though. It will save you a lot of money in the long run if you plan on going into old San Juan for a visit and travelling to other places outside the resort. Our first day, we arrived late afternoon and self parked the car ($15 a day, no free parking). We had some drinks at the Tiki Bar on the beach. The Tiki Bar is expensive but a great location and enjoyable. We loved the beach at the resort and the pool as well- both are side by side to each other and very relaxing. They put out chairs on the beach and the swimming and walks on the beach are great- well supervised and cared for beach. The pools are beautiful with nice chairs, jacuzzi, and a nice adult only pool. We had dinner our first night at Antojitos- a local place down the street from the resort. This place was FANTASTIC and very cheap, great ambiance. The next day we played golf. Expensive and wet courses but enjoyable. We played the first 9 of the Ocean course but only a few holes on the back 9 are on the ocean. Practice range is included in greens fees and the clubhouse locker room is nice. We had lunch at the clubhouse at Iguana Pub. Again, expensive but nice. Later that day, we had a drink at sunset at Richie's. It's a local bar right up the road from the resort with great views. We went for nice runs around the resort and worked out in the gym a few times, which is fairly nice. I had a very nice massage at the spa. The views from the resort are fantastic and the water is gorgeous. We enjoyed the sand even though some people say it's dark. It's usually windy on the beach but we love the breeze. At night we would have a drink in the lobby bar which is a nice scene with a breezy patio and nice TV's located around the bar. It is also near the casino which always seems to be pretty lively at night. The casino tables are fun but the machines don't pay. Our second night we ate again off the resort at La Parilla, a kiosk restaurant a few miles down the road and it was excellent. In the mornings, we avoiding having breakfast at Marbella at the resort since we heard it wasn't any good. We usually grabbed some coffee and muffin/bagel at the snack stand next to the casino. Our third day, we drove into old San Juan, which is just gorgeous- a must! We went to El Morro near sunset and saw amazing colors and views. Later we had dinner in old San Juan at Baru which was highly recommended and fantastic. The entire time we were in Puerto Rico, the weather was great. When clouds or a bit of rain comes, it passes quickly. The only hiccup we experienced at the resort was all water was shut down one morning. But hey, it was back up and running within a few hours. We paid for a garden view but I asked for an ocean view. They said this was $100 more a day so we passed. But we ended up with a room on the west side of the resort so we actually had a view of the hillside behind the resort and the ocean in front of the resort so that was nice! People staying at the resort are extremely friendly and love toe chit-chat if you want. Yet the resort is also very relaxing and quiet but fun at the same time without it being a party-fest. Overall, the resort has beautfiul views, great pools and beach, a fairly nice staff and lots to do for both adults and children. The biggest thing is food/drinks are expensive at the resort. We had the best time eating dinner out of the resort at the local places.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itrippin
<Content>Expensive Hotel property is beautiful. Heres the problem, if you want to pay $8.00 for a 10 ounce beer then this is the place for you. After we checked out they charged me $300 more than my bill said. I have tried to contact the hotel but can never get through. Played golf once, they charged me twice also not worth $175 for 18 holes. Food is very expensive. Would not stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	2	3	4	4	1	

<Author>fantagirl227
<Content>A honeymoon experience! Ok, this will be long but it's alot of info that future travelers can use!Arrival:My husband and I just spent 5 nights at this hotel. We booked on cheapcarribean.com and got a great deal. I was nervous about the trip after reading the posts but they did help a great deal. When we arrived at the airport we saw the Wyndham sign and the lady told us to go to the desk outside and we got on the shuttle. We didn't rent a car because we're from NYC and the last thing we wanted to do is drive. Plus the stressful driving, the $15/day fee, the chances of getting lost, etc all made it an easy choice. The shuttle is $120 for 2 people, roundtrip. Check-in When we got to the hotel (40 min later) the system was down and we had to walk around in our jeans and sweaters (we just got in from ny). We went back a few hours later complaining and we got a room. It was a room with 2 queen beds facing the front of the hotel. I walked right back down to the front desk (which is on the 3rd floor) and made a fuss. Unfortunately, it did me no good because the 'system was down and there was nothing they could do'! ok, so we spent our first night as newlyweds in separate beds-they're very small queens. The next morning we went back down, got a much nicer room on the 5th floor with a king bed....couldnt get ocean view but it was ok. It was very clean, had a fridge (which is a $25 charge per stay unless you booked before 12/31/07), his and hers sinks, a scale lol, a sofa, etc.So for the first night, we settled in and went to Richie's. We paid the cab $20 roundtrip, ate a lovely dinner and called it a night.The second day we spent on the beach and made another cab ride to a grocery store at the bottom of the hill across for Antojito's. There we picked up food since the restaurants at the hotel were ridiculously pricey. We got milk and cereal, peanut butter, jelly, bread, sodas, chips, cookies, etc. it was the best thing we couldve done! we ate once at the tiki bar-it wasnt even good-a crappy chicken sandwich and a burger with 2 drinks costs $60!the next day we headed to the rainforest. We took the hotel tour and paid $76 for 2 of us and our tourguide/driver, Harry was sooooooo much fun-he was hilarious and really made the trip fun.. the rainforest itself was beautiful! Lan mina waterfalls was breathtaking! The water was cold but it was definitely well work the money. Afterwards, Harry took us to the sam grocery store we went to the night before and picked up some lunch at Antojito's across the street. They have lunch specials for $4.75!! Its a buffet of rice, beans, salad, and your pick of three entrees: chicken, pork or bacalau (salted codfish). DELICIOUS!!!!We also went to Don Pepe's another night. It was not as nice a richie's but the food was great. we got so full on our nacho appetizer that we took an entire meal home and ate it later for dinner. The people were friendly, beach could have been kept a little more clean but the water was so warm, the waves were'nt rough...the pool was great-awesome slide...not for children only, i had a blast on the thing! They had water aerobics at 1pm, iguana feedings at 11am. that was all great fun as there wasnt so much to do most of the time. we got some great iguana pictures, got to pet them, and got some exercise in at the water aerobics in the pool.some things i was expecting but wasnt true of this hotel:water bottles at the fitness center-only a water cooler, no bottlessmores at night on the beach-the place was deserted at night!music, dancing, puerto rican food! if i wanted sushi or italian, i would have stayed in NY! it was kinda boring-no offense to anyone but the hotel was full of middle aged people. no young couples-no nighlife at allllll besides the casino. the place is kinda boring but we just enjoyed our free time watching tv at night and going off the resort for dinners. gift shop stunk! everything said made in the philipines-ironic? lol and my poor husband wanted to read a newspaper...but not for $5.00!!!! we did love the lotion, shampoo, and other products. they were made by bath and bodyworks-smelled heavenly!The weather was great-it rained a few times but it pours for 10-15 min and clears up and the sun beams within minutes! It was 80-85 during the day and around 75 at night-absolutely perfect. DO wear sunscreen!!!! bugs werent really an issue at all! I bought bug spray bc people kept complaining about the bugs but really-the rainforst was bugfree- i know, thats so weird. i did get a few mosquito bites but that bc we left the balcony door open in the evening a a few snuck in. oh, everything is room charge...all the restaurants, bars, trips, etc all get chraged to your room. all u have to do is say room ####. NO id, no proof, nothing. so at checkout, we had charges that definitely were not ours...they took them off without a problem but clearly, people can say room 5520 when they are really in 6322 and there are no questions asked. so look out for that. i liked this hotel, i dont think ill come back....maybe when im 50 and i want to play golf lol but we did have a nice stay!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>lovtravl
<Content>At best average, poor service,overpriced Stayed for 5 nights. We were there as part of a large group and at the end of our stay, everyone ready to leave. The positives: nice lobby, room good sized, good quality bed, tasty food, reasonable beach by PR standardsThe negatives: very poor service, poor housekeeping, pricey dining, areas of hotel dated and/or poorly maintained, small pool for the size of hotel, minimum bar service at pool, long way from alternative diningBiggest problem was dining and service. For example, we ordered in room breakfast and our food was incorrect every morning (missing silverware, missing second coffee cup, wrong food, no salt and pepper, wrong order). Others in our group went to the steak house on the property and waited three hours for steaks that were not properly prepared.In general staff are curt and appear poorly trained. Housekeeping unable to respond to requests to provide the standard in-room coffee that comes with each room. Mulitple problems with check out. Hotel not well maintained. Ice machines broken on serveral floors. When we complained, no offer to provide us with ice. Clearly, not resort level amenities/service. At best a three star hotel and beach with two star service. We would not return.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>IllinoisPoncho
<Content>Overpriced for mediocre experience My husband and 9-month old baby andI stayed here in January for 6 days, 5 nights. We found it to be extremely expensive without the quality service to justify the cost. For example, we had no hot water during 4-6PM. Water pressure in shower is amazingly low. Steam room did not work for the 5 nights we were there, and no repairs were made despite our daily inquiries. Food and drinks are (expectedly) overpriced, and are of typical Hyatt hotel quality - nothing special. For the price we paid - about $375 a night for an ocean view suite, we were not happy with the hotel. However, we received excellent service by the restaurant staff, especially in Shimas and Marbella. This would be a nice place if you paid less for a room and did not have high expectations.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jhelms2002
<Content>Nice time overall My husband and I were on a mini-vacation and did a lot of relaxing...almost too much. The hotel was very clean, beautifully decorated, friendly staff, but no after hour activities. We normally enjoy dancing and staying out late, something we don't do at home with the kids. There were no places to do this. I am not sure if this is because of the off season or if this is normal. We found the resort to be very expensive. We were well over our budget when we left. We did have the couple's massage and enjoyed that very much. They are very nice and professional in Mandara spa. We enjoyed Shimas, the asian restaurant and The Grill Room was okay over at the Country Club. The best meal I had was the spaghetti with meat sauce at Palio...amazing. I didn't know spaghetti could be so good. The breakfast buffet was $25 per person, a sandwich at the pool was $10, and the drinks were around $12 each. The fitness center was nice, and the grounds were beautiful. The pools were lovely but too quiet. They need to break out the music! Of course, some folks want it quiet so it all depends on your definition of vacation. The resort was a 40 minute ride to Old San Juan. This was our second trip to Puerto Rico so we weren't going to take the tour, but after a few days we had to just to find something to do. If you want quiet and relaxing, this is your place! If you want some entertainment, you might check out someplace else.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>JWB55Boston
<Content>Mommy  We just got back from a 5-day/4-night stay at the Wyndham Rio Mar and enjoyed our stay immensely. We brought our 7 month old daughter and found the convenience of a big resort to be a lifesaver. With her early bedtime we ended up eating at the resort for most of the nights. We thought our meal at Palio was the best. Shima (Japanese restaurant) was good, too, but we ended up eating the appetizer there and taking the rest back to the room due to the baby's tiredness. Aqualuna's food was unimpressive. They bill it as a seafood restaurant but only offer 3 types of fish with 3 sauces and only prepared by grilling. You have to take a shuttle van from the main hotel to the restaurant on the complex but the vans came every 15 minutes so it was no big deal and a nice change of scenery. Depending on your budget, the restaurants are on the pricey side but that's hotel dining for you. (On a side note, the concierge recommended Richie's cafe up the hill from the complex. It has a great view. The food was okay but not fabulous. The owner was very nice.) The breakfast place, Maribela's, was not impressive although the staff was very nice. The bakery by the casino was very convenient and economical. Pros: The staff was super friendly and very accommodating. I kept commenting to my husband how nice they were. (I was amazed since so many places are indifferent to guests.) Random staff members would great you in the hall and elevators. Restaurant wait staff were all very nice as well. Our rental car had a small scrape from the valet. When we pointed it out, they immediately accepted the damage and prepared the paperwork for us. (It was such a relief since I believe many other places would have tried to deny it and give you a big hassle.) Cons: The toilet flush sounds like an airplane flush (i.e. super loud!) When you're trying to keep a baby asleep, it makes you cringe. Also, the clock shone a bright blue that lit up the room in the dark yet made it impossible to read the time. Good for us who did not bring a night light for the baby but probably bad for other folk. I got bit by bugs on the last day at the pool but it may have been a random incident. (I did NOT get bed bug bites as another reviewer commented. Whew! The bugs always seem to find me.) The hotel is set back from the main road and you feel like you're driving for a long time within the compound. The signage could be a little better to get you to the actual hotel building. We did not see that many kids at this hotel but found it to be very family-friendly. They have an iguana feeding everyday that's fun.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>ClaudiaJG
<Content>imprisoned in Puerto Rico The hotel was nice and the grounds beautiful. We enjoyed our room but agree that sound proofing between rooms in this high end hotel was nonexistent. The staff was courteous and friendly. However we felt like we were imprisoned. The hotel is remote, set on a large property, one hour outside San Juan. The only cabs available are through the concierge and charge $30 to go down the road 5 minutes, $80 one way into San Juan; the only rental car company available at the hotel is Avis and they charge $70 per day for a compact; no other company will deliver a car to this remote location. The food at the hotel was mediocre especially given the price and you really do need to go elsewhere to eat. As other people have written, the water is very rough and often difficult to swim. I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ayeleet920
<Content>Not worth the money This hotel LOOKS much nicer than it is. It is very expensive, and massive (too big) - and yet they charge for everything. If you have a car, you are forced to either pay $15/day to self park or $20/day for valet parking. The only free wireless internet is in the lobby - it costs $15/day to have it in your room. The restaurants all cost about double what they should, and only the Italian restaurant is really worthwhile. It is a beautiful property, however, and very close to the rainforest (dont do the hotel-organized tour, go yourself!). The pools are big and well-maintained, and the beach is nice but the ocean is pretty rough. Overall, not worth the money to book directly through the hotel.6.5/10  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>AGuadalupe
<Content>Heavenly Beach  Absolutely loved this resort. My husband, 9 mth baby, and I stayed here for a 5 day weekend. The staff was very attentive and the resort grounds were beautiful. The private beach alone is worth staying here. One pool for adults, another for activities, kiddie pool, two whirlpools, private cabanas.... it is all about relaxation and comfort. The resort was very family friendly with a good mix of singles and families. The only downside to Rio Mar was its distance from Old San Juan - about 40 min which is nothing considering most of the time you'll be at the beach and pools.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ceo3west
<Content>Very nice resort Went for a 4 night weekend on Jan. 17th. Was skeptical after reading some of the reviews on here, but I was pleasantly surprised. Granted, the food was in fact expensive, but that should be expected for a resort like this. Seems people are expecting Applebee's prices at a 5-star resort, not going to happen. Regardless, we found ways around this thanks to many helpful reviews on this site.The first thing we did was rent a car at the airport. As many posters have mentioned, this is a MUST. We got a car on travelocity for $98 for four days. Trust me, you will end up paying more in cab / shuttle fees if you don't rent a car. The one thing I didn't like was the PR drivers, they are the worst Ive ever seen. Be careful. After renting the car, we stopped on Rte. 3 at Amigo's, which is a grocery store like any other in the states. Ended up getting breakfast, snacks  beer for four days - bext decision we made. We would have paid out the ear for food at the hotel.Upon arrival we were treated nicely by the staff  checked in right away. We didn't get an upgrade because we booked through a thrid party, but they did give us a room with a King bed and partial ocean view which was nice. I highly recommend booking through skyauction.com - we ended up getting the room for $170 per night (includes all taxes  fees), which is about 50% off the rate on orbitz or travelocity. The only thing I didn't like was teh parking - it was $15 per overnight stay, but you have to get the ticket validated at valet each time you leave the garage.Another thing to be aware of is the fact that it rains a lot in PR. It rained the first day, so we ended up going to the El Yunque rainforest that day which was great. Again, you'll need a car to get there unless you want to pay the resort about $40 or so to take you there. The trails  sights are free if you have a car. Be sure to check out the La Mina falls - take the Big Tree trail to get there.The second day was clear outside, so we did a snorkel trip. This was the hilight of the trip. I recommend going on the spread eagle II trip (do an internet search for spread eagle puerto rico). It is lesser known than many of the other snorkel boats there, as was in evidence that day. We had about 25 people on a huge catamaran, while many other boats out that day were packed with what looked like 60 or more. The cost is $75 per person and includes snorkel gear and an all you can eat lunch. Best value on the trip. They take you to a secluded island off the east coast, and tropical fish eat out of your hand. It was great. Again, you'll need a car to get there as it is about 15 miles from the resort. The resort can take you snorkeling, but it will cost you a fortune.We hung out at the resort on day 3, and it was great. The beach is nice but don't expect a white sand beach of say Aruba. It was nice nonetheless, and the water was clear  warm. Also, the resort grounds are as people here describe - picture perfect.As for food, we ate at many of the restaurants folks here mentioned. Richie's is a must, but go just before sundown for an amazing sunset view. We also went into Old San Juan one day which was nice, reminded me of the French Quarter in N.O. a bit, but hilly like San Fran.Overall, I would highly recommend this place, but go in knowing that if you plan to eat at the hotel, it will be $$$. And don't play the slots in the casino - they don't pay.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lynnieBH
<Content>Don't come here! The first room the hotel put us in had a view of a wall 10' away. When we asked for another room, we were placed above the entrance so we got all the bus fumes and noise from the bellmen and valets for 5 days. We asked for a beach view room, but were told there was nothing else available for all of the five days we were there. When over $300 was taken from our room, we were told perhaps we never had it or we had left our door open.There is a mandatory addtional tip fee of $12 for the bellman to bring your carry-aboard suitcase to your room. Also, a $4/day tip to the cleaning lady in addition to what they may have already helped themselves to. You will not know this till you have already tipped everyone and checked out.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	4	2	2	2	

<Author>Almos
<Content>Bring your wallet if you want to eat there. My husband and I booked a long weekend here in September, rolling the dice on hurricane season, but it turned out fine. There were daily downpours, but when they were done, the sun came out and it was fine. I had booked this hotel before reading the reviews, so I was a little apprehensive after reading them. I hadn't rented a car, I thought we could just hang out at the resort and eat our meals there. Well, it being hurricane season, there was generally only one restaurant open each evening. The shocking thing, though, was the cost of the food! A hot dog, I kid you not, at the beach bar, was $12! The food was not even that good, and I'm not fussy. We ended up taking a taxi offsite for dinner because we really felt like we were getting ripped off. We live in the Boston area, so it's not like we aren't used to pricey restaurants.They did upgrade us when we arrived, and so we had a one bedroom villa that overlooked the ocean so that was great. Of course the hotel was half empty, but still it was nice that they did that. It was very spacious and the hotel staff did a good job.We didn't have any issues with any construction while we were there, and in fact the only big event was the opening of the casino.All in all, I don't think I'll return here. We've been to lots of different hotels in Puerto Rico and this wasn't my favorite.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>p_wenzel
<Content>Trip of a Lifetime Trip of a lifetime in Puerto Rico.A magical Christmas Vacation.First, the only reason we chose Puerto Rico was because we realized (too late)that our passports had expired. Turned out to be a fortunate thing....We stayed at the Wyndham Rio Mar Beach Resort and had a great experience (We definitely recommend it if it fits your budget) - the room, the food (maybe a bit pricey), the service, special activities set up for the kids. All was good..The kids enjoyed their morning football games on the huge green lawn area...Seemed like 20 kids of all ages on the field every morning, Was fun to watch..The beach was great, a little too rough some days (am told Christmas Winds tend to kick up a bit during late December) but others were good for boogie boarding, etc. though caution flags were out. Dave at the dive shop in the hotel was so nice, a wonderful man and a wealth of information. Gave us tips on where to go and what to do. Was even able to get us set up on a sold out excursion to The Bioluminescent Bay (which is quite an experience). But the real magic began when we met Felix, a great guy full of great stories, and his boat captain Tommy. They made our trip truly memorable. They took us (by boat) anywhere we wanted to go. You really need an experienced captainwho knows the waters here.. We spent one day trolling for Kingfish (caught one too) and snorkeling in a beautiful island bay just off the mainland. .Tommy even taught the kids how to  line fish by simply holding a line with a hook on it (no rod or reel) ! They had the best time. My nine year old daughter caught four grouper that day..Felix grilled them on the boat for us! Now thats fresh fish..AND FREE TOO! If you are planning a trip to Puerto Rico and want to make it unforgettable, email [-].We loved it so much we are planning another trip for Thanksgiving 2008.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marie49125
<Content>Very pleasant resort - Food below average This resort is clean and peaceful, nice landscape, huge pools with nice beach towels. (there is a resort fee/day that is not included in your initial booking price)We had a room in the east wing with partial ocean view which we did not request and were happy to get.Corridor rooms to go the your bedroom looks old but bedroom itself is clean and very nice appointed. Large screen TV, good bed and linens. Bedroom and bathroom has tiles so it really clean. We were given extra towels every night.No need to buy internet connection, as it is free wifi in the lobby (they also a free internet cafe) which you can also get in the patio or in your room if you are facing or close to the lobby (if not you can buy a connection in your room).Staff is very courteous.Casino is small but will entertain enough if you like this sort of games.The only negative side of this hotel is clearly the food, but my husband and I came to the conclusion that it's not only in the hotel but Puerto Rico itself.At the hotel food is way overpriced but that's usually the case in hotels. The problem is there was nothing good at all. The little shop by the casino were providing much better sandwhich or yogurts and fruits than any other restaurant/cafe at the hotel.Lunch : salads at SeaBreeze are fine - no stomach problems, Burgers or fruit plates at Tiki Bar by the beach as well.Someone mention Richies (a restaurant outside the hotel) it's all frozen food and it did not tasted any good. We all got sick ! The view is wonderfull though.The restaurant at the country club was a joke but very well maintenaned.Lats thing : do bring a lot of spray or cream to protect yourself from mosquito bites, especially in the evening.Overall a very pleasant stay, but next time I'll bring some food, or I'll know how to dine on a fruit diet.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>p0212
<Content>loved the westin rio mar We stayed in the Rio Mar Village in a condo on the golf course. I really enjpyed it. Our villa pool was very nice and quiet. When we wanted more activity we went down to the main pool. The beach was clean and the water was beautiful. The water was a bit rough most days. I did get bit up by bugs, but that happens to me in every tropical place we go to! Food was very expensive at resort pool ($12 for a burger, $12 for small pina colada). But it was a beautiful resort!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tthompson2007
<Content>Review and Tips when Staying At the Rio Mar First off the hotel is in good shape and the staff were extremely friendly to us. I think the people that give bad reviews for the most part expect too much or leave everything to chance. We stayed at the Rio Mar for 7 days and did just about all there was to do in the area. Here are my tips to getting the most out of your stay: This is a little long, but trust me read it all and it will save you a lot of money and headache.CAR/PARKING:1. Rent a car - You can get one at SJC airport for about 27.00/day including tax. You will save yourself TONS of money in the end by doing this and you will have a much better time. We used the hotel valet service at 20/day. You can also self park for 15/day. I personally would rather pay and extra 5 dollars/day and have the staff run back and forth to the garage. They always got our car within a few minutes of us giving the valet ticket.When driving to the Hotel from the airport TAKE THE TOLL ROAD. It's 1.50 each way and it's much faster (especially during rush hour) than the regular road. The toll road doesn't take you completely to the hotel but you'll save a lot of time and it's worth it. We talked to a couple that got stuck in traffic for 3 hours when they drove on the regular highway. It took us about 30 minutes using the toll road. 2. To defer some of your parking Costs you can do the 1.5 hour timeshare presentation. Go in the morning....get your free breakfast/juice/coffee and get 75.00 dollars off your hotel bill. Depending on how long you stay this should help a lot on your 20/day parking charge. All you have to do is ask at the Concierge desk. They initially offered us 50.00 but not too hard to get them up to 75.00.HOTEL:1. Call the hotel a few days BEFORE you arrive. We had a resort view room booked. I called 2 days before and chatted with a lady in reservations and asked her to try to upgrade us to an ocean view room. When we arrived I asked for her again (she remembered me)...a smile and slipping her 40 dollars under the table later we were in an ocean view suite. Obviously we got lucky, but most of the people we talked to that asked got upgraded. If you don't call ahead of time be prepared to get put in a room with two queen beds instead of a king. Even though you may request on up front, they don't guarantee you one. If you will call ahead of time...maybe even a few times you will greatly increase you chances of getting upgraded as we did. If you book online and just show up I would say you have a better than 50% chance of NOT getting what you want.SITES TO SEE:1. If you do anything you MUST go see the Bio Bay. There are only a few in the world and the best one is in Puerto Rico. [-] tells you about it if you haven't heard. My advice if you go is to NOT take one of the local tours from the hotel. They shuffle you like cattle and it's expensive. One of the ladies at the hotel hooked us up with a local that gives a few tours a week to the bio bay in his own rubber raft with electric motor (instead of a canoe that you paddle yourself). It's much more personal...he spends a lot more time showing you the lagoon and it's cheaper. (50/person). He's really nice and has lived in PV all his life. He also owns a cafe/bar near the beach and gives Kiteboarding lessons near the hotel. His name is Miguel and you can reach him at [-]. 2, Go see the Rainforest. If you rented a car you can drive yourself through at your own pace for free. There are 24+ miles of trails that you can park and walk down. If you only do one of them...make sure to take the one that leads down to La Mina water falls. (I think this is how it's spelled).RESTAURANTS/FOOD:Don't eat at the hotel as it's WAY overpriced. We didn't eat a single meal here. (you can do this if you rented a car!) A little known fact is that you can request an in room refrigerator and microwave for free (at least it was free when we went). There is a grocery store not far from the hotel called Amigos. We bought beer/wine here and food for breakfast and lunch. This will save you a ton of money. We ate out at different restaurants evey night...but enjoyed our wine on the balcony before hand and in the evenings when we got back. You can also take your beer/snacks with you to the pool instead of paying 8 bucks a drink from the hotel.Near the Hotel: A. Richies is up the hill from the hotel and it has an awesome view of the ocean. The entire restaurant is open air...it has good food and not too expensive. If you go here...I would suggest doing it in the evening. B. Brass Cactus was a good sports bar kind of place in luquillo. Inexpensive food...atmosphere is somewhat lacking but the food is good.  C. ***Don Pepe's is a GREAT little restaurant at the bottom of the hill. It doesn't look like much but its good. They have daily lunch specials for like 6 dollars. Old San Juan Restaurants: A. If you eat at one place in Old San Juan eat at Restaurante Raices. They serve really authentic Puerto Rican food and is very reasonable. The staff was very friendly. B. If you want an upscale restaurant and don't mind spending 70+ per person then try Marmalade Restaurant and Wine Bar. The food was delicious and the service impeccable however you'll pay for it. If you like fine dining..then give it a whirl. If you're really adventurous they have a 10 course with wine paring that is awesome. FYI...the white bean soup is a must!!OTHER:I would highly recommend going to Old San Juan at least a time or two while you're in PV. If you go at night...and especially on the weekend expect the streets to be COMPLETELY jammed with traffic. My advice is to park the first place you find and walk the rest of the night. A Trip to the El Morro Fort in Old San Juan is also a must (they close at 5pm I think).If you get the chance stop by the El San Juan hotel and Casino one night.Cell phones work in San Juan and we were able to make calls back and forth to the states with Sprint at no charge.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Road_Perra
<Content>Nice rooms but constant construction ruined beach/pool time Stayed at the Wyndham Rio Mar for 3 nights the week before Christmas. The room was nice and roomy with comfortable beds, a large bathroom and a terrace that overlooked El Yunque. Our only complaint is that there was construction going on all day the entire time we were there. From early in the morning until late afternoon there was jackhammering, sawing, and all kinds of construction. Not ideal for a resort vacation. A notice or apology of some kind from management would have been appreciated, but NADA! Fortunately we rented a car and were able to get away from the noise, but the point was to enjoy the resort and not have to go somewhere else! We got a really good rate on priceline, but if I had paid full price, didn't have a car to escape the noise and expected to have the experience that they advertise on their web site it would have been disastrous.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>kholley
<Content>Itching to get home! Wyndham Rio Mar in El Yunque Rainforest, Puerto RIco was one of the most beautiful and tranquil resorts that I have ever been to. Unfortunately, our 4 day trip ended not a minute too soon, as the bedbugs reigned supreme at the resort and quite frankly, sent us packing! Loved the resort, hated getting eaten alive!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traxnyc
<Content>I liked it! Just got back from five days at the Wyndham and was pleasantly surprised, given some of the reviews on this site. The hotel is in great shape, grounds are beautiful, most of the staff I dealt with couretous and competent and overall, it is a very nice resort. True, food prices are high but you would find that to be the case at most other resorts like this one.Overall, quality was pretty good at all the restaurants -- Grille Room, Palio, Asian, Marbellas - especially like the beach food for its convenience and setting. Recommend this resort if what you want is a relaxing trip reading at the beach, sunning and just plain lying around, rent a car -- visit the local beaches and tastes at Luquillo - just 10 minutes away. The El Yunque rainforest hike was fun too. If you know what to expect, you won't be disappointed --might be pleasantly surprised like me. this is a nice place to spend a few days!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>traveldad1007
<Content>Nice, but pricey. Much preferred our time in San Juan I arrived early with my wife for a conference the first week of December. We enjoyed the hotel -- lovely facility and grounds, nice comfortable rooms, sufficient work out facility. We're not big beach resort people and were glad we rented a car in San Juan (although driving in Puerto Rico traffic is not for the timid!). Food: Count me with the reviewers who say that pricing was brutal. $25 for the breakfast buffet (and good luck getting out for under $20 per person ordering off the menu)? $90 for unsatisfying dinner for two at the Japanese place? $130 for decent (but nothing special) Italian cuisine at Palio? Eesh! They make it hard not to spend money. The last morning we grabbed breakfast at the bakery/hole-in-the-wall at the entrance road/Route 3 and got a ton of food for under $10. Wish we'd seen it sooner . . . My wife would not have been comfortable journeying into the five-minute drive away part of Rio Grande, though, so I'm not sure what options are there. Bargain eating on site? The casual place at the golf club was good and resembled non-resort prices. The ice cream/sweets kiosk was a good deal and tasty, but they closed it our last day to re-open it as something else.Nickel and dime: $14 bell hop fee that we learned of upon getting our bill at the end. Tip for housekeeping? Already included. Learned about THAT one at check out, too. $15/day to self-park . . . Really enjoyed our rainy trip up to El Yunque. Also had a ton of fun in our two trips into Old San Juan. Next trip to San Juan? Will either splurge to stay at El Convento in Old San Juan or pck one of the hotels on the strip in San Juan and rent a car to day trip into the countryside.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Antiguan
<Content>Simply Great!!       living room  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>delsino
<Content>Nice Resort, Average Experience       Visit San Juan the city is amazing!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>oneviking
<Content>Wonderful place to stay! We just got back from a 5 night stay at the Rio Mar. Great hotel! Check in was fast and easy. The staff very courteous and friendly. They had upgraded our room to an oceanfront instead of a gardenview. Wonderful! The hotel was extreamely clean and well maintaned. The landscaping was perfect with flowering shrubs, and palm trees. The large beach is very nice with plenty of umbrellas and chairs available for hotel guests. They even have bar service right on the beach. Great free-form pools and nice hot tubs. Nice outdoor restaurant for lunch or snack right by the pool. We had supper at Marbella restaurant the first nignt. It was very good. The food and drinks were a bit pricy at this hotel, but that is to be expected at a place of this caliber. There is a bakery/ pizza shop a mile down from the hotel that serves breakfast for just a few dollars. Try Ritchie's for dinner. They are located up on the hill behind the hotel. If you want a reasonable, really good dinner, Don Pepe's is the place to go. The hotel had a very nice gift shop with good variety.Reading some of the other reviews, I really don't understand what some people expect. I have travelled to several places in the world, and I have been to many top class hotels. This is one of the best hotels I have been to. You should rent a car, though. The hotel is a good distance from San Juan or any other sizable city.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dinanicj
<Content>Family friendly resort       Ocean view - from hotel balcony  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>LilyXYZ
<Content>Not my scene I was here for a conference so didn't choose it, but I was looking forward to the beach and some winter sun. The hotel is set in fine grounds with attractive pools and a long sandy beach. However, the sea was very rough and it was not possible to swim in the sea. My main gripe is over the rooms. They are a good size but have two large beds which take up all the room. One king bed and arm chairs would be preferable. The first room I was given was at the back overlooking an ugly roof with loud noise from the air conditioning system. I asked for a move which was arranged after asking three times and was given a room with partial sea view. The air conditioning only blew ice cold air keeping the room at about 62 degrees so I had to turn it off as despite my complaining nothing was done. It was so cold at first that when I opened the door to the balcony the whole room was enveloped in condensation. The other problem was the lack of sound proofing between rooms, and I was kept awake one night until 2 am by next door's TV. All my colleagues were disappointed with their rooms at the back overlooking car parking or flat roof areas. Definitely make sure to book a sea facing room above the third floor.The restaurants were pricey, especially for wine which had exorbitant mark-up, and the food in the Asian restaurant was disappointing, whilst the Palio Italian was good.The location is less than ideal being so far from San Juan so that a car is really essential. The hotel shuttle is expensive and I paid $50 to go into Old San Juan.Overall I found the hotel too big and I missed having anything else in the vicinity which meant being tied to the hotel restaurants.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	1	3	3	2	3	

<Author>JuneSNewYork_NY
<Content>Below average We have just returned from a 12-day vacation at Rio Mar Beach Resort. We have previously stayed at the Ritz-Carlton in Isla Verde. However, as the Ritz changed their pet policy (we like to travel with our 4.5 lbs Chihuahua, Bruiser), we figured that we would give Rio Mar a try even though it is a little far from San Juan.We rented a car at the airport. The driving instruction that the hotel provided was very clear. We also brought our GPS with us, which worked great (we highly recommend it). Once we entered the hotel property, however, there was no clear sign for the hotel lobby. So, we got lost and ended up on the Condo side, and the hotel employee had to escort us to the lobby area.Check-in was relatively efficient. We got to the hotel around 12:30 p.m. Because our room was not ready, we killed time by having lunch and sitting at the beach up until about 3:00 p.m. Once we got to our room, the electronic card keys did not work. So, a maid who happened to be around on our floor had to let us in. From then on, different hotel employees kept knocking on our door (six different times within approximately one hour). Finally, we got a little annoyed and we asked for a Do Not Disturb sign. I think that this is the only hotel we ever stayed, which did not provide the Do Not Disturb sign in the room. We had to ask for it twice, once to the turndown service guy and the concierge.Our room was located on the second floor on the West wing. If you can, definetely ask for a room located on the higher floor. There is a bar around the lobby, and especially on Fridays and Saturdays, the music is very loud and the noise will keep you awake if you are an early riser like I am. In fact, a couple staying on the same floor was moving to the higher floor, because they wanted to get up early to play golf the following day. Another thing that we were not happy with was that we could hear other people talking and laughing in the hallway in the middle of the night from our room. This woke us up a couple of times, especially over the weekend.We have to say that the room itself is average. We stayed in the room with Partial Ocean View. Not sure whether this is worth it, as our room was facing the East wing of the building. We could see the ocean only from the balcony, which was not that impressive. The bed was very comfortable.The hotel property, however, is nice with a long beach. We spent most of our time sitting at the beach. This is not, however, the prettiest beach we've seen (we've been around all over Caribbean). One thing to note is that during the winter season, the ocean is pretty rough. So, you will not be able to go into the ocean unless you use the pool. They had a red flag out the whole time we were there, which means you cannot swim in the ocean. We thought that the hotel should have kept the beach cleaner. We noticed that there was a track going by one day on the beach attempting to pick up stuff from the beach like seaweed. But, the driver was just going around in circles, not picking up anything. This went on pretty much from 9:00 a.m. till about approximately 10:30 a.m. This type of work would be completed by 8:00 a.m. at other resorts that we stayed in the past, so that the guests will not be disturbed. So, we were annoyed by the noise and the smell of gas when we were trying to relax at the beach. We are from Manhattan. So, the whole purpose of our vacation is to get away from unnecessary noise.With regards to the hotel restaurants, food was average like any other hotels, with the first class restaurant prices. It was a good thing that the breakfast was included in our package. Otherwise, buffet will cost you over 60 dollars for two including tip daily.The best restaurant at the hotel was the Grille Room located in the Golf Club house. Food was very good and the service was excellent. But, since we had a car, we drove to our favorite restaurants in San Juan. We definitely recommend Pikayo located in Museo de Arte de Puerto Rico, Santurce (make sure that you are well dressed, as this restaurant is quite fancy) and Marmalade in Old San Juan. Both are absolutely excellent.With regards to other resort facilities, fitness center was no thrill. It's very small and in my opinion, quite depressing. During our 12 day stay, some cardio machines were broken and never got fixed. The area for free weights is extremely small, maybe enough room for 3 people.Swimming pools are very nice. But, avoid the acitivity pool if you want peace and quiet, as there were too many screaming kids.Finally, a night before we were to check out about 9 p.m. after our dinner at Pikayo in San Juan, we went to the front desk to obtain a copy of the bill. The front desk person explained to us that there was an issue with the credit card and now we are not allowed back in our room. Two nights prior to this, we received a letter that the hotel did not have our credit card information. This to us was very strange as we provided our credit card with $50k credit line when we first checked in. It turned out that they were confused as we made our reservation with Amex and we subsequently provided our Mastercard. But, initially, the front desk person made it sound like it is our fault , when in fact, it was a hotel system issue. To us, this was totally unacceptable, being incovenienced by not allowed back into our room, with our poor dog waiting for us in the room.Overall, we are not sure whether we were totally happy with our experience at this hotel. Plus, if you like to eat at great restaurants, this location is way too far. Although it is approximately 20 miles away from San Juan, driving was extremely painful. Most of the ways to San Juan will be on route 3, which have too many lights (people tend to sleep at traffic lights in this area and do not move right away even after the lights change to green). We always thought that San Juan had psychotic drivers. But wait till you get to this area. There will be whole bunch of drivers racing from one red light to another, constantly cutting people off without signaling. So, for people like us, who like to go to San Juan for dinner, this was too stressful. As stated above, we both drive in Mid Town Manhattan. So, we are used to very aggressive driving.Finally, would we come back to this resort? Probably not. We definitely cannot say that this was our favorite vacation spot. The only reason we will return is if we cannot find any other place which accepts small pets.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>kferrell
<Content>Great Stay! My husband and I went to the Rio Mar from Nov. 27-Dec.2 and I have to say that I was extremely nervous after reading many of the postings, but we ended having a great stay! When we arrived Otis at Check -in was extremely nice and asked about our trip in and if we were there for any special reason, it was our 10th anniversary. He upgraded our room to an Ocean Suite on the 5th floor which was a very nice surprise! The room was nice with a sitting area that had a couch, reading chair, coffee table and end tables and a desk area. We had a decent size balcony. Other reviews of the walls being thin is very true but we only had someone next to us 2 nights so it was not a big deal. The bathroom was off of the foyer area. The bathrooms could use a little work though, the vanities are nice with the granite and the tile floors but the shower/tub had two chips in them, the shower head was ancient and the shower was small. Over all the room was clean as was the bathroom, but like I said the shower/tub were old so there was no chance I would be taking a bath especially sine there is not much room to do so. The grounds are gorgeous like everyone said. You really can't describe the beauty of them and I don't think that the pictures do it justice either. From the moment that you drive into the resort you are stunned by the view straight out to the ocean and the beauty of the lush vegetation. We walked around the grounds and there are many iguana residents but they are not bothered by us, small getcos and coquis that you hear at night mainly. We sat on the beach everyday except for the last day where we sat at the quiet pool. The beach is very nice and we found a little palm tree heaven a little was down the beach that great for some privacy and shade if you didn't want to be in the sun all the time. The food was good but definitely pricey! Luckily our breakfast was included otherwise for the buffet everyday you are looking at around $60 for two including tip and taxes which are 7%, I live in Delaware so no tax that is why I was surprised at how high it was. Be careful though one day our waiter Kelvin who was not that attentive included the tip in the bill already and did not tell us luckily I was paying close attention going over the bill that day. I guess that explained his poor service since he know he already put in the tip. No other waiters did that thought. The buffett was plentiful and good, the pancakes, bacon, scrambled egss, etc. that were in servers could have been a little warmer. We ate at Palio which was delicious and not as outlandishly priced as I was expecting. The tiki bar by the beach is where we ate lunch and was ok food wise but the drinks were spectacular. This is the only place that we encountered a rude staff member and it was not so much to us as it was to another guest that was having lunch there. Needless to say after that day we did not see him there again and that was our second day there. I guess he must have been moved to another area. Definitely rent a car, it is a must! To get from the airport to the hotel is about 45 minutes and you only pay 1.50 toll if you take Rt.66 there. We self parked everyday for $15 a day, valet is $20 a day whcih I think is crazy to pay that much for the parking. It is great to have a car because the shuttle to the hotel is about $50-60 a person and then you are confined to the grounds unless you want to pay about the same price to go over to the rainforest or any other excursion that is offered. We went the first day to the grocery store and got some snacks and water for the week and we were able to drive over to the rainforest and go out to local areas at our leisure which helps to keep food costs down. Overall it was a great trip very relaxing and the hotel staff was very curteous and friendly going out of there was to greet you or to see if everything was to your liking. I would recommend this hotel to others and would go back myself.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Hanaspop
<Content>Excellent Resort This is s a wonderful resort property on the oceanfront, about 1 hour drive from San Juan Airport, and just a short drive to the El Yunque rainforest. The service is excellent and the staff friendly. There is great golf, tennis, two pools (one with a kiddie slide, and the other long enough to swim laps), spa, casino, in room internet and cable, beach and watersport activities. The restaurants are all top quality, although a bit pricey. They do nickel and dime you on fees (ie daily parking fee, resort fee, housekeeping fee), but if you get an offseason or mid week room rate you still get terrific value. There is an airport shuttle, and day tours available, but it helps to have a car to get out and explore the island.I liked the proximity to smaller towns outside of the traffic and congestion of San Juan. There are less expensive dining options in nearby Luquillo and Fajardo, and you must visit the famous kiosks near the Luquillo Beach exit (only 10 minutes away) for inexpensive home cooked foods. It may look a little intimidating to the nervous traveler hoping to eat at a gleaming US eatery, but I found them friendly, inviting and very casual. If you are travelling with children, you will want to visit the famous Luquillo beach . For the $3 parking fee, there are restrooms , shady picnic areas, and one of the best beaches on the island. If you are single, you can venture to the same beach by parking behind the kiosks for free, then walk 30 yards over to the kiosks for a cold beer and snacks when you need them. I was there mid week: there were no crowds and it was very relaxing. I hear weekends get crowded and busy.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>apax91
<Content>Great Vacation! Got back from the Rio Mar about a week ago. Everything was great. We did not really experience many of the troubles that others seemed to have.Our check in was great, we had a corner room facing the rain forest and the view was amazing. Ate at the sushi place on the grounds the first night. it was good, but expensive. Overall, we'd recommend leaving the grounds for meals since there are so many great local places very close.Place to check out:Richies - the best food we had by far. Its 2 minutes from the grounds and has amazing views. Its all outdoor seating. The food is absolutely terrific and we went back twice to try everything we wanted. Highly recommend the Mofongo, Tostones, all of the seafood and the guava/passion fruit dessert. Richie, the owner, is extremely gracious and a wonderful host. They really took care of us and you should definitely check it out.That leads to renting a car. its an absolute must for visiting this area of Puerto Rico. We got a great deal on hotwire. get one from the airport as the rates at the Avis in the hotel are much higher.The beach and pool areas were great, and there was a nice mix of families and couples, young, old and in between.We hiked in the rainforest one day and that was great. Dont take the hotel's tour, just drive to the visitors center, pay the couple of dollars, and speak to the park rangers. They'll set you up with some good hikes that fit the time/type you want. If you dont want to hike at all, there are still some waterfalls and really nice views from the roadway that you can pull off at.The hotel has a small casino with very low daytime table limits and reasonable evening limits. There are a few bars and lounges that are nice, but again, very expensive.The concierge staff was excellent and helped out with whatever we wanted.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>rsk102
<Content>Facilities are nice Our stay was for 4 days and we did not leave the property because we did not have a car and did not want to drive where the street signs are in Spanish. The facilities are good. Make sure that you ask for a room above the 3rd floor where it is less hectic. We ate at the Italian Restaurant and the Grille Room at the golf course-both took the Entertainment card which was wonderful and saved us $39. There is a shuttle around the property which took us to the golf course and tennis courts. There are activities everyday. I took the mornng Power Walk which was 45 minutes and really enjoyed it. The mosquitoes were really biting so bring your bug spray. The rooms were adequate but nothing special. The casino is newly renovated and has up-to-date slot machines-they take bills and payout in tickets. We belong to Wyndham-by-Request which is free and worth it. We bought muffins and coffee at David' s Cookies and saved outselves money and eating more breakfast than we needed to. The bar by the pool has items that are not on the menu-like quesadillas- so ask when you order.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>sunta
<Content>Horrible in almost every way This hotel is a total rip-off. They charge hidden fees of $30 per night, so be aware that when you book your room, it's the price of the room plus $30 each night, plus $15 per day for parking. They say it's standard in Puerto Rico, but when the resort is so inconvenient in so many ways, it's difficult to justify what the $30 is for.Firstly, there are NO signs to get to the main lobby. The first night we were there we wandered around for an hour trying to find check-in. We ended up in the condo section of the resort before finally making our way to the front desk which is really buried in the middle of the hotel on the second floor.Secondly, they try to rip you off for the tours. They charge $50 per person for a rainforest tour that actually costs $3 each. Luckily we had rented a car for $13 per day from Hotwire so we didn't get sucked into the resort's crazy prices for tours. The Bacardi tour is FREE and they charge $45 per person. Rediculous! The bio bay and snorkeling were triple the actual price. There is no reason for this extreme price gouging.It took us over 30 minutes to get out of the resort every single day because of the complicated parking policies. They make guests get a ticket validated before leaving, and that means waiting in line. After getting the ticket validated (which requires going outside), we would trek another 5 minutes to the elevator and then wait about 15 minutes for the elevator to arrive. Half the time, the elevator was broken. They would not upgrade us to an oceanview room even though they were only at 40% capacity, simply because we didn't book through them directly (we used Hotwire). I find that kind of elitist attitude really repulsive.They did not provide a lifeguard on the beach (what was my $30 a day paying for again?), which is very dangerous, especially with young children.The pool slide was closed, as was the casino, as were most of the restaurants. Some of the staff were pissy and annoyed whenever we would ask questions. The resort is very confusing to get around in, as there are no signs anywhere. The restaurant prices were laughable, but we got around that by buying tons of food at Amigo down the street, as well as wine and beer. For $50 a person for the week, we ate like kings at lunch and breakfast. For dinners we ate at cheap local joints and even had a few dinners in our room that we made in the microwave. We would make our own drinks every night. Housekeeping never restocked our water, so we got a case from the grocery store, as well as coffee.I wrote a letter to the hotel expressing my displeasure at these issues, and so far have not heard a word back. Overall, I was extremely disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	1	2	1	

<Author>Cheezosha
<Content>Great Anniversary Trip My wife and I spent our anniversary at the Rio Mar and had a wonderful stay. We got a great deal from Priceline (which included the 20% resort fee, I was surpised to see). We were very pleasant to the front desk manager, and she upgraded us to a really nice room on the 6th floor. I cannot thank her (Elise) enough- they didn't care that we got a cheap rate from Priceline. Most of the reviews I saw describe this hotel fairly well:-The grounds are fabulous- large and beautiful. You can walk for miles on the beach (if you go west)-Get a rental car. This is relatively far from San Juan. If you want the big city nightlife, stick to Isla Verde or Condado. We paid $21 per day at Thrifty. Get a small car anyway, it's a lot easier to park-Restaurants are expensive and some are not open in the low season. We loved the food we ordered- it was not mediocre. The waiters were very friendly.-We drove out to the local restaurants. Antojitos is good and so is Don Pepe (the owner is a great guy, and a great resource for tips)-The rain forest was the highlight of our vacation. It was beautiful.-Just a comment on Puerto Rican culture, in relation to friendliness of staff: They will treat you with as much respect as you give them. I have been to many hotels in Puerto Rico and have found that wherever you go, you get the respect you give out. Don't expect to be treated nice if you yourself have an attitude. They don't play by the same rules as in other countries. We had a great time and were treated very nicely throughout the hotel grounds.'-If you are a tennis buff, this is a great place. We signed up for the tennis clinics for $35 per person, and ended up being the only ones there, so we ended up getting a private lesson. The local Brazilian pro (Joao) is a nice guy who can teach you a lot.Bottom Line: Go, if you want a nice romantic getaway. Don't go if you are on business in San Juan or want to be in the big city every night. This is a good place for kids, too, but with very limited fast food choices to keep the budget down.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>txlyndi
<Content>Loved it!!!! Rio Mar Beach Resort, Pearland, TX. Loved it!!!!!!We just returned from a five day stay at the Rio Mar. The price was excellent at 143. per night. The beach is great, the night life is also wonderful. We traveled with a group of seven so we needed three rooms. One of the room's airconditioner was not working but the problem was solved immediately. Every request we made was granted immediately and the staff was wonderful.I would surely return to this resort. Having the rainforest across the highway wasn't bad either.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>imamelfan
<Content>Beautiful Views.....Other Issues Though We booked our trip through Travelocity and got a REALLY good deal. Thus, we may have a skewered view in comparison to someone who paid more for their trip. We arrived on Tuesday Oct 30 around 4:40 in the evening. Check in was great! We had been upgraded to Ocean View (we had two rooms). Amy at the front desk was friendly, helpful and gave us a few extras. The rooms are average. I have stayed in nicer rooms, but like I said I paid much more for those. I will tell you that the grounds, view, pools and the beach are gorgeous! The food and drinks are expensive as said in other posts. We stopped at Walgreens and picked up some bottled water, beer, sodas, juices, chips, etc. This made for a fairly inexpensive Happy Hour. We ate lunch twice at the outdoor grill. These prices aren't too hateful and they did not say a word when I and my teenagers ordered off the 12 and under menu. We also ordered room service for dinner twice. Fairly reasonable prices and VERY mediocre food. We ate at Richies (gorgeous view and good food but expensive) and at LAS VEGAS (beautiful classy restaurant with good food but also VERY expensive). By our last day we had to eat at KFC just to make it home with any money! We went across the street to the Rainforest one day. Beautiful, but I was a little bored.We also drove 1.5 hours to get to Aricebo to see the SETI satellite. The drive up the mountain was one of the scariest I have ever taken. The locals there are not very considerate drivers and one almost ran us off the mountain! However, being the geeks that we are, seeing the large satellite was pretty cool. Wasted a whole day of beach time, though!My husband was disappointed that they could not get enough interest to start a Texas Hold Em game, but I tried my luck in the casino every night and found that I was not very lucky! However, on the last evening I did hit a straight flush on 3 card poker for about $700. This covered my losses with a little extra. Would I go back? Probably not because we like to try different islands and places when we vacation. Overall I give the resort a C+, however if I were to separate the grounds, views, and swimming apart, I give them an A!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	1	

<Author>Liquidity_20
<Content>Could have had much better service The Wyndham Rio Mar is a beautiful property. Unfortunately, we found the staff subpar like many of the reviewers. For example, we arrived to check in (at around 10:30 pm), the clerk was busy entering something in the computer for 3 to 5 minutes. She did not acknowledge our existence until she was finished. There was nobody else at the desk in front of us and we had to patiently wait for her to finish up what she was doing. You would have thought that checking in your customers would be more important than doing computer work.Other problems included a locked in room safe. The previous tenant never unlocked the safe. We went to the reception the next morning before heading to El Yunque and asked them if they could unlock the safe when we were gone. The front desk said they would, but they never did. Thus, we ended up carrying our valuables with us.Next, when the rooms were made, tea bags were not replaced. We had to ask for additional tea bags for 3 straight nights.Then, there was a missing do not disturb sign in the room. We had housecleaning knock on our door each morning to see if we were there (which we were still asleep). Finally, because the rooms do not have a microwave oven, we called the front desk to see if they would heat up our food. The front desk told us to come down, and they would warm it up in the employee microwave. When we got to the front desk, the staff sent us down to the Marbella to microwave our food. The hostess was not friendly. After consulting with her boss, she did microwave our food. The next day, we went back down to the Marbella and encountered the same hostess. She told us to come back later since they were busy. We ended up going to David's and asked them to microwave our food. The clerk at David's was surprisingly cheerful (the first smiling face at the Rio Mar) and helped us.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>foodfoodfood
<Content>Stay but BEWARE! My wife and I celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary in seperate beds. We booked our room through Expedia and requested a King bed. Upon arrival we were given a room with two queen beds. We sleep in a King at home and were unable to sleep in the same bed in the hotel. Bumping into each other, down conforter was too hot... We called to complain and were quickly dimissed by the front desk person, claiming, there is nothing we can about this, I'm very sorry. End of story. I asked for the Hotel Mgr and got his assistant, Benjamin. He explained a few things and offered to keep his eye on a King room should one come available, it never did, not even a call. So I suspect that booking through expedia was not apealing to them so they chose not to give us the room but another guest. So be it. The valet staff is not good at doing there job. You almost have to instruct them in how to do it properly. The staff is in need of proper trainging in how to charm guests into falling in love with the property and its ambience. Rizt Carlton / Four Seasons style.The restaurants are ridiculously under cost food wise. I won't complain about price because the price points are fine. The quantities/quality are no where close. I'm not a quantity focused person. I recognize quality, I'm a Chef  Restaurant owner. On a good note, the grounds are spectacular. The tennis courts are very nice. The beach is very private and well kept. Overall, the tangibles are good the intangibles is where they need to improve. We did not like the local restaurant Antojitos Puertoriquenos, very overpriced for dinner. The owner worked for the resort as a Tennis Pro, he must've gotten tips on how to gouge customers from the Food  Bev. Mgr. Go to Palmer Bakery for a real experience, it's rough around the edges but the food is Spectacular for what you pay. The Pork, Roasted Chicken, the sandwiches, yucca, its all great. It's across the light on the way to El Yunque, right past the gas station. The service is as gracious as it gets. Good cheap pastries also. RENT A CAR! Rent a CAR! Do it at the airport.! I called ahead for a pick up at the airport and they sounded so nice over the phone, Si senor, no hay problema...Wham $240 for four people R/T! Ouch, I was livid. No mention of this at all when I called two days earlier. I canceled the return trip and rented a car. Do it at the airport its easy and fast, we used Budget, $173 for four days.Old San Juan is a total rip off when it comes to food, its pretty mediocre and the prices are stupid. El Toro Salao is pathetic, no exageration. DO NOT GO. A great restaurant is Ramiros. You will love everything about it. Exceptional service, spot on saucing and excellent desserts.La Parilla in Luqillo is pretty good. The fruit shakes at the little stand up the road in El Yunque are really good. You'll see the cut-outs for photos and a small gift shop. Richies Restaurant up a ways from the resort alon 968(?) I think has a great view go for lunch, not dinner. Stay away from the Hilton, not good. Well I hope I've helped, we will be back. Oh, go horseback riding, book through the Concierge. Also do not miss El Yunque, unreal! Enjoy.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	4	5	3	2	3	

<Author>mpsmom
<Content>Good - With some caveats The resort was beautiful and the room was comfortable and clean. The beach was fantastic which was a good thing because the pool was too crowded to enjoy. Apparently, there was a medical conference booked at the same time and all attendees brought family members. Unfortunately, this left the pool packed wall to wall. Another downside to the medical conference was that it was made clear by the staff that the attendees of the conference were more important than the regular guests. For example, there are suppose to be 6 plus restaurants available to dine at. When we called to make reservations for Saturday night, we were told that since the conference attendees were going to be off sight that night, the resort was closing 3 of its restaurants. We were upset because we had already eaten at the remaining open restaurants on prior nights. I believe that advanced notice would have been nice so that we could have adjusted our dining selections based on availabilty. It turned out that we had to eat at the same restaurant three times. The food was good, but it would have been nice to try othere restaurants.Another major downside was room service. We ordered it for breakfast every day and there was always a problem every day.Aside from that, the staff is curteous and friendly. The beach was gorgeous, but beware of the locals hanging out in the bushes if you walk too far away from the resort.I would recommend this resort for people with families, but not really good for couples.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelholic_7
<Content>Relaxing Anniversary My husband and I just return from a 6 day vacation in Puerto Rico. We were there from 10/6-10/11. The special occasion was our 4th anniversary. We are Wyndham vacation owners and we stayed at the Rio Mar Grande Resort and Spa. The hotel was really nice. The rooms were clean, maybe no 5 star prepared, but okay. The staff was helpful and they were very attentive. However, the guest census was low that might have been why. The water was nothing but gorgeous and we spent a great amount of our time at the pool and beach. There is a quiet pool too which was nice especially if you want to get away from the kids. The casino just opened and it was fun to play with! The hotel is about 35-40 minutes from the airport. If you need to go places like dinner or shopping, you definitely have to take a cab or rent a car. The city is relatively safe and easy to drive in. San Juan is a little crowded and congested, but it is tolerable. I have read some of the previous reviews and would like to just add a few recommendations. First, we rented a car from Payless car rental and paid about $90 for the entire week opposed to Avis and Budget who quoted $200/week. Rent at the airport and not the hotel, it is much cheaper. There is an Avis counter at the hotel, but to rent it鈥檚 like $60 + a day. To catch a cab it鈥檚 like $60 + too. Second, the food at the hotel wasn鈥檛 that impressive not including the high cost. The breakfast buffet was not good at all and not worth $25. The service can be somewhat slow too. Some of the onsite restaurants were closed and the ones that were open were over priced. I suggest that after you have rented a car to drive out every evening and experience the true authentic Puerto Rican and Caribbean cuisines. It is much cheaper and it鈥檚 different (go to La Parilla, Don Pepe, Antiogios). The hotel can give you an entire list. If you get tired of Puerto Rican foods you can always go to the American favorites-Chili, Outback, Macaroni Grill, Ruby Tuesday, etc. All of these places are in San Juan about 35 minutes away. Third, have toll money. It is $1.50 each way. Fourth, don鈥檛 take that high price San Juan tour bus because it will cost about $50/adult and $35/child. The tour just drops you off in Old San Juan where all of the shopping is. You can easily drive yourself and park in one of the parking decks, because you will never find a place to park on the street. I highly recommend going to the Belz Outlet stores, Old San Juan, and Plaza de Americanos (the largest mall in the Caribbean).Fourth, go on the Wyndham tour and presentation and get your free couples massage. They don鈥檛 really pressure you to by anything. The massage was very refreshing, we loved it. Being a timeshare owner is a good investment if you vacate alot, but do not buy a timeshare directly from the company, i.e. Wyndham. You can definitely save 8-10K going through a third party company...thats what we did. Some of that extra money is going into that guy who is trying to sell you the property. Most of it is being vested back into the company for marketing and promotions to lure other potential byers into it. The concept is favorable, but not directly through the company. Next, before you go, confirm your reservations, especially if you booked it through a third party. I called a week ahead and they did not have my reservations put through yet. The hotel doesn鈥檛 have many king beds rooms, so don鈥檛 get your hopes up for one especially if you are on a romantic getaway. They are nice about letting you change rooms when one comes available, but after you have unpacked and everything you really don鈥檛 want to move anywhere. We had a mountain view (this is nothing but the top of the roof) at first then we moved into an ocean front after the second day. It still had two queen beds, but that was okay. Sometimes being a Wyndham By Request member grants you upgrade, but not all the time. The only thing that we benefited from this was early/late check in/out (depends on the census) and some free hard cookies and water in the room the first night. Next, valet is $20/day and self parking is $ 15/day so take your choice. I did valet, but that doesn鈥檛 really mean that I will do it again. Internet is not free. It is about $20 + a night and it cuts off at midnight. You can get free internet in the lobby, right in front of the front desk. My broadband card did not have good coverage at all in the room. Anyway, Puerto Rico is definitely a place that I will return to and will without question stay at the Rio Mar. There is really not a l. You have to ride out to go shopping and eating. If you are looking to stay somewhere that has a great night life then you need to stay in San Juan. There is really nothing in Rio Grande except the resort. Oh and don鈥檛 worry yourself about leaving important items at home. There are plenty of Walgreen鈥檚 around, not to mention Wal-Mart and K-Mart. I would go back again because it is very quiet, but we went in October so that could make a difference.For more info email at crlong3@hotmail.com  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>just-facts-here
<Content>The good and the bad ...       Our rooftop view with private balcony  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>gleuny
<Content>Great stay , staff excellent Great place to vacation. Nice grounds, staff very friendly.The food is expensive. The resort fee covers nothing, but you have no choice to pay it. It's a percentage, not flat fee, so look for cheapest room. ByRequest members usually get an upgrade like we did. Mini suite ocean view, 6 floor great views. Even the rainforsest would be a great view. Food:The on-site restaurants, when open, are at least $50 a person . Lunch $25 a person. The Japanesee, grille room and Palio take the entertainment card. Buy one get on free.David's cookies has sandwhiches. get it here instead of pay $12 at the bar/pool. Local food: eat at the small open air place Atijilo putericonas(green owning as you turn off route 3 one mile from hotel). Great, inexpensive way to try local food. Also a bakery around corner from there. Doesn't look inviting, but resonable, editable food.Getting there:We took the hotel shuttle round trip for $60 p/p. Cab is $65 one way. However, I recomend you rent a car at least one day, probably the first, to see the rainforest, and get food supplies. Unfortuantely, it's $15 a day to park, unless renting onsite at avis. We paid $60 a day, but cheaper than a taxis to eat, and $40 p/p/ for rainforest tour. Make an advance car reg. before leaving, perhaps you can rent at airport and leave at hotel.Mini bar is in room,no room for your stuff. But you can request a real mini frig at no cost.We will return here. the grounds are beautiful. The rainforest is 5 minutes away, and is a must see.(do on your own. You drive from spot to spot at your covience). Timeshare sales pitch:They all have them. get a couples message free with tour. Great deal, but don't buy. We saw the Bonnett Creek on sale @ ebay for $4000 from a timeshare owner. Sales office wants $12,000 and up for a bi-annual.overall, It is a little pricey, but remember, this was a Westin. high Class joint. Now it also has a small, cheap bet casino open.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>letitride1
<Content>Enjoyed the resort This is a very nice resort. The staff was very helpful, and informative, especially the nice guy who helped us with our luggage. The Palio restaurant was closed, tried Marbella and Shimas (service was excellent, food was very average). Parking is more expensive than advertised on the various travel websites. During the week we had problems finding a parking spot in the underground gargage and the outdoor lot was almost full. No parking problems on the weekend. The casino was closed for renovations-we wondered how everyone would fit in the parking lots when the casino was open! The parking lot elevator was often not working. Were in and out constantly so it was not worth using the valet parking. On the weekends we saw a lot of youths roaming around the resort. Noise was tolerable, even the coqui that sounded off all day and night. Thought it was strange that the room did not have a refrigerator (available upon request- probably for a additional fee). Rent a car! Would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>KayaW
<Content>Staff is Well-trained in the Art of Saying No - Avoid this Hotel Our stay at the Rio Mar was quite a disappointment. These feelings were further enhanced after we visited the El Conquistador and were overwhelmed by the experience of a true luxury resort. I highly recommend at least visiting the El Conquistador if you are not able to stay there. The Rio Mar is a very poorly managed hotel. The front desk staff appeared to be bombarded with complaints. Upon check-in they first tried to assign us an absolutely appalling room. The furniture appeared to be quite old and dilapidated, while the room reeked with a musty odor. After complaining, they moved us into a room that was a bit more modern, but still wasn't anything special. The staff at the massive dining facilities were horrible. They seemed lost in their own worlds, joking amongst each other while ignoring the patrons. We were only able to get service after asking for the managers. Eventually, we reached the conclusion that we needed to contact the manager immediately upon entering the dining room to ensure good service. The check-in and check-out process was slow and disorganized. I definitely would not stay here again. The hotel needs a complete overhaul if it were to best suit the needs of sophisticated travelers.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	3	

<Author>NTexastraveler
<Content>Wyndham Rio Mar-Great Stay! My husband and I honeymooned at the Rio Mar Sept. 14th-21st and had a wonderful stay. The only complaint I have is that we were missed for maid service for 3 DAYS! I had to call and/or go to the front desk and request that we at least get clean towels. I was a bit surprised about that for the level of hotel that the RIo Mar really is. And, yes, everything is expensive!We were upgraded the 3rd day to an ocean front room upon request and really enjoyed the balcony in the evening listening to the cocqui frogs and waves rolling in as he enjoyed a PR cigar and I sipped a glass of wine. (Definitely ask for a fridge and buy your own drinks/water at Amigo's grocery!) Coffee is WONDERFUL and we bought several cans of the same brand the hotel serves at Amigo's to bring home.Definitely see El Junque rain forest! We also toured the island and a rental car is really the best way to get around. Enterprise Rent-A-Car staff are awesome! Just grit your teeth, genuflect and brave the PR drivers! We went Aricebo, Ponce, old San Juan, and El Morro. We felt like pros getting around by the end of the week. The drive to Ponce through the mountains was beautiful. But, the biggest disappointment of PR was the beaches.....not pretty like other places in the Carribean. The Rio Mar beach was the best we saw, but has alot of wave action. (Go down the beach to the east where the Rio Mar river empties into the ocean and you will have better luck beach combing). We were unable to dive because there were not enough tourists (low season) to make it feasible for the dive operators. Several places tried to get us on a dive boat (Thanks, Susie and Peter, at ECOTOURS). The Biobay tour was AWESOME and I am glad we went, (although my new husband said he was ready to divorce me because I didn't know my left from right when it came to paddling in a kayak!) But, being there during low season was great because we didn't have crowds to deal with. Weather was great, as well. So, we can say we have been there, done that, in terms of PR. People were friendly, but we were careful in terms of safety. Other places to go and things to see! Anyone been to the Galapagos?  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CLCB0911
<Content>Why I still Love Wydham Rio Ma? I love this hotel...some times i go there 3 or 4 times a year...personel are so friendly that you feel so welcome they receive yoy with this smile and I never had a problem..the rooms are great., pool i love the pool they have music and enterteinment..they are making some changes they dont have the casino open until oct 2007 they are making some changes for good..this hotel its perfect for honeymooners....  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JHNY
<Content>Excellent Service at Unbeatable price We booked a great deal from cheapcaribbean.com. The property itself is huge and very well kept. The hotel had a friendly and helpful staff - from the front desk to engineering. Upon arrival, we reqested rooms next to eachother and they were able to accommodate. Then we asked for a room change because there were some ants in our room. (Which is typical, since we were next to the rainforest!) And again, they were happy to accommodate us. Overall, our experience in the hotel was great. Highly recommended.. considering I have been working in the hotel industry for over 5 years.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>locondcoco
<Content>Stay at Rio Mar was delightful... I recently stayed at Rio Mar with my girlfriend and 4 friends (2 other couples), 8/27-8/31. here goes!Accomodations: The rooms were pretty nice, each with its own balcony. I must agree with the other reviews, that the walls were pretty thin and noise from the hall are clearly heard in the room. we had 2 rooms booked, apparently on separate floors, but they were able to get us next to each other, but not in adjoining rooms. that wasn't too much of a bother. there were plenty of pillows and bedding. The bed was a touch soft for my taste, but thats up to personal preference. bathroom was nicely stocked, including lotion and after sun cooling lotion. room had a nice upscale feel/touch to it. we personally never used the balcony, it was just too hot and humid. we had a view of half ocean, half rain forest. one setback tho, we had a slight ant problem in one of the rooms. we called the front desk about it. initially, they asked if we would like the room fumigated (errr...doesnt that mean we can't go back in for a while?). but when we called back a bit later, another person answered and promptly offered us a room change. they were able to keep us on the same floor. food/dining:this was a big downside of our stay. i felt that there werent enough choices, being that half the restaurants were closed, and one was located all the way by the golf courses. david's cookies appeared to be our only option for breakfast (if you didnt want to sit down and pay $25/person). so we bought a wrap or cookie and some drinks and brought it with us to the beach. was usually around $8-$11, for the 2 of us. not bad. we ate at Coqui, by the pool, for lunch for 3 days. the choices are limited, but its very convenient, and was not too bad. the nachos are a must. probably the best thing on the menu. (not that we tried everything). mixed drinks/cocktails will run from $9.50-$11 for about 10 oz. (i believe it was mentioned in a previous review). we had rented a car, but our friend took it to go enjoy PR outside of rio mar....so we were stuck with resort food. we had Antojitos, La Parrilla, and Mios for dinner, outside of the resort. Those places are a must, the concierge can provide you with a list and directions. Had we not gone out, Marbellas would have been our only option (since Palio had a dress code). so again, more dining choices would have been better for us. ammenities/facilities:the actual resort is not really that large. if you remove the golf courses, its pretty small. but it has everything you would need. the beach is a 2 second walk. they provide towels for you on the way (tho it closes @ 6pm, as does the beach). i'll echo another reivew that i rarely saw lifeguards on duty. the beach was very nice (probably not as nice as other caribbean beaches), but it was nice enough for us. it was not crowded at all during our stay, as there was never ANY trouble finding chairs, when we arrived around 10am. same with the pool, there were an over abundance of chairs and umbrellas, and we never had to wait or search for one. the quiet pool is just that, tho it would have been a good idea to place it farther from the slide. the kids were a little loud. i rented a jet ski for an hour (for $100). that was well worth the fun (if you've never done it before, like me). they rent out other goodies such as rafts, kayaks, even bikes. my girlfriend and i also enjoyed a massage at the spa. they pamper you pretty well, and massage was relaxing. they have a plethora of services for you to choose from and of course is on the pricier side. just one thing that did ruin the experience. there were ants all over my robe, and i didnt notice until i had it on filling out their form. apparently it was from the locker....that, i coudl have done without. service:the staff overall were very courteous and polite. our one server, Jose, at Coqui was the spotlight of our experience. he made himself very available, and was prompt in what you needed. and when he did bring what you needed, he made sure to see if you needed anything else. the attendant at the watersports booth was not very friendly initially. was short with me, and i felt like i was bothering him. i had asked the front desk if there was a printer i could use to print my boarding passes. and she promptly logged me into one of the computers behind the front desk to let me print it myself. One thing i noticed, and it wasn't specific to rio mar, is that service is just slower, especially being a new yorker, where everything is fastpaced. Overall:as most people have said, DEFINITELY rent a car. the dining choices are very limited (depending when you go), and can be pricey. its nothing out of the ordinary, if you're from New York, but at least when you pay those kind of prices, you know you're getting quality food (most of the time). None of the cons mentioned above ruined the stay one bit. the staff was friendly and met our needs. the concierge even recommended which restaurants for us to go to. so in closing, i recommend Rio Mar to those who are just looking to get away, and not looking to do much more than relaxing by a pool or beach, or both. which is exactly what i wanted to do.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>maureencampo
<Content>Loved It!! I just returned from a beautiful stay at this resort. Other than a slight problem with our check-in, my family and I had a wonderful time! We arrived at the resort at 3:15 on Saturday, August 25th. Our room was not ready and we could not get a clear idea from the staff as to when our room would be ready. However, they let us change into our swimsuits and enjoy the pool while our room was being cleaned. Our room was ready at 5:30. Like others have written, the food at the resort is expensive. We are from Long Island, NY, so $10.00 for a Pina Colada or $4.00 for a beer s not unheard of. To save money, go to the Wal-Mart on Route 3 heading towards Fajardo and stock up on snacks, cereal, beer, wine or whatever. There are plenty of fast food restaurants on Route 3, but you need a car. We rented a car because several other reviewers recommended it. In my opinion it's worth renting the car since it is expensive to book tours through the resort. We valeted the car everyday and found the valet staff exceptional and we never waited more than a few minutes for our car. The resort was breath taking and immaculate. The staff was beyond helpful. We ate at a La Parilla in Luquillo, which was recommended to us by the resort, and we loved the restaurant. We also ate at Antojitos, which is down the hill from the resort. The food there was good and the prices were reasonable. Both of my kids, who are 9 and 12, loved the resort. I would definitely return to this resort.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>adrianyypr
<Content>Loved my stay       -  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Nevertravelweary
<Content>Beautiful Hotel Property but Rent a Car! The Rio Mar was beautiful. The grounds were vibrant and very well maintained. The guest room was spacious and contemporary. The restaurants exceeded our expectations by far, especially Palio and The Grille Room. The cuisine and presentations were amazing. Breakfast was inconsistent and rather costly, however. Overall the service throughout the hotel property was above par. However, the housekeeping staff left quite a bit to be desired. Whenthe staff cleaned our room, it did an adequate job. However, the staff was able to actually address our guest room between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. less than 50% of the time. Most days when we returned from the beach or other daytime activities (no earlier than 4:30 p.m. for 10 consecutive days) to prepare for the evening, the housekeeping staff had not made up our room and we were constrained to settle for fresh towels and toiletries. This was very disappointing, especially for a hotel at this price point and star rating.One caveat鈥f you plan to stay any longer than three or four days, you really should rent a car. Unless, you are the very antithesis of an adventurer, you will want off the Rio Mar island at some point.Then you will be at the mercy of the Avis desk on site and its exorbitant rental rates or, even worse, the hotel鈥檚 shuttle service. So, take this advice and rent a car to pick up from the airport (which by the way is over 20 miles away) when you plan your stay.Would I return? Perhaps not on my next visit to Puerto Rico because I liked the off-property offerings in the Isla Verde and San Juan areas much more. Nonetheless, for a theoretically all inclusive type of vacation experience in Puerto Rico, I highly recommend the Rio Mar.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Hodgey1027
<Content>Beautiful, Relaxing  Really enjoyed my stay at the Rio Mar. The grounds are spacious, very pretty, and lots of places to sit comfortably and observe, or join the the visiting populace. The hotel and facilities are equally attractive, well-maintained, and the staff is efficient, polite, willing, and friendly.Everyone makes an effort to enable your enjoyment of the facility.The beach is a well maintained gorgious stretch of brown sandand the water is obligingly warm. Likewise the several pools and thankfully, no hassle to obtain seating at any point during the day.We rented an ocean view suite which was spacious and comfortable. The balcony was a definite plus.Suggestions: everyone likes to escape paradise, even if temporarily. The resort should provide transport into San Juan.It's a $60 cab ride into town, or rent a car. Do so at the airport for a more reasonable rate.Rio Mar should also update to either satellite TV or at least supply the usual premium cable stations...at no additional cost to guests. In the absence of transport, they should also provide movies and nightly entertainment instead of only on the weekends. And, only on the weekends means a combo playing in that beautiful lounge off the lobby for a coulpe of hours; Friday and Saturday nights only. The one movie shown was a kiddie flic and that was an additional $5.00 per person.They have a lovely large gazebo where a band/trio could perform and a bar can fit into any space.Would like to see more variety on the restaurant menus. And where is the Puerto Rican cuisine???!!! The food was fine --didn't try the Italian place--but the menus were disturbingly familiar.Until the above are fixed, probably would choose another hotel in P.R. With identified conditions improved, would eagerly return.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveler1943
<Content>Great Golf - Great Golf Course played 3 days in a row and enjoyed it more each time. Food and rest of the resort is nothing special. Comments in other reviews about dirty pool areas are true. Hotel seems understaffed for ground maintenace other than golf course.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Latina1965
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Great Stay! I went with 3 friends from August 17 - 21. The Hotel is about 20 minutes from airport. We rented a car from Charlie's Car Rental , you can call them right from the airport, a van comes by every 15 minutes and picks you up right in front of airport and very reasonable on the price, we paid 26 dollars per day. its straight through on the highway to the hotel , you will see the sign for the hotel. The hotel is beautiful!! They have a great golf course and good restaurants. the service was amazing..from the moment we got there the valet opens your car door and takes your luggage, you just walk in. The rooms were great ..and smelled nice ..we faced the rainforest...it was gorgeous! alot of iguanas hanging out by the water with some great big turtles!! you definitely need to take a camera! we stayed the first night at the hotel, they had a live band in the lobby and a great bar...we danced all night ,everybody was very friendly. the second and third time we went to isla verde, san juan and went to a nightclub called brava in the san juan hotel...fabolous!! we spent alot of time at the hotel pool..very clean and service was very good. At the Concierge Daisy was wonderful and very helpful!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcruzdvm
<Content>Worst Costumer service I had reservations since june, they never told me that the CASINO IS CLOSED UNTIL OCTOBER, they way they wanted to accommodate us was sending my kids on a bus to another hotel, that was crazy, I will never stay on that hotel again , it was my regular hotel for many years. I went to the Ritz Carlton- that is a hotel and they treat you like a king , the best service I ever had , best rating AAAAA,  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Taps1
<Content>Enjoyed my stay I enjoyed staying at the hotel. We were upgraded to a nice Ocean facing Junior Suite. I do have to agree with so many of the other reviewers on the hotel food. I really was disappointing with the choices and quality. I don't mind paying high prices for food but they should really do something about the quality and variety.The hotel staff were pretty good. Our requests were taken care of. The grounds of the hotel were beautiful and kids had a good time in the pool and the water slide. One of my biggest compliant against the hotel was the ridiculous resort fee that they imposed on my stay. I was not told of this fee when I booked my trip through Wyndham. I was charged $35 a day for the resort fee. Plus the room fee is charged based on a percentage of your room charge. Never head of such a thing. I called the hotel to complain about and so far no resolution to this matter. They told me it was for towels and the spa. I don't believe $35 a day for towels is justified. If it was not for this petty nickel and diming I would given it a higher rating. I will have to be vary of this type of charges going forward at other Wyndham properties.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BFRMaryland
<Content>Ocean Villas - Worth Paying Extra My family stayed at the Ocean Villas on the grounds of the Rio Mar Beach Resort. We thought paying extra for ocean front was worth it (as opposed to the Golf Villas, a long way from the beach). The villas had 2 nice pools, one a lap pool for your swimmers out there. The main hotel was a short walk so the kids could come and go as they pleased. One drawback: the resort was very quiet and did not have much to do for our kids. Except for a movie night, there were no other planned activities for kids. Also, the lifeguards at the beach in front of the resort were rarely on duty, and when they were they often had their backs to the ocean.Before booking, we looked into other nearby oceanfront properties.From what we saw during our walks on the beach, these places off the resort grounds looked horrible.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Costanzas
<Content>Great Resort and Great Relazation! My wife and I just returned from a week-long vacation at the Rio Mar and had an absolutely awesome time in Puerto Rico! I would highly suggest to anyone that is going to plan lots of excursions because there is much to experience in Puerto Rico.The Rio Mar itself is a beautiful hotel with a great location between the beach and the Rain Forest. May I offer the following few humble tips/suggestions to make the most of your stay:1. Rent a car from the airport as the overall cost of renting one will be much cheaper than paying the taxis/shuttles to and from the hotel. Also park in the employee parking lot next to the underground self-parking as it will save you the $15-20 a day the hotel tries to charge for parking. No one ever bothered us when we parked there as hotel/convention guests park there as well, and it is simply a few extra steps from the parking garage.2. Know before you go that, as with all resorts, food and drinks will be very expensive at the hotel. Realize it is a vacation and that is just the way it goes. If you want to save some money, request a mini-fridge for your room and stock up on a few snacks/drinks at the nearby grocery store/Walgreens on Route 3 near the hotel. Also, feel free to drive down the street and eat at Antojitos which is cheaper and has great local food.3. When you check in, note that the hotel only has 20% of rooms with king beds. Also, make sure you explore all your options for rooms. We got put in a corner room with two small windows without a balcony in order to get a king bed. After I very humbly and politely went back down to talk to the front desk, they moved us to a better Ocean Front room with a balcony overlooking the garden and Quiet Pool which was beautiful (two twin beds though, but overall a ten times better room).4. Request the highest floor room you can get and try to get a view near the Adult/Quiet Pool.5. For families, the kids seemed to love the kid/activity pool. As my wife and I went to relax without kids, we were quiet happy with the seperate adult/quiet pool which was very relaxing and quiet. Also, it seemed like you could always find available chairs pretty much anytime of the day.6. When reserving your hotel, try booking directly through the hotel (Wyndham by request) as opposed to a travel site. While we got a fairly good deal (air/hotel/car rental) through orbitz, most of the people we talked to booked directly though Wyndham and received free breakfast buffets and other discounts on spa services/tours, etc. Keep in mind at $25 per person for the buffet, getting that thrown in is quiet a money saver! 7. The concierge at the Rio Mar are little help unless you want to go to a restaraunt onsite or take one of the hotel tours. We went to Old San Juan, snorkeling, and the Rain Forest on our own and had great times at all three excursions. Plus, the cost to us for going on our own was F-R-E-E! Plus, from some other folks we talked to, the hotel pretty much charges a $50 per person mark up on all tours - once again, if you rent a car you will come out on top.8. On your way out to the pool/beach for the day, stop by the fitness center as you can grab free water bottles there. If you grab the ones from your room, you will get charged like $4 for each bottle!In conclusion, the hotel is a beautiful place to relax and enjoy the pool, beach, and ocean, and the great location. The only downside is the high cost for everything, but if you just know that going in and plan accordingly to how much you might want to spend, or take some of the tips noted above, you will have a great time!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AMG007
<Content>Nice Resort with only few flaws All in all a very nice resort, for a relaxing stay. Very friendly and helpful staff; lots of restaurants with good to very good food, although sometimes on the pricey side. Cleanliness is ok, although rugs in the hallways and in the room need some overhaul. Same goes for the bathroom, which has seen ist last re-decoration quite a while ago. Housekeeping is very unattentive, worst I麓ve experienced in years.Beautiful garden and pool and nice beach. At the poolside there are not enogh sun umbrellas.Good location not far from El Yunque rain forest. Hotel has an AVIS desk with unfriendly staff (which is not the hotel's fault). However, with all the money spent in the hotel during a week or two, the parking fees (15 dollars plus tax oer day for self parking, 20 plus tax for valet who parks the car in the glistening sunshine) is clearly a rip-off.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>akn64
<Content>Beautiful Hotel - Nothing To Do Beautiful hotel. Beautiful pool. Beautiful beach. There is nothing negative about this hotel except perhaps its location. It is too far away from everything. You are tied into their restaurants (expensive) and drinks (expensive) and entertainment (non-existent). We went to this hotel two years in a row, and both times came back thinking that while it was a beautiful place, it really lacked after hours entertainment. I would never bring a family here.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doodlebug13
<Content>Very nice resort! We recently just returned from our stay at the Wyndham for a week - 8/2 - 8/9. This was a family trip that included myself, my spouse, my 17 yr old son and 12 yr old daughter. From a true resort perspective, I thought the resort was great - beautiful grounds, facilities and service! The employees were all friendly and helpful and very accomodating (although the only issue we had was that we waited quite a while for check in as we arrived around 1 pm and was told our room was not ready and each time we called to check they said it was too soon and when pressed for a time it was first 4, 4:30 and then 5 and stated that all times are approximate). Unlike some other reviews, we had an oceanview room that was quiet and cleaned on a timely basis (the only noise issue we had was that when the doors close they are heavy and very loud but other than that there was no other noise that was even remotely detectable. I will agree that it was quite pricey for in house amenities and we did not rent a car as my husband does not like to drive so we were pretty confined to the in house dining options. But, I also will say that all of the meals were very good. We tried a variety of the restaurants and I can say we were not disappointed with the quality of the food. And, I will say that all of the servers were excellent!!The real downside that we found was that there was really nothing for our 17 yr old to do. Thank goodness he brought his laptop to use each evening in the lobby - it saved our sanity. Additionally, even though our 12 yr old was pretty much tired every evening after playing in the ocean (truly beautiful) all day - there was not a lot for her either other than the water slide and hair braiding. The dive-in movie on Friday and Saturday was great and you may want to consider offering that on more evenings as it is helpful with the younger ones!!Suggestion - may want to consider offering a more reasonable all-inclusive option, especially for families who appeared to be the majority of your visitors. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay here and I would come back again but without children. The beach was beautiful and the service was great!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>GCutter
<Content>The Views Are Amazing...Be prepared to spend Lets start with the positives: The place is absolutely beautiful. Exactly as advertised. The grounds are amazing and suprisingly the photos of the pools are exactly what is there. The pools are clean...the place is just incredibly well kept. Contrary to the reviews early on, since the Wyndam has taken over perhaps, the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. The people behind the desk (Jessica) and the concierge were great help and there was absolutely no problem with the bill. It was easy to check in and check out. The drinks at the pool were great. We recommend the ziggy zaggy drink. They were a bit pricey but like any resort they were about ten bucks for a 8 oz cup. Its about right but they were great.I would advise you to rent a car. Rent a car at the airport if you are smart since the cabs out to Rio Grande are 65 dollars to begin with and the hotel offers a shuttle but charge per person. Plus, the restaurants on site are incredibly pricey and quite ridiculous as they do not offer a midrange restuarant for the average joe. We chose to rent a car and drove down the road to Antojitos Restaurant whih has moderately priced meals and were fantastic. Plus, Fajarado is about ten minutes away and there are a ton of restaurants down there. The parking is only 15 bucks on site for self parking which I recommend since you often got your car before the valet parkers did.Anyway, the place was a great resort. There are a ton a children there but there are areas of privacy. My advice is to also get a mountain view room as its away from the noise of the pool.There were some negatives. The first thing and this may come off in a weird way but you never feel as though the hotel is giving you anything. You pay all this money for a resort and you would think, you may get a free drink or some attention from the staff, perhaps some organized fun perhaps but there is nothing. Once you check in and give your credit card, there is this feeling of you against the hotel financially. There are drinks that cost a fortune and they charge you for everything. For example, I had complimentary golf tickets from the American Cancer Society and the course was gorgeous. Really nice. But, they charged the two of us $110 for club rentals and refused to take it off our bill. Now, thats understandable but lets get real as this was something we got for charity. It's little things like that including the 15 dollars for parking, the 4 dollars for a muffins or even using the expensive spa, there is not this sense that the resort will grant anything to you. Maybe I am asking too much but they charge for everything. There is one place called Davids cookies for breakfast which is decent as its somewhat cheaper and quick but the line is about a half hour. That is frustrating. Overall, we are a patient couple who enjoyed the trip overall. the resort is gorgeous and to sit by the pool is great. We actually bought a twelve pack of beer at a local supermarket and some wine and brought it out to the pool and had an amazing time.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>dbm82705
<Content>Beautiful Resort! Very Relaxing Stay.       View from our room  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jbg123
<Content>A relaxing time at the Rio Mar We (husband and two children) stayed at the Rio Mar for 4 days in July. Overall, we had a wonderful time. We found the staff to be attentive and friendly. The pool and beaches were wonderful. Issues: food is very expensive - we did not rent a car so were captive, walls are thin - rude guests made for a long night or two - pool attendants did not even try to pick up old towels etc. Tours were very fun, but also expensive. Our daughter loved the hair braiding and the iguana feeding.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lord Fauntleroy
<Content>Typical Resort We just stayed for a week attending a conference and found the hotel to be not as bad as some of the reviews suggested. The food was pricey, but no more so than at other resorts we have stayed at. The same goes for the quality of the food - not great but acceptable. The pool and beach areas are very nice, but it was difficult to get a chair in the shade by the poolWe joined Wyndham by Request before we went (thanks to the review on this site that suggested it) and so we received a couple of drinks and a plate of fruit and cheese when we arrived. We were given an ocean view room, I think because of the upgrade that goes with membership, but I'm not sure. The room and the view were beautiful and kept clean.The price of the room was deceptive, with all of the added mandatory charges (for the conference rate they add on charges for bellman (which we did not use), and maid gratuity and resort charges. They also charged us for valet parking, but removed that when we complained that we did not have a car. We can confirm the advice in the previous reviews to definitely check your bill carefully at check out.They offer complementary internet access in the lobby, but this was not working for a lot of the time we were there - some one else at the conference wondered if this was so that we would pay the extra to have internet access in our room!In summary, this is a typical resort hotel with lots of choices of restaurants, a golf course, pools and activities. The grounds are large but there is not much outside the grounds that it would be worth renting a car to get to and nothing you could walk to.To be honest, we didn't much like Puerto Rico - it was too dirty and crowded - but if you just want the Caribbean resort experience this would be fine.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GGent16
<Content>Had a great time - Very nice Just got back from Puerto Rico and we stayed the last three nights at the Rio Mar. I thought the place was great and worth the price ($159 through Travelocity - they upgraded me to an Ocean View Room). The room was huge and very well taken care of. The pools were great and very relaxing. The service was top notch. It was on semi private beach, so it felt very safe. I would say that it wasn't the best beach on the island, as there was some small waves and it was filled with live sand dollars that my wife did not like stepping on, but the water was warm and they had two great pools anyway. Also, I would say that the restaurants are very expensive and not very authentic, but we had a car, and there is a great restaurant 5 minutes away at the bottom of the hill (cheap  authentic - Antohitos, or something like that). I would highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Payne722
<Content>The Good, the Bad and the Ugly The Good: the resort was in better condition than I expected based on some of the reviews on this site. Beautiful grounds, nice ammenities, food at the restaurants better than expected, satisfactory rooms, big bathrooms, wonderful beach area, lots of activity, excellent valet service.The Bad: though there are many pool areas, they need to be cleaned more often. The water was oily feeling and murky. Maid service was erratic, room service food not that great. It's also a loud hotel and the room walls are paper thin. Lots of loud partying going on in other rooms and at the pools. I hate to say this but many of the hotel guests seemed sleazy.The Ugly: management at this hotel is nonexistant. We were initially given a room with one bed when we had requested two doubles. Downstairs desk said they'd be up to the room with new card keys for another room. They never came, even after 7 more calls down to the front desk, and even after another couple showed up at our room saying the room we were in had been given to them. So basically, we were roomless for another hour before the hotel finally corrected the situation. No apologies and when we asked to speak to the manager, he never contacted us.Overall: not a bad place to stay but not a great one either. Truthfully, I wasn't that impressed with this resort or Puerto Rico in general. I'd suggest going to the Dominican Republic instead.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	1	4	-1	

<Author>iguana_7
<Content>Pricey Paradise I stayed at the Rio Mar with my boyfriend from 7.11 to 7.14 and thought it was, overall, a fantastic place to stay. The resort is approximately an hour's drive from Old San Juan (taxi cost $70 without tip), a journey that offers views of everything from KFC to the mountains. Rio Mar is a few miles off the highway, and the resort itself (including the clubhouse and golf course) is so large that you need to board a shuttle to get to the more distant spots. The inside of the hotel is stunning: beautiful/spacious lobby, breathtaking views and well-appointed decor. Check-in was relatively easy, though I noticed at least 10 employees standing behind the row of desks and only one actively working with guests. (This was true of check-out, too, and I recommend checking out from your room by phone. You can leave your name and room number on a machine, and they check you out. The final bill is left under your door on the morning of your departure.) The room we had overlooked a lagoon-ish area with about 20 iguanas, lots of fish and a few turtles. I'd not wanted to pay extra for the ocean view, and I have to say that this vista was fabulous. We sat on the balcony each morning/evening and enjoyed watching those prehistoric creatures. (One small annoyance: other guests on balconies felt it was appropriate to throw food down to the iguanas all day.) I loved our room; every bit about it felt perfect. They did a fabulous job with the interior.There are, officially, two pools, but they are so close together that it seems like one large one. Though the pools look unbelievable in the hotel's photos, you should know that it is a maximum of 4 feet in places - and usually 3.5. Also, while the hotel was not terribly crowded when we were there, I imagine there would be significant congestion in the pools in the winter months. The beach is close to perfection: good waves (neither too big nor too small), attentive waiters, fine sand, lots of space, excellent temperature. I recommend taking a walk to the right, which can take you quite far away from the hotel if you'd like. Every entry I'd read on tripadvisor before I left emphasized the priciness of the food. I was still willing to go b/c we'd gotten the room for $120/night (before the nightly $30 resort fee - their way of pretending the hotel doesn't cost $150/night). Unfortunately, the food is NOT anything above average; for the price, it is definitely sub-par. We ate at the Italian restaurant and the main restaurant, and we would not have ordered our dishes a second time. I would not have grumbled if the food had been excellent, but to pay $30 for one dinner plate and then taste something bland...well, it made me cranky. We did not eat at the seafood restaurant or the clubhouse, and the asian steakhouse was closed. (Note: the casino is also closed right now, but the resort offers a complimentary shuttle to another resort, the Gran Melia, very frequently.)Some price examples in the gift shop: $2.85 for a 1 liter bottle of soda, $1.50 for a can of soda, $3.75 for the weekday New York Times, $2.00 for a candy bar. There is a coffee shop/bakery that serves excellent treats (and stays open late) where the prices are a bit more palatable ($7 sandwiches), but there are still some items that will make your head spin (cereal is close to $4 from what I remember - and more if you add fruit). The hotel website and in-house materials mentions a nominal fee for transportation to San Juan airport; this fee turns out to be $35/person. If you are not by yourself, a taxi is probably the better way to go. (After all, the cost for a family - despite the claim to nominality - would be exorbitant.)We were content to sit by the pool/beach and decided not to do much by way of sightseeing, but for those eager to get out and see more of the island, Rio Mar is quite isolated. You would certainly need a taxi ride to get to the nearest grocery store, and there is no town area nearby: just a stretch of highway that looks like the ugly parts of NJ (with much nicer views).Overall, the Rio Mar was a beautiful place to be for a few days. They should raise their standards when it comes to food, but in every other way...it was a nice slide of beachfront paradise.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>xxandrea
<Content>great experience i just got back from the rio mar yesterday and miss the place. i spent one week (more than enough) with my family and had a great time. you have to rent a car to get to the attractions and to buy food. the company dollar had the cheapest prices so we rented from there. getting to the hotel is very easy from the airport because it is one main road..dont be afraid to ask for directions when you're lost! parking at the hotel is VERY expensive ($15 per day) checking into the hotel was very easy and the staff is friendly..request a mini fridge and microwave at front desk to stock up on food from the local supermarkets (amigos, walgreens, wal-mart)..food at the hotel is TOO expensive so drive a few miles on route 3 where there are many cheap resturants. you will find a wendys, burgerking, pizza hut and sizzler every 10 miles.the rooms are very well kept and you could request a king bed or two doubles. it has a great balcony with the view of mountains (cheaper) or the ocean, cable tv, comfortable beds, a coffee maker, mini bar (do not use-very expensive!!!!), a safe, ironing board, iron, bathroom, microwave and small fridge.the hotel grounds are very pretty and the beach is clean, with blue waters. there, you can swim, pick shells are get a tan. the pools are huge and are open 24 hours, so go at night because its less crowded. it also has a slide which is fun for all ages.puerto rico is mostly hills and it is amazing how the houses are built way ontop. you must go to the rain forest EL YUNQUE!!! driving up there is very scary though because you have to drive uphill in curves in a narrow road. when you get to the top you see a waterfall which you can swim in. then you have to walk up a trail for 30 minutes to reach a bigger waterfall which is great to swim in. carry rain ponchos, and lots of water. drive to Old san juan which looks very similar to spain. there you can shop, eat and visit old forts and cemetaries. the old fort is cool but i must warn you about the flies!!! there are billions that stick to your clothing so i dont advise going there! there is much more to see, but just being there is satisfying. you'll have a great time at the rio mar-4 stars.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MsAdie
<Content>Beautiful Hotel I read many of the reviews so I knew what to expect, although the prices still shocked us! The Lobby and hotel grounds are gorgeous. Our room was a nice size and the bathroom was not cramped like many hotels. They gave us the wrong room initially but corrected the problem right away. I went on this vacation with my husband and parents, all adults no kids and I think this hotel is geared towards families. I am glad the pool was large enough that we could stay on one side which was more quiet, while the other side with the slide stayed packed with little ones, and large familes. There are two complaints that I do have, 1) The prices of food, spa services, and transportation were rediculous. 2) The concierge desk were not helpful and many times rude. The advice I would give you is to defintely plan on renting a car and do your research of what you want to do before you arrive. You can drive into Old San Juan and San Juan and eat at some wonderful restaurants, or some of the smaller restaurants that are in Rio Grande. You can also save money by eating a muffin, or bagel at the cafe rather than the $23/person buffet for breakfast. Get your beer and liquor from the corner store rather than the $10 drinks in a small dixie cup the hotel offers! Eat at Shimas, the asian restaurant in the hotel it is worth the price!!! Overall it was a great time!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	3	4	

<Author>The_Mambo_King
<Content>Great Hotel.. We just came back from a great 5 day stay at the Rio Mar. When we arrived, there was a guest complaining very loudly about his bill, and we were starting to get worried. However, the concierge noticed this and upgraded our room to an Ocean suite (Gracias Luis!) for us. Overall, the resort was great, very beautiful grounds, we went to a lot of beaches and the Rio's was great. We had zero issues with our bill and the staff was great. It is a expensive hotel, so be prepared if you plan on eating there, activities, etc. We rented a car and only ate there once. We like to explore etc, and I have to admit it would not have been the same without a rental car. That is a must. We spent a whole day in the rainforest, hiking, exploring, swimming in the waterfalls. We also booked a sailing/snorkeling trip with East Island Excursions.. it was excellent. Highly reccomend them. Overall, we loved our stay. Unfortunately, we got had a lot of cloudy days and rain at first, but it helped that we were at such a nice hotel. Definitely reccomend.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Love2Vacation07
<Content>LOVED RIO MAR!!! STAY HERE!!!       Beach!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>skhb74
<Content>Please with Rio Mar Overall I was very pleased with the Wyndham Rio Mar. I was part of a larger group. It was my husband's family reunion. There were 23 of us in total including children, two of which were under 2 years old. We all rented three of the 3-bedroom golf villas. I read many of the reviews on this site and because I got to see three different villas I do understand why there are different opinions. Of the three villas our group rented, one was fabulous (luckily, this was the one I was in), one was very nice, and one was not nice. I understand that each is owned privately so each is decorated and cared for differently. However, these were not cheap and the one villa was unacceptable for the price we paid. That one was Villa Naranja. It really needs to be nicer. It was practically bare and there were light bulbs without any fixtures. Just bare light bulbs. Not worth the price. However, Villa Chaly and Villa Rio were fantastic. Villa Rio was the best. If you go try to request it. I rented the villas through The Clusters.com. They were great. Totally helpful. Especially Xavier. He's awesome. Ok, now for the resort. It was very nice though we didn't spend a whole lot of time inside the main building. There was a bunch of construction going on past the main building. I guess just past where the ocean villas were. It was unattractive but the only reason we drove by it was because we drove past the main building by accident. You can't see it from the pool or beach as far as I know. Maybe from the Ocean VIllas though. We ate in the casual restaurant one night and were pleased. But I have to say I don't think Puerto Rican food is all that great to begin with so I wasn't expecting much. The golf villas are quite a ways away from the resort pool and beach. But each villa had use of a golf cart which made it fine. Especially for the kids. They loved the carts. We even found a free place to park a car (near the playground at the pool). The beach was nice though we spent most of our time at the pool. It was pretty windy most of the time we were there so they wouldn't allow umbrellas on the beach and we needed them for the babies. The food and drinks at the pool are ridiculously expensive. Bring a small cooler and bring your own. So that's it. Would I go back? Only if we did another family reunion there - my husband's family is Puerto Rican. Though this has nothing to do with the resort. I just think there are much nicer places than Puerto Rico. Aside from the resorts and more affluent areas near the resorts it seems to be all strip malls and high rise condos. With the exception of Old San Juan which should not be missed.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	5	

<Author>screwballgene
<Content>great trip We stayed on the first weekend of the changeover to Wyndham. Our special Wyndham package discount was handled well and was a great savings. The hotel facilities were excellent. The room was more than adequate in size for our family of 4 (kids age 18  15). I'm not sure why anyone would think the pool or beach were not nice. We took jet ski's out and had a great time with no one else in sight. It compares favorably with most beach resorts.Great location to the Rain Forest and the bio bay trips. The tips mentioned by other travelers helped as we parked in the employee lot and saved. The bakery at the entrance is indeed terrific and reasonably priced. We were prepared from other reviews that the food was expensive and everyone is correct. We also had the wonderful donuts and cookies for breakfast. I can't help but think that if they lowered the price of drinks at the pool  food cost that they would sell much more. We ate out at local restaurants which were all terrific. We played golf at twilight rates and had course to ourselves. Again we think due to cost. for 4 the price was over $300.All the staff were friendly and helpful. Would go back.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pauls153
<Content>Loved our 5 days at the Rio Mar My wife and I stayed at the Rio Mar for five days/four nights over the 4th of July (we鈥檙e both 35 years old). After reading many reviews I was a little nervous but every hotel has good and bad experiences.First and very important... rent a car! It was a very easy ride using the toll road and only took about 30 minutes. Once we arrived the front desk up-graded us from a Resort View room to a Jr. Ocean View Suite. It was very nice and in a great location at the end of the hall. Beautiful sunrise while drinking coffee on the lani and picture perfect sunsets each evening. When we vacation I need golf and my wife needs a beach/pool. The resort has two pools; one of them is considered a quiet pool and is designed for adults only. That wasn't always the case during our many hours poolside but it still was very relaxing. The beach is just beyond the pools and although it was windy and waves were cranking... it was also very pleasant. The staff will help you with your lounge chairs, umbrellas and towels. Wait staff is there for your drink and food needs. Definitely rent the jet skis and have a fun 30 minutes on the open ocean!When it comes to the restaurants - yes they are very expensive, but all resorts are. The food is very good and their steak house The Grille Room is located at the golf course and the steaks were on par with Ruth鈥檚 Chris. Only go if you are OK with paying $40 for a steak. A few nights we went off site just to check out the area. Las Vegas was probably the best local restaurant we experience.As for the golf, I played the Greg Norman River Course. A wonderful lay-out that requires you to be accurate off the tee. If you find the fairway on your tee shot then you can score well. Once again, like the restaurants on-site, the green fees are expensive so only play if you鈥檙e willing to hand over $100. It amazes me how some of the reviews on this site knock this resort because of the overall expense. If great food, great golf and beautiful ocean activities at a premium price does not meet your budget then DON鈥橳 book a vacation at a resort鈥?go camping! In all I give this resort an above-average rating. If it was a high school report card it would equal a B鈥?almost a B+ but they still have some studying to do in order to get that grade.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>SDM08
<Content>Great place to relax My wife, 5 kids (age 11 to 1) and I recently spent 10 days at the Wyndhamd Rio Mar in Puerto Rico, in a 2 bedroom ocean villa. We booked through [--]. Good price and great people to deal with. When we arrived, the found the villa to be spacious and very nicely decorated (3 fifty inch flat panel televisions, grantie countertops, tile floors) with two ocean front balconies. The beds were heavenly. We had the place virtually to ourselves.Outside the villa, the grounds and pools areas were very well kept (almost immaculate). The villas had two pools (a free form infinity edge pool and a separate olympic type pool). Both were very nice, but quiet. For more excitement, the main pool at the hotel was just down the beach path (approx. 200 yards). Tiki bar, water slide, kids program. The kids also loved the iguanas that wandered the grounds.The beach was fantastic, made of the softest brown/orange sand and edged by numerous palm trees. The villas also had a good number of permanent tiki type shade shelters on the beach. After reading other reviews, we chose not to eat at the resort restaurants, opting instead for local dining establishments. Our favorites were the Brass Cactus in Luqiullo and Lolitas just outside of Rio Mar (toward Fajardo).Overall, it was a very nice resort and we would not hesitate to return. We loved Puerto Rico, especially the Rio Mar.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Alltone
<Content>A Old Time Resort with No Management This is older, but comfortable resort. It's also in the middle of no-where, except entering north side of the rain forest. The trips to old San Juan are long and a tiring drive, likewise visiting the prettier east side of the islaind is 3-5 hours each way. The hotel's management is entirely absent, for example: 4 hours of 2-stroke leaf blowers Monday around the pools, concrete drills starting at 8am on the relandscaping project Thursday morning, half dozen kids screaming in the pool at 1-2 am in the morning two different nights, (really), they lost our car, the staff directed us to hotel restaurants that were closed, the casino is closed - for months, the beach and pool equipment isn't cleaned, PA system blasting music all night into the courtyeard because someone forgot to turn it off when the bar closed, and on and on. You can have a very comfortable and enjoyable stay, but it is one of the worst run resorts I've visited. Watch out if your room is by the pools, although the signs say they close at 8pm, they are 24/7 and that means big fun between 11-3am to alot of people. I would not go back.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>acnj
<Content>Loved Rio Mar The wyndham Rio Mar is located on a lush tropical setting. Although the beach in front of the hotel is choppy you can walk to the west of the hotel and find spots where the beach is very nice. Overall we had a very nice relaxed stay and would definitely go back. We had lunch at Richie's restaurant, very close to the hotel, and enjoyed a spectacular view.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>GoIreland
<Content>Awesome hotel-- little pricey though... This is a great hotel in an awesome location. I didn't want a hotel right next to the airport in San Juan (which is where most of the hotels are located) and was glad to have chosen the Rio Mar--it's about 19 miles from the airport and away from the majority of traffic. On the way in, we took what the locals consider a highway, but what most people would consider a long stretch of road with tons of stoplights. You may want to take their tollroad, which costs $1.50 and saves you about 20 minutes. The hotel itself is very spacious and so are the rooms. We were upgraded from resort view to ocean view upon check-in and the views didn't disappoint. You're right there on the beach and you have a nice little patio area. Also, the hotel is literally 10 min from El Yunque, the rainforest...it was a great location for what we wanted. The downsides I found: the walls in the room are a bit thin (we had to trade rooms because of loud neighbors in an adjoining room), the high hotel drink and food prices ($10 for a mixed drink, $15 for taquitos or nachos) and the high prices of the tours and excursions. You pay for convenience and while we had an excellent time on our exursions, it was still much pricer than had we booked directly with the tour operators. The Rio Mar website does not publish how much it charges for the tours and excursions, but I brought back the list, so here it is:Rainforest excursion: $38 per person; Horseback ride: $72 pp, Old San Juan: $48 pp; Bacardi and San Juan: $55pp; ATV's Adventure: 109.25pp; Bioluminescent kayak: $75pp; Sail and snorkel: $95pp; Culebra Day trip and snorkel: $130pp; Light Tackle Fishing: $450 pp; Bioluminescent Vieques: $160pp.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>anti-stress
<Content>Great vacation spot We stayed at the Rio Mar for 4 days during the 4th of July week 2007. We had a fantastic stay. The hotel, swimming pool, beach, amenities were great. The staff was very helpful esp. the concierge. They had printed out directions to everything. Pity I didn't take my dog along, since it's pet friendly, and I saw several dogs out for a walk with the guests.Food at Shimas was great. As with any resort, its expensive. Vegetarians beware, throughout our stay we had a tough time finding food options, in the hotel as well as outside. There aren't many restaurants nearby - so the only one we tried was Don Pepe on Rte 3. Its very close to the hotel, and had authentic Puerto Rican food. Loved the Malfungo (mashed plaintains). Stay here if you want to be close to beaches, water sports  activities. Its close to Fajardo which is where most of the island adventure trips such as snorkelling, scuba, kayaking etc are located. Also steps away from El Yunque which is a must see to get a flavor for a rainforest. We booked ourselves on East Island Adventures for snorkelling in Culebra, Eco Action Tours for Kayaking (Bio Bay). Both were good. There are several options and most are priced pretty much the same. I think the hotel charges a lot more than if you book directly with the tour company. The hotel has a great dive center, and rents out all kinds of equipments including water bikes.Towels  umbrellas on the beach are complimentary. Self Parking is $15  Valet is $25 a day. The casino was closed, but they have shuttles to take to you another casino.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kjscap
<Content>Beautiful resort by the beach My husband and I began our stay in PR with four nights here. I was a bit apprehensive after reading some of the reviews, but we had no problems and really enjoyed the resort. We rented a car upon arriving at the airport and drove from SJU to the Rio Mar with no troubles. We were able to stop along the way at Walgreens to stock up on sunscreen and some other items we couldn't pack due to the restrictions. Check-in was easy and we were upgraded to a beautiful ocean front room. The room was well appointed, clean, and quiet. We ate at the golf course's steakhouse the first night, which was really expensive, but did have good food. The food and drink prices are a bit higher than typical for a resort. We also at ate Marbella one night and at the casual out door restaurant for lunch. We took the shuttle that comes to the resort to the Bamboo Lounge one evening. That was a fun dinner. I wouldn't have wanted to drive there myself. Great view, okay food. I tried the mofongo. We also went to Don Pepe's which is just a short way from the hotel. It was pretty good and we liked seeing the dogs living on the roof next door. We drove to the ferry station at Fajardo and parked the car overnight while we spent two days in Vieques. That island was truly the highlight of the trip. It was absolutely beautiul and the bio-bay was amazing. I wish we would've spent more time there. Not to be missed!! We also went to El Yunque with our car-definitely skip the visitor center. The hotel will give the same map. We hiked to the waterfall, which was pretty. We left Rio Mar and stayed in SJ for our last three nights. I was really glad we had the time in RIo Mar first. The beach there is beautiful and you can walk forever down it. We had a great time  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>HAZ67
<Content>helpful hints and review       THANKS FOR THE DRINKS  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lmhendrix
<Content>Beautiful pool area, but serious drawbacks Recently stayed at the Rio Mar with my fiancee. The grounds and the pool area are beautiful, but we were disappointed with a lot of things. As can be expected, the prices at the hotel restaurants are outrageous, and the food is nothing special. They know that you're 1 hour from San Juan and 30 minutes from other restaurants, so the prices are very high. The most disappointing part of our stay was the golf. We saved up and had our one big splurge on a round of golf at the Ocean Course (there is also a River Course, but there was a tournament going on when we were there). First of all, there is only one par 3 hole that is on the ocean - and it's surrounded by construction as they are building new condos all around it. The other 17 holes are no where near the ocean. And they didn't even tell us that they were seeding all of the greens, so we paid $150 per person for green fees even though the greens were perfectly brown and sandy with seed. It was very disappointing. Though the course may have been special back in the '80s when Greg Norman designed it, it is very run down and is not worth such a high green fee. In conclusion, if you want to lay by a nice pool and be on a nice beach, you will enjoy this hotel, but for anything besides that, I highly recommend that you rent a car and go explore the real Puerto Rico outside of the hotel compound.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>devon0322
<Content>Loved the resort, but the prices were high       View from our room  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Iwiltellall
<Content>Great! The resort was beautiful, a bit expensive but if you catch a good sale -its worth it. The restaurants, bars and spa on site are pricey, but you can save lots of money on the tours by renting a car! The rainforest (El Yunique) is a free tour but the hotel charges $38 per person to take you there. El Yunique is directely up the long mountain road from the hotel. The hotel also offers a tour to Old San Juan which is $45 per person but they dont take you to the El Morro fort, it only goes to the forts by the shopping area. If you rent a car you can go throughout the entire tourist area and just pay for parking (much cheaper). Also, there's a great outlet mall about 20 minutes away from the hotel. The conceirge is very helpful with maps and directions so if you decide to rent a car - getting around shouldnt be a problem. I suggest you rent from the Avis car rental located at the resort because they'll give you free parking, otherwise parking is $15 a day for outside rentals. Also there's 2 really good spanish restaurants at the corner of highway #3 where the resort entrance is (Don Pepe  Antoniette's) their prices are way cheaper than anything in the resort. Also there's KFC's, Burger King's and other fast food places you can get to (if you have a car).Be sure to keep all your receipts charged to your room and review your bill before paying room charges. If your traveling with kids - the hotel feeds the iguanna's at 11am everyday for free - join in! The kids club is a bit a rip off, unless u really need a babysitter. Find a local liquor store and add alcohol to ur drinks at the beach. The spa was ok - but I've had better for cheaper. Sign up for Wyndam By Request and get extra perks such as late check out, free room upgrades, discounts to use at the resort, free snacks upon check in etc.Overall the hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating. The grounds were well kept, the pool and beach were great. I would definately stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eaf625
<Content>Loved Rio Mar I just came back from a five day vacation at Rio Mar and had a wonderful time. The staff was friendly and quick to respond to requests. The food was very good, but a little expensive. Rooms and grounds were clean and well maintained. The casino was closed for renovation, but we did not hear any noise from the construction. I traveled with my two children (ages 21 and 16) and all of us had a great time and would go back. The beach was beautiful and they have lounge chairs set up. The guys at the enterance to East Beach will set up unbrellas for you. They dug them in so deep that no matter how breezy it became I never saw one umbrella fly down the beach. The pool consists of two sections, the quiet section with the padded lounge chairs and the children's section without the padding on the chairs. I am not sure why only one section has padding but we did not spend much time at the pool. There was a cat that walked around the pool and I am not fond of cats. We did rent a car, but Rio Mar was programed into the GPS system incorrectly and we end up two hours away from the hotel. We called Rio Mar, and through a series of calls to Jose at the front desk we were lead to the hotel. Jose took each call personally and was a life saver. Since the hotel was programed incorrectly we only used the car for one run to the grocery store, but if you want to leave the hotel it is necessary to have a car.We booked our trip through Expedia and received a confirmation. But when I got to the airport I found that my kids had confirmed reservations, but I did not. I have no idea how this happened but I am glad that it was not a sign of how the vacation was going to progress. I will remember this as a great vacation even after I had to purchase another ticket at the airport and spent five hours in the car trying to get to Rio Mar. There are a few things I would do differently next time, but I would stay the same hotel.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>atlmorgan
<Content>Very Pleased With the Rio Mar! We stayed at the Rio Mar June 19th - 24th and had a great time! No matter how many reviews you read, you can never be sure how your trip will turn out, but we found Puerto Rico to have the friendliest people of all the islands we have visited and we thought the Wyndham was very nice. We found the resort, pools and beaches to be clean and not too crowded. We really didn't have a problem finding chairs at the pool or beach. Rooms have been recently updated and were comfortable. Everyone who worked at Rio Mar was friendly and very helpful, from front desk staff to maids to room service. Carlos at the concierge was great with arranging our snorkeling trip, providing recommendations to local restaurants, and directions. Recommendations: Rent a car - it's less expensive than the shuttle (we had a family of 4 with tween age kids) and you can go where you want when you want. Take a trip to WalMart or Amigos to stock up on bottled water/snacks/drinks. Go to El Yunque. We skipped the overpriced tour and went to the visitor's center and drove through the park stopping at the things we wanted to do and see. We did book a snorkeling day trip on a catamaran that went to a reef and then to Flamenco Beach on Culebra - it was one of the highlights of the trip! Eat at the local restaurants. The hotel restaurants are good enough as was room service, but we really enjoyed trying the local cuisine in the nearby restaurants. Take part in the iguana feeding at the Rio Mar - fun for all ages. Try to speak Spanish (even though it seems almost everyone in P.R. also speaks English) and ask lots of questions - everyone we met was so friendly and enjoyed telling us about Puerto Rico. What we'll do next time: might try to stay on Vieques or the caribbean side of the island - white sand, calmer water. We will try to visit Old San Juan and maybe take the Bacardi tour.If you are looking for lots of nightlife and shopping, this probably isn't the place for you - but if you want to relax a little and be near both the beach and El Yunque, I would recommend staying here. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>shida_girlBoston_MA
<Content>Beautiful Resort - Well Worth It! I traveled to this hotel with 3 other girlfriends from June 20-22. This was my 3rd trip to Puerto Rico. I think this resort is a testament to Wyndham responding to the outcry re: level of service when this hotel was a Westin because the reviews since they have controlled it are like night and day! Our check-in was a breeze, though the fron't desk wasn't the most pleasant but they got better througout our stay. Our rooms were on the 6th floor, right next to each other which was what we requested and we could see the water from our room. We ate dinner 2 nights and breakfast one morning on the grounds and thought that it was much more reasonable than I expected. For dinner, we ate at Marbella and had a turkey burger with all the fixins for $13.00. Breakfast was $10 for eggs, toast, bacon and home fries. The buffet was $23. In addition, the waitstaff was EXCELLENT! We had the same waiter (Waldy) each night and he was very accomodating to whatever we needed. The resort is HUGE and it can be a little confusing getting around (I got lost in the hallway trying to get back to my room from the car!) but they have many convenient features: a coffee shop that sells breakfast breads, coffee, ice cream and David's Cookies; stores and carts within the resort; live music in the lobby bar every night. The beach was not very crowded and we had no problem getting assistance from the staff is setting up chairs and umbrellas for us. The pool was very nice - they have a quiet pool for those who don't want kids doing cannonballs in the water while you are reading - a nice feature. We went to the rainforest, which is a must since it is literally across the highway from the resort! It was very nice. We ate at one of the places within the rainforest and the prices were reasonable and the food was yummy. And you are only 20-30 minutes from San Juan. All in all, a great choice for a hotel.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>jaz2h
<Content>Loved the Resort! We stayed the the resort from June 17th - 23rd for our honeymoon and had a fabulous time! We had a partial ocean view room on the 7th floor, which meant that our balcony had view of both the rain forest and the ocean. The property was pretty empty during the week which was great for us. The food was expensive but tasty, our favorite was the new Aqua Luna cafe which let us bring our own wine with no corking charge. The hotel grounds were beautiful and the beach was basically deserted with nice swimming. However it can't compare to the beach at Culbrera -definitely worth a day trip! We took the bio bay tour through the hotel $160 for two and it was definitely worth it. We rented a car (a must) and did the rest of our sightseeing on our own - San Juan, rainforest, Culbrera. We also would recommend both Las Vegas (by the rainforest) and Richie's (at the top of the hill above the resort) for off site food. We requested a mini fridge when we arrived and were told that they were all out. However, the fridge arrived the following day with a fruit plate and bottle of wine as an apology. We found that all of the staff were very pleasant and quite helpful. We also took the shuttle to the casino for an evening and found it to be a nice trip out (especially since we won and needed a distraction from our snorkeling sunburn). Overall this was a great experience and we would definitely return. The resort is a great location to tour eastern PR, however if you are looking for lots of nightlife this isn't the place. But, if you are looking to see PR and enjoy a tropical vacation in a beautiful place you can't go wrong with this resort!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>jae529
<Content>Fun in the Sun We stayed at the Rio Mar for 6 days and 5 nights and had a great time. The moment that we checked in we were upgraded to an ocean suite. The beach was alot of fun because it had waves but it was never rough. There were always plenty of beach chairs and it was never crowded. You have beach side service where we ordered numerous drinks and lunch each day. The pool was also very nice with a small slide and a volleyball net for the kids and kids at heart. The golf course also looked very inviting although we didnt play. The entire staff at the hotel were friendly - we never experienced any rudeness as some of the reviewers mentioned. Each time we asked for suggestions on local eateries they were always very helpful. We found that almost EVERYONE spoke english to the point where it was a bit disappointing because we wanted to feel like we were very far away from home. The Food at the Grille Restaurant in the hotel was our favorite - Best Prime RIb Ever and we are from New York which makes us big critics when it comes to food and service. If you are from a large city in the US like we are, prices will be more or less the same at all the restaurants. We thought all the restaurants in the hotel were very good. But renting a car is a must so you can go to the local eatieries and get a taste of real Puerto Rican Fare at inexpensive prices. The Yunque Rain Forest trip is a must do and it will give you a sense of accomplishment after hiking a mile up or down to the waterfalls and help rid some of the guilt from the thousands of calories that you have taken in so far with the Pina Coladas and Puerto Rican empanadas. The casino is closed until October and there wasnt any nightlife except the lobby bar which had live music. Dont bother going to the casino that they shuttle you to. Take a drive to El San Juan Hotel in San Juan..it is well worth the trip. The drive is about 30 minutes on rt 66 to 26 and it is a great place to go for gambling, lounging and dancing...all right in the lobby! It was action packed and a great place to visit and win some money but we were glad to return to our hotel at 430 am to serenity and relaxation. I dont recommend this resort for kids unless you plan on spending every waking moment with them! We chose not to take our kids and that was the best decision. I would recommend the Club Med in Punta Cana for that which have many more organized activities. But if you want a relaxing vacation with your significant other and enjoy a resort with all the comfort that you need, the Rio Mar is a great place to visit. My only complaint is that the drive to the resort when you enter the compound is a bit confusing. They have two signs, one that says turn left to the country club/condos and one that tells you to turn left to the resort when you should actually drive straight forward. We turned left towards some other area under construction and wasted time trying to figure out where we needed to go. But once we got there, the view to the rainforest in the front of the registration entrance was breathtaking. We loved it!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Boop09
<Content>Very Relaxing       Iguanas on the grounds  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	3	3	

<Author>WhereRWeGoingNext
<Content>Wonderful Stay This is a wonderful place. Fairly new, clean, classy place. Service also seemed good. The rooms are good size and well-maintained. The grounds, beach, and pools are beautiful. The beach is well-maintained. The other great thing about this place is that it is right outside the rain forest. Rt. 191 is right near the resort and it takes you right into the rain forest and you HAVE to go there. The rainforest is beautiful. Mak sure you go to at least Mt. Britton if not the peak and also go to the waterfalls. You can swim right underneath the waterfalls. There always seems to be a lot of people in the main waterfall, but if you go to the falls just above the main one, you will have a nice secluded area to swim in all to yourselves. The only two negatives about the Wyndham are the food and noise by the pools. We enjoyed going to the local restaurants, but we did order food in the room one night because we were in a hurry to be somewhere. The food they delivered was not very good. Also, if you get a room facing the pool, make sure it is on the fourth or fifth floors. The views are beautiful because you can also see the ocean. However, the pools are open 24/7. Generally there weren't many people in the pools at night and the ones that were there were quiet, but on one night we did hear some ignorant parents letting there screaming and yelling kid play in the pool late at night. We did not have much of a problem because we were on the fifth floor. It did not bother us but we could still hear this vocal child a little. I can only imagine what it must of sounded like on the lower floors.Make sure you eat at Richie's, which is just up the road from the resort. This place is close and has great food and a beautiful view of the ocean and surrounding area from the hilltop.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>carrkate
<Content>An Absolute Pleasure I read some reviews of the Westin that are pretty poor, and I just don't get it. I had the most glorious time at the Westin (now the Wyndham). My new husband and I planned our wedding at the Rio Mar. I do not have a single complaint. I had to admit that after reading some reviews, I was concerned about how the customer service would be. The customer service was a 10!!!! I was asked if I needed help whenever I wasn't even looking for help. The rooms are comfortable. And, if you do not have an ocean view or would rather save your pennies, the next best thing is the view of the Rain Forest. Every part of the resort property was absolutely breathtaking. The pictures on its website do not do the place justice. The beach and ocean are beautiful. The pool area is clean and relaxing. We had 80 friends and family at the hotel with us, and everyone had a glorious time. Yes, it is expensive, but it is expected at a vacation resort. Frozen drinks are $10, but you can get the local Medalla beer for $4. Dinners range from $14 to $50. You can do it pretty cheap if you wanted to. Rent a car for the day, go to the grocery and stock up on snacks, sandwiches, water and liqour. Save your money for dinner. For breakfast you can go to the coffee shop for $4 ham and cheese croissants. For lunch grab a foot long hot dog for $7. For dinner you can sit at the Bistro bar and have a pizza for $14. Depending on how adventerous you are, a rental car would be advisable, but not necessary. We only rented a car one day and went to the rain forest and Old San Juan. We were content the rest of the time just hanging out at the beach and relaxing. The iguanas add entertainment. Word of warning, the casino closed the day we left. Rumor is that it will be closed until October for rennovations. I do not have a bad thing to say about the Westin. iIcould not have asked for a more perfect vacation with family and friends, wedding or honeymoon. Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Shan83
<Content>Great relaxing vacation I recently stayed at the Rio Mar for my honeymoon and found it a pleasant and relaxing stay. Upon arrival the room we had booked was not available and we were put in a room with two double beds. This was a bad beginning but the staff quickly made up for it by transferring us to a ocean front king room. The room was clean and fairly big. The pool was beautiful as well as the beach was very clean and secluded. We went on a few excursions and found them very easy to book and affordable. My only complaints are the prices of food and drinks at the hotel were really expensive. Also, cab prices were very expensive as well, making it difficult to leave the hotel for cheaper food. Also, the resort was very 45 minutes from San Juan, making it difficult to enjoy San Juan nightlife which we had heard was excellent. Overall, our stay was great! I would suggest it for couples and especially families because the pool has a slide and was very conducive for children.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	4	5	

<Author>fbg_7
<Content>Beautiful grounds....not much activity We stayed at the Rio Mar from May 31st thru June 2nd. The property is immense and for as large as it is there is actually very little to do other than golfing and swimming. The casino was closed for renovations and during the week it seemed that the place closed down at 9:00pm. We went out on the grounds (poolside) after dinner to take a stroll with our infant and we felt very 'alone'. There usually wasn't a soul out near the pool after 7:00 pm. No nightly entertainment, which we are used to in most Caribbean resorts.Definitely rent a car. The hotel is out of the way and without a car you would be stuck eating at the expensive hotel restaurants. Breakfast for 2, around $50. Dinner at Palio for 2 (only 1 glass of wine each) $150. Instead, try Richie's, Antonojitos or Don Pepe. Also, if you drive south on Rte 3 there are many fast food and Sizzler type restaurants.Drink's at the hotel are almost prohibitive, so we asked for a fridge in our room and bought beer and wine and the local supermarket!Beach was ok, not too clean. Pool area was nice. Grounds were well maintained. The rooms were ok, beds and pillows were horrendous, service was ok and slow...staff was not too friendly. Had to complain to front desk more than once, not something I like to do while I'm on vacation.All in all this was an okay vacation with a high pricetag!Also, take note of your bill because we had erroneous bar charges on ours and had to have them investigated before we left.Would probably not go again! Too many other places where I can spend my vacation and get a better value!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>guest1234
<Content>Inept management and service The hotel is staffed by incompetents and personel who will promise anything to get you to go away but deliver nothing.Long lines at the front desk always.At check in the clerk will promise anything about the room. Of course I wanted a room with a water view. That was unavailable to me. I did state that I did not want a room overlooking a garge or parking lot and that is what I received. I did complain, and my room was changed to a slightly better room overlooking the cars pulling into the Hotel Entrance.Housekeeping did not deliver towels as promised twice.The pools were not filtered enough and there were floating small pieces of debris in the water.A shame because the place is truly beautiful. It is just not run properly.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	1	1	3	

<Author>melisjim
<Content>Just ok. Pros: 1-beautiful beach with plenty of sun beds and umbrellas (you have to ask the waiters to put one up for you)2-nicely sized rooms3-staff seemed very pleasant4-lobby bar stays open late with band or dj for latin dancing5- great spa ($140 for 50 min hot stone massage)Cons:1- everything was so expensive at the hotel. Just to give you an idea on prices: $10 for a smallish mojito, pina coladas, etc  $6 for a can of beer, breafast buffet was about $30 per person; tuna salad wrap with tortillas chips at the pool restaurant was $13. I didn't even try to eat dinner at the hotel restaurants because the menus seemed so pricey ( between $25-$35 per entree). I think that's just too expensive even if you are on vacation.2-you need a car or get a taxi if you want to eat a mid priced meal. We ate at a restaurant called Antojitos that was moderately priced and had good puerto rican food. It's at the end of the road just before rt 3. I was disappointed that there wasn't alot of puerto rican food served at the hotel during the day. I ate alot of american food.3-you need to look at your bill carefully when you check out. I was charged a bellman's fee of $14 though I had never used any of the bellman's services. And a mini bar charge appeared on my bill and i han't had anything from it.overall the rio mar was just ok. from what i hear, if you want to stay in this part of the island, the rio mar is the best you can do. don't forget to rent a car. The hotel shuttle to and from the airport is $60 per person. for that amount, you'll have a car to eat at restaurants outside the hotel and sight see.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>fg2704
<Content>Good place for familes; enjoyed our stay What a great place for families! Great pool, great beach. Good service pretty much everywhere at the hotel with only small issues here and there. Biggest drawback was the closed casino. The hotel will shuttle you to the nearby Gran Meila (15 to 20 minutes) but we're talking small kill some time casinos, not Las Vegas destinations, so even though I did this a couple of nights, it wasn't worth it. Especially not a good idea when the shuttle bus is full getting back to the Wyndham and I had to wait an hour for the next one. Just plan on skipping the casino experience (which was a big drawback because this was a factor in selecting this hotel in March and I never got any notice that it would close the day we arrived). As I write this review and rate this hotel, I have to look past this factor because it made me very angry.When we first arrived, food prices blew us away, but food anywhere in PR isn't really cheap. When you figure in the convenience and extra safety factor, I would say this goes with the territory. Reasonably priced kids menu, but it's limited. That said, we didn't eat or drink ($10 a drink) at the hotel much as a result. We got a small fridge for our room and bought some drinks to keep around. Hard to figure that this was something they would do, but I have to not knock them for high drink prices if they make it easier to have my own. Strange business practice, but works for families.Staff was very nice to us almost all the time. Front desk and Concierge were pretty busy most of the time and didn't move quickly, but that was a result of staff working to take care of each person. They had printed directions to almost everything ready to hand out--very helpful. Valet parking was a little slow at peak times, but that should be expected. We learned to call ahead and they always had it ready to go. This was the nicest (most expensive) resort in which we have ever stayed, so we weren't the big tippers. We focused on being nice to the staff, even when we were tired, and tipping modestly. We were treated well in return.In terms of places to eat, we are apparently just too darn Americanized. Our favorite family places were Wing Hut (next to Pep Boys and North of Hwy 3 at the same turn where Walmart is to the south). Go figure, the standard Hibachi Grill which did a great job and entertained too; Don Pepe: combo mexican and local dishes just west of the turn on Hwy 3 into the resort and Antojitos, a local food menu right on the road from Hwy 3 to the resort. We also stopped quite a few times at the bakery on Hwy 3 which we found to be good food and excellent baked goods and sandwiches. Service was difficult and not well organized, but we still enjoyed it and met one of the owners who was a very nice lady.We organized most of our own off-resort activites to save a little money or tailor it to our needs. You do save money, but you also have a little more stress. All of our activities went well, but don't hesitate to ask for referrals, you'll probably get a good one and that's more reliable than a web site.Other than the casino, we didn't really have anything to complain about and the hotel was full during our stay including some business groups and graduations. Occasionally you might have to wait a little, but if you can check your attitude and recognize when you are tired, you will realize that most of the people there want to help you enjoy your stay. Frankly, I think most of the negative posts on this site are by people you couldn't make happy in a million years. They want a $500 room for $100 and everything to revolve around them. Just know you're going to have to pay up to stay here even if you get a good room rate--this is a great resort and its staff and owners deserve to make a living. All things considered, this was a great resort we could enjoy year after year. And the closed casino probably saved me money and got me more sleep.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>redbug22
<Content>Nice My husband and arrived memorial day weekend for our anniversary trip. Most of the previous reviews were very helpful and accurate about the food, prices are high, and hotel rooms needing updating. However, the grounds are very nice and staying across from the rain forest was great. 1. The hotel is about 45 min from San Juan but is right across the street from the Rain Forest and close to the Biolumniscent Bay ( a must see attraction). The drive to the hotel is not pretty but once you get on the grounds it is nice. 2. The hotel is very nice, pool, and interior. The beach is nice but not the prettiest beach. The night time activities are limited but it is enough, especailly to enjoy a drink and music.3. Our room was fine but the pillows had an odor( staff quickly fixed) and toilet is outdated. 4. Restaurant choices are limited in the area. We did eat at Richies, food was okay, view was great, but it was overpriced. Marbella's in the hotel is nice and David's Cookies is great. 5. Pool is great, Iguana feeding was nice. 6. We rented a car, ( I would recommend) and it was great. Drive along route 178 along the coast to get to San Juan it is nice drive.7. Staff was okay, concierge was very helpful. 8. The rooms should be remodeled but they are fine. We would go back again and stay at the Wyndham.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>global321
<Content>Not the place to stay! Although housed in a nice building and grounds, there were major problems at the Westin Rio Mar. First, you are in the middle of nowhere! That would be fine as they advertise that they have several on site restaurants. Most were not open on weekdays though and that left us with few eating options. One night we were forced to eat peanut butter sandwiches in our room.Our second problem with the Rio Mar is the lack of cleanliness inside and out including the beach which always had a ton of garbage along the shoreline. Our room was only given a quick once over each day and were not clean on arrival or any day that we stayed.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Bubba_Who_Now
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Very Pricey       Tiki Bar  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bronxkid9
<Content>Beautiful hotel, horrible service This hotel left alot to be desired.When we arrived, the valet did not want to take the car. I pulled the suitcases from the car and watched as my daughter (9 years old) struggled to carry her bag up the steps while 3 bellhops watched her and continued their conversation.We arrived to check in to find our rooms were not ready. We were told to change into bathing suits in the bathrooms next to the check-in desk. We went to the pool to find it had film floating on top of the water and vomit. When we were allowed into the room, it was nice.The next day we enjoyed some of the facilities. At 4pm, we returned to the room to find that it was still not made up. We called to have it prepared and an hour later someone came up.The pool still had the same issues as before even after several people complained.The next day we used the cabana, since it was included in the package. Someone dropped off the sodas and water in the morning and we never saw him again.The pool still had the mysterious film.We had lunch at a beachside bar. It took 1 hour to bring a $13.50 chicken salad sandwich.Later that day, we went to the room to find it was not ready at 5pm and when I called, the operator asked, what do you want me to do? Then they cleaned the room and did not bring toiletries. I called again but no one dropped of the shampoo. I had to drive to a store to get shampoo.To get the car out of the valet was an experience. It took on average 15-30 minutes to get the car and the valet gave me a dirty look as I handed him the key. The next day we complained to the manager who did try to help. She agreed the service was so bad, the offered us 20000 starwood points and wipe out all room charges. We left. While leaving, the bell staff made sure the service was good. This angered me more because this showed that the hotel was not properly supervising its employees.The kids camp was good, the casino was good, but they could not make up for what was the worst experience my family ever had on a vacation.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>allsmiles8
<Content>Exceptional service in paradise My husband and our two boys (6 and 12) stayed at the Westin Rio mar from May 11-15 2007. I went on this web site prior to our trip weeklyto check the reviews and I was nervous after reading negative reviewsabout the service, food and cleanliness of the rooms. Let me put everyones minds at ease that this is the most fabulous resort with exceptional service in paradise.When we arrived at the resort we were greeted by two smiling bellmen who helped us with our luggage. Check-in was a breeze 10 minutes at the most. We requested our room to be on the 6th or 7th flloor overlooking the El YunQue rainforest. If you do get a resortview instead of oceanview which I recomend it will save you money and actually it is more impressive than the ocean view, stay on the 6 or 7th floor. Our room was in pristine condtion with two Heavenly beds, terracotta tile floors, the room has a blow-dryer in it that is better than the one I have at home, a safe was in our room as well, along with toiletries from Bath and Body Works, bottled water was given to us daily (San Pelligrino) there was supposed to be a charge for this type of bottled water but our maid gave it to us for free. The beaches here at the resort are to die for. Super clean and smoothsand with turquiose water that is never cold! And the three swimming pools (with one water slide) are amazing. We ate every moring at Marabell's the food was exceptional. They serve a breakfast buffet. The continental buffet was 16 dollars whichconsisted of muffins, donuts, bagels, lox, ham, cheese, fresh fruit(mangoes papaya, berries watermelon, melons) cereals yogur and granolas. The other buffet was eggs sausage bacon omlet bar (made to order) and everything else under the sun this was 23, our 6 yr old's meal was free and our 12yr old was 8dollars. I highly reccomend this buffet and what we did was keep our yogurt on ice and bananas for lunch because we are not big lunch eaters. I do not recommend gettingyour muffins and coffee at the David's coffee place located in the resort. We ended up paying 25 dollars for two juices, 3 muffins, and two coffees when at the buffet we paid apx 50 for all of us to eat and we were stuffed and we had food left over for lunch.For dinner we ate off of the resort at a place at thebottom of Rd968 and Rd 3 called Anojitos where we had a delicious, authentic Puerto Rican meal with excellent service. Ask for Monica to serve you. She'swonderful and very pleasant to speak with. She went out into the backand caught a Coqui frog for our children to see! Do not waste your money on shuttle and Taxi services on the island. Definately, definately rent a car....in the end it's far cheaper and you have access to the entire island. We explored the rainforest in our car, then on foot. It's an experience we will relish forever. We are definately going back to the Rio Mar!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeachQueen06
<Content>Loved the Westin Rio Mar!       El Yunque - View from Hotel  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sashimi7
<Content>Gorgeous property, great service, loved it! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights of our 3 day stay in Puerto Rico. I wish we had stayed here an extra night - this hotel is absolutely beautiful! Everything was well maintained and beautifully kept - the beach was very nice and the pool was not bad. The location was also very good, if you are more interested in nature and such. We drove here from the airport (very easy half-hour drive, take the new 66 highway and make sure you have quarters for the $1.50 toll) and were astounded at how large the property grounds are. It's very close to El Yunque rainforest so if you rent a car, you just drive across the street and go up the mountain into the rainforest. We did the Big Tree hike and saw La Mina waterfall. (bring a bathing suit, you can swim in the waterfall) For food, we ate off the hotel grounds. I highly, HIGHLY recommend Richie's (if you continue to go past the entrance of the Westin, it's up the hill on the right). A local restaurant that serves Puerto Rican food, I had my best meal here. If you get Manny, you are in for a treat - he was possibly the best waiter I've ever had! My boyfriend and I were amazed at how he anticipated everything we needed - he saw us scratching at ourselves b/c of the mosquitos (make sure you bring lots of bug spray) and offered us a can of Off! bug repellant before we even asked him. And the food was to die for - very flavorful and rich. It is on the pricier side but you will pay that much if you eat at the hotel anyway. We also got a couple's massage at Mandara Spa - I remember my masseuse's name (Carlos) and he was very good. Again, rather pricy but you are on vacation right? Overall, our stay at the Westin was great - everyone there treated us very kindly and was very quick to service us if we had any requests. We managed to get a free upgrade to an oceanview room and the room itself was fine - standard hotel room, nothing special, but clean and of course, has the Westin Heavenly bed. The view from our room was spectacular - it looked into El Yunque rainforest and had the ocean on our right. If we go back to Puerto Rico, I would not hesitate to stay at the Westin again.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tstreett
<Content>Great Couples Destination My wife and I stayed here two years ago and had a wonderful time. Using our Starwood Gold card, we were immediately given a fantastic upgrade upon check-in that had great water views. The resort was well-maintained, not too crowded and one of our highlights was reading in their comfortable lounge chairs around one of the pools. Staff was attentive and polite and the meals that we had were all above average for this type of resort. Didn't really hit the beach, but enjoyed some great tennis with one of the pros from their affiliated tennis schools. For tennis players, you'd love the courts.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NickOceanNJ
<Content>Good Overall Resort.. nice time... BUT... I stayed at this resort with a large group. Overall I would say it was very enjoyable (except at the end... I will explain).The rooms are very nice, large, and most with a view of either the ocean or mountains. The beach is very quiet but relaxing. The water was VERY clean when we went and calm. You can see fish swimming around you and thousands of live sand dollars. That was cool. The Beach is a short stroll from the pool area which was also very nice with a little more action. There is a bar at the pool (and bartenders at the beach too). The food menu could be better at the pool bar and it closed early (5pm!). There is a golf course, small casino, and SPA. What else do you need?Now the bad part... I had a tuna wrap at the pool bar for lunch on the last day and got food poisening!!! I was very sick for hours and almost could not leave the next day. That put a bad taste in my mouth to say the least!! If I were to return... I would NOT eat at the pool bar which is a shame because when on vacation at the beach and pool... sometimes you just don't want to leave... and just eat there.I would probably go back.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bostonss
<Content>A great home base for activities Stayed there last week as part of a large group that took up most of the hotel. The hotel itself is nice and the grounds are well kept with a fantastic beach. Lounge chairs  umbrellas were complimentary and there were plenty to go around. The beach is fairly large and never got too crowded. Beach toys are available for rent. We had a room on the 6th floor with a great ocean view and a balcony overlooking the main back yard with views of the pools and beach areas. Anything lower and the palm trees may obscure your view a bit. We had 2 double beds which were ok although we would have preferred a king. Tile floors and the bathroom was nice sized. Overall it was clean and comfortable. We got a mini fridge to cut down on costs and they brought that up within 5 minutes of asking for it. We only ate at the resort once at Aqua Luna which was ok...not fantastic but good overall. Our best meals were ones we got offsite consisting of local food. The numbered kioks at Luquillo beach (about 5 minutes from the hotel) off of Route 3 on the left hand side (2 stoplights away) were great. We went 3 times. They all offer similar food but #58 had a whole spit roasted pig which was outstanding and the best pork we've ever had. Across from them was a little tent selling chicken  pork skewers for $2 each which were also good (chicken better). #60 had a great seafood rice dish chock full of seafood. We spent between $10-20 each time we went. You can pick up the food  walk about 30 steps to Luquillo beach which is directly behind the food kiosks. Another great find was Ismar's Bakery on the corner of Route 3  where you turn into the Westin. Great Cuban  Pastrami sandwiches. Pueblo, the supermarket also had a great little cafe that had even locals lined up. If you are driving yourself from the airport, you will find plenty of supermarkets along Route 3 (which has tons of stoplights) to stock up on food  drinks. Must do's: 1) the Biobay in Fajardo...we're so glad we tried it and swam with the dinoflagellates...we just drove to the pier and paid $45/each to EcoAdventures 2) El Yunque hiking - tip...take the Ranger hike for $5/adult that lasts 1 hour to learn more about the rainforest  its inhabitants if you want a tour rather than pay $60 for the same thing from a tour operator 3) Nature Reserve of Las Cabezas (near Biobay in Fajardo) offers a $7/adult tour of the reserve 4) cock fights in Isla Verde to see locals enjoying a favorite pasttime for $10.75 for men (ladies get in free) 5) old san juanWould stay at the Westin Rio Mar again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>NYTraveller2
<Content>Family Friendly Environment After reading the other reviews, I felt compelled to give my opinion. We stayed at the hotel for the New Years 2006-2007 weekend. I agreed with most of the reviews but also should say that you need to know what you want out of a vacation prior to booking (in all fairnest). My husband take on it - GOLF WAS GREAT!! The staff was very helpful and by the end of our stay they knew us by name. MY 11yr Daughter - Pool was clean, accessibiltiy to beach was great. She had the opportunity to meet alot of kids her age. For me - Just being able to RELAX was all this hotel was about. We stayed onsite for the 4 days and ate at all the available restaurants. I did feel that the service needs to be improved. As far as the pricing, it was a bit steep, but we made the decision not to leave the resort. My only complaint was the Salon. It was very disappointing. Other than that, we are actually looking to book next year again. HOWEVER, we will leave the resort for dinner.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>marshg1
<Content>An average resort (honest review)       AN AVERAGE RESORT (HONEST REVIEW)  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>robandlil
<Content>Westin is great for Starpoints Just got back from Easter week at the Westin Rio Mar. We booked the hotel on points thru Starwood which was great. I used Trip Advisor hints extensively, so I wanted to report back on how it went.We rented a car from Avis at the airport for about $200 for the week which gave us flexiblitiy and savings. This was cheaper then using hotel transport which is $75 pp/each way. When we got to the hotel we used the open air staff parking across from the basement self park of the hotel. Again this saved us $10 a night for self park or $20 a night for valet park. When we arrived at the hotel at 2:30 our room was not ready, as we knew to expect from previous postings, so we had bathing suits and flip flops available, changed in the bathroom and hit the beach. By 4:00 we really wanted to check in, so got back on line. (this hotel does not have a starwood express line as it should) We were told our room still wasn't ready. When I pointed out that check in was supposed to be at 3, I was told that they have a window from 3 to 5. As I found this unacceptable, I announced that we would now wait at the lobby bar with complimentary drinks from them and that when the room was ready they could call us at the bar. The clerk said just one moment - went into the office for a minute- and came out announcing that our room was now ready. We asked for and received an upper floor with ocean view. The room was a little shabby, with cracked floor tiles and chipped tub, not as modern as the Westin in Cancun. But it was scrupulously clean and perfectly acceptable. Especially as it was free. The safe was still locked from previous guests, the refrigerator I had requested was not there, and the room key did not work. I stopped a passing security man, who apparently made a call for us and all was fixed within a half hour.We had stopped at Rodriquez' market on the corner of 3 as you turn to go on the road for the Westin as recommended on this site. This worked out well. We stocked up on soda, juice, chips, cookies and milk. This rounded out the hotel meals and meals out.In the room is a snack/drink frdge that is locked. We never unlocked it as I had read that the prices were ridiculous. There are 2 kinds of water in the room, large bottles with a private label from a local spring water company. These are free and I asked the maid to leave us extra each day which she did. I stored these in the fridge, and brought them down to the beach along with my insulated mug full of ice. This This worked out well. The bar refilled my mug with ice whenever I asked. Tere are also small bottles of water labelled Westin in the room. These are $3 each which you are not told. Most people were walking around with the Westin water - I think they wrongly thought that was the free one. There was a coffee maker with supplies (free) in the room as well as bathrobes.The hotel was full, and preferred seating at the pool and beach was hard to come by. There are two pools. Only the quiet pool has chairs with cushions. This was my biggest complaint. It is hard to sit all day on fake plastic wicker beach chairs. So by about 9:00 the best chairs at the pools (under umbrellas) and at the beach in the shade were already reserved. My husband went down at 7 each morning to put towels and magazines on the chairs in the shade that we wanted. At 8 you can wait on line for a worker to set up an umbrella on the beach for you. People who came down at 11 were out of luck for chairs or umbrella's. We saw a lot of angry people. However, I will remind you that this was Easter week and probably if you go at any other week it wouldn't be so cutthroat.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	1	5	3	

<Author>WMTraveler
<Content>The place was wonderful . . . I just returned from a stay at this resort and found it to be wonderful! The rooms were nice, the staff attentive, the beach, pools and weather were amazing! The golf was great! The resort was VERY family friendly with so many great things for the kids to do.Yes, yes - the food and drinks were overpriced, but that is to be expected at a resort like this, in my opinion. I attended a yoga class poolside and received a private one hour lesson because I was the only one who showed up. The instructer was awesome and what an incredible opportunity to learn about yoga. After looking at some of the previous entries, I think there are some people who did not research their vacation plans very well and who are just looking for something to complain about. The place was wonderful and I would recommend it to my friends and family.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>jlb3
<Content>Typical beach resort My fiance and I read the other reviews on TripAdvisor prior to booking our trip over Easter weekend to this venue. I would say that most of the other reviews on here give a reasonable portrait of the property. Nonetheless, there are a few things I'd like to point out that I think are important to booking a stay there.The good:- Grounds - The hotel is a lovely property. We found the room to be very spacious and very clean. A bit utilitarian (tile floors) but wise choices given the beach location. The beachfront itself is fantastic, some of the best in Puerto Rico. There are two pools which are very attractive. On both the beach and by the pools, there are always enough chairs.- Drinks - As others have noted, the bartenders make fantastic mojitos, pina coladas, and frozen mojitos. - Entertainment - Great tennis, golf, casino and lots of bars and restaurants. You certainly could have a pleasant vacation without leaving the grounds (though I would strongly advise going off grounds). The hotel can book virtually any activity for you (at their inflated prices, of course).- Family friendly - For those that have kids, it seems to be a great place for kids, but....The bad:- Kids - Obviously Easter weekend is the worst of the worst in terms of there being crowds and lots of families. The hotel does a great job of providing things for kids to do and it is a safe environment for them, generally, though we did see the hotel serving extremely young minors alcohol on one occasion. We stayed on the beach and away from the pool, where most of the kids were (even the quiet pool was full of screaming kids) so it did not bother us. They didn't make too much noise in the halls, though i could see that being an issue.- Service/Speed - I simply don't buy the concept of Caribbean time and as long as I am at an American-owned resort I consider extreme slowness and incompetence unacceptable. The hotel first tried to put us in an out-of-the-way room with two double beds until we complained and got the king we booked. Because the hotel is also the country club for wealthy locals, I repeatedly noticed that Puerto Rican locals were treated much better than out of town guests. The bartenders at the pool area were almost comically slow with drink service, to the point where other guests were yelling at them as they stood joking around, entering their tips into the computers, and otherwise not serving people. - Restaurants - The breakfast at Marbella was fairly good. We also had dinner at Aqualuna, the seafood place. It was pretty mediocre. Prices are basically on the higher end of New York prices, but the quality is not there - typical of a beach resort. Even for New Yorkers, we got some sticker shock when we saw that the Italian restaurant was charging nearly $30 for plates of pasta.There are several local places that are enjoyable, including Antojitos down the street. We also liked Las Vegas, just down the road, for dinner. We stayed here on Starwood points over a very busy weekend and were generally pleased with how the hotel handled the crowds. It was of course annoying that service was sometimes slow, and I was irked, though not surprised, at how much they nickel and dime you (nothing is complimentary, including in room internet). If you want an easy place to stay, it's a good place, and I note that on the following Monday (our last day) it got much quieter and more relaxing. Overall, not much about the place surprised me.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>LimitedTraveler
<Content>Nice place to stay We stayed at the Westin with our kids (14/12) during Spring Break. Our room was clean, but it was a bit disappointing to walk the corridor to our room and see discarded room service left on the floor, sometimes for up to two days, without being taken away. It became a running joke with us to see when the trash would be picked up. I agree with most of the reviews about the staff and restaurants. The staff was friendly and accommodating, but service in most of the restaurants was slow. The food was fine. Although there are many restaurants on site, the menus in each are fairly limited. The pricing was about what you expect from a resort - very expensive. i could not believe they had the nerve to charge $45/person for Easter Brunch. We avoided that. The concierge staff was very friendly, but not as knowledgeable as I thought they should be. The beach was clean and we could always find a chair, even though the place was extremely crowded. The ocean at this location was very calm - no body surfing here. If you stay here and don't want to be stuck on the property, you have to rent a car. Don't rent a car at the hotel. When I called, they wanted to charge about $60/day for the smallest car. Instead, I rented a four-door at the airport for $200 for the week. The car came in very handy as we went to El Yunque (excellent), Hacienda Carabali (lots of fun for the kids) for horseback riding, Fajardo for the bioluminscent bay trip (a bit disappointing), and Old San Juan/El Morro (excellent). If you have a car, don't go through the concierge to arrange for these activities. They are extremely overpriced if you go through the hotel. Essentially, you are paying for the transportation. Plus, a car was necessary to go to Walmart (about 15 minutes away), Walgreens (about 10 minutes away), and the Belz Factory Outlet (about 15 minutes away). You need to stock up at these places rather than rely on eating at the hotel too often. But overall, this was a very good vacation spot.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Glenncz
<Content>We really enjoy this resort!       rainforest waterfall on El Yunque tour  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>emmamax
<Content>Great Family Trip!!! I was so apprehensive based on the reviews here, but I am glad I went and BOY were they wrong!!!! This was a great hotel. It's not a Four Seasons, but given that the rates were about 1/2 of a 4Seasons, I think it was a good value. We used SPG points for our room and we ended up with an Ocean view 1br suite (we paid for this with points - not an upgrade). Pros: beautiful, gorgeous property with palm trees, a private beach, 2 pools, hot tubs, water slide. Very spacious rooms with comfortable beds. Contrary to the posters below, we had very good housekeeping, although they did forget turndown at least 2 nights (they came as soon as we called). The breakfast buffet was expensive - albeit no more than any other buffet in any other upscale carribbean hotel. They never even charged us for our kids! Not once! Room service was very fairly priced, and I thought the room service staff went out of their way for us - 1 day my kids wanted a vanilla doughnut and they actually went down to the buffet and got it for her and brought it to the room. Cons: as stated here a million times, this hotel is drastically understaffed, which makes no sense, especially in PR with an unemployment rate of 20%, There is little organization, and getting chairs by the pool on a holiday week required a serious plan of action- umbrellas were generally gone by 6:45 am (NOT kidding!) and more than 2 chairs together were gone by 8am,. Having primarily stayed in 4 or 5 star hotels, I went down to the pool the first day with a $20 in hand thinking I would pick my chairs...hahaha. They weren't even interested! Lunch at the pool restaurant (Coqui) took 2 hours one day. As mentioned before, we only received turndown 2 or 3 nights out of our 5. Food is expensive, but again no more than the Ritz or the El Conquistador. Oh, but for an international management company...not ONE piece of Matzah during passover - and I heard many many tables asking for it!All in all, my kids had a fabulous fabulous time. They had tons of activities for everyone from hairbraiding, to smores on the beach to iguana feeding, all free. The hotel was overrun with kids (school holiday week) but I thought they were pretty well behaved, considering.BTW, as I am writing this, Westin has announced that they are resigning management of this property beginning May 10 and Wyndham will be taking over.Would I go back? Absolutely. Would I pay $400 a night? Probably not.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mandirae
<Content>Beautiful grounds, lovely beach and relaxed atmosphere... Just returned from a 5 night stay at The Westin Rio Mar Resort. We stayed here a few years ago. The hotel is nicely situated and has lovely grounds. Very relaxed atmosphere and generally staff were pleasant and motivated to please.The large stretch of beach, this property fronts is lovely. The water was clean and inviting. Yes, I do agree with some of the negatives regarding the limited, expensive food choices, but we made the best of it. We remembered this issue from our prior stay,but we wanted to give it another try-hoping for some inprovement. I must note that we stayed our last two nights at The Ritz Carlton, near Old San Juan area.Surprisingly, we preferred the Westin due to what we valued as important for our vacation stay. We liked the idea of being away from the city-more importantly-the airport.(the sound of airplanes/smell of fuel was disturbing) It was nice to just relax and not feel that we had to leave the property to dine. Some dinners were dissapppointing-but some were very good and enjoyable-despite the expense. We have stayed at other resorts where the meals were at least equal or more costly so we were not shocked. If you truly like to be out and about and have access to the nightlfe of Old San Juan area, then yes staying here might not be the best choice. But if you are looking for a relaxing beach resort experience without the need to have something to do every night then this might be what you are looking for. We did do a one day shopping/lunch in Old San Juan-which was enough for us.Some more adventurous people visit the Rain Forest nearby. The Casino is small(in comparision to the one at The Ritz) but adequate. They have a David's Cookies that has ice cream, cookies, desserts, and coffee. In the morning you can get coffee/ muffin for low cost breakfast. We mostly ate at the bar area which had a very nice delux continental breakfast for $15.00 including tax/gratuities. Thought this was a great deal and very good. Dinner at their main dinning room, Meres was very good. Lunch at Coqui was good-but do avoid dinner there. We ate twice at the Italian restaurant-Palio-which was very good. Service tends to be slower than what you would expect or hope for, but found that to be the tendency. I do have to say, though that the pleasant and accommodating staff made up for the slow service at times. We enjoyed our stay at the Westin and would return. Just need to know what you are looking for. Please email me with any questions.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KateSanDiego
<Content>Very disappointing I stayed at the Rio last month and coudlnt believe this is classified as a Westin. This is further from the Westin than I hope to ever experience again. Other than the fact that the resort is extremely isolated, the resort iteself has its serious pitfalls. We had one out of four days where our room was not made up. Friends of ours had 3 out of 4 days without their room being made up. And no they didnt spend theirs days in the room. We were up and out of our room by 10am only to return at 5pm to find the room as we left it.Every restaurant is a rip off, and the food extremely disappointing. Unfortunately there is nowhere else nearby so you are forced to waste your money on what they offer. The concierge sent us by shuttle to a restaurant slightly away from the main hotel. Only to arrive there and after waiting for 15mins they told us the restaurant was fully booked! No organization within the hotel. We saw this pattern over and over again.We rented a car from Avis who has an office on site. A $5 per day parking rate was offered due to the rental car, and when I reminded the front desk agent about the discount she was nothing but rude and demeaning and refused to budge. Overall the lack of customer service is really frustrating and extremely disappointing.I would advise you to pick somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>globalconsigliari
<Content>Beware: They didn't honor my reservation! (and Conquistador is better) I had booked a ocean-front room for my honeymoon one month prior to arrival. Upon arrival, they said they were unable to honor my reservation and gave me a much lesser room. We left and went to the Conquistador which was great! For the same price, Conquistador was twice the hotel - service too - and a cool little island. The Westin may otherwise be a nice hotel, but not for me, and not compared to its neighbor.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amerimab
<Content>Would never go again We have just returned from our trip to Puerto Rico. We stayed at the Westin Rio Del Mar. The hotel itself is very beautiful. The service was very slow and the food was very very expensive. We have never experienced prices like that. For example the buffet breakfast was $23.00 per person. Since the hotel is somewhat secluded you did not have any option but to eat at their resortAll of the rooms are beautiful and were to have an ocean or a mountain view with a patio with furniture to sit and have your morning coffee. We had a mountain view, but we also were at the same level as the roof that had an air conditioner blasting away and workman cleaning up garbage. We paid $300.00 per night to listen to the air conditioner and watch men clean uo garbage. We couldn't even open our curtains.We also had an adjoining room. There was a large gap under the door so we could hear people next door sneezing loud enough to say god bless you and whether or not they should shower or just go to bed. We tried to get another room, but to no avail. The other guests in our party had ocean views.We were very disappointed and would never go there again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Elkay65
<Content>Nice but a little isolated       view from our room  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>luv2travel63
<Content>Had a great Vacation in Puerto Rico My wife and 2 daughters (12 and 15) just returned from a one week stay at the Westin. We were a little nervous staying at the Westin as the reviews are so mixed. Overall we had a great time and enjoyed the hotel. We were debating between the Caribe Hilton and the El Conquistador. We were very happy with our choice. We booked the hotelby calling the Westin and were given the lowest rate with AAA over the phone. It was 278 for ocean view per night plus taxes and resort fees. As mentioned earlier the resort fees are expensive so the room was about 340 per night with the extras. Yes the resort is remote so I would strongly recommend getting a car at the airport otherwise youare stuck on the property. We parked each night in the employee lot accross from the main lot and this was free otherwise parking was 15 per night.We booked one room for the four of us with two double beds and balcony. The room was clean and about average size. The view was toward the ocean but you really had to be on the balcony to see the ocean. We tried to upgrade as we are Starwood Gold but the hotel was overbooked and we could not move. I think we could have moved the next day but my kids were settled in so I did not try. The bedding was nice but the beds were not like the heavenly beds at other Westins. They were OK but not nearly as nice as the normal heavenly beds. The bathroom was nothing special with only one sink and tub shower combo with adequate hot water and water pressure. The housekeeping was fine and the room was kept clean each day. We did have a rollaway brought in as our kids don't like to sleep together so it was a little cramped and they also brought a small refrigeratorwhich was nice to keep beer and soda to take to the beach. There was no charge for the frig or the extra bed. The TV was 27 inches with an OK selection of channels but no movie channels. The Beach as the Westin was great. Large and clean with plenty of chairs and umbrellas. The waves were great and my 12 year old played for days with her boogie board. (we bought the boards at Walgreens for 9.99 and it was much cheaper than renting it from the hotel) The pools were also very nice but most of our time was at the beach. I believe there were activities at the pool but our kids did not do any of them. The workers at the Westin were all nice and helpful, except for the people handing out towels at the pool.We ate mostly at David's cookies for breakfast with scones and croissants. The prices were reasonable and OK food. We had buffet breakfast once at Meribels for about 23$ for adults and kids were half price. It was a little disappointing but the omeletes and bagels with lox were nice. The fruits were not good without any type of berries and a weak selection of pastries. We tried to leave the hotel for most of the dinner meals as the reviews of the hotel food had been so bad. We did eat at Shimas asian type food at the Westin and it was pretty bad and expensive (entres 27-38 and tea bag for $4.00). This convinced us to leave the hotel for dinners. Most of ourlunches were by the pool and the service and food was usually pretty good and prices were typical for carribean or hawaii. Entres and sandwiches between 11 and 15. Kids meals were $6 and were pretty good. For dinner we would try and leave the resort. We ate twice at La Perilla (or shack #2) at Loquilla beach about 10 minutes away. Itwas by far the best meal and a lot of fun. The people were very nice and great food (entres 17-30). I am a very snobby eater and I would highly recommend this place. We also ate Richies cafe which had a nice view but the food was not very good. One night we ate in San Juan at Dragonfly which was interesting food and fun but the music was a little too loud. Our other meal was in Fajardo at Isemar (sp) A very small fish place which was also pretty good and a lot of fun. You pick your own fish and they cook it for your. We stopped here after the bio bay tour.If you go to Puerto Rico do the Bio Bay tour in Fajardo. We used Las Tortugas tours [----] and our guide was Alvin. We booked on our own and it was 40$ per person (through hotel 75$). It was a lot of fun and highly recommend it. We explored the rain forest and hiked which was great as well. Overall we had a great time in Puerto Rico. The people were nice, great weather (no rain for the entire week), greatbeach and fun things to do. The Westin is not like the Four Seasons but is clean and has a nice pool and grounds. It's biggest weakness is the lack of good food options nearby or on property. San juan is about 40 minutes away and most of the nearby places are not very goodexcept for shack 2 at Loquilla. We were pleasantly surprised by the Westin and would return but do not expect ultra luxury from the hotel.David  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Skywalker05
<Content>Wonderful Long Weekend - Great Hotel! We stayed at the Westin Rio Mar from March 22-25. We chose this hotel because my husband is a Platinum Starwood Member and we wanted a quick long weekend away. We had a great weekend! We upgraded to an Ocean View Jr. Suite with points and everything about the room was excellent! The view was great, the location was great and there was nothing to complain about!After reading some of the previous reviews, we had decided to rent a car. It was much cheaper to rent ahead of time and from the airport. For less than the price of the two of us on the shuttle, we had the car and had access to many neaby restaurants. We tried out Richie's (Great view!! and great service!!) and the Brass Cactus! We also went on a little drive one evening to Walgreens nearby and got some bottled water and munchies. Also, we saved a lot of money by doing our own El Yunque tour for only $6 rather than the expensive hotel tour! So i definitely recommend renting a car and getting out of the resort.In the resort, the beach was great, weather was great, and had no complaints about service. We ate two meals at the resort and would have to share the same feelings as previous reviewers on food reviews. The taste of the food was not that great (in fact, many restaurants outside of the Westin were much better and much cheaper!). But the service was outstanding. One evening, we ate at Shimas, the sushi bar...and becuase I was not in the mood for sushi, the waiter gladly offered to go and get food for me at another restaurant in the resort while my husband had sushi. The service was great and they did everything they could to make our stay great!I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would gladly go there again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deenaclaire
<Content>Okay. Just okay. We booked a package thru Orbitz, and it included a car rental, for which we were grateful. We had not realized how isolated the Westin is; getting back and forth to San Juan is very expensive by taxi, and if the shopping trip jitney doesn't have more than six or eight people booked, it doesn't leave for San Juan. Getting off the hotel grounds required a car.Our room was nice, clean, and well-maintained. The restaurants at Westin were expensive - but I think most hotel restaurants in the Caribbean are expensive as well. Food was edible, except at AquaLuna, where we had some excellent, fresh, grouper. Service was slow at all the restaurants. Staff was always pleasant anywhere in the hotel. Beach and pool areas were fine. Feeding the iguanas was interesting. But if you're not a golfer or a hiker/birder (the rain forest has many wonderful trails), there isn't much to do and, as I said, getting transportation out of the Westin is not easy. On the plus side, it's a very child-friendly place, and they do have a small casino (which we did not find interesting).I think if we go back to Puerto Rico, I'd pick a place closer to San Juan or on one of the smaller isles, like Vieques.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AMess11
<Content>Save your money! My husband and I stayed at the hotel from March 17-21 for our honeymoon. The hotel shuttle kept us along with other passengers waiting 45 mins and then after after leaving the airport went back for other passengers who were taking thier time. The hotel is a good 45 mins away from the airport. When we arrived at the hotel, the gave us a room with two double beds overlooking the parking lot and drop off to the hotel. This is what the hotel considers a mountain view. After another 30 minute wait, we spoke with the manager who initially told us that was all they had and it was a family hotel so king beds were scarce. Uhm ok. Miraculously a room with a king bed was found only overlooking the corner of the parking lot. Every morning starting at 6am we awoke to people walking above us, doors slamming constantly, toilets flushing incessantly, and people from the parking lot shouting. This is EVERY morning. We are from Manhattan so we are used to noise. The hotel looks nice but that is deceptive because it was obviously built on the cheap. Concierge sent a bottle of chardonnay over at dinner but that couldn't and didn't make up for the aggravation. The hotel staff always greeted you with a smile but at $450 a night and the restaurants and drinks pretty expensive, with all the aggravation we will never return to any Westin hotel. And yes, we did ask for another room but they hotel was booked solid.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	2	2	

<Author>Vacation209
<Content>Great family vacation Our family of four (Mom, Dad and two teens) stayed at the Westin Rio Mar for six nights last week. It was our first time in Puerto Rico but not our first to the Caribbean-or to the Westin Caribbean resorts. We are Starwood Preferred members. Our flight landed at San Juan airport at 2:15 pm. We arrived at the hotel at 4pm-after renting a car at the airport. I would highly recommend renting a car as it came in very handy. The resort is in a remote area. Check in was fairly quick although a bit confusing as the clerk did not have the correct dates for our stay. We were shown to our room (a fairly large ocean front room overlooking the pool area/beach). The room was nicely arranged but not recently refurbished. The bed spread was dirty, the TV looked as though it had fallen one too many times but otherwise, I was impressed by the clean floor and room. We asked for fresh bedspreads and were immediately given them. We always had maid service before noon each day. We never heard anyone in the adjoining rooms but could hear noise from the hall.The hotel grounds are beautiful. The pool is a perfect temperature, uncrowded and very clean. We all loved the expansive beach and even liked the water with the waves. We were surprised by the lack of water sports offered at the beach (no parasailing, two jet skis, no banana boats,one sailboat) but not bothered by this at all. There were no vendors who came by while we were on the beach and this was nice. Umbrellas were available for free on a first come/first served basis. We did not have a drop of rain for six days although the rain clouds seem to hang over the rain forest. Be sure to tour the rain forest as it is a great but long hike. La Mina falls are beautiful.My one real problem with this hotel is the lack of food options, lack of food quality and expense. Count on $10 for any drink you order. We ate every morning at the David鈥檚 Cookies in the lobby where we got bagels, muffins and coffee. This was a bit hectic as the women working it were much more interested in talking amongst themselves than helping customers. Every day we ate lunch at Club Coqui beside the pool. It was expensive-about $90 for the four of us- and not very good. What it lacked in quality it made up for in convenience as we all wanted to enjoy the water and pool all day. We ate at the hotel three nights. Marabella鈥檚 was AWFUL. Iguana Pub was good and had the nicest view. We wanted to eat at Pailo but we did not have long pants so we couldn鈥檛. We had nice khaki shorts and nice collared shirts but we were told that shorts could not be worn. I think it is a silly rule for the Caribbean but no big deal. Off the resort, we ate at Antojitos, Brass Cactus and Don Pepes. All were just okay. From the outside, the restaurants all look sketchy, but once inside the food was, for the most part, acceptable. However, we were a little shocked to find a bunch of dogs on the roof of the building next to Don Pepe鈥檚. We wished we had found a nice restaurant but did not see any that fit that bill. Many other guests were complaining of the same problem as well and I feel that this issue is the main downfall for the hotel. The nearby towns of Luquillo and Fajardo are not very exciting and seemed poor and almost deserted to us. We enjoyed our trip but would probably not go back. This resort is very remote and I can鈥檛 imagine being without a car here. The hotel itself is nice but it could be a much more desirable property if the food options were improved.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Cap10 Bob
<Content>Good Time at a Nice place A group of five middle age golfers/fishermen/general tourists, stayed for 4 days in mid-March. We found the hotel to be excellent. Clean, staff very accomodating and registration easy. We did not eat at the hotel restaurants because we wanted to sample the local restaurants and were put off in advance by some negative reviews regarding wait times and expense of the Hotel's restaurants.We also took advantage of the local grocery store for snacks, beer and rum. This enabled us to hang out at the beach/pool in the evening and relax and enjoy the beautiful weather and attractive surroundings. We rented a car at the hotel which was more expensive than if we had arranged it in advance from the airport but we enjoyed getting out to fish/shop and see the Rain Forest. The golfers took advantage of twilight fees at 2:00 and that was a good choice. The Ocean Course has only a single ocean hole. The River Course is more aptly named and a bit more challenging. In summary, we are a low key, low maintenance group who had a terrific time and would recommend this hotel and the people of Puerto Rico highly.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ML333
<Content>Stay Away!!!!! They list 8 restaurants on their website...but most were Not Open (I think that that's a pretty important little detail, don't you?) It is in the middle of Nowhere so you can't easily go out.The room was dirty, They want to charge extra for everything.The beach is very near a river outlet, so the water was somewhat murky, with litter washed-up on the beach....nice.We have been around (a lot) and this was unquestionably the worst hotel experience Ever!!! (and we have stayed in some real flee bags!)  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	2	

<Author>hooplane90
<Content>Great Vacation       View from our room - what's not to like?  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adkhills
<Content>Loved the Westin This was a last minute trip with one parent and three children as my husband could'nt get away. I have to say that everything was wonderful. The food, service, accomodations were all first rate. The kids club is terrific and my kids aged 5, 6 and 7 loved every minute of our trip. They still talk about their friends at the Westin in Puerto Rico. I would highly recommend any parents with young children take this wonderful place into consideration. The bonfires at night with S'mores, the hair braiding and games all made our trip very special.The staff was very friendly and accomodating. I would not recommend doing the San Juan trip as it is pretty boring for little ones, and the rain forest trek can be a bit harrowing at times.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladydi7
<Content>Dirty, a ripoff, never go again My husband and I just got back from the Westin rio mar puerto rico. We chose this hotel because we had stayed at westins before and they were very nice. It was a celebration of 25 years of marriage, so we both wanted it to be very special. When we got there, it looked gorgeous, the lobby was very pretty and the staff seemed nice enough. The water was very inviting, they promised us that our ocean veiw suite would be ready by the time we got there. We didnt arrive until 3pm. It was not ready, we went and had a bite to eat, one hour later went back to the desk and it stillwas not ready. After 2 more hours they finally said that they had a room ready for us. They brought us to a side veiw of the garden and two small beds room, with black stains on the bedspread, urine on the bathroom floor and dirty underwear under the bed.What a horrible dissapointment. 25 years of marriage and they not only gave us the runaround but overcharged us for everything.They tried to make up for it after we contacted the main headquarters by giving us a free diner. A bottled water is $5.00,a beer is $6.00 and just to give ou an example of prices of food,a hamburger is $15.00 and a steak at the grill resteraunt is $53.00. It was overcooked and we could not eat it, a plain pasta was $36.00 they food was not very good at all except for the Italian restaurant. I would not recommend this place to anyone, we played golf, the courses were very pretty but we got stuck behind a fivesome on the back and had to quit after a couple of holes. It costs $150.00 per person per round. The beach was nice and the water was rough but beautiful. I would only go back if they changed their entire management and gave us a free trip,  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hyelor
<Content>If you are looking to stay out of the city....... Our family of 4 (2 adults and 2 young adult kids) stayed here over Christmas break. Overall, it was a great experience. We are accustomed to traveling over popular vacation times, so we went with the understanding that the resort would be crowded, and boy was it crowded! But everyone who worked there did a pretty good job in keeping their cool despite some rude, obnoxious hotel guests. The hotel itself is beautiful and well located, if you are looking for a resort outside of the city. Access by the new superhighway is very easy and can take as little as 30 min., depending on the traffic. And there is a lot of traffic. Rent a car at the airport, as I heard that the hotel's car rental agency ran out of cars.The room was large enough for the 4 of us, and maid service as well as responses to special housekeeping requests were excellent. My husband is a Starwood Platiinum member, so we were lucky enough to stay on points, but we were not surprised that there was no upgrade available, even though they tried. Beware of the minibar- everytning in there, including water, is very expensive! Instead, go to a supermarket and stock up on essentials.All of the staff, in every part of the resort, were extremely polite and very nice to deal with. This goes especially for the concierges, who were helpful with restaurant suggestions and reservations. They have books of menus that you can browse through. We LOVED the Kiosk #2 (I think) in Luquillo, right off the highway. Fabulous food, and the owner/chef described every dish to us with such enthusiasm. On the other hand, stay away from the hotel food if at all possible. Very expensive and mediocre. So many superior options are available very close to the hotel. Do go to David's for morning coffee, and the beach bar for drinks while gazing at the ocean.If you are interested in side trips, the rain forest is a must. We took the hike down to the waterfall and it was worthwhile, but take extreme caution on the pavement as it is extremely slippery, even when wearing sneakers. (I slipped and fell and injured my foot, nothing serious but a nuisance to deal with while on vacation). Another must is kayaking on the bioluminescent bay, a unique experience- take a waterproof camera with a flash (very necessary) to document this awesome phenomenon. We did the rain forest on our own, but booked the kayaking through the concierge, and it was a little pricey but it included round trip transportation with a very nice driver. Old San Juan is a charming city with good restaurants and a lively street scene, an easy drive from the hotel.We stayed 5 nights and could easily have stayed longer. We would definitely return here!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>allison_n
<Content>Great staff- Lousy Location This is a great resort if you have kids and want a place where you don't have to do anything. You can stay here and not have to leave, because there's 8 restaurants, two pools, a huge beach and an abundance of activities. I wouldn't go back though. We found the restaurants overpriced for what you got (a typical evening meal for two of us with a nice bottle of wine and including tip was in the US$200 range), and the service was somewhat spotty. We went to Aqualuna for our anniversary dinner, and while our waiter was great, we felt completely rushed through our meal when our main course showed up while we were still eating our appetizers. Our meal at Palio was good, but we were surrounded by families with tired cranky kids and when we asked to move were told there was no other table available. We didn't like the location of the resort all that much (although that is totally personal preference) because it was a long way from anywhere, and there was really no way to experience the island without paying a huge amount for taxi or taking one of the organized tours. We did book with the concierge for the Old San Juan tour and the El Yunque tour and thoroughly enjoyed both. There was lots of time for just doing your own thing, which we appreciated. We liked the actual resort for places to walk and run, and while we aren't golfers, we talked to a lot of people who said the golfing was great. Evenings were a bit quiet, and we found there wasn't a lot to do if you didn't want to sit and drink in the bar. The beach bar closed at 5:30 which was disappointing because there wasn't a lot happening outside in the evenings. The staff for the most part were friendly and helpful, and the internal shuttle was convenient. Another suggestion - if you're staying in a mountain view room, ask for one that isn't on top of the parking lot/entrance to the hotel. It wasn't that pleasant to sit out on our little deck and have to put up with the noise of cars and shuttle buses coming and going.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>dp2406
<Content>Just returned from 1 week family vacation. Just returned from a week with our 2 daughters, 7  2 yrs.old. Weather was great except the last 2 days (rain). The beach was great, very clean, perfect temp and the kids had so much fun with the gentle waves. you could walk out knee deep forever. beachs were not overcrowded, considering it was presidents week. The pool was fabulous! 31/2 feet almost all the way around with a great kids slide, my daughter went up/down at least 100 times. There is a very small toddler pool near by and a quiet pool too (no kids). the only thing missing was a swim-up bar and some american music as well as the local tunes they begin playing around 3pmish.Our room was on the 2nd floor with ocean/pool view. it was great, at night yu could hear the ocean and the birds and on fri  sat u could see the poolside movies they had for the kids.Food was OK! a bit disappointed by Palio but Aqua Luna was yum. our favorite was room service..haha. The kids club was INCRDIBLE! my 7 yrold. met alot of new friends there and had alot of fun. They also have a night club $10 per.hr. and they did alot of fun stuff too. Very organized with plenty of staff and Safety was always first. We did hire a babysitter one night thru the hotel, her name was Ester and she was great. We did get food poison from a place in old san juan called Mojitos..so DONT GO THERE! my daughter and I did the horseback riding tour, the horses were gentle and clean but the ride was very boring.all in all the kids had a blast and e got to relax a bit.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>jpfitzy7
<Content>Expensive but fun. Just came back from a 4 night stay and after reading reviews I was wary about this hotel. I guess if you pay $800 a night you would have reason to complain. Got a great deal on Hotwire so price for the hotel was not an issue. Rented a car, an absolute must. Got a great rate for the car on Hotwire which basically made the car rental the same price as the hotel shuttle roundtrip for two people. During our stay there were several corporate events going on and lots of people were in the lobby working away on laptops. This was great for us because the pool was always empty. Check in was very easy and the front desk staff couldn't have been nicer. We asked for an received an upgrade to an ocean front room with King bed, very nice. The room was great, clean, no bugs. The only complaint is the paper thin walls. Our neighbors set an alarm for 6 AM and it woke us up as well. The pool and beach were awesome, not very crowded and very clean. Pool bar was nice but got crowded in late afternoon. They do not take cash so you either pay by creditcard or sign to room. Drinks are outrageously expensive. $8.00 for a Corona and $9.00 for a Pina Colada. Only ate dinner at the hotel once, at the Grille Room. Very nice, great service and good food...not worth the $140 for two people. Having a car helped as we were able to leave and go off site for food. Anotojitos is on the road that leads to the Westin and is great. Inexpensive food, excellant service and cheap drinks. Could not believe we were the only people in there. La Parilla was good too. Had to wait over an hour for our food due to crowd but received drinks on the house from our server. Definately check out the BioBay tour. We used las Tortugas Adventures and they were great. A good place to eat there is Colizas, great seafood and steaks. The rain forest is nice, the entrance is near the hotel so if you have a car you can go by yourself. Casino at hotel got very crowded at night and could not even get to the tables. The cookie stand is a great place for breakfast. Watch out for taxes, everything, and I mean everything is taxed with a city tax and island tax, from parking to drinks. All in all a good place, if they cut down on the price of food and drinks it would be outstanding. as for weather, never saw a raincloud.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LarryNY
<Content>Excellent Hotel I Travel extensively throughout the Carribean, and i can recomend this property whole heartledly. The service was 5 star. First rate. You were welcomed by EVERY worker with a friendly greeting. We had issues with the room key and the front desk clerk, actually left her position at the front desk, and walked us to the room to assist in opening the door. now that is service! The pool area is beautiful. the beach, expansive, with soft sand. the rooms are the only rub..they are slightly worn..and of the generic variety..but who spends much time in the room anyway. Yes, food is expensive..breakfast buffet was $100 for 4..for breakfast!! so go to the davids cookies on property instead and get some bagels and muffins and lattes, bring them to the beach, and have a leisurely breakfast for a reasonable price, with your feet in the sand. tip: park in the employee lot across the street from the indoor lot , and get free parking. Overall, a most pleasant experience. try antonjiettes (spelling?) down the road for decent local food, in a friendly atmosphere, with very reasonable prices! and great mojitos! lastly, a rental car a must while staying at this property. enjoy.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jo_Ku
<Content>Great Family Vacation After reading several mixed reviews, I was wary, but overall pleasantly surprised. Rooms: Two double beds were tight for family of four. Would do a larger room next time. Pretty clean, though, and NO BEDBUGS! Pool: Must go reserve chairs early (by 8am), only downside. Otherwise, great pool and beach area. Even when crowded, did not seem overly so.Restaurants: Very expensive, food mediocre, and must reserve very early (before you arrive). Upside of not having to leave property. Great breakfast at Marbella. Palio and Club Coqui were the best meals by far. Shimas was inedible.Excursions: Rain forest great - very important to wear proper footwear such as tevas or keens. The rocks were very slippery. Old San Juan trip a waste unless you're a shopper.Hotel: Personnel were all extremely pleasant and accomodating. The hotel itself was beautiful. The casino, game room  gym were surprisingly small for such a massive place.Would definitely go again!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>playing
<Content>One of our favorite family vacations We loved the Westin Rio Mar! It is a beautiful hotel with great service and a great variety of activities and eateries. We ate in 9 of the 11 restaurants and had delicious food, except for the Grill Room. My son especially enjoyed the poolside snack kiosk with cotton candy, sno cones, ice cream and popcorn. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The concierge was very patient while I changed our plans several times. They were very helpful booking golf, and side trips to El Yunque, Catamaran snorkeling. The quality of these trips was excellent. The pools and beaches were delightful. My only regret is that we missed the trip to Bioluminescent Bay. But we plan on coming back !  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JACAEDHE
<Content>Do Not Waste Your Money!!!!       My husband socks after wlking around the room  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>mmotraveler
<Content>Great but for the food The hotel, pool and beach were great for families. However, the service at the restaurants was horrible! We were lucky if our family of 4 were served our food together so that we could eat at the same time. And the food was expensive, so the service should have been better.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>sprin1
<Content>Great all around upscale family resort I read alot of mostly favorable, And some mixed reviews before my visit to the Rio Mar. Here is my take. The rio mar has 5 star, 4 star, and 3 star aspects. Here is my breakdown: ..... PLANE TRAVEL: 5 stars- Four hour direct flights from N.Y.area with many flight choices on many airlines, no connecting flights to smaller islands (which many on my plane missed because of the ny ice storm) my roundtrip was $240 ...... HOTEL LOCATION AND PROPERTY: 4.5 stars- A 30 min. car ride from the airport, set on beautiful grounds with 2 nice golf courses, lots of tennis courts, Grounds are nicely landscaped. HOTEL STRUCTURE- 4.5 stars- tasteful, rustic, lots of terra cottaearthtones. Lobby is big, simple and beuatifull, not all white and marbleled like a four seasons, reminds me a larger version of the old Dorado Beach lobby ...... ROOMS- 3.5 stars. The rooms are a bit of an enigma to me. fairly small and rustic. BATHROOM was a bit tired looking, rust stains appearing around most fixtures, far from luxurious. BALCONY was great, held a table with 2 chairs. great for having breakfast. BED was awesome, slept better than @ home. MAID SERVICE was there by 10:30 am every morning. ........ POOL- 4 stars- One of the thing I hate most about Vacations is getting up @ 7 am to get a poolside chaise w/ umbrella. The rio mar is no different. get there early for a choice spot. pool is nice, w/ a 4 leaf clover shape, big hot tub, fairly lame water slide for a hotel like this, kids seemed to like it though. seperate adult pool was very nice and fairly quiet..... BEACH-4 Stars- no powdery white or pink sand in Puerto Rico,Just nice soft brownish sand. beach must be a mile long and 50 yards wide, lots of chaises. fairly big waves, lots of fun for adults and kids. Can get a bit rough depending on the wheather. need to comb the beach a little better! .... FOOD- 3 stars- Restaurants are very nice looking, good ambience. Prices are not unreasonable in my opinion(similar to new york restaurants). Food was mostly awfull. stick with fish or pasta. I don't know where they get their beef from, i doubt it's from cow. Even the burgers taste bad. Kids menu was actually good. everything was $6 on it. Aqua Luna had good Seafood, Palio was the best spot, pretty good Pasta. Ate at Shimas Twice(no other choice) it Was just plain bad. Went local twice, Richies(great views) and La Parilla(lots of bugs)both highly recommended from the staff. I found the food to be no better then the hotel food....... SERVICE: 5-Stars- Staff was very Accomodating, never rude. very cheerful. In my opinion 5 star staff abd service, prompt maid service a big plus...... THINGS TO DO:-5 -Stars- every hour they have different activities for those who don't like to sit. Hair braiding for kids, aqua robics, iguana feeding,kids bingo, P.M. bonfire w/ smores making, Poolside kids Movie at night. 2 golf courses, tennis, lots of excursions, they are pricey if you do through hotel(i rented a car(saved alot of money)..... OVERALL- Great family resort, not for a romantic getaway..... VALUE- While not cheap, I feel the hotel is priced right for what you get. P.S.-$70 resort fee is completely obnoxious, but i think most big resorts have this charge, it's a hoaxy charge, all the stuff you think is free is really not(complimentary room coffee,beach towels,shampoo,shuttle service,plus any thing else you think is complimentary is paid for for via the resort fee.) I Will be going back, overall great experience, but manage your expectations. Go for a family vacation, not for the food.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>tosha25italia
<Content>Shady Scene We arrived at 4am and check in took about 20 minutes. First they did not have us arriving until the next day, until we had a paper copy of the confirmation. It seemed like a ploy. We planned the vacation as a romantic getaway weekend, and as such, reserved a king size bed with ocean view. After the long and slow check in process, we were sent to our room and surprised to see 2 double beds. We went back to the desk and were told there were no king size beds left, and we would have to wait until the morning. We went back to our room and realized the ocean view was really a view of the trees and pool with the ocean in the background, hardly an ocean view. The next morning we went to the front desk and were jerked around, told we were still on the waiting list. Later on that day found out that there were 20 % king bed rooms and 80% double. Also that there was no availability. Needless to say we spent the weekend in double beds. This was not a huge thing, but only the beginning of our experience at the Rio Del Mar.  The service in the Marbella Restaurant was awful. We went for breakfast and had to obtain our own menus because we were waiting so long. For lunch, it took 40 minutes for our order to arrive- they were waiting for the pizza to cook. Each day, a new miscellaneous charge appeared on our bill, whether we were double charged for lunch or charged for the mini bar which we did not use. The front desk was condescending if anything, unhelpful and unable to provide the service that most people expect. It was unacceptable. The food in the Grille Room could be compared to Outback Steakhouse but 3 times the cost.  The day BEFORE we were to check out, we received our bill under the door. We had to again go to the front desk who claimed we were checking out that day, but again, provided them with the paper confirmation to show that we were checking out the next day. Later that day, our room key did not work, because even though we had fixed the problem, they did not fix it in the system. As far as the noise, you can hear the people above you moving things around, and if they are using the shower, you will know it. Don't use the shower at the same time as anyone else in the hotel, or you will lose pressure. Overall, the service was terrible, and we felt that we were being scammed each day.I would NEVER return there. If I had to, I would lower my expectations of food or bring my own.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>jdmPA
<Content>Great vacation for the whole family! We recently spent 5 days at the Westin Rio Mar with our 3 young children. Everyone had a fantastic time - the resort is beautiful, the staff was wonderful and the weather was perfect. I was a bit concerned after reading some of the reviews, but all of our expectations were met or exceeded! We would definitely return to this resort for our next vacation.Some specific points:1) The staff throughout the hotel was wonderful, helpful and friendly. Frances and Shelly, the pool activity coordinators were super - my kids loved the hair braiding, iguana feeding, sand castle building and bingo. 2) Food is expensive at the resort restaurants - Davids Cookies is good for breakfast (bagels, muffins, coffee). We rented a car and checked out the local restaurants for dinner (Don Pepe's, La Parilla, Lolittas and Metropol were all very good). There are grocery stores within 10 minutes of the resort. Walmart is 15 minutes away. 3) Driving is very scary, especially during peak times, lots of traffic, motorcycles spliiting lanes, drivers not stopping at intersections, etc. Be very careful!!4) The beach at the resort is beautiful - aqua blue water, soft brown sand, lots of sand dollars and shells. The waves are great for bodysurfing, but the undertow is strong (be careful with small children - there is no lifeguard at the beach)5) Pools are clean, well maintained and the kids enjoyed the waterslide at the activity pool. Food and drink service is available at both pools (drinks are expensive). We had no issues with overcrowding at the pool although toward the end of our week, more people were coming into the resort (for Presidents weekend). All in all it was a great week!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>travelingmds
<Content>Good Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Westin Rio Mar for 3 nights. The hotel is clean and has good service, as expected when you stay at a Westin. We have stayed at plenty of nicer hotels and did expect a little more for the price. We booked a room with one king bed, but the hotel was fully booked and we were put into a room with two full sized beds -- which was a little small for us and not as comfortable as the heavenly beds that I am used to with Westins. The pool and beach area were awesome. The poolside bar had excellent drinks! Overall, the hotel experience was pleasant, and maybe the prices were high since it was during peak tourist season for puerto rico. We checked out other hotels to compare, and the only nicer hotel we saw was the Ritz Carlton in Isla Verde (which is double the price -- $800+ per night). Don't forget to ask for the AAA discount at the Westin :)Puerto Rico was great!must sees: bioluminescent bay (from Fajardo), hike in El Yunque, visit Casa de Bacardi, explore El Morro, walk thru Old San Juan, and eat at Dragonfly (an Asian fusion restaurant in Old San Juan) -- a little pricy but GREAT food! Oh, and definitely have a Pina Colada at Barrachina (where they were invented!!!)  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leehutch
<Content>Beautiful Resort My husband and I just returned from the Westin Rio Mar. We had a wonderful time. The grounds are lovely, and well maintained. Our room on the second floor was fine, overlooking the pools and ocean. I especially enjoyed the beach and swimming in the ocean. The water was a perfect temperature and the waves just right for fun. We rented a car so were able to eat most of our meals off the hotel grounds. We had dinner twice at Richie's cafe which is close to the hotel and has spectacular views. We requested a refrigerator at check which was quickly delivered. This also helped to keep the cost of meals down. We would be happy to return.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Baruntse
<Content>Westin Great for Kids We spent 6 days with our 2.5 year old daughter and had a great time. East wing 5th floor oceanfront, great views of pool area and ocean. Hotel and rooms very clean. Very kid friendly and safe. Ocean waves very strong, great for adult body surfing.Beach sand brownish due to mineral content from the mountains. Some small amout of trash on the beach but overall it was fine. Great day trip take the full day catamaran sail to Icacos island for snorkeling and a awesome white beach with great views. Snorkeling was above average. Crew was very good.Take the rainforest tour from the hotel. Good for the kids.Take the Old San Juan tour from the hotel and explore San Cristobal fort, very fun.Hotel service was very good. You will see various businessconventions at the hotel, so it will be a mix of familes and that.Only issue we had was the cost of the food for the week, very expensive. The Iguana Pub at the country club is your best betfor a decent priced meal.If you are a runner, you can run inside the resort, which is hilly.In either direction the beach runs for miles.I ran outside the resort also. Went out front gate took a right and climbed the hills for a great skyline view of the coast and the rainforest and you can see all the way to San Juan.For kids, they have Iguana feeding and outdoor big screen TV showing movies on some nites. The kiddie pool is great.Casino was ok. Friday nite was very rowdy and not enjoyable.Wed/Thurs was slower and played blackjack for hours.So, the Westin exceeded our expectations except for the cost of dining.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manola
<Content>Surpassed all expectations My mom and I stayed at the Westin Rio Mar from January 21st through January 27th. Everything about the Westin surpassed all our expectations. (1) Room. We had amazing views from our ocean view room. The room itself was very clean and the beds were extremely comfortable. (2) Beach/pool. Both were gorgeous. We preferred the quiet pool to the more crowded one. (3) Service. Employees at the Westin couldn't have been nicer. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. We asked for an early check-in and late check-out and we got both without any issues or hassles. (4) Food. I'd recommend Pallio, the Italian restaurant. It was our favorite. The Grill Room at the golf course was also very good. (5) Weather. The weather during the last week of January was perfect. Sunny and no rain.In summary, we had a wonderful stay at the Westin and plan to go back again next year. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RHS1
<Content>We enjoyed the Westin Rio Mar My husband, 7 year old son and I traveled to the Westin Rio Mar for 4 nts/5 days. When we arrived we had been upgraged to a oceanview room. We had a great time. The staff was friendly and helpful. The pool movies were fun, as well as the iguana feedings. We ate at Marbellas and Shimas and both were o.k., they have a kids menu available at all the restaurants. We took a sidetrip to Luquillo Beach which was fun, there are kiosks with local food and the beach was almost private on the weekday we went.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jp16
<Content>good time as usual I am in Puerto Rico 4-5 times per year and stay at the Westin at least once per year. I have read a lot of reviews on the hotel and perhaps I can shed some light....First of all, the hotel has over 600 rooms so what you read here is a very small sample of opinions, some helpful and some obviously reactionary. I can comment on a few things I have seen. First, the area is plenty safe. I am not sure why people think it is unsafe other than just a simple fear of being around people that are different than you or perhaps a bad experience which you could have anywhere. Second, there is a ton to do in the area. If you couldn't find it you didn't ask because people are very friendly when you show them some respect as oppossed to acting like they are your servants...any of us who have been to any resort know what I am talking about. Anyway, some recommendations for things to do would be renting ATV's or going horseback riding right off the Westin grounds up into the mountains near El Yunque. There is a cool bar at the top of the mountains to hang out and relax in. You can make a short trip to fajardo and go to one of the marina's where you can take catamaran trips that provide you with snorkeling gear and take you out to the reefs off the small islands just east of PR. They provide rum drinks and food and are all included in the price. You can also go deep sea fishing or just take the ferry to Culebra or Vieques at 2.25 per person. The bio-bay's in Fajardo and Vieques are a once in a lifetime must do's. Very Surreal and the tours leave nightly. You can hike in El Yunque, the Caribbean National Rainforest as well. As far as restaurants go there are plenty of good ones off the Westin campus as well. Let me give you a hint though....If you are looking for steak and cheese or a pizza you're better off having it at home. The good food is what people are used to making and in Puerto Rico the seafood is excellent and some local dishes such as Mofongo and Asopao are really awesome. You can go to Don Pepe which serves Mexican and Island food. Hint: you are not in Mexico so what shouldn't you order? La Parilla is a seafood shack in the kiosks, number 2 which has good seafood. If you prefer a restaraunt make a trip to Fajardo and eat at Rosa's or Irbella for fresh off the boat seafood. Don't expect Legal Seafood decor as these places are very rustic, but good and in most cases the food is at least as good as the seafood where I am from(Boston). On the Westin campus the food is expensive and pretty typical of resort food which is good but over-priced. I think the combo leaves some people upset and rightfully so. The Italian restaurant is the best one of the lot at the Westin. The grill room has decent burgers and sandwiches but if that is what you want go off campus to Luquillo to a place called the Brass Cactus. Finally, if swanky dining is what you want go to San Juan where there are many more modern choices. In my opinion Dragon Fly is the best of them in old San Juan. It is an Asian fusion restaurant that blends local ingredients into food with Asian flare. There is a ceviche bar owned by the same person next to it called Aguaviva. Authentic Puerto Rican is best at Ajili Mojili and I happen to like the Asopao at Barrachina which is a great lunch spot in old San Juan with courtyard seating. A couple of things to perpare yourself for:1. The driving on the island is a little scary so be careful. It's best to drive later at night to avoid traffic or mid-day.2. You are on island time down there so the service can be a little slow...embrace it because the reality is you are probably there to unwind and relax from the crazy hectic life you already live.3. Treat people well, especially the bartenders and they will give you the shirt off their backs. All you have to do is read some of the malicious reviews here and you'll understand what they are dealing with.Finally, the Westin isn't perfect. There are other places that offer different things both in PR and on the other islands. But the beach is nice and relaxing, they treat families well and there is a whole island to explore if you so choose. Have fun, I always do.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>FishingdocNewYork
<Content>Not as nice as El Conquistador       The Westin Beach (12 foot waves not shown)  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	4	2	3	

<Author>Tfish
<Content>Very nice resort Very nice resort. Very nice reception and upgraded to a Oceanview King even though I prurchased through Hotwire at $130+. Lovely property, pools and beach area very nice and well maintained. Plenty of lounge chairs and umbrellas.Refreshment service very well done in pool areas. Many restaurants to choose from; typical resort prices. We had a rental car, so were able to go 3/4 mile to the Isamar Bakery where you enter the road to the resort for breakfast. Breakfast sandwiches and coffe was very reasonable. Entrance to the El Yungue rainforest is right outside the resort and is a must see. The restaurnat Aqua Vue was one of our faviourites and best values. Seafood dinner is app $100 including tip for two. Would definitely stay ther agin at $130+.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>njr
<Content>Westin Rio Mar - Average at Best My husband and I recently returned from a 1 week stay at Westin Rio Mar. My husband had a 4 day conference and we stayed on for 3 vacation days. Because it was for a conference, we didn't have a choice in staying there. Based on reviews here, the location and the amenities offered, I honestly would not have selected this resort and after a 1 week stay, I would not recommend this resort to others.First things first, many people have stated and people still seem to be surprised so I will repeat it, the resort is a 30 minute drive from San Juan and it can take up to 1 hour if there is traffic. If you don't rent a car, you will be stuck at the resort and subject to poor service and average, overpriced food. The positives:- I found the concierge helpful, particularly with off-site restaurant recommendations, the common areas of the resort are nice and I enjoyed the quiet pool. The gym has decent equipment and the preplaced towel and water bottle at each machine is a nice touch. Staff in the gym and spa were helpful and attentive. I had a swedish massage and thought it was great. While I wasn't particularly impressed with the beach, others in our group did enjoy it. It was particularly windy while we were there and the red flags, indicating rough/dangerous water, were up most of the time. The negatives- maybe I haven't noticed this at other resorts- but the $39/day resort service fee seemed a bit steep, particularly when you still have to pay for golf, tennis, spa treatments and excursions as well as the $30 room tax . We did not have a problem getting reservations the 2 times we ate dinner at Palio's and Aqualuna. We thought the food was average and the pricing was okay at these restaurants. Service was slow and not particulary attentive. Service was particulary bad/slow/inattentive and I did have a problem with food quality, selection and pricing at Marbella and Club Coqui. Marbella's is the restaurant that serves breakfast and the staff really push the buffet, which I found to be average. The a la carte menu has a decent selection of standard breakfast items- but seriously, $6.00 for a small bowl of oatmeal?? $4.00 for 1 Dannon yogurt?? $5.50 for a bowl of Cornflakes?? We had to repeatedly ask for drinks It was not unusual to wait at least an hour for our food to be served after we had ordered at Coqui or by the pool. I was willing to overlook the negatives listed above, until the real negative emerged. The one that still grosses me out and was the absolute deal breaker for me is that there are in fact bed bugs. I had read about this in advance, but did not believe until several people in our group had to be moved to other rooms and the hotel began to exterminate. Unfortunately, on the last morning of our trip, my husband and I both woke up covered in bites. I've never had this happenTwo years ago, I stayed at the Wyndham El Conquistador, which is about 20 minutes further on Rt.3. It was it's drawbacks- it's huge, requires a funicular to get to different areas of the resort and the beach is a ferry ride away, but I wouldrecommend the El Conquistador over the Westin for sure.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	3	2	3	

<Author>reddyn
<Content>expensive and not so safe. We just came back from a conference in PR. Many people stayed at the hotel, some at the Villas which are considered separate from the hotel. The Westin is pretty standard, what would you would expect. There were some general complaints from the attendees I thought I would relate. First, there is a daily $40.00 resort fee that is tacked on to the hotel rate, which most people thought was little high. They charged $10.00 for a Pina Colada. Compared to the rest of the island, this is very expensive. A glass of Orange juice cost $5.50. Interestingly, despite charging a resort fee, there are signs stating swim in the ocean at your own risk. There was a lifeguard stationed at the beach daily but clearly was just there for show. I know this because, I experienced a near-drowing incident while there. I'm a fairly strong swimmer but got caught in the waves; I yelled for help repeatedly but the lifeguard was too busy staring at the sand, and was not sitting in the designated lifeguard chair; elevated , he might have noticed my distress. Fortunately, I managed to get to the shore but my situation could have ended badly. I told the manager about the incident, but the days following, I noticed that the lifeguards showed little interest in watching the water. Comparatively the Ocean villas were much nicer and with the availability of te kitchen, I thought was a much better deal. The rates for these are as quoted and no hidden charges upon checking out. Unfortunately, this resort is very far from town and the airport ($60.00 to airport, $80.00 one way to town). We went to Old San Juan our last night, and realized it would have been nicer to be near Old San Juan with the multitude of restaurants, shops and cafes; very quaint. If you stay on the resort, you have little choice but to pay the exorbitant prices without a great deal of luxury which makes this hotel in my opinion overrated.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	1	3	2	3	3	

<Author>elbowdoc
<Content>loved our villa we booked directly with the owner which did make me a little nervous. Thankfully, he and his wife were at the villa to greet us. That showed their concern and allowed me to impress on oour kids that we were staying in someone's home. The condo was 2 BR, 3 BA, and over 2000 sq ft. The air conditioners worked well. We ate breakfast on the porch each morning and ate dinner in the villa 3x. We used the beach club pool. We also used the Westin pool which did not seem to a problem. I did not feel guilty since I was attending a meeting there. The location is perfect. The rio mar beach is beautful (despite what others have written). Yes the sand is brown, but it is very soft and the waves are perfect for kids. El Yunque is very near and we wnet there 2 days and swan in waterfalls. We also were able to go do a day sail. As others have written, the westin marks them up for use of their shutttle. A day sail was $95 through the westin but $69 if you book it yourself ( and I found a 10% off coupon!)We had a great experience. We may have been lucky as there are a lot of villas, but we were some of the few people there 1/7-1/14/07. We loved the villa, the location, the activities, and the weather.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	4	

<Author>travelbugs5
<Content>A Happy New Year at the Rio Mar I have to preface this review by saying I might be a bit more critical had I been paying $800 per night for my room! As it was we paid half that for one day (coupon) and the other nights were on Starwood points, so we didn't have too much to complain about from the get go. The Westin Rio Mar is set on a beautiful beach northeast of San Juan. The property is lovely, and the landscape is beautiful. I never grew tired of looking at a lagoon pool with palm trees and a stretch of beach in the background! The staff was friendly, and efficiency kind of depended on the luck of the draw. I agree Caribbean time is very laaaaaaaaiiiiddddddd baaaaaccccckkkkkk! If you're in a hurry, go to a large bustling city. We wanted to leave that behind so the big slowdown was not a problem. Our worst service was at a local restaurant that was highly recommended on this website (La Parilla). We waited over an hour for our food! But I have to say, it was worth the wait...more flavorful and a much better value than anything we ate at the hotel. You really must rent a car if you go to this property. It made all the difference for us. For one thing, it sounds like (and was the case for us) most of the restaurants go on some kind of hiatus throughout the year. There were a mere 5 restaurants open during the busy New Year's week. That's out of 12! Oh, but David's Cookies was a lifesaver, with bagels in the morning and ice cream at night....I would imagine that's a staple there, and doesn't close seasonally. We ate at Shimas. It was pretty good. I would say our sushi at home is much better but they had a dessert that was the best thing we ate in Puerto Rico....a banana crepe with vanilla/macadamia nut ice cream. Maybe skip the sushi, get their entree, and GET DESSERT THERE! Marbella is a restaurant right off the lobby serving your basic family fare. A salad was $14 to $16 and sparse to say the least. As you might expect from a resort hotel, you will pay up on food and drinks. Tropical drinks poolside are $9 so plan ahead to pay up because they are frozen and fabulous and you can order from your chaise on the beach, at the pool or in the hot tub. It's quite the treat! The Club Coqui, the restaurant that's poolside was a huge ripoff. We paid $82 for lunch there one day for the five of us...and not for any feast, either! The trouble is, there aren't a lot of options for lunch and we wanted to stay on the grounds. So in a sense, they've gotcha! Definitely hit the bakery at the corner of Rt. 3 where you turn in for the resort. They have great sandwiches and are super friendly there. Wish we had discovered that earlier in the trip. Seeing the rainforest on our own was great. It's very close to the resort. I don't think I would have wanted to pay the hotel tour fee times five. We did fine on our own and hiked to the waterfall--gorgeous. The path was clearly marked. It WAS NOT muggy and buggy like I'd imagined, but cool and comfy. But wear gym shoes! Leave plenty of time for Old San Juan. We cut it too close to our return flight, ran into traffic, and had a hard time parking, which was disappointing because it looked really fun. Plan a half day at least for Old San Juan. But the thing is, you'll find it hard to leave this nice resort. We loved the climate, too, where you never broke a sweat, but were always comfy and warm. Shade was plentiful so staying outside all day between the pool and beach was no problem. The lounge chairs at the quiet pool are especially nice and if you have a great book, you may never want to leave!One funny thing...I was disappointed that our ocean front view (which is extra $$ as well as higher points) was blocked by a huge palm tree. We decided to live with it, but the third day they trimmed all of the palm trees and our view improved 100%. You'd think we had requested that! It was like night and day and the latter part of the week we felt we had the best view in the place.We really enjoyed our stay. No, this Westin wasn't a perfectly oiled machine like some we've stayed at. We travel a lot, but critique our vacations by how much fun we have as a family. We were so happy to be away and in a warm climate that I think nothing bothered us too much. We had a blast. I recommend it for pure relaxation and family time.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>BaltoBalto
<Content>Great hotel on a great trip My husband and I went to Puerto Rico with my brother and his girlfriend in August 2006. We LOVED it. We are all avid travelers and have quite a few data points to compare with. The service at this hotel was incredible, even during the first half of our stay when they were hosting a business convention and the hotel was clearly fully booked. The man who checked us in at the front desk was exceptionally helpful, ensuring that we got rooms close to each other and upgrading us to ocean view rooms. Another person who stood out was one of the concierges, who spent quite some time going over the area's attractions with us. The restaurant and housekeeping staff were also very helpful.The hotel itself is quite nice too (rooms, golf course and restaurants) and the beach is absolutely wonderful. It's also in a pretty good location (with a car) for excursions to Fajardo (where we did a lot of diving out of) and is right outside the El Yunque forest. We had a great time and would definitely go back to the Westin.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mdvacationer007
<Content>Great Time!!! Wow.. after reading some of the reviews, I wondered if some of them were for the same Westin, we stayed. We had a great time. Our room was great - had a nice ocean view from balcony. House keeping was excellent - we actually tipped our house keeper. The staff could not have been more helpful. The gym adjacent to the spa was well kept... bottled water and towel on each piece of equipment . Equipment was state of the art with TV and head phones on each and no charge to use facilities. Spa treatments were top notch... massages, manicures, and pedicures. Beach was great... we sat out on the West beach entrance area - it was very peaceful and uncrowded. My husband enjoyed the waves for body surfing. Service on the beach was great as well. Casino was alot of fun... dealers were helpful with the rookie gamblers. Great food and drinks... fresh!! My husband and I traveled with our 2 daughters age 21 and 22. They enjoyed it as well. We would defintely go back. From the other reviews.. it appears that Christmas week is not the week to go... probably too many guest and not enough staff. We are planning to return next year for the same week... Relaxing after the holiday rush and a great way to start off the new year.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>californiamom
<Content>Okay, but probably not returning any day soon       More iguanas  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	4	4	

<Author>travelingkatie
<Content>Beware! Beware! Beware! - Any seasoned traveler will hate it (Some context - my family and I travel a lot - 30+ countries - all 50 US states. We stay in high end as well as budget accommodations and measure a great stay based upon the quality and delight of the overall experience relative to what is advertised/how expectations are set) This is NO 4-5 star property and it is a crime that Westin is charging what they do. A tired facility that looks to be 30 years old (rather than 10), a staff that is both non-responsive, uninterested, and seem to suffer from low employee morale, a general absence of management oversight, and a series of unfulfilled promises made our stay at the Westin Rio Mar one of the worst we've ever had. Our list of disappointments were long: On the staff - the best way to describe it is that generally the first answer is no or to ignore whatever requested might be made- towels to the room, a glass of water at the table, dinner reservations, whatever. The management layer is slightly better, but employee training and morale seems very low. as examples - 3 calls to the front desk from the states to confirm room types, our reservation was botched when we arrived. The front desk had one person working at it with 5 in the backroom ignoring the long check in line. Our fix on our room was easy to do - the hotel had plenty of open rooms, but it required getting a manager. When we got in our room, the bathrooms hadn't been cleaned, the shower had mold in it, and there were dead flowers in the vases. We had no towels, robes, etc. Two calls to the front desk to request towels went unfulfilled. This was all in the first 2 hours of arrival. The remainder of the 5 day stay was more of the same. Calls for room service, mini bar keys, water, working Internet, whatever, pretty much required 2 or 3 calls. These were not additive requests, but things that were supposed to be there in the first place. The facilities were banged up, rugs were stained and dirty, walls had scuffs and dents from carts and use. Westin advertises tons of activities and facilities, but many of them seem to be old, retired, or missing. One of the pool bars is closed down, some of the play equipment was missing - none of the staff could locate. Several of the restaurants are closed as well. At dinner an arm fell off of the chair I was sitting in - instead of being surprised the waiter said he knew it was broken and just switched the chair to another table. Our list goes on and on, but the picture should be clear. If this was priced as a modest 3 star hotel, it could have been a delightful bargain where all of the mishaps and grunge could have been ignored. If you want to run with the four and five star hotels, however, then you better have it together. WESTIN RIO MAR IS A HAS-BEEN HOTEL  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamanooch
<Content>Westin RIo Mar Golf Villa       Golf Villa at Westin Rio Mar  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>jerseygirl_TRIP
<Content>They must pay for their 4-5 star rating - This is NOT a high service hotel After reading the many reviews and being familiar with Westin properties we ventured to think for the price we were paying ($800/night) we would be staying at a high quality hotel away from the hustle and bustle of San Juan. Boy were we wrong. Customer service is an area that requires much improvement. We booked our dinner reservations in advance and reconfirmed on the day of our arrival. We showed up at the Grill Room for dinner to be told we did not have a reservation and they could not help me. I requested they call the reservation system, which again confirmed I had a reservation. The snotty hostess still told me I dd not have a reservation even after their own folks confirmed it. This issue was not resolved until the manager stepped in. The management here must be very limited with towels, toilet paper and soap. We needed to call each evening for towels for the four of us in the room. As we had no plans to share the two towels provided amongest us. Toilet paper rolls with a few pices were left on the roll and not replaced. There was one day we needed to call to remind them to clean our room at 4:30pm!!!The crowning blow to this very poor customer service orientated hotel was on our return to the airport the driver never bothered to tell us we needed to clear US Agriculture scanning before waiting in the airline check in. This mistake added another half hour to our wait at the airport.Based on this experience I am very leary of any hotel ratings...I will rely more on the customer inputs like this because they live the nightmares and probably stay clear of Westins in the future.I  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	4	3	3	1	2	

<Author>lauramg119
<Content>Don't waste your time and money Take every bad thing you've read on here about this hotel and put it all together and that would equal the week I just spent at the Westin Rio Mar with my family. Yes we had read the reviews, but because the hotel was free (we were orginally staying at the Hyatt but because it's being renovated they paid for us to stay here, we should have just stayed home) we decided to go through with it. Bad idea. The beach /pool is nice and well kept, as well as the rooms. However, 4 of 7 days we didn't have maid service before 5pm and had to call for it. I understand that this was their busiest week of the year, but it's not like it's the first time it's been the busiest week of the year. We had called in advance for Christmas Eve and Christmas dinner reservations, not being told that we needed to book for the rest of the week, we were out of luck at eating at the resort because everything was booked. We were sent to Don Pepe's one night...DONT GO. Not only was the service and food awful, the place is a dump, and to top it off we were attacked by dogs and ally cats on the way out.The hotel staff while at first seems helpful, they will stop mid conversation and begin to go do something else before finishing up with you. The weather last week wasn't great, which is obviously not anything that can be controlled, but I believe because of where it is on the island that is why we experienced so much rain. We met a young man on the plane on the way home who had actually stayed at the Hyatt Villas and said they had 1 hour of rain the whole week,I've traveled all over Europe, the Carribean, and the US and this is the one place I can say I will NEVER return. The hotel is not the equivalent of many Westins I have stayed in, mediocre at best. Please feel free to contact me if you'd like specific questions answered before booking this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	2	2	2	

<Author>walterbme
<Content>lied too the whole trip first arrived on 12/27/06. was put over the matientenance garage with absolutely no view. i booked 2 oceanfront rooms. was told not to unpack they would move us in the morning, that they were overbooked and sorry. would fix the propblem and move us next day. went back next day only to be told the rooms werent ready untill 3:00 pm we would have our rooms then. at that time we went back to front dest to be moved and was told we did not have oceanfront but oceanview rooms booked. we fought with them showing them the confirmation stating oceanfront and we didn't appreciated being called liers. the only ones that had been lieying was them. went back to room and called orbitz they said they had confirmation from hotel for oceanfront. and called while we were on the phone with them. the manager would not come to the phone for orbitz.. this is our third night over the maintenance garage and my whole trip thus far has been ruined with fighting with hotel to be moved from the basement watching the work trucks park next to our room. i have 7 more nights here and am miserable. would not come back here if thet paid me too. this if fraudulent. i paid for 2 expensive rooms and here i set watching the work trucks, we are not the only people here trying to get the rooms we paid for.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>vs12
<Content>Excellent Place - Plan Well and You'll Enjoy! We paid extra for an Ocean View room and made sure we got it. The first one that they gave us was on the 4th floor and all we could see was Palm trees. The next one was on the 5th and only a little better. We wouldn't give up and they finally put us on the 7th floor in the dead-center, perhaps the best ocean view you can get. Room was nice and clean but not as classy as the rest of the resort. The Asian Bistro at this resort is a bit pricey but has awesome food. The breakfast buffet is very average (considering we paid for it and we've had way better ones in all-inclusive resorts). Renting a car is an absolute must is you plan to get out of the resort at all. Valet parking is $20 a day and there's an Avis at the hotel but we rented at the airport. Rain forest and Old San Juan are a must. Keep driving on 3 West and about 5 mins past the resort, there are some eating Kiosks (Luqillo) on the other side of the highway. Drive further and it keeps getting very scenic. Casino is very small and has a couple of Blackjack tables that close at 1:45 am. Would do this again!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>jasonnnn
<Content>Beautiful Location: Average Foood This Hotel is nestled in 500 acres of Prestine Beach and Rainforest. Aside from the large destruction of rainforest to build the two golf courses, I really loved the location of this Hotel.  Westin, who runs the Hotel was average at best. The dinner restaurants at the hotel were seriously overpriced and the food was average at best. I don't mind paying for food so long as the food tastes good and is fresh. Anyway, we ate at some of the local restaurants in the area, and they were great and a quarter the price, lolitas and don pepe's both served fresh and authentic food. This Hotel charges you for everthing, breakfast not included, if you want internet, if you lose towels, parking, 165 for golf (not that i played), 185 for snorkeling, rent a boat, nothing given for free at this hotel, if you look at them the wrong way they may put it on your room bill. The rooms were nice, but the bed sheets were rough like the management used too much clorex when washing the sheets. Otherwise, the bed was average, bathroom was nice and large, shower had good water pressure, air conditioning was fine.  All in all, I did have an excellent RELAXIng time.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>islandbreeze62
<Content>A Different Experience       beach at sunset  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smrnj
<Content>Very Nice Stay I just returned from a 3 night stay and had a great time. Every member of the staff that we encountered was extremely friendly and helpful, particularly the concierge desk and the chambermaids. The beach is nice, but there are a limited number of umbrellas, so if shade is important to you, you should claim one early. I had dinner at the Grille Room, which was excellent and worth the money. I also had dinner at Shimas which i thought was overpriced and the portions small. The food, at least, was good. I was upgraded to a junior suite, which was big and clean, but overlooked the roof and was next to the elevator. Despite, continuous efforts, I was unable to get a room change during my stay. They claimed that only 20% of the rooms have a king bed, which was why they were unable to find me another room. The location is great, nice and secluded. Renting a car was a breeze from the airport and the drive to the hotel was no problem. I would strongly consider returning. Pros: Friendly Staff, Good Food, clean property/rooms, plenty of activities (water sports, basketball, casino, spa, gym, etc), secludedCons: Hard to get a room change, limited cabanas/umbrellas on the beach, steam room did not work during stay  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>butter
<Content>Just back from the Westin Rio Mar.... We just got back from a long weekend at the Westin Rio Mar. There had been some mixed reviews here, so I was ready to see for myself. Overall we had a great time. I'll caveat that by saying we got upgraded to a huge suite, which of course made the trip even better. Not sure how big the standard rooms are. The staff who checked us in did a great job and were very nice. The staff at the poolside were not as good, and one time I placed a beverage order which never showed up so I went to the poolside bar myself to get it. It wasn't a big deal, but that's not great service. There are 2 pools + a kiddy pool. The first day we sat at the adult quiet pool but then the other days we sat by the activity pool. Even though we liked the quiet of the adult pool, the activity pool got more sun. We had no problem getting seats by the pool. In terms of food, our package included breakfast, which is served buffet style and had made-to-order omelets as well as many other selections. The hotel restaurants are average for dinner. Expensive and mediocre (but not terrible) food. We ate at The Grille Room, Palio and Shimas and I'd say you can skip Shimas. We also ate one night off campus at Don Pepe, a local restaurant recommended by the concierge, and it was terrific! Go there! We enjoyed the spa. They were always running late, but you atill got the full-time of your service.We didn't bring our kids, but it seems to be a very kid-friendly place.... it was packed with families. The casino is small but on a busy night, it did open up some additional blackjack tables. We chose the Westin over the Ritz Carlton mostly because the Ritz Carlton rooms do not all have balconies, and I love to read outside on the balcony in the AM while my husband sleeps late. I ddin't price out the Ritz this time, but my guess is that the Westin is also more reasonably priced. There is the downside of it being further from the airport, but that only took about 45 minutes and I don't feel like I lost out on so much time because of it.Overall, I would go back again, especially if with my kids.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>IslandBoy1
<Content>Westin Rio Mar Dec, 2006 Stayed with a group at the Westin for a few days. The property is a little older compared to other resorts and the room are nice but not great. Both pools are nice and the beach is welcoming. We had red flags up during our whole stay and the lifeguards were not allowing people to swim. No watersports either due to the high winds. The poolside bar is very small and the drinks are VERY expensive ($10 each for mixed, $5 for 10oz beers). Lunch options at the Coqui outside restaurant are very limited, nicer inside at Marbella. AquaLuna was very nice for dinner and Palio was OK. Overall the food was expensive and so-so. Unfortunately, due to it's somewhat remote location, there are few options outside the hotel for meals unless you want to go into San Juan ($90 one way by cab). La Parilla restuarant was reported to be very good by others in our group and is only about 10 minutes away. Overall, an OK place but it would not be a place I would likely return considering other better options available.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	4	4	1	

<Author>ob3
<Content>just got back just got back from a 4 day stay. My husband won the trip thru work so the price was right. Our room was 6131 which overlooked the roof so stay away from this area of the hotel when booking your rooms. The resort was very nice and the staff was friendly. The beach honeslty wasnt that great but the ocean was nice and the pool area was great. Food was not overly expensive but drinks were very costly. There is a Davids cookies onsite were you can get a ice cream,cookies muffins at a very good price.All in all is was a nice place but I was glad I didn't pay for it. Don't know if I would go back might try someplace else.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Who'sBetterThanUs
<Content>Muy Bueno My fiance and I recently returned from a wedding hosted at the Rio Mar. I hadn't done any research on the hotel prior because we had no choice in the matter, but I am pleased to say that our four-day stay was very pleasant. The resort is a well-rounded hotel which tends to cater well to large groups (corporate events, weddings, etc.). The property is nice and the food very good. The drinks are on the steep side ($9.50 pina coladas  $7 beers), but the staff is very friendly...some of the nicest people I've met. The sand is the softest I've ever touched and the views are wonderful from all angles. I would probably stay at another hotel next time just to get a different experience, but wouldn't be disappointed to return to the Rio Mar.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>matthew1
<Content>Absolutely WORTH the Money! I had been doing research on this hotel for a few months and had been going back and forth between this property and the Paradisus--wasn't sure if I should go all inclusive or a la carte. I made the RIGHT decision. Reading some of the reviews on here for the Westin, I was kind of worried. Many of them were negative and I cannot understand why. The Westin was gorgeous. The food was amazing. The room was clean--no bugs, dirt, etc. The grounds were well-kept, the concierge was more personable than any other I have come in contact with. They went out of there way EVERYTIME my boyfriend and I approached. Coming into the front entrance, I was asked by the bellhop on more than one occasion if I needed water or something else to drink---it was awesome!!!!! The beach was great---the people just sooo nic--not snobby at all! The only issue we had was the weather--not in the Westin's control at all. Even with the rainy weather we had, the concierge was able to recommend an alternative to the snorkeling trip we had and we ended up having a fabulous time with the old san juan tour. Ed is great tour guide! The restaurants were great! Yes, they are expensive, but we expected it since we did our research--I really think it's funny that people complain a lot about costs--the website has all their menus on it, along with prices--so if you are reading this review right now, you obviously have access to a computer---DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFOREHAND!! Number 1 rule of travel :) If you don't want to pay a lot of money for great meals, then stay somewhere cheaper. The people are very nice and the cabs are great. We did eat at Don Pepe our last night and the portions are huge! Very good food. Marbella was awesome--exactly what you would expect. Grille room--gorgeous, great steak, Palio--very good risotto and dessert! We ate at Shimas--good food--nothing stellar but worth the money. Definitely go with the appetizers/sushio vs. the lo mein (not worth the $20) Check-in was quick, check-out even quicker. DEFINITELY WOULD GO AGAIN!!!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tamita99
<Content>Good Hotel Is a good big hotel, very clean and the employees are friendly. Have a beach but I don't like it because in other parts of the Island we have better. I like the pools, they have one for families that have a water slide and two others for adults that want quiet time. Have two golf courses, tennis courts, gym, spa, pubs, good restaurants specially the japanese restaurant. The only thing I don麓t like is the location. This Hotel is in Rio Grande, very far from San Juan. The only recreation is a visit to El Yunque Tropical Forest. If you are the kind of person that like麓s partying, this is not you麓re hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>wromig
<Content>Overall - Very Nice My wife and I returned from a week's stay at the Westin. First of all, we found the grounds and the pool area to be beautiful. We enjoyed having an adults only pool and the ocean was wonderful. Our room was clean and very nice. We have been to many different resorts in the Caribbean and this is certainly one of the nicest. For the most part, the staff is courteous and pleasant. We found the bartenders at the Tiki Bar, the wait staff in all of the restaurants and the maids to be polite and friendly. Ivan and Victor at the Tiki Bar were terrific to us. We found the Assistant Restaurant Manager, who was from Sardinia (I feel badly that I cannot remember his name but the Westin should give him a raise and make sure he does not leave), to be absolutely wonderful and professional. Our only real issues were with the front desk and the concierges which were not up to par for a hotel of this size. When we checked in, we inquired about getting a room on a higher floor and she began searching on the computer for one. In the meantime, she asked us if we would like copies made of our transfer vouchers. I said yes and she took off to make the copies. 15 minutes later she returned while a line developed behind us. Her only comment was that the delay was because my wife asked for a higher room. We were both steamed over that incident. Next, we went to the concierge desk to sign up for tours. Please note if they do not get enough people, you do not get to go, although you have to hang around to find out if the tours will be cancelled or not. Two of ours were and on another one the wrong date was written down. In the future, I think it is best to rent a car although the fee for parking the car at the resort is exhorbitant. I do not even have enough time to go through the aggravation that my wife was put through to buy post card stamps. Some advice to the hotel would be sell post card stamps in the gift shop where you sell the cards. Also, do not have a policy for some parts of the hotel where you are forbidden to pay cash (the Tiki Bar for example) and other parts of the hotel (the concierge desk) where you have to pay cash for items like post card stamps. It's stupid things like that which keep this from being just an outstanding hotel. As for the restaurants, they are certainly resort high. We found the Grill Room to be a rip-off. My $40 steak was good but not great, and my wife's salmon was horrible for $28. On the other hand, we found Palio to be wonderful and the Japanese restaurant (which is not open all that often) to be good. We enjoyed eating off-site at nearby Don Pepe's where the food was good and the staff wonderful. A $14 shuttle from the hotel gets you there but it's worth it. Even though we did not get to eat there, we heard from others that the food at the restaurant at the main turnoff to the hotel from Rte. 3 was also very good. El Yunque was fun, I loved swimming in the waterfall and our guide was terrific. Old San Juan (we rented a car for the day from Avis at the hotel) was special to see also. I hate to be so negative about some things because overall we loved the hotel and would certainly come back, but we would rent a car and avoid the concierge desk at all costs.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	1	5	4	

<Author>KH8th
<Content>the good and the bad Heed the reviews of others to get a feeling for what to expect at the Westin. Overall, it was 'average', and we likely would not return. We are both serious golfers and booked the 'unlimited golf package' because of the two highly rated courses on the property. This pkg. included breakfast daily, no other meals. We did not rent a car, so stayed within the property. FYI..If you have a rental car you will have to pay $15/day to self-park, or $20/day for valet parking. Beware that many of the 12 restaurants are closed, so choices are limited. Food is more expensive than expected even for a resort property. Make dinner reservations as soon as you arrive and scope out what is or will be open during your stay. I recommend the Iguana Pub at the golf course for lunch and dinner, more reasonably priced and good choices available.The people/ employees are very nice, and service was good, which made it a more pleasant experience. the grounds are impeccably clean and well maintained. Beach was beautiful, sandy and warm, no rocks, easy to enjoy. Rooms were clean and neat. We booked an 'ocean view' room and were given a room with the tiniest balcony.Golf course catered to members and not resort guests. The nicer of the two courses, The Ocean, we were only allowed to play on twice. You may be disappointed that on the ocean course you will only be near the ocean very briefly on hole #16. Blink and you will miss it. River course was nice, runs along a noisy highway, but still a challenge.Hotel seems to be primarily focused on convention business and professional meetings. Pool area was closed off at certain times for their private receptions. On a good note, they smartly have a quiet pool and another pool for children and families.Management is interested in feedback and held a small cocktail reception one evening asking guests what they liked and disliked about the stay.Overall, for a Westin property I was expecting it to be a notch up from what we experienced. Go and enjoy but be aware of the drawbacks. Also, allow time to straighten out your bill on day of departure.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>WillieC
<Content>Very Nice Hotel in Great Location We spent one night pre-cruise at the Westin Rio Mar. We rented a car from Hertz at the San Juan airport and drove to the Westin. Here is a tip: the Hertz trip computers at the desk will route you to the Westin via Route 23 (I think that is it), but Route 66 is MUCH faster. 23 is a busy street with stop light on almost every corner while 66 appears to be just recently opened and is more of a freeway with at least one toll booth ($1.50). However using 66 will save you at least 15-20 minutes I think. If using Hertz ask the front desk people about 66 - if you don鈥檛 they just wave you over to the computer terminal to print out the map. Other companies may tell you about 66 on their maps.Back to the hotel. I am surprised by some of the negative reviews posted here. We found the hotel to be quite nice, with beautiful grounds, great pools and hot tubs, and a very, very nice beach. The public areas were extremely nice and our room was large and roomy and of course had the Westin Heavenly Bed. The bathroom was large, there was adequate closet and storage space, an in room safe, and coffee and tea equipment and supplies. The room was spotless in every respect. Every staff member we dealt with was polite and helpful. As we wanted to visit El Yunque (just a few minutes away) the morning before we checked out to return to San Juan to board our cruise ship I enquired about a later check out time than the normal noon. They gladly extended the check out time to 3 pm which was ideal for us, giving us time to shower and clean up before returning to San Juan. That was very generous of them.We did not eat in any of the dining areas but did use the David Cookies for bagels and cream cheese in the morning. Things at David were priced reasonably. The posted menus at the various dining venues indicated that the prices were typical for a big hotel/resort. We had dinner at a small local place just outside the gate down the road before reaching the main highway. The food was excellent, the owner was extremely friendly and the prices were reasonable. This was Antojitos Puertorrique帽osCarr. 968 #160, Bo. Las ColesRio Grande, PR 00745 (787) 888-7378Puerto Rican FoodWe visited El Yunque the morning prior to returning to San Juan and it was extremely interesting. There are several places where one can hike into the forest and see waterfalls, the trees, etc, or one can just drive around, pulling off at vista points here and there. Either way it is well worth seeing. One hint 鈥?get there early. Since we were staying close we were there before 9am. Before we left (about noon) the place was packed with tour busses, probably from San Juan and cruise ships. We returned to the Westin, showered, packed, checked out and returned to San Juan to turn in the car and board the cruise ship. Here is another big hint. We reserved the car for airport pickup and downtown San Juan return to the Hertz office. We had a difficult and frustrating time finding the downtown office, and since we drove right past the airport to get downtown it seemed that maybe an airport turn in would have been better. However, unless Hertz offers courtesy shuttles from the airport to the docks then a cab ride would have been needed. The downtown office did provide free transfers to the cruise dock.Overall we would rate the Westin Rio Mar highly and would stay there again. We found it to be much more relaxing than staying in San Juan and being able to see El Yunque easily was a real plus. One thing to note is that the parking is not included and the rate is $15 a day for self parking - a bit of a rip but not much you can do about it.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>DestinationGirl
<Content>Tacky And Forced All Inclusive Hell This hotel is for people that like over air conditioned all inclusive resorts that look like cruise ships that don't float. Not only are the food and the rooms overpriced and underwhelming -- they cater to every bad American traveler stereotype. This hotel is the equivalent to fast food: generic with mediocre service. And worst of all, they place the resort 30 miles from San Juan so unless you have a car you are basically serving out a jail term at the resort. HAVE FUN!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Byron'sGirl
<Content>Loved it!!! After reading some of the more recent reviews, we really wondered what to expect from this hotel. We were very pleasantly surprised.The property was beautifully landscaped and sat on a very nice beach. The room was clean and comfortable. We cannot imagine someone complaining about bed bugs here! There were noseeums around the pool in the evening, and we wondered if the traveller got bit by those, and only THOUGHT it was bed bugs.Another complaint we read was about the staff being unfriendly. Our experience was just the opposite. Everyone was warm and friendly to us. The restaurants were a bit on the pricey side, but we expected that from a resort this size. The food was wonderfully prepared and served. We ate at three of the restaurants and had room service one evening. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pj621
<Content>Great Weekend We had a great weekend!! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Westin Rio Mar Resort Oct 13th - 16th 2006. We are both in our 40's. It was a great place to go and relax and recharge our batteries. The Good:It was low season so the resort wasn't crowded. We spent most of our time on the beach. The beach is about 400 yards long and there were only about 100 people on it per day at the most! I was in the ocean about 2-3 hours per day and there were only 20 -30 people in the ocean at a time. The beach had plenty of chaise lounges and we had no problem getting a table with a small roof for us to have shade during the hot sun. I am sure it would be more difficult to do this during high season. I鈥檝e been to resorts where they charge for the chairs at the beach, but this was free. It almost felt like we were in the Corona commercial with nothing to do but listen to the ocean and relax! It was pretty romantic.The staff is VERY friendly. They were very helpful and smiled a lot. They made us feel like we were guests in their home. We booked our trip thru [----] and got a good deal. I also joined Starwood Preferred Guests [---] and was able to upgrade to an ocean view with a king-size bed for free. The hotel provides a shuttle form the airport but is costs $60 per person round trip. The grounds were meticulous. The pools (they have 2) were very clean and were right next to the beach. I could see this resort being very convenient to families. The Bad:The food was expensive, but we expected it from reading other peoples reviews. There were only 4 restaurants open when we stayed so it is VERY important to get reservations for dinner. One restaurant didn鈥檛 need reservations. We stayed at the resort the whole time, so we can鈥檛 comment on site-seeing and renting cars. We would definitely return if it were low season! We had a great time and would like to come back and visit the rain forest and do some site-seeing. I think over all the 4 star rating is correct, although some things deserved 5 star and some 3.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Margo113
<Content>Rooms need improvement Overall, a pretty decent resort. The grounds and main area of the hotel were meticulously maintained, but honestly the rooms were mediocre. Our family travels a lot, so we may expect more, but I still think the rooms were not that clean and were sparsely decorated.Aside from that, and on a positive note, you'll enjoy the pool and beach. So if you're looking for a vacation filled with sun and water, this is a pretty good place to go... just get a good deal!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>Nikkikub
<Content>Very nice, secluded, expensive We stayed at this hotel from September 16-21, 2006. We were on a vaction that was provided by my husband's work. This is a VERY nice hotel. The rooms all have a balcony. We had requested an ocean view when the reservations were made and received an ocean view, we were not disappointed in the slightest, the mountain view is beautiful. The heavenly bed is more comfortable than most hotel beds we've slept on. The pool area is beautiful, they have a water slide, waterfall and volleyball area, also fountains for kids to play in. There is a resident cat that seems to live in the pool area, very friendly. The beach is very nice, watch out for glass. I didn't find many shells but there were lots of sand dollars. There are lounge chairs and shade on the beach to use. We ate at Club Coqui once, good but nothing special really, high prices for what we got ($30 for 2 bowls of ordinary fruit, small cup of yogurt, thin slice of banana bread). The pastry place near the casino was good too. A rum punch in the lobby bar was $9, good but too expensive. Other than that meals were provided for us banquet/buffet style so we didn't eat at any other restaurants (though some of them were closed for remodelling). We were not overly impressed by the award winning dessert they provided at the banquet...spice cake with vanilla ice cream, chocolate sauce  guava sauce. It looks and sounds much more impressive than it is. It was difficult to go anywhere other than the property, nothing is close and it is expensive to go on your own. The hotel is isolated, they have just about everything you would need though it is overpriced. Bug repellant is a necessity at night if you go outside. It was VERY hot and humid while we were there. We turned the air conditioning in our room to 60 F. We're not likely to stay there again because of the expense, would not have a problem going there again with somebody else paying. Staff was very friendly and bilingual.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jt86739
<Content>Two Girls Travel       Rain Forest Views  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>TDandJD
<Content>Great time at the Westin Rio Mar (mid September 2006) We traveled in mid september 2006 for 5nights and 6 days and had wonderful weather everyday. We lucked out as we booked on CheapCaribbean.com and they included free insurance for hurricanes, etc. Since it was low season and they threw in the insurance, we had nothing to loose. It was 85 degrees everyday with an ocean breeze.  The hotel and grounds are immaculate. We don't understand why anyone would say anything negative. The staff was nice and we were upgraded at no charge to an ocean view and we asked for a refreigerator and received it complimentary. Since it was low season, not all of the restaruants were opened. But we knew this when we booked. We prefer no lines and the run of the place and this is what we had. On the weekend, they had a convention and when the groups came, they added music at the lobby bar and more restaurants opened. So we had the best of both worlds--no lines, our pick of lounge chairs at the pool with umbrella's and then it became more crowded and we had more resturant selections.  The conceirge was fine and they have an entire 3 ring binder with menus of area resturants. We went to Bamboo lounge, a resturant outside of the hotel and they provided complimentary transportation. We read about this restaurant in the 3 ring binder. Go there for dinner, reasonable and fun and they pick up at hotel for free. There is a little store at the bottom of our hotel, down the road about 1 mile, so we picked up the local beer--medallah light, which was perfect for our room and some snacks. They also have wine and other items. We did not rent a car since we had already been to San Juan on a previous trip and didn't feel the need to do Old San Juan. We did the rain forest tour and booked at the hotel. It was $38pp and included transportation. We hiked in the rain forest, I wore sneakers and had a bathing suit on under my shorts. You can stop at the falls and swim if you choose. We were with a group of about 8-10 people, it was amazing. Do the rainforest--it was incredible! We also choose to snorkel and we were a little disppointed that the hotel dive shop charged $95 pp, but if you drive to the marina in Fajardo, about 20 minutes away, it was only $59. But since we choose not to rent the car, we were ok with paying extra to book with the hotel. I offst the cost of renting a car. It was a catamaran boat with open bar all day and sandwiches for lunch. It was a full day and we stopped to swim first before we went to the reef. We choose to grab a toasted bagel or nice selction of pastries at the little coffee shop near the casino in the hotel--David's Cookies. It was reasonable as opposed to splurging at the hotel restuarants. We also ate lunch at the tiki bar near the pool or the outside restaurant near the pool. This was on the reasonable side. We choose to take a cab for dinner 2 additional nights and we stayed close to the hotel and it was $14 round trip. The location and distance to restaurants is at the concerige. There are about 15 plus outside resturants. We went to this 1 near the hotel, it was called Rich's or something close to that, it was were the local's go and it was on the side on the mountain. Beautiful view. Nice meal and very reasonable. We also ate at the hotel. The Westin is 5 star, so naturally, the restaurants are 5 star. So break it up, go to the local places near by and the prices are more reasonable and enjoy your vacation and the hotel and all its ammenities too. We woud defintiely go back. Check websites for good deals. We also received a $200 Discovery Gift Card. Great time.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>n77
<Content>Wonderful time We stayed for 3 nights and had a great experience. The room was beautiful with a small balcony. They brought a small refrigerator into the room for us at no additional charge. The bathroom was spectacular. The entire hotel is quite luxurious.Luquillo is not that impressive, but in general we were not impressd with mainland Puerto Rico that we saw.We got our room for $80/night via Priceline, probably one of the best deals I've ever had for a resort.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bmfree
<Content>Wonderful Time! Hubbie won a trip to the Westin Rio Mar though work so we were able to spend a couple of nights here. It is a beautiful spot! Our room was very large and super clean. We had mountain view room with a little balcony. The beach was really nice. We didn't spend too much time at the pool but it was a great set up with a pool only for adults, one for games with a water slide and several hot tubs. The food was nothing to write home about but it was more than acceptable. The best part was every evening they make a bonfire and you can make smores.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>kelleysezwoh
<Content>Absolutely wonderful       the friendly bird in the lobby at the Westin Rio Mar  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>evanfchurch
<Content>THIS WAS THE BEST VACATION OF MY LIFE ...SERIOUSLY!!!       Beautiful Grounds  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kinsa
<Content>Great Resort - Can NOT understand the negative reviews!! This resort was fabulous, we were there for 5 nights and had a great time. The staff were incredibly friendly, the rooms were great, and overall it was a great experience. It was just as nice, if not nicer, than any other Westin I have stayed in, and I have stayed in a lot of Westins.If you read the complainers complaints closely you will notice one common thread - it doesn't seem that they did their research before they arrived at the Westin at all. Most complain that it is far away from San Juan, that they needed to rent a car, that the food was expensive, etc.So what? The location is right near the rainforest in a beautiful location. It is about a 30-45 minute drive from San Juan, depending on traffic. The beach is a beautiful beach, no, it is not the white sand, crystal clear turqouise water of the Caribbean, but that is because it is located on the Atlantic side of the ocean. Duh. Look at a map and look at the pictures of the resort before you book the trip there!!The rooms were great. The standard room is large, with a nice sitting area. It was very clean, I have no idea what a previous poster was talking about dirty rooms. We were upgraded to a junior suite after one night (once the hotel cleared out a convention, and with a $20 tip to the reception - TIP - in ANY hotel, if you want to be upgraded to a better room, be prepared to tip the person who can put you in that better room!) and it was beautiful. But even the standard room was great.We didn't really eat in the hotel's restaurants because we were on the go so much. We did eat at the coffee place next to the casino every morning, which was a good, cheap alternative to spending a lot of money on the hotel food. I did check out the food prices and thery did not seem any higher than at any other Westin, and in fact, I thought the room serive prices were quite reasonable for a large hotel (I have seen double the prices charged at other hotels). We did order room service one night and it was quick and good food. Also, rent a car and explore the restaurants around the resort, there are plenty - I highly recommend Kiosk #2 at Loquillo beach, very close to the resort.The service at the hotel is fabulous - we wanted a fridge for our room, and one was there within 10 minutes. The safe didn't work in out first room (the person prior to us didn't leave it open), and someone was there in a matter of minutes to fix it. My husband got food poisioning, and the concierge helped out immensly, getting a dr to our room immediately, and even sending someone to go get the prescription from a local pharmacy. The staff could not have done more, they are truly great and extremly friendly and care about their jobs and their customers.Overall we had a great time at the Westin and would not hesitate to return or recommend it for a great vacation. Don't listen to the whiners and complainers - honestly, if they didn't like this hotel, I cannot imagine that any hotel would live up to their expectations (I have traveled all over the world and stayed at numerous 5 star resorts - the Westin Rio Mar lived up to its 4 star rating)Here's another tip - you can book this hotel through Hotwire or Priceline for a substantial savings, which makes it an even better deal.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jrnyman6
<Content>Great Vacation at the Rio Mar My wife and I visited Puerto Rico from August 16-21. We chose the Rio Mar for its amenities and we were not disappointed. Through research on this website, we also knew what to expect (distance from San Juan) which for us was perfect. If you're looking for nightlife and an urban atmosphere there are plenty of hotels in San Juan. The Rio Mar is a true resort: everything you need is on the property. Our only complaint was that most of the resort's restaurants were closed sporadically through our stay. We ventured off the property for dinner twice and quickly learned our lesson. You're much better off eating at the Westin or making the trek all the way to San Juan.We were upgraded to a suite without even asking (I had booked a resort view room online) and it was very spacious. The bed, as advertised, was extremely comfortable. Everything was clean and new.The hotel's beach is well maintained. There are thatched umbrella stands for those who need some shade, and also portable umbrellas that the staff will set up for you. Just get there early because they seemed to run out every day. If you're a golfer, be sure to check out the two Rio Mar courses. They are both high-quality and reasonably priced. Plus, there are iguanas everywhere.Driving in Puerto Rico is a little hectic. People either drive way too fast or way too slow...not a good combination. On top of that, most people are recklessly impatient. Not too different from NYC...except with palm trees on the side of the road.Overall we had a great experience in Puerto Rico. We found the people to be friendly, the weather was terrific, and the Rio Mar lived up to its billing. We would definitely go back.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mco1018
<Content>Great Family Hotel we stayed here for a week with our 4 year old and we all loved it. Yes, some of the restaurants were not open when we were there. Yes, the area is not the nicest in Puerto Rico. But all things considered, we still had a great time. The hotel itself is beautiful and very comfortable. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. I've read some of the other reviews about the Westin having a terrible staff and my response to that is, well, maybe if you are not nice to the staff they won't be nice to you. We got a fridge in the room and stocked up from a local grocer. And we reserved a car as soon as we booked the hotel room which was great. The hotel is 25 minutes from Fajardo, which is worth going to for the different day trips - a catamaran sailing trip - I recommend the Spread Eagle II for the friendly staff, great lunch, and beautiful views, and the nighttime bioluminescent bay tour. Both of these were very kid-friendly and accomadating. The only thing is that I would book these separately from the hotel as the hotel trips were pricey. It's only 5 minutes from El Yunque - definitely worth while, and about 35 minutes to San Juan, which left my daughter a little bit bored but had some great restaurants if you want authentic puerto rican food. all in all a great trip. great views. great service. great atmosphere. I'd definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lizthebest
<Content>Family of 32 had a blast!!! We went with a very large group-18 kids(ages 1-16) and 14 adults. We all had a great time. I have to say the hotel/restaurant staff was very nice to us. Very friendly and helpful. Accommodating that many people can be difficult, but they did their best and we all had such a fabulous time. Our rooms all had oceanviews.The beach was great as were the pools. The bar at the beach was a great convenience-food and drinks right there! The shuttle bus worked out very well. Never had to wait long. My only complaint was the rainforest. It was not what we expected. The fact that too many of us went together didn't help though. The waterfall was the only decent part. I thought we'd see some pretty birds or something. All in all we thought it was great and would go back in a heartbeat! Miss those afternoon ziggy zaggies and bush wackers at the beach. You must try them if you go. Very refreshing!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Primustravel
<Content>Had fun at the Westin Just visited Puerto Rico and stayed at the Westin Rio Mar hotel. The hotel was very nice. Our room was large and spacious, we had a corner balcony with views of the ocean and forest. Our room was located on a preferred guest floor. We were able to take advantage of local restaurants located on nearby Highway 3. I enjoyed the beach and the pool. While the hotel's beach was located on the Atlantic Ocean, the hotel was not very far from the Caribbean side of the island which we visited on one day of our stay.The hotel is located right across the street from the El Yunque Rain Forest. We didn't rely on the hotel shuttle bus, but had a rental car so it was very easy to drive across to the rain forest. The trails are clearly marked. We hiked down to La Minna Falls. It was beautiful.I greatly enjoyed Puerto Rico and hope to visit again soon!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sweetjen2685
<Content>Wouldn't go back       fish swarming us when we had bread  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>sedona74
<Content>Please read this: Terrible!!! INTRO: Starwood Hotels owns Westin, Sheraton, and the W hotels (our favorite). We are Starwood Preferred Guests and have had wonderful experiences at some of these hotels; my husband works in the travel industry. We are not snobs, nor are we wealthy people, but our experience at the Westin Rio Mar was...terrible. We've all read terrible reviews of hotels on these sites. We read things like air conditioning broken or smelly room or rude staff. I always take these with a grain of salt; I tend to think they are either phony reviews, or just written by incredibly picky people who are never happy with anything. This review, I promise you, is neither. ROOM: At first, they tried to give us a first floor room next to the pool, but I requested something higher up. So we were given a room at the back of the hotel, overlooking the ramp where the trucks and buses come in. The tiled floor hadn't been vacuumed; it had long black hairs, crumbs (dry oatmeal?), and dust. The rooms feel cold and wet. At night, the sheets feel like cold wet noodles around your body, and one night after they changed them, they actually stunk of feet, bleach, and mildew. After complaining (about a lot more than just the room), they did give us an ocean-view room on the 6th floor, but the only thing different was the view. This time it was the area rug that hadn鈥檛 been vacuumed; you could see white and yellow crumbs against the brown carpet. The coffee  tea bags next to the coffee-maker were torn open. There is no mini-fridge to keep cold water or leftover food from the restaurants.RESTAURANTS: Appalling. Out of 12 restaurants advertised (half are pool/pub food, and the other half fine dining), only 3 were actually open. There was no indication of this when we booked, or when we arrived. After winding our way on foot in the dark, through abandoned, un-lit paths, looking for the only Puerto Rican restaurant on the resort (it was labeled 鈥渦pscale鈥?, past abandoned lots with parked trucks and not one other human for 20 minutes, we found a boarded-up restaurant. Disappointed and in disbelief, we walked back to the hotel. The Sushi place was also closed. The steakhouse was somewhere out on the golf course, but we didn鈥檛 want to keep searching in the dark for another restaurant. (No one told us about the shuttle until our last day.) There was an Italian place, but we didn鈥檛 travel from New York to Puerto Rico to eat Italian food. The only other thing left was the hotel dining room, Marbella, billed as casual/family fare. People wore tank tops, shorts, and flip-flops, and parked baby strollers near their tables. We sat for 20 minutes and no one came to take our order. We got up and left for the Italian place, our last resort, but they wouldn鈥檛 allow us in because of my husband鈥檚 dressy dark jeans, which he paired with a crisp button-down and shiny black dress shoes. The restaurant only had a few tables full. Although we鈥檇 just walked 40 minutes in the dark, only to find closed up restaurants, they had no sympathy. Since the website pictures make it look like a young, trendy, hip hotel with a nightlife and many different types of dining options, my husband did not bring 鈥渟lacks.鈥?We complained to the concierge, who gave us a print-out of the only 3 restaurants open at the resort: the dining room, the Italian place and the steakhouse out on the golf course鈥攁nd the last two didn鈥檛 allow jeans! All she could do was escort us back down to the dining room, and give us a complimentary meal (only she kept saying it like it was coming out of her own pocket and expected us to be grateful). She began speaking Spanish to the maitre-d, I guess explaining the situation, but being that the staff is supposed to speak English, it was very disrespectful not knowing what they were saying about us. Thankfully, there were two or three Latin-influenced dishes on the menu, and they were very tasty. Had that not been the case, we would have left the next day. On our last day, we decided to have lunch in the dining room before our shuttle left for the airport. But they were not serving any meals because of a convention buffet. When we asked the concierge about it, she told me that being a Friday, it was going to be pretty hard to find a place to eat lunch.STAFF: Generally slow  annoyed that you are there. Waiters/waitresses slowly pad and saunter around the restaurants or grounds, the way I pad around my kitchen on a Sunday morning with my coffee. When walking around the pool/beach areas with their trays, they actually turn their heads when you try to make eye contact. We weren't served once while sitting by the pool or beach, although we would have loved to be. At the dining room, Marbella, the waiter never came to take our order, and just left us sitting there. This happened on two different nights. One morning at the breakfast buffet, I waited patiently for someone to come over to the omelette station and make me an omelette. Finally when the cook slowly sauntered out from the back, she just sighed and stared at me as if I were interrupting her day of relaxation. When she finished making my omelette of orange artificial egg mixture, she put a large handful of cold shredded cheese on it, and looked away over her shoulder to talk to someone while folding it over and onto my plate. Of course the omelette opened right back up again like a raw pizza, and I had to stand there and press it down myself with a clean plate, trying desperately to melt the cold cheese. The best part? Other staff members see you struggling with something or being ignored, and they just look away and continue talking with each other in clusters. Finally, on our last day while waiting for our shuttle to take us to the airport, I asked the head bellman whether the shuttle that was sitting out front was going to the airport, or to the golf course. He said to the golf course. But a minute later, the bus driver jumped off the bus and began loading luggage into the back of it. When we asked the driver about it, he said it was in fact going to the airport. I guess the bellman didn't care whether I made it home. He just wanted to shut me up, a very common attitude at this hotel.BEACH: We were told the ocean was both Atlantic and Carribean combined. This was not true; the beach was no different from any Atlantic beach, similar to Miami: crashing waves swirling with brown cloudy sand. The lounge chairs are made of hard wicker and are extremely uncomfortable, leaving marks on your skin even when covered with two towels. While drifting to sleep listening to the ocean waves, staff circle you in noisy trucks that stink of exhaust, picking up any empty chairs, no matter how close they are to where you鈥檙e lying, and piling them toward the back of the beach. Also, loud electric weed trimmers disturb your peaceful relaxation. The smell of gasoline permeates the air. I guess they were trying to get a head start on cleaning up so they could go home early? POOL: There are two pools: the larger, family pool, and the smaller Quiet Pool with waterfall. Despite the gigantic sign (in both Spanish and English) clearly indicating the rules (No horseplay, No children under 12 without adult, No running, etc.) the Quiet Pool was filled with young children and teenagers loudly playing around, tackling, throwing balls hard at each other, running, climbing, and doing somersaults off the waterfall. No one--parents, staff, etc.--seemed to notice or care. GUESTS: The majority of guests are either locals, or Puerto Ricans from New York. During the day, the pools and ocean were somewhat full, but at night, we would take walks outside or through the hotel, and we just wouldn鈥檛 see any other people. It felt lonely and sad being the only ones sitting on the veranda having drinks. We wondered where all the guests were. It was eerie.REGION: The stretch between San Juan and the 鈥渢own鈥?of Rio Grande is littered with decaying shacks and, ironically, brand new strip malls stuffed with KFCs, Subways, and Burger Kings鈥ll alongside an obnoxious 4-lane highway jammed with traffic, connecting to a new 6-lane interstate. You can reach the El Yunque Rainforest after driving through an impoverished, decaying neighborhood, but we couldn鈥檛 find any trails or waterfalls or places to pull off and explore.TIME OF YEAR: They say that it was off-season when we went; we couldn鈥檛 understand why. We had asked a friend who is from the Dominican Republic whether July/August was an okay time to go. She said (and our research confirmed) that hurricane season is actually May鈥擮ctober, and plenty of people vacation to the Carribean in summer. The weather was gorgeous: balmy, low-to-mid 80s, and mostly sunny. We didn鈥檛 understand how this could be a factor in any of the things we experienced. But the staff liked to use it a lot as an excuse. I can鈥檛 tell you how many times we heard, 鈥淚t鈥檚 off season, so鈥︹€?We have been to many places off-season--Mexico, Las Vegas, Arizona, where the summers are 115 degrees and really quite unpleasant--and not one thing has ever been closed.THE ONE REDEEMING FACTOR: Old San Juan (45 minutes away) is a beautiful and charming old 鈥淓uropean village,鈥?with cobblestone streets, colorful pastel apartment buildings with wrought-iron balconies, and fabulous restaurants  lounges. We would have gone there every night to hang out, except that it鈥檚 $65 each way by taxi from the hotel. And don鈥檛 try to rent a car from the hotel; they don鈥檛 have any left. If you rent one from a local car rental place, the hotel will charge you $15 a day just to park it in the hotel garage.THE BOTTOM LINE: As I said earlier, we are not snobs, nor are we wealthy people. But when we plunk down a couple of thousand hard-earned dollars and go away for a week鈥檚 vacation to the Carribean at a 4 陆 star resort, we expect a certain level of cleanliness, respect, service, and honesty. We got none of these while staying at the Westin Rio Mar. They will be hearing from us, but judging by what we鈥檝e just witnessed as guests, I don鈥檛 know that they鈥檒l care.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>klegov
<Content>Nice! We really enjoyed our stay. We've always had great stays at all Starwood Hotels and this particular hotel did not let us down. The room was really nice though I think it had a bit of a mold problem (smelled a bit funky) and like all island resorts, did notice a couple of small bugs...nothing horrible.The pools were nice--not horribly large but nice enough and the beach is incredible. The staff at the hotel is pretty good--lots of activities going on all of the time.The casino is kind of [-----]there--most of the slot machines refused to take my $$ so that was a bummer.Overall, I'd recommend it to any traveler if they can get a good price!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>googro
<Content>Nice hotel- awful staff       Would you swim in this pool?  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>CigarPaul
<Content>Had a wonderful time at the Westin The Westin Rio Mar is a beautiful resort and we enjoyed the stay very much. The grounds are very well kept and the service was better than expected. A rental mini van from Alamo at the Airport was just what the six of us needed to get around, take trips to dinner and S/J. We also drove to the Rain Forest and took the hike down to the Mina Falls. Parking in the garage was $15 a day but worth it for the convenience to park inside under the hotel. The 3 rooms were nice enough for us, a mini bar, safe and coffee maker included. The hotel is now smoke free inside so you must use the outside balcony off the lobby if you want to sit down with a drink and smoke. The breakfast buffet reminded me of a cruise except it was $19, but eggs and waffles were available off the menu for $11, coffee, juice and toast included with the price. Lunches were also good inside and out by the pool with David's Cookies outside of the casino for a snack all day. The casino was very busy one night and they refused to open up more tables that made some people mad. I also caught the roulette dealer making a mistake on a payout. Overall we did OK and played every night because there was not much else to do.The beach is great for a morning walk, then sit around the pool and soak in the sun and the sights. Everyone was nice to us, maybe because it was not busy as usual, a convention was coming as we left, so we had a good time and would like to stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>asd1
<Content>Very Nice Hotel. The Westin was a very nice hotel. I recently went with my wife and 2 children. Lots to do with the kids- kids club, pool, beach, free hair braiding (my daughters loved), water slide, and various activities by the pool. Also the Dive in Movies were great to spend by the pool with the kids- just relax and watch a good movie. I do recommend going to at least one if you are traveling with kids. Restaurants- well they were expensive, but what do you expect for a high class resort? I highly recommend the restaurant Shimas. This asian cuisine restaurant was outstanding. The restaurant Marbella (the breakfast buffet is also served there) is a good restaurant to get an easy bite with the kids. They have a good priced menu and often they have dinner buffets. If you plan on eating Italian at the resort you have to bring slacks. There is a no shorts. no jeans. fancy attire rule. Although for the noise- there is a lot of events and fundraisers that happen at the hotel. Near our room, there was a Gillete Family Day going on. They played loud music that wasnt so relaxing. But you will never know when planning a trip if there will be anything. i highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>tomsak
<Content>Don't hesitate for a nice vacation here Just returned from 4 days at the Westin Rio Mar. Family of 4, girls 10 and 12. It was a wonderful stay. I would like to second the sentiment of an earlier poster from NJ about some people having to complain about everything. There is very little to complain about regarding the things that this resort can control. The weather is obviously one (Fortunately, it was beautiful. Yes, the rain showers come and go but that is what the Caribbean is, especially in the summer. This eastern end of the island is definitely cooler than San Juan or Dorado). The preponderance of locals is another (A hotel is a fixed asset. They have 600 rooms to fill. Since it is the slow season for American tourists to visit, they do run deals for the locals and they do come, especially on the weekends. Gee, imagine that, Puerto Ricans like to go on vacation too and have enough money to do so鈥ood for them. When tourists come to NYC, do they complain about all the local New Yorkers? Maybe, but that鈥檚 the way it is. In the summer, I believe Americans will be in the minority at this resort. So what. If you want everyone to be like you, go to the socioeconomic targeted Disneyworld resort hotel of your choice. There were a few instances of loud and uncontrolled behavior by the local kids. This was, however, no worse than that exhibited by some spoiled American brats, a scene which unfortunately has become commonplace at many high end resorts.)Rooms 鈥?Nice, large, clean, well-furnished in crisp Caribbean style. Heavenly beds were very comfortable. Nice size balconies, received a direct oceanfront upgrade by just asking upon check-in. No bed bugs. I agree with others that the bites, especially on kids, are a function of the tiny flies on the beach. They seemed to be present only at dusk. We did not go on the beach at night. Use bug repellent or just go from pool to ocean and back without lounging there. As you may read, bed bugs are becoming more of a problem worldwide, even at the Ritz-Carlton and Four Seasons. Learn how to check before you settle in and unpack.Grounds 鈥?Very nice, well-kept. Pools are clean and large. The 鈥渜uiet鈥?pool has somewhat tired loungers with mats but for heaven鈥檚 sake, put a towel over them. The larger 鈥渁ctivity鈥?pool has new loungers that are much nicer than the typical white strapped vinyl variety. Pool service, beach bar, live music, activities such as aquatic aerobics, bingo, free hair braiding for the kids. And the Westin Kids Club, always a good thing. The beach is beautiful, soft sand, mild waves, warm water, clean, lifeguard on duty every day. Not many resorts bother with lifeguards anymore, even Hawaii. So the sand is tan and not white鈥s there a problem with that?Restaurants 鈥?What you would expect at a large resort. Basically average, occasionally great and sometimes disappointing. Always expensive compared to eating out off campus. But overall it was fine.Service 鈥?Every single employee was helpful, upbeat, friendly, respectful and quick with a smile. Very rare anywhere today.Go, have a good time. Try to get a deal like the Escape package (we paid $209 with breakfast included for 2, all taxes, fees, tips included). If you overpay, then I guess you will always find something to complain about.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>travelcat1
<Content>Great Place Beautiful huge resort. Would def. recommend this place to couples, families or singles. The only downfall is that many dont leave the resort- if you stay on the grounds meals add up- for 4 nights just lunch and dinner it cost us over $500. CheapCaribbean has been having great package deals for this resort including airfare you may want to check it out before booking  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>W'sinGA
<Content>It is as its billed Just came back from a 5 night stay with my wife and 3 children. They are ages 1,4 and 9. The hotel was fine it is not as nice as some in the states but we had no complaints. The service at check in and out was great everyone was nice and helpful. We had the Kids for free package which worked for us. The kids really enjoyed the pool , the beach, and the kids club. The food was good a bit pricey but its a resort so it's to be expected. We rented a car from the airport on priceline and ended up with avis. It turned out to be a super idea because the direction to the hotel were clear and it only took about 40 minutes. The shuttle cost about $27.50 per person one way. The Hotel does charges $15.00 per day for parking but because we had an avis car and they have an avis office on site we only paid $5.00 per day. Having the car also let's you get off the property to eat at local restaurants. The conciegere will suggest off property dinning places.The beach was nice and lots of room great jet skiing. They have a casino and game room for the kids both were useable but Vegas it's not. The rooms were clean and decent size. I didn't play golf but the course looked well taken care of and laid out. If you have kids it's great. If you don't it's great too. Renting a car will help you get to night life if that's what you're looking for. Atlanta, Ga.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>trees923
<Content>Nice Vacation The Westin was a nice and clean hotel. The rooms were spacious and housekeeping did a nice job keeping them clean all week. There were two pools and one was designated for adults only although kids swam in it all week. The activity pool or the kids pool was very crowded everyday and it wasn't cleaned very well each day. The beach was nice and there weren't a lot of people on it. There are great waves if you like an ocean like that. There are six resturants in the hotel and they all have good food but the cost of a meal is very expensive. The hotel knows that there aren't many options for food besides staying in the hotel because it costs so much money to rent a car or shuttle to leave the resort. We went to Old San Juan and had a nice day. We went to an amazing pizzera right up the block from the center square. We truely enjoyed our stay but if you are looking for a hotel with action and things to do at night I wouldn't reccommend staying here.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LBashir
<Content>Westin Rio Grande not up to par with other Westins Just came back from a 3 day stay at the Westin. Check-in was good, we got upgraded to an ocean suite, but the room was ok. The bathrooms not up to typical Westin standards, very old, not very modern, and they didn't even have the double showerhead. The next morning, we were woken up at 6:00 AM by construction on the roof which was directly above us. We called front desk several times, and no one could explain what happened. Finally later in the afternoon, I called the manager who found out they had construction right above us. We were satisfied after he comped the night, but I still don't understand why they would give us a room underneath construction when there was so much availability in the hotel or why they would start constriction so early, people are on vacation and the last thing they want to do is wake up at 6 AM.The Food was drab, service at Marbella worse. It took me 25 minutes each day to get coffee by the wait staff. One day a gentleman next to me offered his pot after i asked the waitress 5 times for coffee to no avail (she finally brought it over right when they closed for breakfast). The Italian restaurant however, was fairly good with top notch service. The hotel grounds are somewhat old and tired. The pool area is somewhat nice, but i noticed a lot of mold on the cushions. Also, although one pool is the adult pool, there were tons of small children running around, jumping in, and causing a lot of noise, this was definitely not enforced. The beach is ok, the ocean very rough and the sand is a dark yellow (not the soft sand found in the Caribbean or on other parts of the island)The location is not that great either. yes it is across the rain forest, but There really i nothing else in the area, and you are pretty much forced to stay at the resort if u don't have a car (fyi, if u have a car other than the one u can rent from the hotel, they charge u $18/day). We were pretty bored in the evenings, even thought we did go to the restaurants and casino (seemed very empty)As a side not, i am still having problems with the hotel bill. I was charged a different amount that the one i got at check out. i think i have gotten double charged for breakfast but we are still trying to figure it out.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	4	3	1	

<Author>virginiatravelers
<Content>Excellent vacation I do not understand how people can complain about the Westin Rio Mar. Your vacation is what you make of it. The staff at the Westin are very pleasant. We had no problems at check-in, no problems with the bill for our stay, no problems finding beach or pool chairs, and no problems with bed bugs or bugs on the beach. We had a beautiful view of the ocean from our room. I walked for miles every day on the beautiful, secluded beach at the hotel. My two sons, ages 11 and 15, loved the hotel. They made friends at the pool at night and are still telling their friends at home what a good time they had. We rented a car at the airport. It is incredibly easy to find your way around PR. The drivers are somewhat reckless but we managed. We went to a number of different restaurants in Fajardo and Old San Juan and had wonderful food. You don't need a trip or tour of the rain forest. Just put on your hiking shoes and take the trail to the waterfall (La Mina). It's beautiful and an easy hike. The East Wind snorkeling trip was great. My son said it was the highlight of his trip. You really need to go see the clear, blue water before you leave. I didn't even think about booking the snorkeling trip through the hotel. There is no need to do so. The hotel has a book about PR in the room with all the phone numbers you need to book any trip/excursion you want. Everyone in PR is very friendly and making last minute reservations doesn't seem to be a problem. We'll definitely will go back to the Westin Rio Mar.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelguru4u
<Content>I thought it was an average place       View from the room  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>icunurse
<Content>just ok Just returned from a 3-night stay at the Westin. Unfortunately, our stay was hampered by the political convention that weekend at the hotel. It was very noisy at night with tons of people everywhere. We thought the Westin was just ok, nothing special. The pool areas were very crowded. The loungers had old, (mildewy in some) cushions on them. Have definitely stayed in much nicer hotels for less money. Restaurants were mediocre at best. Went to a nice restaurant called Richie's (recommended by waiter at hotel) that is 2 minutes from the hotel. Great views! The beach was nice, but we've found that Mexico beaches were so much prettier. The hotel is about 10 minutes from the rainforest. Definitely worth visiting. Would not return to this hotel, nor would I recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good vacation with some problems Hi,My son and I stayed at the Westin for four days at the end of June. As most have written it's a beautiful resort! We had no problem at check-in, the shuttle service greeted us at the airport and we were upgraded to an Ocean View Room for no apparent reason. The rooms were clean and beautiful and no bed bugs! I was disappointed with the evening conceirge service and general things to do in the evening for my son and I. There didn't seem to be much going on and the conceirge wasn't very helpful. I tried to sign up for the Rainforest and it was book, my advice is to definitely rent a car, use the local grocery store for snacks and lunch and to see the sights of Puerto Rico. We went on a catarman snorkeling trip (you don't have to snorkel if you don't want) that was wonderful, but it was 35 dollars more per person through the hotel. The food was ok, nothnig spectacular and I didnt think there was much variety. A word of caution if you get a package/kids package, the waiters and restaurants are supposed to not charge you for the kids meals, but for some reason they tell you that the front desk will take care of it and reimburse you, luckily I saved all of my receipts, otherwise they would have not taken the charges off of the room.Overall, it was a beautiful and relaxing vacation. I would definitely to the the east wind boat trip, rent a car, bring snacks since some of the food is costly, but if you do decide to book trips through the hotel do so before your stay especially the Rainforest trip in which they only offer on Tuesdays.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>marchb4
<Content>Great time at the Westin Rio Mar! So we all know how much we like reading the reviews in Trip Advisor about the places we are planning to visit on vacation, hoping to figure out the best place stay, eat, etc. Well, we just got back from a 6-night stay at the Westin Rio Mar and would highly recommend it! We traveled from San Juan in a rental car. We chose Alamo - low prices, convinient to airport, and we were in and out in less than 10 minutes. Make sure to take the new toll road, Highway 66, from San Juan to just outside Rio Grande, that cuts your travel time by about 20-25 minutes. It only costs $1.50 and is really worth it as an alternative to the congested Route 3. It is so new that you won't find it on most maps yet.We arrived at the Westin in the late afternoon and were upgraded (without asking) to an oceanview room. Summer is the off season and there may be more flexibility. ROOM: Average size, attractive furniture, great beds, spotless, quiet POOLS/BEACH:There are two pools, one is the quiet pool with CUSHIONED lounge chairs, our choice. The beach is adjacent and great for boogie boarding. There are cabana for rent at $90 per day (comes with sodas, fruit, chips and ice chest). We just went down by 9ish and picked our spot under an umbrella. (Discounted with the Escape Package - see below) RESTAURANTS: The nice restaurants are somewhat expensive ($25-40 per entree) so we ate local cafes (for authentic Puerto Rican food) including Don Pepe's, Restaurante Terraza Montemar, and in San Juan. The Marbella in the Westin, has a morning full b-fast buffet ($19) but you can also order off the menu. It is also open for dinner with fair prices. TIP: We reserved the Escape Package online for which included 2 free b-fast buffets each day, 25% discount on all services, and included the resort/room tax which comes to almost 25% more. We would highly recommend this option if you can reserve it. LOCATION: The Westin Rio Mar is about 40 minutes from San Juan, very close to the entrance of El Junque Rainforest and the Fajardo Biobay (The bioluminencence was stunning-just go on the darkest night possible, by kayak, and use insect repellent!). DO NOT reserve tours thru the hotel as prices are very inflated. You will hear the chorus of the cute Coqui (frogs) at night. Don't forget to explore further south for some great beaches and scenic drives. AMENITIES: Nice bar areas with tropical flowers, tiny casino, terraces, golf, weekend outdoor movies, bakery called Mike's Cookies which is another option for b-fast) Live piano music in the lounge downstairs. In the evenings, candles are lit. We have travelled all over the tropics and would definitely return the Puerto Rico and this hotel in particular in the future. Everyone was friendly and helpful, as were all of the locals we met. Our teenage daughters did not want to leave!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort - a problem was the service...everywhere! We recently stayed at the Westin for an 8 day vacation in April. There were 3 families in our group with 4 in each family. We too encountered some problems upon check in. The front desk staff was less than friendly and really could care less that you traveled all day and arrived to find out there was no room available until very late afternoon. The food at all the restaurants were average. If your used to good food (we live 1 hour from NYC and eat there all the time) you will find the food to be average. Service was terrible. We arrived at many of the restaurants and witnessed them obviously not being ready to begin serving guests.As for the bed bugs...my 7 y/o son and I shared a bed for the 7 nights and my son came home covered with bites and I did not have one. Not one! We did have a problem at the beach each day - we were bitten by bugs and our skin would sting for the first hour or so at the beach. I heard so many people complain about the bugs at the beach that I'm sure it was that and not bed bugs. My son was covered with bites that looked like someone put cigarettes out all over his body. So I really don't think that all the people claiming to be bitten by bed bugs were really true.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A perfect vacation at the Rio Mar My daughter and I just returned from a week long stay at the Westin Rio Mar from July 1 - 8. I cannot think of one negative thing to say about the place. First off, the place is stunningly beautiful, with an over a mile long sandy beach. The beach is wonderful: no rocks, seaweed or shells. It's very easy to swim in. The pool area is equally nice and kept immacutely clean.We had a stunning room on the top floor with an ocean view, and the Westin beds live up to their heavenly name. The food at the restaurants wasn't cheap, but it wasn't that expensive either ( we're from New York). The quality was fine.Every person we encountered, from the front desk to housekeeping to the shops to the restaurants could not do enough to help you. I seriously did not encounter anyone who wasn't friendly.The kids' program is great, too. They have hair braiding most mornings at 9:00 near the pool. My daughter got 4 braids on each side and when I asked to have it charged to the room, I was shocked to find out it was free.We have travelled extensively in the Caribbean and been to Puerto Rico 4 times, and this has to have been one of our best vacations. Based on the sheer beauty of the place and the friendly staff, I recommend it highly.One final note: if you rent a car (we didn't, but our Rain Forest tour stopped there), do try the grocery store on the corner of Rt. 3 and the Rio Mar entrance. It's cheap!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ignore the negative reviews! After reading how awful this resort was, we were skeptical about our trip, but still went for 5 days at the end of June. The negative reviews must be from the miserable lot of vacationers that complain about anything they can. The Westin shuttle met us at the airport and 40 minutes later we arrived. Despite being upgraded to an Ocean Suite for no reason at all, our room was not ready at 2:30 pm, so we ate lunch at Marbella. Good burgers and chicken sandwich, what's to complain. The front desk was more than accomodating when our room was still occupied at 3:30 pm. At 4:00pm, we checked into a different Ocean Suite with a view of the pool and ocean. The furniture is a little bit retro 1970's, but no bed bugs after a quick check (learn how to check before you go if you are worried), and we moved in. The beach is beautiful, a long stretch of coastline, lots of chairs, waiters and staff, always clean towels, and no problems at the pools either. We had the buffet each morning at Mirabella, who cares about a 5 minute wait when you are on a trip, and the food was good as was the service. Dinners were at Shima's, (sushi and Asian), the Grille Room (filet and sea bass) and Aqua Luna (excellent tuna steaks). Meals were EXCELLENT, averaging between 80-125, with tips, (2-3 appetizers, 2 dinners, 2 desserts, just obviously no booze). The staff was very quick with service and very friendly. We even won in the casino. Only bad thing with no control by the Westin was that it rained each day, some days, it was a sun shower, others were torrential downpours throughout the afternoons. Golf courses were great, but very HOT.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hli66
<Content>Nice resort My husband and I stayed at the Westin for 5 nights. We had a great time. We did not know what to expect after reading many mixed reviews about the resort, but the room was nice and clean. The staff was very friendly. We ate breakfast and lunch at Marbella. The food was okay, but service was shoddy. We also had dinner at Aqua Luna. The food was just warm not hot at all and the service was also shoddy. Luckily, we got great restaurant recommendations from Raquel, one of the concierges. We had great meals at Antojito's right before hitting Rt 3 from the resort, Mojitos in Old San Juan, Pikayo in the museum of PR, Lolita on Rt 3 towards Fajardo, and Pasion Por El Fogon in Fajardo. We suggest renting a car if you are planning to stay at this resort because restaurants and attractions are far away. If you plan on self parking, it is best to rent from Avis b/c there is discounted parking for Avis cars (keep all your parking receipts, they may accidentally charge the parking to your room). Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just a few helpful hints... June 19th - June 24th We have just returned home after a five night stay at the Westin Rio Mar in Rio Grande. The resort is absolutely gorgeous but I do believe that they have a bed bug problem. Each morning my husband and I and our three children (ages 15,18 and 23) woke up with bites all over our bodies. I had read other people's reviews before we went but didn't believe the bed bug concerns. They are true!! If you do stay at the Westin Rio Mar, please take a shuttle from the airport and rent an Avis car from the hotel. It will make the trek to and from the airport sooooo much easier. Do not book tours through the hotel-do it yourself. We went through Eco-tours for a snorkeling outing and saved $35 dollars on each of our tickets. In fact, we followed the Westin's shuttle bus to and from the snorkeling site. With a family of five, we saved a bunch. We also did the Bioluminescent Lagoon tour with BIO BAY Ride, with Captain Miguel Suarez. He has been doing these tours for over thirty years and has great stories and information to share. He makes the experience exceptional. The traffic in San Juan and further to the east is outrageous!!! It takes forever to get to even a location 5 or ten miles away. Please drive defensively because no one uses their signals and people constantly go through red lights. It's really dangerous. There is no need to go to Luquillo beach if you stay at the Westin. The Westin has the most gorgeous beach ever! The Puerto Rican people were very kind and friendly. The service in restaurants and the many roadside stands was extremely slow-even the fast food places took forever. Just be prepared to wait. Old San Juan is really beautiful and a must!!!!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Westin Rio Mar We Stayed At THE WESTIN RIO MAR In JUNE 2006 And It Was Wonderful. The Staff Were Great And Very Attentive. The restaurants Were Good And The Beach And pool Were fabulous. We Cant Say Enough About The Resort. Will Go Back In A Heartbeat. LOVED IT.LOVED IT.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lv2Travel87
<Content>Great Getaway! After reading the reviews on this site, I was a little scared of what we would find at the Westin. Not to worry, everything was great. Yes, food is expensive and hotel is secluded from other restaurants, but you're on vacation. The concierge named Pebbles was a big help to us and answered all our questions. We ate at Don Pepe's for PR food and it was great. Loved the grounds, the beach and the quiet pool. All we wanted was 3 days of sun, food and fun, we got it! Never did see any bed bugs or employees unwilling to help us. Our spacious room faced the mountains, was clean and made up every day. A great stay!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Suruchi
<Content>Good Times We stayed at the Westin Rio Mar for 5 days. We had an excellent time. However, we did go during off-peak season. You will need to rent a car. (cost for parking is $10 per day and $5 if you rent an Avis car) There really isn't much within walking distance. We only had one meal at the restaurant which was way over-priced. There is a wonderful bakery as you are making the left from Route 3 to the road that leads to the hotel. They make fantastic breakfast sandwiches. There is also a good restaurant called Las Vegas wich you will pass on your way to El Yunque rainforest. Bring lots of bug spray. Oh, and the staff were all very nice, polite, friendly. The hotel bake shop does great Tres Leches cake.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>funpr
<Content>Very nice resort My wife and I just returned from a four day stay at the the Westin Rio Mar. We were overall pleased with the resort and the properties. When we checked in we requested an upgrade to a suite, and it was granted with a smile. Nice room with a great view no bed bugs to be found anywhere. The only negative was the congierge, every time we asked for advice on what to do, once we mentioned that we had our own car they lost interest in talking to us. I got the feeling that they were working on commision for these tours. Overall it was a great trip. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NYCtraveler-6
<Content>Wonderful!!! Me and my two friends (all women, mid-twenties) went to Puerto Rico in the middle of May. After reading previous reviews, I was very hesitant about staying at the Westin. But it ended up being GREAT!!! We ran into some bad weather, scattered thunderstorms, but we managed to get some sun. As recommended, we did not eat at the hotel (for the most part). We at the pool bar once and that was decent. Generally, we went into San Juan to eat. The Oof Restaurants are excellent! We visited the Parrot Club, Aqua Viva and Dragonfly. They were all wonderful, and I would consider myself a foodie from NYC. Both the service and the food were of high standards and I would highly recommend going there. We also went to the Puerto Rico Cafe, where we had seafood gumbo, which was YUMMY!Like others, I recommend renting a car. It's very easy getting around the island and we never missed a step in our travel plans. Parking was very easy at the hotel and in Old San Juan (park in garages). We visited the El Yunque Rainforest and loved it! If you enjoy hiking and being outdoors, this is the perfect place for you. They have quite a few trails for you to pick and is very easy to walk through. If you do enough research before you go, there is no need to go to the visitors center (you have to pay). We chose to go right to the trails and explored the area ourselves. On one of our days, we went snorkeling on the Spread Eagle II. The group provided snorkeling gear, lunch and complimentary drinks (alcholic and non-alcoholic) for $65. We had such a great time! The staff was very nice and we didn't run into any problems. Our room at the Westin was very comfortable and was kept very clean throughout our stay. The concierge was very helpful in recommending local restaurants and was accomodating when it came to reserving a shuttle back to the airport for one person in our group. The check-in and check-out process was very easy. I'm not sure why the folks who gave bad reviews had such terrible experiences. I couldn't have asked for a better stay at the Westin!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>artgirl23
<Content>2 words BED BUGS! I thought this one one of the nicest hotels for a long weekend away from NYC... not too far and you could catch a flight late friday night to get there. The service was great, the room, beach and food were lovely but the last two nights i noticed bites on my body...... thought it was mosquito bites.............. I WAS WRONG BED BUG BITES!!!TALK ABOUT A HEAVENLY BED!!! WITH BITES TO GO WITH IT!!! Wish I read the trip advisor reviews before we went....BEWARE OF BED BUGS AT THE WESTIN RIO MAR!!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TravelTops
<Content>Greatest family vacation at the Westin Rio Mar My wife and I and our 10.5 month old daughter Just returned from a 7 night stay at the Westin Rio Mar with much of our extended family and truly had an absolutely wonderful family vacation. I was nervous after reading many of the reviews...but was very pleased to find that the negative reviews were dead wrong, as was everyone on our trip! The hotel and its grounds are beautiful, the staff was extremely nice and helpful, the beach and pools perfect, our weather excellent, and the food was VERY GOOD! I do not understand the complaints of many on this point...as I thought the food was diverse and high quality. We booked through custom classic vacations and booked the All-Inclusive Option at the Westin Rio Mar, which it sounds from many of the reviews and the complaints about high food and drink prices, that many people do not choose, perhaps because they do not realize that it is available...I'm not sure. Anyway, we found this to be the best decision we made because it allowed everyone to eat and drink as much as they wanted (and we did!) without the stress of high prices adding up! We travelled with 3 children in our group and the all-inclusive option was perfect for those travelling with little ones whose eyes are alway bigger than their stomachs.In short we will return to the Westin and would recommend it without hesitation to anyone especially those with children who want the perfect family caribbean vacation.Rememeber to consider the All-Inclusive Option...it will pay for itself in the end!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Class Westin Wow,Just returned from a fabulous trip to Puerto Rico and the Westin Rio Mar. I cannot say enough about this resort. We were skeptical about staying here, due to some of the reviews, but are so glad we did. Upon arrival, they upgrated our room to a Ocean Suite, since it was our anniversary and because the shuttle from the hotel never showed up at the airport. We did not wait but 15 minutes and caught a cab. It was $50., but keep in mind this hotel is 19 miles away and we spent more than that from our house in Spring Texas to IAH airport. (15 miles) They took care of our luggage right away and we were given four drink tickets to use during our stay at any of the bars. Since our arrival was late, (8:30pm) there was all kinds of nightlife going on when we arrived. Music and dancing in the Main Lobby bar, a movie at the Pool with popcorn and drinks, a fire pit with Smores near the beach, a piano player in the downstairs bar, and finally a DJ next to the Casino, playing all types of music. I was totally impressed and excited. We stayed here only two nights before our Cruise and wished we had been there a couple of more days. The beach is gorgeous and the staff we so accommodating. As far as the room goes, it was large and the bed indeed was heavenly. My husband is a light sleeper and he had the best rest he has had in a long time. Thanks Westin for the wonderful weekend and for a Anniversary that will be never forgotten. Stay here and enjoy. Cat from Spring, Tx  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>retep279
<Content>No reason to be afraid, Excellent stay at Rio Mar, Definitely would go back             view of iguana lagoon from room  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>xqzmi
<Content>Wary at first, but great resort We stayed at the Westin Rio Mar for 5 days. You definitely need to rent a car to get there because transportation by taxi ($60-70) or by shuttle service is too expensive. Getting to the resort was not a problem--go by Rt 66, make a right at Belz Factory Outlet onto Rt 3 and you'll see the sign for the Westin on the left. However, finding the main building in the resort was difficult, especially at night. We saw all the signs telling us, Caution: Iguana Crossing but no clear sign directing us to the hotel. Eventually we hit a deadend and a staff member helped us out. Check-in: Very fast, very smooth, and very patient to answer all our questions. We also had a fridge request (no extra charge) and that was brought to our room in 10 min. Self Parking is very efficient but pricey $10/day. Room: The first thing we did was check for bedbugs after all the reviews we read about that. We were in total paranoia, but we were lucky and there were no bugs in our beds. We were on the first floor...very high ceilings. Standard room, no frills, nice balcony...comfortable. Housekeeping wasn't always reliable. There were days when we didn't get face towels, then the next we didn't get new soap. We literally walked up to the cart and picked it up ourselves because they never delivered it to our room even after we called. Grounds: Very beautifully kept. The maintenance starts early and everything is very organized. There were plenty of towels, pool balls, lounge chairs with umbrellas around the pool. The beach is eh, not the golden sand or clear blue water you imagine of the caribbean but it's still nicely kept. there are cabanas and plenty of lounge chairs there too. They have 2-3 jet skis, kayaks..but all for a price ($60 jet ski for 1/2 hour).they have activities planned everyday that are listed on a bulletin board in the lobby and outside area by the pool (power walk, iguana feeding, dancing). the casino is not very large but it's still fun to just wander around. they have a very large conference room...was not able to see inside, but we did see the outside grounds set up for a wedding. The grass in that area was extremely brown, not exactly pretty. Oh..bugs galore...must wear bug spray everywhere you go. Cannot comment on the restaurants in the hotel except for David's Cookies. We picked up something there for breakfast a couple times before going out. We mostly ate outside of the resort. We went to Las Vegas, which is en route to El Yunque on Rt 191. (El Yunque is literally across the street from Rt 968 and follow the signs to Rt 191). Isamar's bakery on the corner of Rt 968 is very good...their Cuban sandwich is really good. Along the way to Luquillo, we saw all the kiosks numbered but we didn't get to try them. We went to dinner at Sandy's Seafood, really good seafood, large portions of everything. There are plenty of fast food places around especially KFC/Taco Bell and Burger King. We also ate at Antonino's and Taco Maker along Rt 3 (east of resort). If you continue on Rt 3 to Fajardo, you'll hit a shopping plaza with sizzler, metropol, many other restaurants. Concierge: I think this was the best part of the hotel. They have directions to everything, preprinted cards. They were very helpful. However, booking through them, especially tours looks extremely overpriced. Call the tours yourself, it's a better deal. Around the Area: El Yunque is right across the street. Luquillo is a 5 minute Drive and is an overall nice beach. Not sure why it's rated as a great beach but, it is still a nice place to relax..Parking is $3. They have kayaks for rent there and it's only $5 per person...much much cheaper than the resort which was around the range of $45 for 1/2 hour. Check out: bill sent to room with easy check out form. We weren't charged a 13% resort fee--maybe it's a deal they cut out with priceline. I don't know...but i'm not complaining. Overall, this was a very enjoyable resort. It's not a 5 star resort but it was still worth visiting.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travel2424
<Content>Some issues, but pleasant overall... When I made the reservation online, I booked and specifically paid for (not just requested) a King sized bed. I'm sure of this because this trip was our 10th wedding anniversary trip. When we checked in, we has been assigned a room with two double beds. The hotel employee said that they had no ocean view Kings available, and to make up for the mistake, lunch at Marabella would be on them. He instructed me to bring him the receipt and they would credit our bill. He was not working when I turned in the receipt, so I put it in an envelope with his name on it. This credit never appeared.Overall, the room was very comfortable and clean. The bed covers were better than your standard room. The bathroom was large with a tile floor and pedestal sink. The beach was average based on other spots in the Caribbean I've been to, but the pools and grounds were nice. Good points have been made in other reviews about the remoteness of the resort. Definetely rent a car to do anything!! And Rio Grande is kind of a dump. If I went to PR again, I'd stay in Fajardo.Yes, the food was a bit overpriced, but not anymore so than other similar resort hotels. The food was good quality. The best dishes were local. A suggestion--get room service for breakfast in the mornings. The prices are reasonable and you can eat out on the balcony. Although, about half of our room service orders had something not quite right (we were delivered an empty coffee pot one day and the cream was hot another). But the staff was prompt in fixing any errors.One thing I noticed is the place was overrun with kids. The Westin is obviously young kid-friendly, but they must have been running some kind of special for families before the high season began. I don't mind kids, and most of them seemed happy, but had I known how many were going to be there, I probably would've chosen another resort.I probably would not return again, mainly due to the Rio Grande area and lack of things to do around the resort.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A beautiful resort with a wonderful staff! My wife and I are fours days into an eight day vacation at the Westin Rio Mar. So far we have nothing but great things to say about the resort and its staff.I simply can't understand some of the negative or oddly critical comments I've read here. The resort grounds are stunning and meticulously cared for (as with all Westins). The rooms are quite attractive and very clean. The lobby and lounge areas are gorgeous and exude style. The staff is among the most friendly and helpful of any hotel at which we've ever stayed. They've gone out of their way to make us feel at home and extra special. (We also love how they've lavished attention on our two-year old daughter.)If you like golf, then this resort is a little bit of heaven, I imagine. There are two beautifully designed courses right in front of the resort. The beach is very attractive, clean and generally uncrowded.The food, while typically expensive as we've come to expect at upscale resorts, is at least very good and diverse. The Sunday brunch is fantastic and not to be missed.About the only complaint I can make is about the weather. It's pretty humid here and we're experiencing the tailend of the rainy season. I doubt the hotel has much control over this.I'll close this work-in-progress by saying, my wife and I love Westins. We've stayed at close to a dozen of their properties and have always been impressed and extremely pleased. Starwood is a first-class company, totally dedicated to providing an enjoyable experience for its guests. If you have a bad or less-than-superlative experience at a Westin or any other Starwood property, you owe it to yourself to let Starwood know. They aim to please, and will do everything possible to correct an error.Based on my first fours days here at the Westin Rio Mar, I can enthusiastically recommend it to anyone wanting a relaxing, hassle-free vacation at a beautiful property run by some of the friendliest people you will ever meet.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>That'sMyOpinion
<Content>Beautiful beach setting, but the rooms and amenities are just ok This hotel is set on a picture perfect beach, and thank God for that, because you will want to be out of your room as much as possible. The beds are comfortable, but the room itself is standard motel. Be prepared to either not use the airconditioning or to freeze your buns off. The airconditiong is set to blow cold air, but not to remove humidity. Therefore, all your clothes will be soggy, and I mean soggy. You will have to launder everything in your suitcase (clean or not) when you return home. The staff tries very hard for the most part, but this is not the Four Seasons, so they do what they can. The casino is a joke and the restaurants are only average. This is our second trip to Puerto Rico to attend conferences. It just is not my favorite island. If spending your own money, shop around a bit more!!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>HudsongrlChicago
<Content>Disappointing Just retuned from 5 nites at this property. From checkin to check-out it was disapppinting.. We were told no ocean view rooms were availabe and all we could get was a room overlooking the front entrance with the smell of diesel fuel from the shuttle buses.Also, we felt this hotel looked tired. The rooms needed some updating and weren't as clean as one would expect.On a positive note, the pool area and grounds were beautiful and the staff friendly, though rather slow to serve.Bottom line is, we would not return. This is a 3 star propery at best.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Resort...Mediocre Food...Horrible Front Desk Service       Westin Rio Mar Iguana  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Shpilkes
<Content>Exactly as you should expect Spent a week here in April 2006; this was my second trip, as I was there for a week's vacation in the late 1990s as well. I can corroborate the various pros and cons listed in the reviews beneath this one, most of which are accurate and depend on one's perspective and optimism. In sum:- The grounds are beautiful and immaculately kept, particularly for a busy family resort. Rooms are spacious and comfortable, although the Westin Heavenly Bed, while large, was less than heavenly (probably due to the sheets).- Staff are almost universally friendly, although many of them are not as helpful as one would hope, and in random ways. The service can be maddening. Among our random gripes: we had a full plate of bathroom items but no shampoo; turndown service ceased without notice halfway through our trip; and the every 15 minutes shuttle bus often felt MIA. Service express button on the phone is a marvel, but it makes you wonder why the rest of the hotel doesn't run as efficiently. - Restaurants are sub-par but not downright bad. We suspected the restaurant managers are not doing their jobs very well, as the wait staff was not sloppy or embarrassing, just not well coordinated. Do expect to wait pretty much every meal. By the end of the week we had inured ourselves.- Facilities are all very good. Two golf courses with a complimentary driving range, 13 tennis courts, two pools with kid-friendly toys, basketball courts, water sports gear, even a big open lawn for playing ball--despite any frustrations with the way the hotel is run, we never lacked for something to do and always enjoyed ourselves.Was it perfect? Nah. But was it resoundingly good? Yep. I'd go back without complaint.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rebeccag52576
<Content>thank god My two best girlfriends and I had an ALL INCLUSIVE vacation scheduled for the PARADISUS... however we found out that was all about to change....thank god for the Rio Mar. At 5:07pm Thursday April 20th a message was left on my answering machine, from Apple vacations stating the PARADISUS had over booked and we were being moved to the RIO MAR. It stated that if I had any questions, I could call my travel agent... I was irate.Knowing nothing about the RIo Mar, and being that I was on my way to the airport, I hunted my poor travel agent down on his cell phone. He did all he could, but the Paradisus had screwed up so badly that there was nothing he could do. We had paid for an all inclusive vacation and that was what we wanted... not even knowing anything about the Rio Mar.We arrived at the San Juan airport to be greated by someone from the Paradisus... making all sorts of empty promises, that EVERYTHING would be included and not to worry about a thing. The Rio Mar was gorgeous, they had a beaultiful beach, which by the way, the Paradisus does not. The staff was incredible and tried to accomodate us as much as possible.... There were a least 100 people in our situation... all greeted with 4 drink coupons a day and named the 2 restaurants we could eat at per meal... A FAR CRY FROM ALL INCLUSIVE. Regardless, I loved the Rio Mar, would stay there again in a heart beat... my adivise, pay for your meals, drinks and everything else, and stay here!!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pbud10
<Content>Wonderful experience We just returned from 6 nights at the Westin. I was anxious after reading the reviews. Luckily, I listened to a friend that visited the Westin in December, and we rented a car from the airport. We too ate in the hotel, which was pricey, and the food was average. The service was excellent even though the hotel was at capacity. The workers were very helpful getting chairs/umbrellas on the beach. The pool was crowded but I've found that to be the case at every family resort. My 11 yr old liked the s'mores by the pool and feeding the iguanas. We had a rainforest view from the 6th floor which was breathtaking. We wanted to try some different restaurants on the island and found Don Pepe's to be very good. We had excellent service and plenty of food which was inexpensive. It doesn't look appealing on the outside, but the food and environment were wonderful. We tried to visit Antojito's which was highly recommended, but it was either closed or crowded. I recommend getting a reservation for this place. It is just a tiny, outdoor, place at the bottom of the hill from the Westin, on the way to Route 3. Many people we encountered either took taxis or rented a car to visit Old San Juan or just to go outside the hotel for dinner. We went into Old San Juan and dined at the Parrot Club which was very good. The Puerto Rican Cafe, Aquavive and the Dragonfly, were also highly recommended. We stopped in the Hard Rock Cafe too. Our visit to El Yunique was wonderful also. We found the people of Puerto Rico to be extremely pleasant and helpful. Our vacation was excellent and I'd gladly go back again.My advice is to rent a car from the airport as the cost of transfers to and from the hotel will almost pay for it! We found Puerto Rico to be safe and venturing from the resort was not a problem.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bigspenderllou
<Content>Read this before checking in! Our family takes a Caribean Holiday each Spring Break (My husband and my two younger teen-aged kids). This year we thought we'd try something different...a larger hotel (more for my 13-year-old to do than our usual boutique hotels). We are used to very nice hotels. I read the previews on this site the night before we left, and many came in handy (and I knew what to expect) However they left me a bit panicked!It started off pretty bad, after a day of traveling we went to check into our ocean front room. We were told that it was being cleaned and to go enjoy a complimentary dinner. My husband was smart enough not to leave the desk, as wiithin the hour there were 20 unplaced families like ourselves. Finally at 7:00pm or so, he pulled the manager aside and said I know no one is checking out at 7:00pm...tell me the truth, you don't have a room for us The manager reluctantly agreed, no ocean front rooms availiable (probably hadn't been any since noon)Sooooo why did they lie to us? keep us waiting? Aggrevate us from the get-go? We went into an ocean View room (perfectly nice). And we spent the next 2 days and several hours trying to get our ocean view Finally we gave up, unpacked and started to enjoy vacation. HOWEVER A NEW PROBLEM AROSE...They didn't want to give us an ocean VIEW price for our Ocean view room It was their error, we were being VERY cool, and three managers kept telling us that our Ocean front rate was too low, that a mistake must have been made, and that was closer to the ocean view rate.Fortunately, we adhered to trip-advisor Rio Mar advice #1: Bring everything in writing GET everything in writing. Even though our original check in for the ocean front went un challenged (when it was being cleaned) 3 days latrer we were asked 4 times by 3 different managers to see the original price in writing. (which we did each time) Now all we wanted was the published difference between the ocean view and ocean front rates. In a hotel with 600 rooms, corporate rates, priceline, hotels etc.... there must be 35 different hotel rates, I can't believe they were surprised at our rate. We were staying 9 nights after easter when typically in the Caribbean seasonal rates go down. Eventually, a great FABULOUS professional named Gabriel, took charge, adjusted the rate to the appropriate level and put it in writing. (plus we got a fruit  wine basket).It all pretty much goes back to what so many have stated on this site, the hotel is Beautiful (as are the grounds) Really as nice as some Four seasons and Ritz'z I've stayed at, AND the PEOPLE were SOOOOOOOO friendly (nicest of any island wev'e stayed at in the Caribean) But orginizationally....they have their heads up their butts. I feel for the front desk people, it has to be more strressful than an air-traffic controller as far as jobs go. There were sooooo many screaming patrons (yet who can blame them). Don't take your frustrations out on the poor desk people, it's not THEIR policy to overbook and bate and switch.The place was family friendly, almost too loud for my taste. Ball- throwing, marco-polo playin, screamin 5 year olds in the quiet pool and adult only hot tub. Lot's of parents afraid to say to their 6-year-olds stop screaming in the hall when people are sleeping The first 3 days of the trip were over easter weekend, and I was a bit panicked. I think because of the Holiday, local day-trippers made up half of crazed crowd. They were all super nice but it created a strain on the already over booked facilities (getting a chair was impossible, a table for lunch, a drink, bathrooms were trashed etc..) However once Monday came (and it was just the sold-out hotel guests) it was quite nice.Truth is, people shouldn't belly ache about the food. Unless your at the Cuisineart resort in Anguilla, it's as good as carribean hotel food gets. NOW comes wacky problem #2, we were told during the check in process that NO HOTEL RESTAURANTS HAD AVAILIABLE RESERVATIONS THE ENTIRE 9 NIGHTS!!!) This WAS a recurring complaint on trip advisor. I envisioned a week of trying to forage for food. The next day we went to the conciergewho booked us in four of the nicer hotel restaurants at prime times (7:00 pmi sh) So what was with the previous day? And YUP, be prepared to pay, but not anymore than other comperable hotels in the islands. We were thrilled beacuse after Easter most resorts close all but one of their restaurants, we had 5 at night to choose from. The Coqui grill was really great, pretty fast (beachside for lunch) stay away from the funky-textured burger. Grouper snwich was fab. Loved the newest restaraunt by the beach villas (agua Luna) and ate there twice. Liked Palio too (and I'm Italian), Liked Shima the Asian place but not so much the entrees (fill up on sushi, rolls and fab appetizers like the ribs and spring rolls.) The Grill at the club house was ho-hum but a ncie change of venue. JUST ATAY AWAY FROM THE ALWAYS OPEN, NO RESERVATIONS NEEDED MARIBEL , even though it was the location of our complimentary meal ....it stunk. Ricks up the hill from the resort had a spectacular view but kinds medicocre food, Antojitos at the junction of the hotel turn off was great and cheap!Loved the lobby bar with latin dancing and mojitos, casino was small but did the job WACKY problem #3 Even though craps tables (my husband's FAV-orite game) are pictured over and over again on the web site and the promotions...there are none. On Saturday night they had 4 wanna-be players for every table spot (not so bad it probably saved us $200 in another nights lost wages). Additional tips: Davids cookies, I wanna buy that particular franchise bust from day until night, Great basketball courts, arcade for kids etc...Cleaning woman was getting stingy with towels and shampoo. There were 4 of us and she'd only leave 3 towels and a mini-bottle every other day. GOOD NEWS, call the service people they come right up with warm towles and a bag full o sundries (mouthwash, bath gel etc...)The heavenly bed thing is just another slightly higher-end hotel chain gimic. They all have their special named beds. It was plenty comfortable, but the bottom 10 inches of the mattressed were not covered with a sheet, day after day the maid literally short sheeted the bed, There is no fear of a lack of tip, because of the hefty built in housekeeping fee already charged.No bed bugs, BUT both my husband and son were eaten alive (and at the time they didn't know it) with some kind of No-se-um sand flies. The bites were the result of evenings out, and didn't show up until hours later, with the worst of the itching day two after being bitten. I know they weren't bedbugs as they were only and ankle/calve thing, and other my other kid and I weren't affected. Makes me wonder about the bed bugs...these were mighty nasty and are still itching my husband here at home, but they are definately not bed bugs. BRINGS LOTS OF BUG SPRAY AND CORTIZONE/ANTI ITCH CREAM. Gym was well equipted but crazy small and cramped. It must have been 87 degrees, you'd give into the heat before you'd wear out aerobically. I started going early afternoon to get a timy spot of mirror at the free weights.All in all a nice enough trip for the money, won't go back as it was a bit to loud and the beaches weren't the white-sand, blue waters we love..  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extravagantly Wonderful Sorry that this review took so long on this marvelous resort. I traveled to the resort with my wife and 3 kids (15,13,10). This resort lived up to all the expectations I had and more. We first arrived on Sunday July 24th at the San Juan Airport. At the baggage claim, we were greeted by a resort representative. We happened to arrive on the day they were working on the highway so a 30 minute drive turned into an hour and 30 minute ride, but the ride was scenic with the mountains and all. We arrived at the resort at 1:00 p.m. We went to check-in and they said our room would be ready in 20 minutes, which was great because standard check-in time was 3:30 p.m. When we arrived in our two bedroom beachfront suite our luggage was already placed nicely in the living room. Our suite was located on the first floor which was convient. It consisted of 2 king sized beds and 2 queens in the living room. The myth about the bug beds is not true the hotel lived up to its heavenly bed with 200 thread egyptian cotton sheets. I recommend the all-inclusive plan which is $100.00 per a person per night because the resorts 6 restaurants might get pricey. Our tripped sadly ended Friday July 29th after 5 fabulous nights. I am a big time business man and have stayed nothing less than the best. I have stayed at the Atlantis Resort in the Bahamas, Sandals, Sun Village Beach Resort and other 5 star resorts in Hawaii, St Thomas, St. Martin, Bermuda , and more this is in the top 3. The only complaint was that you needed to reserve a beach or pool chair by 10:30 because if you didn't you would be out of luck, same with the towels.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>susanPittsburgh_PA
<Content>Great experience! As others have noted, I was extremely anxious about this resort after all the negative reviews here. We have traveled extensively especially in the Caribbean and we settled on this location because of the length of our stay (5 days) and easy flights. I'm pleased to say our stay was great! Was it perfect? No, but very few Caribbean resorts are outside of the Four Seasons at Nevis and Caneel Bay in St. John. This resort is extremely large. We were there over Easter week and it was completely full. Even with that, every service person we encountered had a big smile and tried to be as helpful as possible. Chairs were scarce around the pool areas, but on demand at the beach. My kids had a good time because of all the activities (my sons are 11 and 12). They have a nice gameroom and frequently showed movies at the pool at night with soft drinks and popcorn. My youngest especially loved the nightly bonfire and s'mores!! There is a new highway from the airport (66) so the drive is now under 30 minutes. If you go, try King's Seafood near Fajardo. I recommend this resort highly especially if you have a family!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our family Loved it! We took our 18 month old daughter to the Westin for 7 nights and had a great time! Lots of babies and kids this week. The staff was very friendly and resort always clean. We thought we were getting a mt. view and they gave us the ground floor garden/ocean view which was awesome, easy access to pool area and high ceilings. The heavenly cribs were great compared to other hotel cribs. The food was expensive but good, all resorts have expensive food, when you go to a hotel like this it is expected. The food takes a long time to get to you by the pool but you are on vacation, relax and order a half hour before you want to eat. The beach was wonderful as well as the pools and baby pool. All the kids looked like they were having a great time. Every night there was a bonfire with free smores and bottled water. The only negative about the trip was the 45 minute long bus ride to the hotel but the hotel bus was very comfortable. We didn't leave the hotel all week, if you are looking for a very relaxing vacation at a classy place this is the hotel for you. The resort is gorgeous and we have stayed at some top notch hotels. We will go back to this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cwmmh
<Content>Beautiful resort: Great for families but not so good for couples We just got back from the Westin (stayed there for 4 nights). The resort was lovely, very well-kept, and clean. I'm happy to report: NO BEDBUGS!! The staff was very helpful and accomodating. After much debate, we decided not to rent a car and pretty much were stuck inside the resort. We tried to walk outside of the resort but I wouldn't recommend it: narrow road with speeding cars, not safe at all. We booked the Old San Juan, El Yunque, and Bio Bay Fajardo trips through the hotel. It was expensive but worth it. If given the choice, I would definitely have rented a car. The resort beach was great but was extremely crowded over the weekend. The pool was always crowded. There were kids everywhere! I think we were the only couple without kids there. I was really impressed by how many activities they provide for the kids. As other people have mentioned, the food is very expensive. We only had sandwhiches at the Coqui club. We went to Old San Juan on our second day and loaded up on snacks and canned food. Ask the housekeeping people for bottled water and they'll readily give you as many as you want. Overall, I was very impressed by how beautiful and well maintained the resort was. It's a great place for families with children but as a young couple looking for a quiet getaway, we would not go back there again. If you go there, definitely visit El Yunque. I think that was the highlight of our trip.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very enjoyable vacation!!! Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Westin Rio Mar and like many just returning vacationers, I was a little anxious about going after reading the comments. However, we didn't have one bad experience. Since I made the arrangements, I was very nervous since my wife enjoys 4  5 star hotels. We've stayed at the Atlantis and the Westin is just a step below. We had an absolute wonderful time. Since we had no intentions of leaving the property, we took the modified meal plan (Breakfast  Dinner). We had the breakfast buffet everyday and was so full that it held us until dinner. Palio and The Grille were our favorite restaurants on the property. My wife loved the spa and my son and I had a blast on the wave runners. It was a very relaxing vacation and would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bigalittlee
<Content>Not At This Price Just got back from the Westin Rio Mar on Saturday April 15th, we were there a week. The Hotel property itself is very nice and well kept. The staff that was there was very helpful (more on that in a minute). We had a Mountain View room and it was fine. We were there with our two children 4  9 and the room was fine for all of us. Now the downside All of the on-site restaurants are priced out of site for dinner and none better then Outback. We went to all of them Palio, The Grille Room, Aqua Luna. Our average dinner bill with one bottle of wine was over $250.00 every night. Please keep in mind the kids are eating a hot dog or macaroni and cheese. I read some of the reviews before I started to write this and some of the reviewers state that the hotel is Only 45 minutes from the Airport or Old San Juan. Well, to me that is a pretty long drive. Since the hotel is in the middle of nowhere you pretty much feel like a prisoner of the resort. If it rains while you are down there or if you need a break from the pool, boy are you in trouble. To break up our trip we decided to take a cab ride to Old San Juan..$180.00 round trip. Would have rented a car for the day but the Avis on site had no cars available. All in all there are plenty of places you can spend $4,000 to $5,000 for a weeks vacation and it is my opinion this is not the place. Oh getting back to my above mentioned staffing issues. You could never find a waiter around the pool area and on top of that each restaurant was closed at least 2 nights while we were down there because they did not have the proper staffing levels. I know I may sound a little tough on this place but don't only take my opinion we ended up meeting about 7 couples while we were down there and they all had the same opinion except for the family that golfed. This is what I would call a one and done...but if you can get it for real cheap go for three or four days only. Hope this helps...  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Bandar
<Content>Wished I had stayed longer Absolutely delightful stay. Very nice beach. Children had great fun. Extremely clean, large and bright room. A very nice view of green forest. Staff very friendly. Excellent food. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful place in the Caribbean!! We just returned from the Westin Rio Mar - were there from Apr 1 - 7. Like most, I was hesitant after reading the reviews, but decided to credit the positive ones - especially of late. We were not disappointed. We did not have a single problem. We did check a cooler as carry on luggage (we filled it with our snorkel gear, etc.) which came in handy - as we shopped at the little corner store and purchased pop, liquor, lunch meat, etc. We had most lunches and breakfasts on our beautiful patio. We only ate at Marabella, a couple of dinners and one breakfast - but our food was great, service was perfect. (Rio Mar Burger and Cuban were excellent!) Our check in was uneventful, and although we were staying on Starpoints - the clerk moved us from a ground floor room, to one higher up so we'd have a better view. it was spectacular. The beach was great, the waves were fabuous for boogie boarding (you can buy one for $15 in the gift shop - the day we left, we gave it to a family who was just arriving and they were thrilled!) We spent two 1/2 days in the rainforest and it was great! If you hike down to the La Mina falls, wear your swimsuit - no place to change down there! No kidding about the Sierra Palm concession - the burgers there are to die for. There is a lot of rain, so when it is clear - head to the rainforest. We boogie boarded and snorkeld in the rain. Only when there was a big downpour did it slow us down! We also rented a car, great for running errands, getting around in the rainforest and finding a place to eat outside the hotel if you choose. (I disagree with all the raves about Rosa's in Fajardo - it was mediocre food, hard to find and expensive - but the rolls were good!) The highlight of our trip was the kayak trip through the mangrove swamp to the biolum bay - Mosquito Bay. You meet the guides and kayak right from the marina at Fajardo, it is an easy kayak trip and you get to jump in when you reach the middle of the bay. It is truly awe-inspiring to be swimming in a pitch black bay and be glowing green the whole time! Really - you don't want to miss this. Take the kids - our four year old loved it! The Westin Kids Club was great, staff there was kind and helpful. This is a typical Caribbean resort, drinks and food are expensive. Save where you can and don't sweat the rest... It is a beautiful place, the staff was wonderful, all the time, every where. We will definately return!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SSA
<Content>Would love to go back! My husband and i just got back from a five day trip to the Westin Rio Mar on April 3rd....we absolutely loved it! The hotel is beautiful, and the pools and the beach were the highlight of our trip. I think the fact that we got an amazing deal on cheapcaribbean also made this vacation even better! We rented a car from Avis at the airport, which def was a smart thing to do, because we were able to go the local Kmart and stock up on things like cereal, and bottled water. Room service for breakfast was coming to about $40 for two people....we ended up saving a lot of money. We also did the ATV tour near the rainforest, which we highly recommend for anyone. Remember, bring sneakers because you will get very muddy! I would say if you have a car, contact the Carballi center directly rather than going through the hotel, who charges you $95 per person to rent the ATV's for 2.5 hours. The place is only a five min drive from the hotel and will give you a better deal if you go through them directly. I think they also do the bio bay tours for a much cheaper price (which we were unable to do because of the weather one night.)Old San Juan is only a 45 min drive from the hotel and is a must see for a one day excursion. The forts are beautiful and we had dinner at a new restaurant called Aguaviva...and the food was fabulous.Usually I am the type of person who would not want to go back to the same place twice (because there are so many places to see in the world) but i absolutely would go back to this resort again! my husband and i loved it!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nycityguy
<Content>Bedbugs! I was another bedbug victim. On the second to last night of my stay I was experiencing the worst itching imaginable. I could not sleep for three consecutive nights. On my return to New York I was diagnosed by a dermatologist as having a severe case of bed bug assault. The management was unapologetic and Starwood was unhelpful despite more than a dozen phone calls to their management. Even my request for a refund was denied (I was offered a 3 night future stay at that hotel - I wouldn't go back if they paid me). As it turns out they have been visited by environmental specialists from the Puerto Rico Department of Health about this problem. I would strongly advise anyone considering a stay at Westin Rio Mar to RECONSIDER.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Bellesie
<Content>Was hesitant, but it was great!       Hotel from the beach  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little disorganized I arrived with a large group that was expected. Upon arrival at the check in desk we learned one agent would handle 40 checkins at 3AM (Due to an airline mechanical delay). After getting keys and room number (1 hour later) we found that the room had not been readied for new guests and was in a total mess (beds unmade, towels on the floor, used tissues everywhere).I called the front desk and was put on hold for 20 minutes. After calling again I was told the manager was looking into it. Running back to the front desk and identifying myself as a starwood memeber I was told by the manager he was so sorry and was checking my claim...what he was checking I don't know. Amends were then made with the complimentary ocenfront room for no additional charge. Over 1 hour later room was pleasant, however apparently the records were never changed noting the room change. Every night our electronic keys were disabled and we were constantly told we had checked out. Four days later on the real checkout, room charges were seriosuly wrong and we were told that we were staying an extra day (not comp, just had the dates wrong). Beautiful location, very poor front desk and back office management. They need to get their hotel's operations skills going if they are to succeed.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Scot in America
<Content>Great Resort We were very, very pleased with the Westin Rio Mar. It is clearly one of the top two resorts in Puerto Rico -- the other being the El Conquistador -- and I would actually rate the Rio Mar more highly based on location (45 minutes from San Juan, rather than an hour and a half for the El Conquistador) and the ease of getting to the beach (at El Conquistador, one must take a ferry out to an island, which is not at all convenient and requires more forethought than I am capable of on a vacation!). I am a frequent business and leisure traveler who often stays at Ritz Carlton and Four Seasons properties, and I would put the Westin just a slight notch below such resorts.Advantages: Notwithstanding some of the reviews below, the service was outstanding; the staff was uniformly friendly and helpful, and everything went extremely smoothly during our stay. The resort is also very well-kept and clean, especially for a Caribbean property; a huge army of workers is constantly picking up any loose wrapper, empty cup, or unused towel. The rooms are very nice, with generally good views in Oceanfront or Oceanside rooms. The beach is excellent -- a broad span of golden sand without other properties in sight, and perfect waves for those who like to body surf or boogie board. Each night there is a bonfire near the beach at which guests can roast marshmallows and, with friendly staff assistance, construct s'mores, which makes it unnecessary to order dessert at dinner! The two golf courses are very beautiful and well-kept, and surprisingly quick to get around on for a resort. My wife and I played twice at Rio Mar, and it took us about three hours each round. Both courses are quite expensive ($165 per round), but these greens fees are comparable to those on all of the island's other resort courses. (Note to golfers: I thought the River Course (designed by Greg Norman) was a much more interesting and challenging course than the Ocean Course (designed by Tom Fazio), and the ocean is not as prominent on the Ocean Course as the name might suggest.)Disadvantages: As others have noted, on-resort dining at the Rio Mar is an expensive proposition, though we thought the food was uniformly very good. Dinner entrees at Palio (the Italian place), Shimas (the Asian place) and the Grille Room were $27-40, and, while dinner entrees were cheaper at Club Coqui (a more casual outdoor area near the ocean), the menu was pretty limited. Marbella (the centrally located casual dining place looking out over the ocean) is actually a good dinner option, as it has a very extensive menu with something for adults and kids alike, and a nice atmosphere in the evening (while the room seems a little stark during the day for breakfast and lunch, the lights are dimmed at night for a very nice oceanfront atmosphere). While on-resort dining is expensive, the prices are comparable to and perhaps somewhat less than the El Conquistador down the road. Also, of course, one need not restrict oneself to the resort itself, as there are off-resort restaurants within 5 minutes of the resort in Rio Grande, Palmer, and Luquillo. I would strongly recommend visiting the cheaper and more authentic Puerto Rican places, such as Sandy's Seafood, King Seafood, and Victor's Seafood, all in Luquillo, or Don Pepe's, just outside the resort on Route 3. A must is to try a Mofongo, a traditional Puerto Rican dish consisting of a bowl made of fried mashed plantains filled with seafood or chicken in Creole sauce, which you can get at any of these places. All of the three aforementioned seafood places also have very inexpensive ($15-20) lobster dishes in which a surprisingly large amount of lobster meat is served in at least 10 different ways, from scampi-style, to Cantonese, to garlic sauce.I would say the principal disadvantage of the Rio Mar is that, like the El Conquistador, it sometimes has groups or conventions, which in my view takes away from the ambience of a place (too many loud alcohol-fueled greetings in the lobby, too many slightly overweight people in tank tops acting like they've never been to a nice hotel before). The groups seem to be more prevalent during the weekend than during the week, so if you are planning only a few day's stay, avoid Saturday and SundayTips: 1. Rent a car. You can do El Yunque for free and have the waterfalls to yourself instead of paying an exorbitant amount to take a bus there. We went at 8 in the morning and had the trails and waterfalls to ourselves for three hours. It also allows you to eat off-resort, which can save a bundle, and to go to San Juan and other cities for nothing. Indeed, the rental car virtually pays for itself vis-a-vis the Westin airport bus, which is $27.50 a person each way. 2. Go to a supermarket and buy breakfast stuff on the way into the resort from San Juan. There is free coffee in the room, and a muffin at the onsite coffee place is $3.50 or so. 3. Similarly, consider running out at lunch to buy Subway or BK for the kids rather than paying the high prices at Marbella or the pool. We figure we saved $300 during the week by doing this, which allowed us to focus our spending on alcohol rather than chicken fingers. 3. Definitely spend an afternoon in Old San Juan and have dinner there (we loved the Parrot Club). 4. Don't book excursions through the resort. We went on a Bioluminescent Bay boat trip to Vieques, and it would have cost $140 per peron, with no saving for kids, had we booked through the resort. By booking directly with Island Adventures in Fajardo by telephone, we spent for precisely the same trip, on the same boat, $50 less per adult and $60 less per kid, for a total savings for a family of four of $220. (By the way, I'd highly recommend this trip.)  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tbodz
<Content>Loved the Westin I read the reviews daily of the Westin and I can't believe the awful experience some quests have had. I am sorry that they didn't have a good time. My husband and I spent our honeymoon at the Westin last year and had the time of our lives. We enjoyed every aspect of the hotel. The car trip there was a bit scary as we rented a car from the airport and drove in the worst rain storm I have ever experienced and it seemed like hours but once we arrived at our hotel we were pleasantly surprised. We waited in line for check-in maybe 10-15 minutes and they held our car and prepared our luggage for delivery to our room we were up-graded to a Jr. Suite with an oceanview and could not be happier. They also took my husband's golf clubs directly the the golf clubhouse and held them there the entire trip and even cleaned his shoes and clubs. He also did not recognize them when they brought them out for his golf round. He played twice and enjoyed each course. The room with huge with a two sick bathroom and large shower. We also had a view of the atrium of the hotel and beautiful grounds with the ocean in the backgroud. We then toured the hotel and found it to be huge. The first night there we enjoyed the most amazing sunset we had ever seen. The next day we enjoyed the breakfast buffet which was included in our package daily and every morning we looked forward to the delicous food and fresh fruit and different specials of the day. We did eat at the hotel a couple times. We enjoyed the sushi restraunt which I cannot remember the name and even went back a couple times for the most delicous dessert. (Cheesecake fried) Yum wish I had some now. We mostly ate off the property at Richie's which is right up the mountain from the Westin and has the most awesome view of the island. You can see everything and you feel on top of the world up there. On clear days you can see other islands. We ate there most every night and even made friends with our waiter. Lionel...if you go he's the best ask him what to do around the island for some local culture. We also visted the Rainforest and Old San Juan. The trip to Old San Juan was long with lots of traffic, def a whole day trip and it was a hot day but we were in Puerto Rico and we figured why not. The city is nice with alot of shopping but I wasn't there to shop but to enjoy the island of sun and sand and fun. The rainforest was also a great experience. It was everything I imagined and more. We swam in the falls and enjoyed the hike there and back. We also visited the another hotel the El Conquistador as that was an option when booking our honeymoon and were very glad we chose the Westin. The view is cliffside from the El Conquistador but the hotel was very crowded and not as warm and inviting as the Westin. Also the hotel was packed with people everywhere and felt run down and dirty and we didn't want to have to take the boat back and forth to access the beach everyday. At the Westin the beach is only a couple feet away from the pools (two pools and a waterslide at the Westin) and the hotel and you can access it anytime day or night. All in all we had the best honeymoon and actually thought about staying a few extra days and the staff was nothing but helpful with this request and offered us a great rate BUT we had to come back to reality. If you are planning on visiting the Westin please take this review into consideration. Remember nothing is perfect but the Westin was a great experience and I would visit again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Magz1105
<Content>Terrible, absolutely terrible. Worst Westin experience ever. We stayed at the Westin Rio Mar in Puerto Rico for 5 nights in mid-March. A family of 4, including two young children under 5. It was terrible, absolutely terrible. The rooms were shabby and unkept. We were guaranteed an ocean front room since we are Starwood Preferred. However, when we arrived the hotel was at 100% occupancy and we were relegated to a tiny room with a view of the parking lot. Room service took on average an hour. Not fun with two starving toddlers and parents in desperate need of COFFEE! Housekeeping did not clean our room until we called and complained. The food was an absolute rip-off and not good. We drove to Old San Juan for a day trip. The trip - thanks to the Puerto Rican traffic - took almost 2 hours. From hotel to airport took an hour. Traffic everywhere. The island is dirty. We did enjoy our day in the rainforest. I would not go back. We've stayed at the Westin at Our Lucaya in the Bahamas and would highly recommend that resort.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent resort, excellent service.       Main lobby looking toward the beachfront.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Vacation What a great place to take a family. The Westin Rio Mar offered everything we were looking for in a family get away. We went for 8 days and stayed at one of their beautiful villas. The Westin has excellent pools, a playground, beautiful grounds and a great beach. The beach can be a bit rough when the tide comes in, but the service at both the pool and beach were perfect. The overall service was the best I have experienced in Puerto Rico. Very attentive and friendly. The restaurants on property where excellent- especially Palio (Italian Restaurant). The pool/beach food was okay, but more than adequate for poolside.The golf course was great and well groomed. Busy on the weekends, though weekday's were no problem. Not much of a casino, though that was not really what the Westin Rio Mar is trying to provide to its clientele.A couple of issues during the trip was that the air conditioning broke down for a day, though was fixed within 24hrs (not bad for the carribean). Outside of that and a $13 hamburger that was overcooked, the vacation was awesome.Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PennAndUCLAGrad
<Content>Not the best for 20-30 somethings, but still nice We got an amazing deal online, just before the X-Mas rush. I think the Ocean Front room was only $145/night. It helps if you have a Starwood account...they upgraded me even though I had very few points. The rooms were fine: clean, sizeable, nice bathrooms. They seemed to have missed a few steps in the Heavenly Bed though, because it wasnt nearly as cushy as ones I've slept in in Westins on the mainland. The beach is pretty nice, and lounge chairs are provided by the hotel (some hotels dont own their beachfront and you have to pay a local for a day rental). This was NOT the place for 3 30 year old women who wanted to have fun. We werent looking for wild  crazy, but a little more action would have been nice. On our first night we met some guys close to our age, but they left the next day and it was all families and couples after that. It's also not super easy to go out around the hotel. Local places werent advised, and San Juan is at least a 45 minute drive. We rented a car one evening and went to San Juan (cheaper than a cab ride). I echo the others on the food -- it was totally mediocre and seriously overpriced. Their breakfast buffet is good, but lunch and dinners are pretty bad. The concierge has a bunch of menus for restaurants that are just taxi rides away. However -- things slow down and the taxis are hard to get after 8pm, so you cant take your leisurely time after a day on the beach, if you want to leave the property. Overall we had a great time because we did need a good relaxing trip, but I definitely wouldnt go back to this location. The best thing I've done in 2 trips to PR is visit Flamenco Beach. You have to take a ferry -- ask the concierge. And, go on a weekday!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin del Mar-Budget buster. Watch your Wallett!!. This hotel has an amazing ability to to empty it in a hurry. The room rates you see posted are just the base rates. there are atleast 4 other surchrges attached to it, such as tourist tax, maid tax, service charges(even if you do not need any service), sales tax etc which swell the amount you actually pay by atleast 3o%. The restaurants serve mediocre fare by indiffrent waiters. Indifference is the prevailing attitude everywhere starting at registration. They know that you are stuck with them the moment you arrive and they can get away with treating you badly since you cannot leave and go to the hotel next door since there is nothing next door. The strange system of unloading your bags from the car or the shuttle needlessly delays you at the registration after a tiring journey. The concierge charges you for any transportation he/she arranges such as a local restaurant and if you are not careful, the shuttle driver charges you again for the same service-a shameless act of double dipping. Scrutinize every item on your bill. This hotel is for rich folks who do not mind these attempts at stealing. Tourists on a budget should avoid it in spite of its good location and private beach access.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a GREAT time!!!!!       Beach area  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marylandtraveler
<Content>pleasant but mixed quality resort My wife and I traveled to the Westin with our two children and two friends (all four in early twenties) in early March 2006 for 3 nights. We found that the Westin is beautifully set, with a wonderful beach cooled by ocean breezes, and a collection of excellent pools of various sizes.the westin is pretty isolated. while my wife and i were perfectly happy to hang out at night at the hotel, I do not think the twenty-seomthings were all that thrilled about it.during the day, the resort was fine. we also were a short drive (25 minutes or so) from El Yunque rainforest, where we hiked one afternoon to a beautiful waterfall.We did not find the Westin staff to be uniformly helfpul; some were, and some were not. the concierge was the least helpful concierge I have ever seen in a major hotel--impatient, uninformative and occaisonally brusque. virtually all of the restuarnat wait staff were helfpul and friendly.I do not think I would want to stay there for more than 3 nights. We went off the resort for dinner in San Juan one night, which was great.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dian
<Content>Trip report for Villas of Westin Rio Mar - long We spent 7 nights in a 1 bedroom beachfront villa at the Villas of Westin Rio Mar. The unit was immaculate and had a nice view. It was very well stocked , with lots of towels and a washer dryer. WE were in the building closest to the Westin, which was a plus for us because my 13 yr. old wanted to hang out by their beach. We brought along my son's boogie board, for there are waves by this beach. (not rough, though) 1ST DAY - arrived in the afternoon, picked up our rental from National ($229 for a Ford Taurus to include tax) and made the drive to the villas. After checking in, unpacked and headed out to the beach. It seems a lot of restautrants are closed Mon and Tue, so one should know that in advance. We ate at Brass Cactus in Luquillo and loved the skirt steak. Absolutely delicious.2ND DAY - Just hung out by the beach and relaxed. Walked over to the Westin beach and hung out there. The drinks at the outside bars are good, but pricey. I ordered a fruit salad, but returned it beacause the fruit was terrible and not ripe. The burger was much better. That evening, we ate at Aqua Luna at the villas and loved it. My husband and I ordered Red Snapper and it was great. For dessert, the chocolate decadance cannot be missed.3RD DAY - Since my son got really burnt, we decided to forgo the beach for a few days. We drove to the Bicardi Rum factory (an event) and took the free tour. It was fantastic and very informative. They give each person a coupon for a free drink and we took advantage of that. The drinks were really good and they'll make whatever you want. Try the Bicardi vanilla with passion fruit juice. We ate at Lolita, which is a Mexican restaurant on route 3 between Luquillo and Farada. The margaritas are the best and food cheap and good. Make sure to try the cheese flan. 4TH DAY - We drove to the rainforest, which is very close to the Westin. My personal feeling is not to take a tour. It's more fun to go drive and that way, you can choose what you want to see. We hiked to the waterfalls and took off our sneakers and got wet. My son went completely in and had a ball. It's so beautiful. For dinner, we drove to Rosa's in Farado(got lost, so make sure you have specific directions) and loved it. The rolls are to die for. I could have eaten a dozen of them. My husband and I had the lobster and my son had the skirt steak. Both were delicious. Don't forget flan for dessert.5TH DAY - Hung out by the beach and had dinner at King's restaurant. This place was recommended by some of the people from the smorkel trip. It was a no nonsense fish place that gets a lot of locals. I had fried snapper, my husband shrimp and my son skirt steak. All was good and reasonable. Had flan for dessert.6TH DAY - Went on a snorkel trip with East Island Excursions. If you book thru the Westin, they charge more. We booked thru the concierge at the villas. Originally, booked for the trip to Culebra Island, but the water was rough that day, so we didn't go there, but closer islands. They refunded $20/person for this. The staff was fantastic and lots of fun. The snorkeling was good and we all had a great time. The buffet lunch consisted of cold cuts, tuna salad, pasta salad, etc. Also, included was free sodas and pina coladas (not frozen) and rum punch. We came back exhausted. For dinner went to Las Vegas, which was recommended by the villas. I was hesitant, due to the name. I thought it would end up being touristy, but that wasn't the case. The food was excellent. For dessert, had a pear soaked in red wine. My husband said it was the best dessert he ever had, and that's coming from someone that works in NYC and gets taken out to really nice restaurants for business. 7TH DAY - Just spent the day at the Westin beach, since it was our last. Relaxed, had a couple of frozen drinks (try the ziggy zaggy) and basically just chilled. For dinner went to Metropol, a cuban restaurant. It was just ok, and the only meal we didn't love. Overall, I loved staying in Rio Grande. Personally, I probably wouldn't stay at the Westin hotel, for people complained about the size of the room and the food. But being in a villa right next door, was perfect. There was always a nice breeze at the beach, that kept it from feeling so hot. The people of Puerto Rico are fantastic and so friendly. The food is good and relatively inexpensive by NY standards. There are always negative comments about the crazy driving here from people returning from a visit. It wasn't bad and no worse than Boston, and definitely better than NYC. Overall, we loved our vist and would definitely go back again. It's the 1st time I ever came back with money, instead of going to an ATM for more.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AKR1
<Content>We had a great time We stayed for a few days last week and had a great time. I am a Starwood Platinum member and got an upgrade to a beautiful oceanfront room. The beach, which was the main reason we chose the Westin over the El Conquistor was exceptional, with beautiful golden sand and warm water. We hung out and ate at the beach, the drinks were nice (although expensive at $10 for a Mojito), the kids loved the whole beach experience after snowy NYC. We also really enjoyed the rain forest which is literally 8 minutes drive from the hotel. If you like to hike you will be in heaven and its completely free if you have your own car (the Westin rips you off witha $35 charge pp to take you there.We also ate at the Sushi restaurant which I did not want to, but the kids forced me; I was expecting nothing, being a serious sushi person, but it turned out to be much better than I expected.Finally, to address the service. Yes, when a resort in the Caribbean is 96% full, service can be slow and undoubtedly they were incompetent on a few occassions. But the attitude was very nice. Once our room service breakfast did not show up for an hour plus. I called and told them we were leaving and the lady said please don't it will up shortly and there will be no charge. The service on the beach was slow, on one day, part of our order never showed up but two waiters came by to apologise. Look if you are picky and want exceptional service don't go. I saw several American women really upset and becoming obnoxious because of the slow (and at times incomptent) service.For us however, the attitude of the staff is the key to an enjoyable experience and they were all very nice.In summary, great resort, nice people, unfortunately the service infra-structure tents to get overloaded and that slows things down.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cdsimon
<Content>A mixed blessing We just got back after spending a week at this facility. There were some very good things and some very bad things.We booked 2 adjoining club level ocean view rooms in October 2005 for a Febuary 2006 stay. They took my deposit and I received a confimation for ocean view club rooms. About a week before my trip I received a surprise email from the facility confirming my standard mountain view rooms!!! When I called to complain, I was told that they discontinued the club level service but they rebooked us in a similar rooms. Upon check-in, we were given adjoining rooms on the ground floor next to the elevators. I was furious and was told that they tried to accomodate us but the hotel was packed. (so much for booking 4 months in advance!!!)The food, as you can read in many of the other reviews, is sub-par and very expensive for what you are getting. The $19 per person breakfast buffet is just stealing your hard earned money. $80 for breakfast for a family of four adds up after a while. The asian themed restaurant is very bad. Service is very bad and the menu is a joke. If you are a sushi fan and eat at sushi restaurants often, you will die laughing at this menu. The $9 california roll could have come from our local supermarket.On the good side, the place is beautiful. The pools clean. The two hot tubs were fun. The nightly bonfire gave the place an enchanting smell.Housekeeping was very good. Our rooms were clean.The entire facility (except the casino) is very clean.The concierge is very professional and helpful. The best service at this hotel came from the concierge. Snorkeling trips, rainforest tours, and an ATV trip through the jungle were all awesome and were professionally arranged by the concierge.If you come here, rent a car (for access to good food). If you have an Avis car, parking is only $5 per day.I would stay here again as long as I could make sure I was getting the room I requested and ate every meal out of the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>please read this if you are going My husband, 4 and 6 year old just got back from 5 days at the Westin Rio Mar. Things to keep in mind in reading my review: 1. we stayed during school mid-winter break when every other family in the country travels, and 2. my standard of excellence for a Caribbean resort is the Atlantis in the Bahamas, which i think is incredible for children and adults. We have also stayed at the Starfish Trelawny in Jamaica, which i found sub-par. We have not been to any of the top top hotels i.e. Ritz Carltons.ACCOMODATIONSWe had an ocean view room which has a side view of the ocean. if you want full on, get ocean front. the room was fine and clean but my son was definitely allergic to something in there, he was coughing all night. if you take a shower around 5pm when everyone else is, having left the beach/pool, the water is warm, not hot.POOL/BEACHThe pools are nice and well-maintained but i don't think they were heated. it was fine for my kids but i found it a bit cold. the beach is nice but the water's rough, definitely had to hold my kids' hands to wander in even a little bit. this is key: people get up at 6:45am going to save the key seats by the pool under the umbrellas. it got kind of ugly but if you don't go out early, you'll be far from the pool. around the perimeter of the pools are beautiful cabanas that are covered. if possible, see if you can reserve one in advance. if not, do it the second you get there with the towel clerk outside. the hot tub is the hottest i've ever felt which was fine once i got in but the kids found it too hot.CASINOOne small room. Not a casino for real gamblers.FOODOK, this is where it all falls down. I was assured on the day before I arrived that I could book my dinners once I got there but I was not able to get anything until the third night of my stay. There are three restaurants on the ground floor: Shimas, Palio, and Marbella that all SHARE THE SAME KITCHEN. and therefore, all the food that came out of it was equally MEDIOCRE and the selection extremely limited. And the prices are outrageous. It choked me to pay more for a steak at this hotel than at a top Manhattan restaurant. Marbella is the restaurant where you go if you have no reservations. this is where they have the breakfast buffet. the best thing about it was the fresh oranges, grapefruit, and papaya. everything else was standard fare. they would do well to offer a dinner and lunch buffet a la marketplace at the atlantis where you had a huge selection of foods and desserts. Shimas is the Asian restaurant. the only good thing about it was the fresh noodles they used in the low mein. but everything was sweet. that's not asian as far as i'm concerned. Palio is the upscale Italian joint. the food, was again mediocre.if you can, go to one of the restaurants off-site, which we didn't do because we were too lazy. We were told that Las Vegas is excellent and Don Pepe.SERVICEThe service was fine. WE only had one waiter that was memorable. Jose at Shimas.SIGHTSEEINGTo visit El Yunque, which is the only thing close to the resort, is free, if you rent a car. if you go on the hotel tour, it's $38 per adult with a 10% discount for kids. the rental cars were sold out so we decided to take a cab. We got a 15 pax van and were told it would cost $200! When i went to the concierge she explained that only certain taxis were authorized to enter the rain forest. We got it down to $150 and paid the insane price because we were all packed up and ready to go and the kids were excited. in the end, it was a nice way to go because our driver was a local and took us to places the other tourists didn't go, like a pair of waterfalls that you have to hike a little to get to. the view from the tower is breathtaking.Despite everything I've written above, we had a good time because the kids enjoyed it so much. but if i had my choice, i'd go back to atlantis in a heartbeat. hope that's helpful.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It looks like a Westin, but it doesn't feel like a Westin Beware: If you are used to good service, avoid at all costs!An idea of what we're used to:Aman Resorts, Four Seasons, Ritz-Carlton, Grace Bay Club, other WestinsWe were expecting this level of service and food and decor and we were sorely disappointed on all counts except decor.The natural beauty was lovely and the hotel lobby was nice.Check-in was smooth, but our room was a freezing 65 degrees when we got there and we could not see the ocean from our ocean-view room. Service at every restaurant visited was sometimes friendly and consistently bad, with the exception of The Grill Room, which did have pretty good service but the food was mediocre at best, and was way over-priced.In general, the worst thing about the hotel is that the food is not good and it's not cheap. I suppose the prices are standard for a Westin, but the quality was way sub-par. I want to see healthy sandwiches, fresh innovative salads, warm food at the breakfast buffet, interesting and creative entrees that utilize fresh, local ingredients and that at least taste decent.....please, I just got home yesterday and I can't wait to eat my own food, not another mediocre, greasy or overcooked or bland meal!! Poolside....hamburgers and boring sandwiches that come to you in a STYROFOAM BOX! And don't think that food is coming quickly, give yourself 1 to 2 hours to wait!!!Palios.....Bland salads with bottled dressing on the side! Greasy and yet somehow tasteless pasta, where a waiter actually recommended KORBEL as their so-called champagne!! I almost ran when I heard that!Shimas.... a joke all-around....over-cooked, again tastes like sauces are from a bottle, a menu that will bore you to tears, ridiculously poor service!Acqua Luna....decent food and fun, nice ambience but we did not know who our waiter was until he gave us the check! And the real treat is Marbella.......worst breakfast buffet I've ever seen....the hot food actually comes out COLD! and don't expect anyone to be sympathetic to your plight....you know, cold pancakes with corn syrup, un-ripe fruit, bland bagels, nobody even notices you have been seated, and when they do, they still ignore you....no, no, no management in the restaurant will be quite upset with you if you complain.....well, what was the problem today maam?!after complaining about these and many other detail type things, we received a room upgrade, which made our stay much more pleasant as the view was truly beautiful.....(and I hate to say it, but it was noisy)but the list is ever so long of things that ticked us off:rude management at the pool, unprofessional staff in general, late house-keeping service, embarrasingly bad wine lists, over-crowded, NOISY, NOISY, NOISY, loud-speakers at the pool along with really bad music, dirty public restrooms, rude hostesses, a shower that has low pressure and is often cold, the hotel has that club-med kind of cheezy, trying to be fancy but not quite cutting it feel (and the clientel to go with it)...if the Westin is going in this direction, they better cut the prices and change their name!these may sound like petty complaints but at those prices, I do not wish to feel like I am part of a cattle herd!!If you are looking for serene or elegant, don't bother.If you are looking for fine cuisine and excellent service, do not go to the Westin Rio Mar!If you are expecting to find your needs anticipated and to feel pampered and special, go elsewhere!!In essence, it seems their goal is to herd in as many people as possible and get them to spend as much as possible. It is a reactive-service oriented hotel, where complaining gets you upgrades, comped meals, etc but there is no apparent effort whatsoever to make things luxurious or wonderful for the guests without the guests specifically complaining about things!I would never return to the Westin Rio Mar and discerning guests are advised to avoid it if at all possible!With 2 small children, all I wanted was to feel pampered and relaxed and really taken care of (especially when spending thousands and thousands of dollars) but what I got was stress and waiting and insults and chasing pool servers!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>KatwomanWA
<Content>Expect Nothing, Receive Nothing We booked this hotel as a get away before a cruise. ***WARNING ONE***, the hotel is very very far away from the airport, the cruise docks, and Old Town. Don't think that you will stay here and leave the resort to walk around the town - there isn't really anything that you'd want to see you are so far away from everything. We booked several months in advance and paid a large sum to have a club room with breakfast, a balcony, and a ocean view room. ***WARNING TWO*** Ocean View rooms are not facing the ocean, they are perpendicular to the ocean. If you want parallel, book an Ocean Front. We checked in, got to our room and had two small windows, no balcony, and a partial view of the ocean. We asked to be moved. We were told ok, but later. After two more trips to the front desk, we were told we couldn't be moved until the next day. After two more visits to the front desk the next day, we were finally moved, we were moved to a lesser room (1/2 the price) with two double beds (we had booked a king room), peeling paint, and hair in the bathroom. But, we finally had a balcony. Upon checkout, the hotel had charged us for breakfast, which was allegedly included in the rate, and shuttle service, which we had already paid for. ***Warning Three*** The buffet breakfast is $19.00 a person! We were then called a liar about breakfast being included in our room rate and asked to produce proof - on the spot. After threatening to raise a stink, the charges were removed. We checked out, took our cruise, and returned home to find all $200 worth of charges were put back on the bill. A month later, after about 5 e-mails and 3 phone calls, they were finally removed from my charge card. ***Warning Four*** Don't pre-pay for anything!!! We feel that the charges were removed at the hotel to shut me up and then re-charged once we left. At no point did the hotel attempt to make up for their booking error nor did they attempt to compensate us for having spent 1.5-2 hours at the front desk trying to fix the situation. The grounds of the hotel were very nice and if you get a good rate on the other rooms, go for it. But I wouldn't pay over $200 a night for this hotel and I certainly wouldn't book any services or inclusions through them directly. You'll get a huge hassle and headache. The food at the hotel was mediocre for the Marbella restaurant and poor for the Asian themed restaurant. These were the only two places we ate. Not what we espected for a Westin nor for a 4-star location. The restaurants are not Vegetarian friendly if you like good food. The staff ranged from incredibly friendly to incredibly cookie-cutter and uncaring. Poorly trained and with no apparant management, any problems are dealt with less than one expects at the price we paid for our room. Our problem with this hotel was not expecting something for nothing, but was expecting getting what we paid for and when we didn't get it, having a chorus of shoulders shrug at our concerns. We tried to be nice  patient about it from the get go - perhaps throwing a fit would have worked better.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>David71
<Content>Bedbugs! Hotel was okay, if terribly remote. For a short stay it was fine, but the rest of the island is almost inaccessible unless you have a car. But there are enough restaurants and things to do, and the service is attentive. Our big problem was that when I got home, I had blotches on my chest and arm and neck. My dermatologist advised me that I'd been bitten by bedbugs. The hotel was less than forthcoming when I called to let them know (so they could fumigate the room and spare other guests this inconvenience). I called the Starwood headquarters and they managed to extort an apology from the Rio Mar management. Obviously, we're unlikely to return. (Theirs was the only bed beside my own that I'd been in for at least a month, so there was no question where I was bitten.)  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family vacation We loved the Westin Rio Mar. We went to celebrate my birthday. We had a great rate of $150 per night and at check in we were upgraded to a 3rd floor room overlooking the beach and the pool (best view ever for the price!). My husband mentioned that it was my birthday and they sent a cake and bottle of wine to our room! May is a great time to visit, there weren't many other guests and we had no problem getting a seats at the pool and on the beach. Rent a car its worth it. If traveling with children, stop on the way in and pick up drinks and pool noodles. Found them to be well worth the $1.00!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lemonjuicer
<Content>a great place to spend the week! we just returned from 7 nights at the Westin Rio Mar and generally we were very pleased with it. we had an oceanfront king room which was clean and in good order and conveniently located on the mezannine level. we traveled with our 2 small children and were provided a crib upon request. this hotel is very convention driven so our first 6 days, when the conventionists were attending meetings, the pool area was wonderful - empty and quiet. you could sit anywhere and there were no shortages of lounge chairs or umbrellas. on our last day a new group came in for a strictly pleasure trip and the pool area was mobbed leaving no available seating. * the hotel, while quite large, is very conveniently laid out, compared to the Westin St. John. * the beach is great but the surf breaks very close. small children may not like to go in the water. * i found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. the nightly bonfire folks are wonderful! * we ate a few breakfasts at marbella's and a few from david's cookies located near the casino entrance on the lobby floor. * we ate all dinners and all but one lunch out of the hotel. it's a short drive to luquillo for good food. especially good is Lolita's for Mexican food. * my husband found the dive shop personnel to be very unknowledgable. they could not say where the dives would be on any day. * housekeeping was not the best. they tooks our robes and didnt like to give us soap. * my biggest complaint - weak cocktails...we are planning to return to this hotel next year.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Depending on your attitude, was a nice few days to relax We were in PR for a few days to get away from the NY winter. We split our week at the Westin and the Ritz in SJ.I saw from some of the reviews that people were unhappy with the service but we did not encounter any problems. The staff we met were friendly. There was a conference when we checked in on the 1st but they had at least 5 people behind the counter so we did not wait long.We had 1 King and 1 double (for my inlaws). The rooms were cleaned each day and turned down at night. Both were oceanfront as I was upgraded since I'm a Gold level for Starwood. I would say that I have been in better Westins but I came for the weather/beach/pool so it didn't bother us. We brought our 18 month old son and he loved the pool and beach. The staff at the pool/beach were helpful. We all enjoyed the pool. It rained in the morning but was beautiful by afternoon. We had the buffet breakfast at Marbella each morning and the food was good, no problems. We had lunch at the outdoor cafe, again basic food, nothing special. We drove out each night for dinner so can't comment on the restaurants. We did hit the hotel bar which was nice.When we checked out they did mess up the bill for the valet parking but otherwise it was quick and efficient.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning: Not up to Westin Standards- Avoid the Hassle My husband and I stayed at this property for two days (I am typing this review from the property). I read the reviews on tripadvisor before I booked, and thought-- hey this is a Westin- can it really be that bad? If you care about service- yes- it really is a hassle.I am a Starwood Gold member who has numerous stays at the Westins in San Fran, Vancouver, and Portland over the last two months. This hotel, however, is inferior compared to those properties. Although the grounds are very nice- nice beach, pools, etc, the service is consistently very poor.When we arrived we received a room with two double beds instead of our requested king- not a big deal to me (I can live with that)- the hotel says they can't guarantee king beds. Next, when we entered the lobby, there were 4 people arguing with a member of management about why they didn't have a room that night. There were three staff members behind the desk- apparently they weren't trained well enough so that they all needed to work together on one reservation even though there was a large line of people. After waiting in line with a few other angry customers, I was told that the key machine was out of service and that I couldn't get a key for my room. A staff member took us, as well as other guests up to their rooms and let us in with his master key. We were told they would bring a key up to us when the machine was fixed (estimated time 10 minutes). About 45 minutes later in our room, I went down to the front desk to inquire- all three staff members were standing around talking amongst themselves; they told me- oh sure we forgot to bring your key up. After calling the corporate Starwood preferred guest 1-800 number about the poor service, I did receive a call from hotel management offering a discount on the room, which was nice. The hotel was overbooked for the past two days, but again, many of the restaurants on-site were closed. Beware of the service at Shimas it was terrible. My husband requested tea four different times, and he was finally brought the tea at the end of the meal. We were charged for an extra drink, and when we told her she didn't bring it, she tried to argue with us. In fact, she never even checked on us during the entire meal. I overheard conversations at the conceirge desk, and in line at the front desk that others were not happy with the service. The couple in front of me at the conceirge desk had a few of their dinner reservations lost. I called down to the dive shop at 4:30 p.m. to see when they closed as I wanted to buy some merchandise for the next day. The staff member told me they closed at 6:00 p.m., when we went down at 5:25 p.m. they had already closed. It seems to be the norm here, that the service throughout the hotel-- front desk, shops, and restaurant staff-- is consistently poor. Our stay at this property was quite brief as we hiked the rainforest for one entire day, and the next day we were gone from 9-5 for a snorkel trip. It is surprising that even though we spent so little tiime here, we had so many problems. I've never had any problems at other Westins. One positive- they do have a firepit where they roast marshmallows and have smores (free of charge) from 7-10pm. The two staff members here were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Overall, I'd strongly recommend another property and to avoid the hotel's restaurants.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>caharnett
<Content>Westin Rio Mar Worth the Trip My friend and I just returned from 6 days at the Westin Rio Mar. Since we consulted with the Tripadvisor site before making our plans, I felt we should follow-up.Our review would summarize many of the other review here:1) The staff is warm, friendly and generous with their help, advise and desire to please and see you have a great time. William at the front desk, Omar at the pool, Angel at curbside and with the tours are special standouts...not to mention the staff at the Mandara Spa: Freddy and Carlos, the massage therapists, Alexis at the front desk, and Hilda who greets you, makes you feel comfortable, etc. The room was well-serviced and the staff allowed us a delayed check-out since we had a late flight home.2) Make certain to go up to El Yunque as well as the bio-eco kayak tour through the bioluminescent bay. Two outstanding experiences whether you arrange them through the hotel or on your own.3) The hotel room is better than average although not up to typical Westin mainland standards. We had an oceanfront room and the view from the 7th floor was outstanding.4) The restaurants are limited but the food is average to better than average. This is largely a convention hotel so make certain to make dinner reservations early in the day or the day before. Not all the restaurants are open every night. Consider going off property. The staff will give you recommendations. Bamboo is wonderful and a great value.5) The sand on the beach is not up to typical Caribbean standards but just look out at the water. The view is wonderful!6) Enjoy yourself and remember you're on vacation ;)  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Westin Rio Mar My husband and I stayed at the Westin Rio Mar Jan 26 - Feb 1. I have read all of the bad reviews, and you would think that we stayed in a different hotel. Most of the staff went out of their way to say hello and deal with any problems we had. The restaurants that are not located in the hotel are just a five minute ride away on the shuttle bus that runs constantly. The food was very good, and so was the service.The only complaint that we would have is it is a little pricy. If you eat at marbellas for breakfast expect to pay about 45.00 for just two people, that includes the tip. try the strawberry daqueries at the bars,they are outstanding.and the grilled lobster tail at the grill room was also very good.my husband and i mostly looking to relax, so we spent most of our time on the beach or by the pool relaxing. when it was raining there was always a comfortable place to sit in the hotel,and look out their many windows. we did take a trip into old san juan that was very nice. we got to see alot of sights,and the guide was very entertaining. I do not recomend going into san juan without a guide. they drive like maniacs. all in all our trip was very relaxing. there is plenty to do if you want to pay the money for the excursion. anything from snorkleing to riding horses in the rainforest.we would definately go back to the westin rio mar!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shir Hayam
<Content>Disappointing Stay My husband and I spent two nights here at the end of January following a Caribbean cruise. I'm sure my impressions are colored by the fact that the weather was not very good and we were used to all the activities and dining choices of a Celebrity cruise. Although we had requested a king size bed, we were given two doubles. But this was quickly resolved and we were moved to another room with a king bed. Our biggest complaint is that there was not a lot to do given the bad weather. Only one restaurant (Marbella?) was easily accessible for lunch when we arrived. The food was okay, certainly not outstanding. A couple of the other restaurants near the hotel itself were closed. The casino is very small, but just about the only thing to do in the evening if you don't care for the lobby bar music.We had a rental car and on our one full day there and drove to El Yunque. That was a fantastic experience, despite the rain. (It is the rainforest, after all)! We then drove around the Eastern end of the island and had a very good dinner at a local Puerto Rican restaurant (Metropol) where we appeared to be the only mainlanders there.All in all, the Rio Mar is not a place I would be eager to return to, especially if I were paying for it rather than using Starwood points.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Westin...minor problems My husband and I stayed at the Westin Rio Mar and love it. I wasn't going to write a review but some of the commnets on this site are soo harsh, I had to respond. First of all, you get what you pay for. We purchased the spa package which allowed us a one hour spa treatment daily. (We were there for ten days). The massages were exceptional, though sometimes they forgot about our appointment and we had to wait for another opening. We stayed in the Atlantic Suite. In one word: Outstanding!!!! The view was to die for. Full ocean view with private balcony. We had breakfast on our private terrace every morning. One minor complaint: For such an outstanding suite, the actual bedroom was tiny and dark...tucked in a corner with one small window. They should work on that.We enjoyed the water sports and the service at the beach bar was outstanding. The casino was not!(The casino at Nevada's airport is larger.) Beyond that, the staff was attentive and outstanding.. room service was prompt and one of the attendants sort of became our private butler. When my husband forgot his wallet in the suite. (After we checked out and were at the airport preparing to go home.) We called the butler directly at the hotel. He located the wallet and mailed it back to us in the U.S. All money and i.d.'s were intact. The concierge was very nice and arranged a charter for us to spend the day in St. Thomas. We did rent a car and drove to Old San Juan to visit the fort. Once again the staff was helpful with directions. Don't miss a trip to the rain forest, it's worth it! We also drove to another local beach in one of Puerto Rico's neighborhoods. It gave us a real chance to see how the natives live. We stayed at the Westin Key Largo for our honeymoon four years ago and fell in love with it. We would love to go back to the Westin. We loved it and highly recommend you go.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kantrli
<Content>A warm December       The beach view from the golf course  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Second and last time at Rio Westin Mar My husband and I stayed at the Westin Rio Mar Jan 8-12, a trip provided by his company. This was our second trip there, the first being in 1999, also provided by his company. We have to agree with some of the other reviewers that this is the worst example of a Westin Hotel we have ever experienced. We generally like the Westin brand, but our room at the Rio Mar and the management/staff there can not be compared to any of our other experiences. As with other reviewers on this site, they could not accomodate our request for a king-size bed with an ocean view. They told us they would do everything they could to get us one, but then never even had the courtesy to let us know that they could not deliver. A simple we're sorry, but... would have been understood and the professional thing to do. We later found out that another couple who had requested the same type of room after we did, were accomodated. Our mountain view room was showing signs of wear, missing the area rug that normally goes under the bed,no robes,holes in the towels, room service trays left in the halls all day, noise and fumes from buses idling under the portico, AC that ran all day and night and rude service from the restaurant on the beach all add up to a resort that should not be touting itself so highly. The outdoor areas, beach and pools are still well maintained and attractive, and the Palio restaurant was very good, but all in all, if we had been paying for this hotel ourselves, we would have checked out (we almost did anyway). We have also stayed at the El Conquistador previously, and were wishing that we could have gone back there instead of the Rio Mar.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ewcarter36
<Content>Not Bad, But Not Great Either I definitely think some of the reviews on this site are a little harsh because while we definitely had some complaints the overall experience was not bad and I had a nice time. I recommend visiting the El Yunque forest as well as a local restaurant called the Bamboo Room (I think). The food was excellent, service was delightful and the entertainment was great. Probably easiest to make a list of pluses and minuses:Pluses:- Room was gorgeous, well appointed and clean. Room service was excellent and brought plenty of clean towels, non-allergic pillows and even a light bulb when we noticed one of the lamps was not working. We stayed in a regular garden view room one night and a suite the next two.- Staff was very friendly.- Beach was very nice, especially for swimming.- Pools/hot tubs were gorgeous and clean (definitely not dirty).- The food at the hotel restaurants, while expensive, was very good.- The golf course, although I did not play, was gorgeous. The grounds of this hotel are very well kept and reminded me of South Seas Plantation in Florida.Minuses:- We couldn't get the concierge to either help us in person or return phone calls. A request to make a dinner reservation was forgotten. I don't blame the staff but clearly there are not enough people employed in this capacity to cater to guest needs. - You MUST make reservations every night for dinner or else they'll make you wait until 10 - even if there are available tables. - It is next to impossible to get a drink at the Tiki Bar by the pool, and the waitress service takes forever.- I had a hard time getting drinks at the lobby bars as well.- There isn't much local nightlife. I went with a group of 20-somethings (singles and couples) and there really wasn't much to do aside from the casino. I do think however that it would be a great spot if you have kids.- This is definitely a convention hotel, so there were hoards of people from one company or another milling about the entire time we were there, and the restaurants were clogged with reservations for parties of 30 and 40. Not a lot of attention/sympathy given to individual guests.I probably won't return, but I didn't have nearly as bad an experience as some of the reviewers on this site.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Rio Mar My husband and I and another couple just came back from a 5 night stay at the Westin Rio Mar. It was the best trip we have ever taken to Puerto Rico. We have stayed at the El San Juan, the Intercontinental and the Marriott - all in the San Juan area and there is no comparison to staying at the Rio. We were so apprehensive after reading many of the reviews, but I realize now that many of the people that have written reviews on this hotel are not accustomed to travel in the carribean and to many of the so so accommodations you find there. Having 80 degree weather year round and being on the water takes its toll on many resorts but I must say that this resort does their absolute best to keep the wear and tear to a minimum. The massiveness to the lobby area and relaxation areas around the lobby together with open staircases gives a feeling of carribean luxury. The staff was outstanding. They don't question anything you ask for. Although we could not be upgraded to an oceanview room, we found our rain forest view room to be peaceful and a nice change from the ocean view we normally get when we travel. I found being on my deck in the early morning viewing the mountains and total quietness to be quite wonderful. You must realize that this is a family oriented resort and we were told they only have 20% of their rooms with king size beds. I must say, that the families we saw were quite upscale and with a quiet pool and a family pool it didn't bother us a bit.....and the hotel was full and all restaurants were open.The service was perfect. Our thermostat didn't seem to work properly and by the time I left the front desk and went to my room, an engineer was knocking at my door to assist us. Each night clean towels were put in our room to replace the ones used in the morning. Also, at breakfast I asked for a small amount of milk to use for the coffee in our room rather than the powdered creamer....before I knew it, a water bottle of milk was handed to me, at no charge, which we refrigerated for our coffee. The staff was quick to give us drink coupons for rum drinks if we were inconvenienced at all for the slightest reason.I found only one truthful complaint out of all the reviews I read and that was the cushions on the chairs being damp or wet most of the time. The winter is their rainy season and you can get a downpour for about an hour being so close to the rainforest but then the sun is out shining again. This tends to keep the cushions wet. My second complaint is that the casino leaves something to be desired if you enjoy gambling...Half the machines are inoperable but I don't think this is a big concern because 75% of the people in the casino are locals not guests. I enjoy playing the machines rather than doing the bar thing at night so I would have liked a bit more variety but we visited the other 2 casinos when we rented the car. Plus, I never plan on big time gambling in the carribbean...I save that for Vegas for Atlantic City.The main thing we found impressive is that no one was looking for a handout. At other resorts, there are beach personnel constantly wanting to set up your chairs and get your towels or re-arrange your chairs all for a tip of course. Being a private 500 acre resort there was no one to bother to want to braid your hair or sell you trinkets. No one trying to sell a time share or sell you a boat ride or tour. You get absolute privacy. We chose the transfers with our tour operator for $100 and then rented a car for the middle 2 days at the Avis desk right at the hotel for apprx. $120 for the two days. The ride to and from the airport was about 45 minutes. We had no trouble finding the rain forest, or the other two resorts to check them out...and frankly I am so glad we didn't pick Paridisus or the El conquistador. When we visited these places to go to the casinos, all we saw were jitneys running people all over.All in all it was the most enjoyable trip we have taken and I am ready to book again as soon as I see a good special come around. If anyone has any questions just post your questions and we will be more than happy to respond.... Don't be afraid to go there - it is heaven.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good but some problems the resort is beautiful but they are lacking in managment. musty smell which caused sinus problems, could be cleaner, make reservations for dinner because it gets booked fast and there are not alot of other options that are good. the tiki huts by the beach are good and the marabella is also good if you dont have a reservation. the parot club in old san juan is excellent clean, good service, and great food! landscaping is gorgeous! rent your own car alot easier to travel than taking the excursions. the rainforest is right across the street and you can pay $3 a person versus the $40 with the excursion. if you go to the rainforest if you stop to eat eat at the resturaunt at the top where the hamburgers are. another plus is you get unlimited amounts of bottled water during your stay. but the conceirge floor needed to be monitered alot more people from all over the resort were in the room. if you ahve teenage children there isnt much to do for their age. they have to be young kids to participate in the activities or 18 to be able to go to the casino or bars. i would take this trip again because it is a good get away but you dont get what you pay for at that hotel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time! Like many who have written about Rio Mar, I was apprehensive about staying at this resort, almost to the point of eating my plane ticket and canceling my five night stay. This location was recommended by an event planner who works with my wife鈥檚 company, so we went ahead with our travels. The hotel was about an hour drive from the San Juan airport by rental car. We were given an ocean view room on the third floor, which also acts as the main level of the common areas. The room was spacious and clean, comparing well with rooms we鈥檝e recently occupied in the Times Square and Seattle Westins. I usually am not a fan of being stuck in a resort with only the location鈥檚 restaurants to choose from. But, the resort鈥檚 four main dining areas were a nice surprise during our trip, and I looked forward to returning to each. You need to get reservations for these, so plan out your stay with consideration of the days each are open. Though the restaurants may have been half full, I heard the hostess tell guests that they were booked. The first evening we dined at the Grille Room. The crab cakes were so delicious; I ordered a second before my filet arrived. My wife was happy with her meal, although I thought her lobster was a bit overcooked. The second night we ate at Palio, and had a wonderful bottle of Italian wine recommended to us by our waiter. The linguine and clams in garlic olive oil was a great find. Later, we tried Shimas, and though I鈥檓 not a big sushi person, the fare was very nice. We later visited both the Grille and Palio again and were not disappointed. Our only lunch at the resort was at the Pub near one of the golf courses. Like the other sites, the service was great and our waitress had nice recommendations for us. The prices were a few dollars higher than we鈥檙e accustomed to at home, but are typical for any vacation destination.We ventured to the Old San Juan shopping areas during our first full day in Puerto Rico. While getting a rental car is preferred, the pot holes and liberal driving customs do take a bit getting used to. I hit a chunk of loose asphalt on the freeway and won the chance at changing a flat tire on the shoulder of the freeway near the airport. Also, it is wise to count to three when the traffic light turns green before hitting the gas. San Juan is a cruise ship port and as such, is home to many tourist souvenir shops. One which was a bit better was the Puerto Rico Arts and Craft shop, offering the wares of many local artists. On another day we took a visit to the rain forest, which is just across the highway from the Rio Mar. While visiting the Rain Forest鈥檚 Visitors center wasn鈥檛 necessary, it did give us a map which pointed out the area鈥檚 hiking trails. The hike to the waterfalls and pools was very refreshing. We also stopped at the small outdoor restaurant located near the 11 km sign and enjoyed the barbequed hamburgers covered with the owner鈥檚 secret sauce. We took a trip to the El Conquistador hotel located 30 minutes east of Rio Mar. It has a nice hill-side location and we enjoyed taking the funicular down the cliffs to the hotel鈥檚 small harbor and harbor bar. I noticed that several shops on the outer wing of the hotel had a musty smell from water exposure. During the final day of our trip we had planned to hang out by the pool, but a pending storm changed our plans to visit the El Morro fort in San Juan. While we got wet, it was a very interesting trip in which we learned more about Puerto Rico鈥檚 early history. Unfortunately, the storm wiped out our plans to visit the bio-luminescent bay area of Fajardo later that evening.I was very pleased with the staff鈥檚 efforts to make our trip enjoyable. The few shops in the hotel were very nice. I did try out the casino and while a craps table wasn鈥檛 present, I enjoyed my time at the blackjack tables. There are many pleasant areas to have a drink and socialize in the bar and outside most of the restaurants. The pool was better than average, even though my wife had to flee from a native iguana. The beach looks very inviting from the pool bar, but the run-off from the rain forest churns up some of the beach sediments making the waters a bit murky. Overall, we had one of our better trips here, and if you plan on going to Puerto Rico, you should enjoy your time at Rio Mar.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Condos are the best I've been reading the reviews and I agree with the person who recommended staying at the condos. My parents lived in one of the condos for three years and I always loved to visit. This is a very quite part of Puerto Rico. If you want the nightlife, stay in San Juan.If you want the beauty of the rain forest and the quiteness of Rio Grande beaches, I would recommend staying here. I loved the small private pool down by the beach. We would run out to the ocean for a swim and then jump back to the pool. Plus they have a poolside bar. I'd love to get some Pina Colladas.You can find cheap rum there. The local favorite is Don Q (Bacardi is looked on with some distain because they are not originally Puerto Ricans)There are some good local resturants, you just have to look for them. We use to go to this resturant in town called Marebells (I think). My parents went there all the time. My Dad always would get the Arr贸z con dulce. It's a very sweet but tasty rice pudding. The coqui's are all around you and you can listen to their song at night. They are tiny green frogs who chirp coqueee, coqueee and sound like little birds. If you see one, it'll bring you good luck. I saw one right before I left my parents condo for the last time.If you really want to explore Puerto Rico, try to rent a condo for a period of time and drive out to the different areas of the island.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>spectacular This resort is spectacular. Stayed 2 nights in early December 2005. Was immediately struck by the beauty of the location and sheer size of the place. When we checked in we were told that there were no more rooms with king sized beds but they were going to give us a room with two doubles which could be connected to make one super king. When this was done, we had the most enormous and luxurious bed I have ever slept in. Actually, it could have slept an entire family. The room was spotless and had a great view of the ocean and a balcony with nice furniture. The grounds were extremely well kept and green. The staff was very helpful with directions and in fact they have these little cards at the concierge desk which have good instructions for getting to local restaurants and sites. A great base for rain forest exploration. The only complaints I have are: the sand flies on the beach (make sure you use lots of bug spray or prepare to be eaten) and the pool could have been warmer. Otherwise, a great experience and I hope to go back there sometime soon.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful - paradise Celebrated our 25th Anniversary..Dec 6-13,2005.Rented car from SJU..easy drive..as you enter Westin thru gates, golf courses on either side as you drive to resort! Beautiful grounds, beautiful beach. Don't listen to negative reviews. Restaurants very good..not overly priced(we're from NY)(However, dont order Lasagna at Palio, Italian food not so good in Caribbean(but we're picky, we know best Italian food in NY)Walked along beach after dinner, very romantic! Staff very friendly, everywhere we went staff greeted us! We brought 3bottles of wine in our carry-on luggage, drove to grocery store bought cheeses  fruit, asked for wine glasses from bartender enjoyed before dinner and also enjoyed our wine  cheese on the beach!!! Enjoyed buffet breakfast a couple of am at Marbella. Also made coffee in our room, picked up pastries from DAVID'S COOKIES enjoyed breakfast on our balcony ocean view 5th floor, little black birds visited us and ate up the crumbs Awesome! MANDARA SPA, 80min MASSAGES, HIGHLY RECOMMMEND WORTH EVERY PENNY!!($155) YOU'LL LOVE IT!!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenlara
<Content>Lovely, but a few small critiques I was apprehensive after reading the very mixed reviews of the Westin Rio Mar, but we booked a 3-night getaway here anyway this past weekend, and had a lovely time. First, the positives: the staff were sweet as sugar, and though we didn't have any special needs or requests, I got the sense that we would have been accommodated if we had. Our room, a corner Ocean Suite which was really more just a large guest room, was *beautiful* and exceptionally large, clean, and decorated in a modern, comfortable, understated way. We didn't have much of an ocean view - just a glimpse - but we got over that quickly because the room itself was so nice. The grounds are very well-kept and the two pools are large and clean.The Mandara Spa was really wonderful; I had a massage and a Ginger-Lime Body Scrub, and both were awesome! I've been to many spas, and this one, while not massive like the Golden Door at the Conquistador (it has 12 rooms) was lovely, intimate, and super-relaxing.Now the negatives. The main complaint I personally had was a small one, but important to me: the casino had no craps table. It's the only game I like to play (and I really love it!) so the fact that the Westin goes out of its way to advertise craps on literally every single ad for their casino and on their web site, when they actually don't even have one table, was a huge disappointment.The beach at the Westin isn't the greatest; the sand is brown and coarse, not fine and white. We spend a lot of time in Vieques, PR and are spoiled by the beaches with powdered-sugar sand. The restaurant situation was not great; as many others have stated here, one night there were only two restaurants open for dinner, while another night there were four. The one place that's always open, Marbella, is pleasant enough for breakfast or lunch, but we like to get a little dressy and enjoy a nice dinner out; Marbella just doesn't really cut it. The hotel seemed only about 25-30% full, so maybe that was why they chose not to open all restaurants every night. Still, it was disappointing and we ordered room service 2 of our 3 nights. Palio was just slightly above-average Italian food, and way overpriced, though I do expect that at a resort in the Caribbean.All in all, the Westin Rio Mar is a very nice resort. If you come here with managed expectations, and if playing craps isn't important to you, you should enjoy this beautiful spot.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kw898
<Content>Don't believe the negative hype As with most message boards you must take the postings with a grain of salt and realize everyone's view is truly subjective. With that being said we just returned from the Westin after a 4 day stay and would recommend this resort. Sure, there are things that are not great, but overall it is a very nice resort.Rooms:We had a ocean view on the 6th floor (Starwood floor). The halls leading to the room were quite musty and outdated (floors also need to be vacummed). The room itself could use some updating, but we were not disappointed. It was spacious, had a nice balcony and was relatively quiet (with the exception with a few door slams). The maid service was great - no complaints.Grounds:The interior of the hotel is very nice. The lobby (which has free wi-fi) was spacious, inviting and was decorated very nicely for the holidays. The pool area was very good and we had no problems getting a seat. They have a quiet pool and a family pool that are both relaiively clean and spacious. Some of the chairs were wet (guess what? - it rains in the Caribbean) so check the lounge before you plant yourself. The beach seemed nice (we spend most of our time at the pool) but the sand is not very pretty (brownish) and the waves are rough.Restaurants:The biggest complaint is here, but keep in mind the hotel was not packed so a few were closed. We went to the Golf Club to eat at the Grille Room and the Iguana Pub (you must take a shuttle there - 5 minute ride - runs very often). The food was ok and the ambiance somewhat limited. The Grille Room was pricey (but what do you expect at a resort?) On Friday night Shimas opened up and we had an oustanding meal and as well as service. The Tiki Bar by the pool was open for lunch (limited menu), but was right on the ocean. Several other restaurants were closed but they should open in the high season when the hotel is booked fully. We did not venture off the gounds to eat, but from what we saw and heard, nothing of great consequence was very close.Fitness Center:Small but has everything that one needs (6 treadmills with TVs, weights, some machines). Towels and water are available.Other Observations and Tips:* Rent a Car! - there is an airport shuttle, but we heard of people who took cabs for $75. Also, to leave the grounds a cab will run you $15 just to get to the gate. The car came in handy for the El Yunque forest. WARNING! - Beware of the local drivers - they are nuts. Signaling does not exist and cars pop out of nowhere. Roads are not easy to figure out. Popping in and out of highway 3 was extremely challenging.* El Yunque was well worth it and 15 minutes from the resort. Wear sneakers as it can be slippery when wet. Do NOT eat at the Visitor's Center. We had nachos and pizza and was one of the top 3 worse meals we ever had. HOWEVER, DO stop by the Sierra Palm Food Concession Picnic Area and get yourself a burger. There's a local that BBQ's up burgers and it was by far the best tasting burger we ever had!!* Casino was very small* Golf course looked great (did not play), but is appeared to be empty everyday.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Huge disappointment! Big disappointment...Beware! Did not live up to the Westin name. From beginning to end, there were issues. We arrived on a Thursday and the hotel was sold out the night before. We were told room would be ready by 3pm; by 5pm we checked in with the Front Desk who said they had 2 rooms (we were with anther couple) but at opposite sides of the hotel. We preferred to wait for the same building- and he said it would be shortly. At 7pm, we finally got into 1 room and at 8:30 the other. The room our friends got was a huge one bedroom suite at the same rate we were paying (rates are overpriced anyway for this run down, non-luxury hotel as they claim to be) Our dinner resv. for 8pm at the grille room turned into being seated at 10:30- at which time they were out of steaks and french onion soup (why bother going to a steakhouse??) Our keys didn't work, the rooms were boring, dirty, old and certainly not luxurious like advertised. the beach was ok at best- the pools were nice but dirty- never saw any staff member cleaning debris from the rains out of the pools. The Front Desk was always harried and disorganized, the concierge would disappear for 25 mins at a time. Lucky for Pailo- the only good service and good food. They need a change in management badly.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>barbaradixon
<Content>Some good, some bad The Westin is a top notch hotel, and this hotel is no exception. But it's way overpriced. Rooms are great, they're large, very clean, large bathroom, plenty of storage areas, housekeeping is superb. And I love the Heavenly Bed. It's sparkling white, so you can tell how clean it is. And that is a major point for me. But some of the good and the bad ... the casino is small, very dirty, and some of the machines are broken, or keep breaking down with your money in them. The grounds are lovely, but nothing spectacular. They have two swim pools, and both are large. But they are not heated, and they were so cold no one but kids would use them. All the adults complained. They do have plenty of pool lounges, and yes they are wet quite often because it rains a lot. Just take the pad off, and use the wicker chair with a towel. And they are very generous with towels. No limit to how many you want, and they are nice large thick ones too.Our room rate included the buffet breakfast. It was good, with a nice selection, but it cost $42.50 for two. That is just absurd. Since it was included we ate there every morning, but I would never spend that kind of money for an ordinary breakfast.We had a rental car, so each evening we went out. We visited most of the casinos, all of them better than the Westin, we ate in local Puerto Rico restaurants, so didn't try any of the places within the Westin complex. But heard that you will spend an easy $100 for dinner.Because it's Christmas season they had the hotel decorated with just wonderful Christmas decorations and greenery. Much nicer than anyplace I've seen.Traffic on the main road from airport is just awful. It took us over 2 hrs to get to the hotel. And that is normal, to go just 25 miles.Staff at the hotel are way above the norm. We did not encounter anyone that could be called average. They go out of the way to make sure you have a great hotel experience. Our room was freshened twice a day, neverhad that before.Major complaint with parking that cost $10/day. I feel if staying at a hotel parking should be included. It was an underground garage, and very convenient for us. The cost is added to your final bill, you get a parking ticket each time you pull in and out.If anyone wants to contact me for specific information I'll be glad to answer. basha417@yahoo.com.Overall - I don't think this resort is worth the price, and I don't think Puerto Rico is much of a tourist destination. Heavy traffic, expensive, lots of rain, everything spaced pretty far so a car is almost a necessity, beaches are pretty but water is very rough on north side of island (where San JUan and most hotels are located). We did not go in the water. It was a red flag beach most days.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Place is a nightmare Well,what can i say...the place is beautiful,green everywhere,,yes away from reality,staff is friendly,helpful..yes food is overprice,but what do you expect(it's not a 3rd world country).Place is a NIGHTMARE for its staff,most of the people who stay during our stay ,,where rude,demanding,unrespectful,and not grateful about many things providof hem wed by the Hotel.not goog tippers either..many families had a lot of request,and most of them where taking care and guess what?.staff just received thank you..We're from New York and Santo Domingo neither a south or central america..where you get everything you ask for a smile. New Yorkers and fellow Americas LET'S TIP THE STAFF OF EVERY HOTEL WE VISIT,for all favors we get..I felt sorry for the westin staff mainly the front desk and there concierge desk..very busy with all these people that were very rude..Funny people that arrive to these property some paying top money and others had very cheap rates..cheap rates were the most demaning..cheap rates and wanted top views.ocean views and were paying for garden views..a had a laugh with one guest standing next to me upon check in,the agent try to explain to him about his rate and actually blame his travel agent for booking a cheap rate,,and demanded for the best room,his poor family had to wait for more than two hours bcause the family head paid for cheap rate,,,can't you belived this?IF YU TRAVEL TO WESTIN PUERTO RICO AND WANT THE BEST ROOM,PLEASE PAID FOR IT,DON'T TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE HARD WORKING STAFF AT THIS HOTEL..I HAD A OCEAN VIEW ROOM WICH WAS VERY NICE.PARTICIAL VIEW,MY FRIEND HAD OCEAN FRONT(LITTLE MORE EXPENSIVE)BUT ALL THE ROOMS ARE NICE,STAFF FRIENDLY,WILLING TO HELP,MEET AND EXCEED EXPECTIONS,PEOPLE WHO GO OUT OF THERE WAYS TO MAKE YOUR STAY MORE PLEASANT..PLEAE TIP THIS PEOPLE...IF YOU VISIT THIS PROPERTY PLEASE TRY TO FIND THE FOLLOWING STAFF WHO MADE OUR STAY A MOST MEMORABLE ONE:Maria,concierge,Lui Lopez,Frontdesk,Edit help line,Janine front desk(checkout),Otto,concierge/front desk(our vacation planner)Jetemar,Raymond restaurants..and finally our tour guides.harry and manny..thanks to all...we'll be back...  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AMERICAN1231
<Content>Glad I visited but do not want to come back.       beach  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sandy78
<Content>Heavenly!       Our room  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>saraohara
<Content>Wouldn't go back I was nervous about this resort b/c of unfavorable reviews--but the truth is, it's a nice resort, large, pretty, well-kept. The room was a bit dusty but I suspect that was b/c it hadn't been occupied in a while. The resort was VERY busy and crowded for Thanksgiving week. I wouldn't go back partly for this reason--it's not the kind of place where you are getting away from it all by any stretch of the imagination. The beach is OK, but when we were there the water was muddy as hell b/c the river nearby had dumped debris from recent rains. Food was pretty bad, and way overpriced-and don't kid yourself, it's the same food no matter which hotel restaurant you go to. Pool was nice although $90 for a canopy is a JOKE. Drinks overpriced but strong. One important point to make: I read that the service was terrible--I have to disagree-I received great service the whole time-my only complaint was that b/c we arrived at 4am we were left with the dregs of room choices. All in all, not the nicest Westin property by far, but not a nightmare either.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Little trip gone bad I've been to Puerto Rico quite a few times and have all ways stayed in San Juan. Unfortunately, my friends and I decided to go somewhere different and boy did we regret it.First of all, if you want to stay in an area where there is plenty of night life, you shouldn't be at any hotel in Rio Grande. Every single local business is closed at around 6pm, which means if you didn't rent a car you would be stuck in the hotel in the evenings.Check In:It was horrible, the hotel overbooked due to at least three major business conferences. Those of us who weren't apart of it were told we had to wait for a room for at least an hour. Those of us who wanted an explanation (like me) were either given dinner or cocktail vouchers as an apology. We waited over a hour and half, and finally they gave us a room overlooking the hotel restaurant's exhaust fumes and roof, even when I had reserved an ocean view.It Was a Fortress:The hotel is a gated fortress where if you wanted to walk about the town, you would need to take a bus just to get out of the resort. Don't get me wrong the grounds are very well kept and you can hear the constant song of the native Coqui's. However, nothing is within walking distance. Good thing we rented a car and drove half and hour every day to San Juan for tourist fun.In the End:In the end, I spoke with the day manager and I expressed how unsat this hotel was and that I would never comeback. He was very nice and and apologetic. He even gave me a nice discount which helped the overall bill shrink significantly.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shelleyr25
<Content>Rio Mar...nice pool and beach but wouldn't do it again... Stayed at the Rio Mar from 11/22-26 (Thanksgiving week) and found similar problems as had previously been posted in other reviews. To be kind, I will start with the positives. Check-in went smooth on the Tuesday before the holiday but I did see long lines on Wednesday and Thursday. Our room (6126-Oceanview)was kept clean and housekeeping could always be found in the hallway if we needed extra towels etc.. Yes, the beach and pool areas were very nice. Although it was a holiday weekend there seemed to be plenty of lounges available (although the immediate poolside chaises had belongings on them by 8am), I did see staff adding more chaises later in the day so that nobody was without a place to sit. The pool area is very pretty and my kids had a blast on the water slide. There was some construction going on which was a bit annoying (large hoses stretched across the entry area to the beach on Tuesday and Wednesday) they did take a break for the holiday weekend. The beach was nice with plenty of lounges.Because it was a holiday week the hotel was booked solid and with the exception of Tuesday night, all the restaurants were open. There seemed to be plenty of staff whom were all friendly and helpful. All the restaurants have a kids club menu which was great for my picky kids. Now, to my issues...the major one being the food. We ate at Shimas(Asian), Palio(Italian) and the Grill Room/Iguana Pub on the golf course. Shimas was by far the best with the sushi being what I am used to eating at home for about the same price. The biggest let down was Palio...very limited menu with high prices for sub-quality food. I am from the NY area and am accustomed to paying a bit more when I am out to eat but for that I expect to get a good meal. At the Rio Mar I did not. Not for a single meal(other than the sushi) did I feel that it was worth the money that they were charging. We never made it to the buffet breakfast because we do not generally eat a large breakfast and for $18 a person it would not have been worth it. We also did not go to the buffet Thanksgiving meal because at $45/adult and $22/child, I could just not justify spending the money since by Thursday I had already learned enough to know that it just wouldn't be worth it. The restaurants on the golf course did have a bit more of a selection but the calamari looked like frozen onion rings and my $30 roast duck tasted like rubber. The saving grace (stretching it) was the David's Cookie bar in the lobby. It served coffee, pastries, ice cream and snacks. That was where we had breakfast in the morning and ice cream for the kids at night. Once again, the prices were incredibly inflated ($3 for a large coffee!!). The rooms were so-so..although as I stated before, they were kept clean but are in severe need of updating. The bathrooms are out of the 80's and the brown wooden furniture looks like it belongs in a childs room. The public bathrooms in the lobby had already been updated and were in much better shape although it seemed that out of all the stalls only one or two in each bathroom had working locks. Not sure why that problem hasnt been addressed yet because it was truly annoying. A few tips if you will be traveling there: rent a car and use the self-park, bring snacks to eat poolside, dont limit yourself to onsite dining you will be greatly disappointed, bring bug spray and use it all the time, make sure to go to the rainforest in your car without a tour..its free!!Despite the problems, we did have a nice time and met many nice people. The kids had a great time at the pool and beach and really loved the iguana feeding every morning at 11 am. We did have alot of clouds and rain but the kids activity director had many things planned to keep the kids busy. I would not return to the Rio Mar strictly due to my issues with the dining. I enjoy quality food and dont like to feel that I am being ripped off each time I eat a meal. Hope you found this review helpful.Shelley  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at Westin It was my first time to Puerto Rico and my family stayed at the villas at Westin Rio Mar resort. The villa itself was nice but it was nothing special. Also, we had a couple of cockroaches throughout our stay, but i guess that comes with the tropical climate.I thought that the grounds were beautiful, and well taken care of. The ocean was very nice, and good to swim in. THE POOLS WERE GORGEOUS!! They had a pool for families and a quiet pool for adults. There was a small waterslide that was not too exciting, but young kids seemed to love it.All of the workers and staff were very friendly.The food was very expensive at the resort and my family did not eat there once. We rented a car and were able to go out for meals at the many local restaurants.All together our experience was great, and I can't wait to come back here again!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jaydee414
<Content>Beautiful grounds...not much else Perhaps generous to give the Rio Mar 3 stars...while the grounds and beach were beautiul, the facility itself was lacking..of the advertised 12 restaurants, only 5 were open, and of those 5, only 3 at the main facility, one of which was the Tiki Bar, open for lunch only (hot dog, hamburger, chicken sandwich, nachos, buffalo wings...period.)The housekeeping was spotty at best, no service at all the first day, and had to request towels on two others. Perhaps the reason a fee is included in your room tarrif.As has been stated....GET A CAR.There are a couple of good local restaurants nearby, (Antojito's in particular), but you'll pay $15 for a cab to go a 1/2 mile off the Westin GroundsThe shuttle from the airport thru the Westin was the same price as a Taxi from the airport...where's the deal in that?The absolute BEST feature of the property is the Heavenly Beds...don't know if I've ever slept better in a hotel.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>everoaks
<Content>Private owned ocean condos at Westin Rio Mar a better deal. First, all lodging in Puerto Rico is expensive and a nightmare getting in and out of San Juan, like Chicago traffic. You can book a rental car for $40 a day. Find a Budget/Hertz/Avis bus outside to bring you to their trailer office. Or if you鈥檙e nervous about driving, the hotel transfers you in their bus for $75 a person. The Westin Rio Mar took over an hour to get to and two hours to get back. They claimed 30 minutes to drive 15 miles. No way. The Westin is one of the nicest resorts in PR. People come here for company conferences and golf outings. It鈥檚 a beautiful, safe, large, and expensive resort. When I couldn鈥檛 get a king bed/standard rate room for their advertised $199 November sale rate, (they wanted over $349 for mountain view which I found is just as beautiful a view), I found that there are privately owned Ocean Villa condos for rent that are part of the resort, 1,2 or 3 bedrooms with kitchen and washer/dryer, but no maid service. You can buy one for $1million or you can rent them through the resort, or cheaper by using theclusters. Get ocean view, not golf view condos. It鈥檚 a broker service for the owners. Bargain with them during slow season. Pedro the concierge gets your keys. Or find an actual owner like we did through vacation rentals by owner. (vbro) We got a 1 bedroom for $300 plus security deposit. The owner Rafael Ocasio spoke broken English, but was honest. The condos are a minute walk west of resort, all facing the beach. Area is more private and quiet than the resort. We can use the complete resort and their pools but they are not allowed to use our private pools. Pools and hot tubs are clean, but maintenance hoses the chairs every morning, so the cushions are always soggy. Beach is fun to walk. You can find sand dollars if you don鈥檛 break them picking them up. Save money and get your groceries/liquor cheaper at the white corner building at stoplight. Building looks seedy but is safe. My last note of caution is the sand flea. They鈥檙e at every beach in PR. Locals call them Mimi鈥檚. You never see them or feel them bite. Later your legs are infected with itchy blisters. Always wear bug spray, even by the pool or be sorry.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yona13
<Content>A so so Westin Experience My husband and I are Platinum Preferred Starwood Guests and have the good fortune of staying at many beautiful Starwood Properties. This property was not one of our favorites. The room was a bit odd, and not very clean. Housekeeping was less than perfect...many hairs were found on the sheets upon arrival, and on the bathroom floor. This is a tropical environment, however we were greeted by a colony of tiny non-biting ants in our room upon arrival. The food was fair to good. If you can exist on black bean soup than you should be fine. Otherwise, plan to hit the several Burger Kings you pass on the way to the resort. Because, finding good native food remains a mystery to us still. The hotel seems to recognize and capatlize on its guests as captives reality, and offer high priced poor quality food and drinks. Of course, as mentioned, the Black Bean Soup is actually very good, as is the Churassco. The beach is actually quite good, very pretty with plenty of towels and nice lounge chairs. The gym is not good, and super-hot. Plus, the blasing electronica makes working out a possible panic attack. The captive birds as lobby decor are quite depressing, and we were dissapointed to find a Starwood property embracing animal cruelty.Finally, the worst problem with this property is the location, it is truly in the middle of a long depressing road lined with Burger Kings and ramshackle shops. We would explore other option closer to San Juan if we return.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sacker33
<Content>Westin during low season The reviewer from Charlotte NC 10/25 and I seem to have had the same Westin experience - from enjoyment of the pool/beach, to the lack of quality food, to the excellent tour guide Harry, to hit or miss housekeeping (avoid eating in the room as they don't sweep and any crumb will result in a swarm of ants). So I will keep this short by saying ABSOLUTELY EVERYTHING s/he said is true and far from nitpicky.A couple of additions:1) I too am a Starwood member. When I arrived I asked for a room on the preferred floor but was told none were available. Instead we were given a room that was nothing short of disgusting...it smelled like a sewer and the bathroom was covered in mold. Upon complaining to the front desk, we were promptly moved to a cleaner, mold and odor free room...surprisingly on the preferred Starwood floor. It turns out the hotel was less than 20% full. Why were not given such a room in the first place is a mystery, and the fact that they had rooms in such bad shape is shocking for a '4-star' hotel. 2) If you rent a car, which is almost a must staying at the Westin, be forewarned that driving in Puerto Rico can be a nightmare. Even the locals told us it is difficult to get around unless you're familiar with the area. We wasted far too much time lost and we had 'the most detailed map' available. Street names are absent or change frequently, or are not found on maps. We finally gave up and started taking the small group tours and found it much more relaxing.3) Special thanks and commendation to Brenda Lee (waitress at the Iguana Pub), and as mentioned previously, Harry the tour guide.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I agree. DONT Stay here!! First off..The other negative reviews here are correct...Check In Took forver! I just came back from 4 nights staying there, A business convention was in town and the Hotel completely catered to the convention and forgot all about the small people who actually paid to stay there. The drinks at the bar are expensive! $8 for a 12oz Pina Colada..I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>wheretosayfor3
<Content>A great hotel! Ignore the negative reviews, some will complain about anything! We are returning for our 3rd straight year this March. My husband and I and our now 8 yr old daughter have stayed at the Westin Rio Mar for the last 2 years in February/March. We stay at the Westin for 6 nights and then go down to the Ritz Carlton in San Juan for the last 3 nights. (The Ritz is also spectacular!!!) We've met some great families here and our daughter loves it every time. You are not going to find a better beach or location!!! This is definitely a great family place to be. People in other reviews have complained about the lack of night life but his has not been an issue with us. We still manage to be walking around and having with our daughter and having fun at 10 pm!! We've driven over and visited the Wyndam El Conquistador just to look at it. Yes it is certainly grand and massive but I certainly did not feel like I was missing out on anything at the Westin....especially having to take a ferry everytime you wanted to go to the beach!! The beach and water at the Westin is beautiful and you will be hard pressed to find a better one any where this side of the island. People who complain that the sand isn't white better get over it cause there are no white sand beaches this side of the island starting as far down as San Juan!! It still feels like velvet and they comb it every morning. The water and waves are great for swimming. Once it was pretty rough due to the winds but even then it was still fine for swimming.FOOD- Why does everyone act so surprised at the cost of food and drinks? Of course theyre going to be more than what you're use to paying in your local hometown! But you did to chose to vacation at a nice hotel and the nicer the hotel the more you'll pay. The prices are no higher at the Westin than they are at any other 4 star hotel. Your on vacation, just forget all the nickel and diming and enjoy yourself!!!! There will be plenty of fine food to be found here. You can also go to the local resteraunts which are great too! The bartenders in the lobby bar have great recommendations for where to go.ROOMS - Our rooms have been wonderful, and believe me, I'm a snob when it comes to hotel rooms!! Only on our first visit did we experience a problem with our room and it was due to the noise. We had a mountain view ( which is beautiful too) but our room was directly over the front entrance so we had to listen to the hotel shuttle and all the cars and people coming and going all the time. We talked to the Manager and they moved us the next day without any problems to a different room and it was great. Housekeeping was always great and friendly and the rooms and bathrooms were great with hairdryers etc. And the Heavenly Beds, well they are really heavenly!! RENT A CAR!!!!! Rent one at the airport upon arriving and keep it for the trip. You will save an exorbitant amount of money doing it this way. Getting one at the hotel which run around $60 for a day and you still need to pay for transportation to and from the airport. We rented from Thrifty for a week and it was only $180!!!! Getting to the hotel and getting around is actually very easy. The worst thing is the traffic sometimes. There is a $5 daily parking fee at the hotel, but well worth it....come and go as you please. There are gas stations really close to the hotel. Great resteraunts just a short drive away from the hotel and on the way up to the Rain Forest which is literally across the street!! It is impossible to please everyone but I will tell you this is a wonderful hotel!!!! Yes, I'm sure you can always find SOMETHING or SOMEONE that you didn't like, but that would happen no matter where you stayed. We look very forward to coming back in March!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay at this hotel We stayed here a couple of weeks ago. What a nightmare!First off, it took a half hour to check in, which is just wrong at some many levels. The staff disappears behind this closed door and comes back every 10 minutes or so to give you some sort of bad news. This hotel advertises 11 restaurants and only 1 or 2 are open each night. Marbella was open every night but its so expensive and the food is subpar. I got engaged during this trip and we were on cloud 9. After dealing with the staff at this hotel we were down in the dumps. My fiance called the front desk to ask where else we could eat since our options were very limited and they hung up on her. She called back and they hung up and again. Finally, we exploded to management and somehow got 50% taken off the bill. Just because it's low season, that is no reason for the staff to treat the guests as if they are unwelcome. This hotel failed to advertise that virtually all of their restaurants would be closed. This is advertising fraud at its worst because the hotel is being dishonest with every guest who makes the mistake of staying here. Also, there is nothing even close to this hotel worth doing, it's in the boonies. We were so disappointed with the hotel and staff that we actually cut the trip short after only a few days and hopped a plane to Aruba.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>RussellnJulie
<Content>At best, average I'm a Starwood Preferred member, so when my wife and I decided to vacation in Puerto Rico, we decided to take a chance on the Westin Rio Mar, even though we saw mixed reviews here. We had a 鈥渕ixed鈥?experience as well, and probably won鈥檛 return 鈥?certainly not during low season. The Good=======Nearly all of the frontline staff was great. They went out of their way to attempt to make up for the lack of open facilities. While some weren鈥檛 overly efficient, they really tried hard and had a good attitude.Nice beach, never crowdedBeach chairs are provided at no cost, unlike some other Starwood beach resortsExcellent spa and nice workout facilitiesNear El Yunque, which made for a great day-trip. Super guide (Harry) provided by the hotel. Great 鈥渘ature鈥?sounds 鈥?We really grew to enjoy the tree frogs singing at night.The Bad=====Of the eight restaurants advertised at this property, only three were open regularly during our stay. Of these three, two required a shuttle bus ride to the golf club, making it inconvenient to grab a quick bite. If you want to eat off the property, it will cost you $15 each way to any of the nearby restaurants. The lack of eating choices was our single biggest complaint about this resort. It鈥檚 obvious that they do their best to keep you ON the property, so it鈥檚 only fair they provide guests with a decent selection of places to eat or give guests advance notice of what to expect.Our housekeeping service was pretty spotty. We stayed here for 8 nights, and didn鈥檛 even get maid service for a two day period (midway through our stay) until we called service express. It was also clear that the staff didn鈥檛 change our sheets when we placed the 鈥渃hange our sheets鈥?placard on the bed. Musty hallways and very thin walls -- We jokingly tried to guess what our neighbors were going to order for breakfast each morning because we knew we would hear them the second they discussed it. The property was also renovating some rooms, so between about 9-5, there was constant banging/drilling/hammering coming from somewhere or other.The Average========The Casino was nice for a diversion. However, there were not very many table games, and the odds weren鈥檛 very favorable for the player. For example, at blackjack, you could only double on 9, 10,  11, you couldn鈥檛 surrender, etc. Even though advertisements for the Casino prominently display people playing craps, we couldn鈥檛 find a craps table anywhere. While playing, you will *not* get a drink if you鈥檙e polite, period. Table limits were low, though, and we always were able to find a $5 table when we looked for one.The food was unspectacular, even at Palio, the 鈥渇lagship鈥?restaurant. As one might expect, the quality of the food does not match its price. If you have kids, I think this property is for you. If you鈥檙e looking for peace / quiet / romance, I鈥檓 not sure you鈥檒l find it here. For example, the 鈥渜uiet pool鈥?(polite Westin-speak for no kids) always had 3-4 children running around/screaming, etc. Parents were either oblivious to or ignored the Westin鈥檚 effort to set aside an 鈥渁dult鈥?area.No place is perfect 100% of the time, and we generally are very laid back about little mishaps that give a vacation 鈥渃haracter鈥? However, this property had way more of them than I鈥檝e ever experienced at Starwood property  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ashleyrm
<Content>Good stay at the Westin       Quiet Pool Fountain  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>englshguy
<Content>Beware of false advertising We stayed here 8 years ago, and had a great time, however much has changed. Should have known we would be in for a troublesome time, after we booked the airport shuttle, and confirmed it the day before, but they still had no record of us arriving. That was the least of our worries. Although we were upgraded to a Junior Suite, thanks to Amex Centurion, the restaurant situation was a complete mess. Although the hotel freely advertises many restaurants, on two nights of our stay, only Marbella was open. On the other three nights, only three of them were open. We celebrated my wife's 50th birthday under the very brightly lit Marbella restaurant (i.e. breakfast and dinner as there was nowhere else open) eating pizza, which is just a step up from Denny's in the romantic category. Yes, it is overpriced, and they know it, but they have you locked in, as there is nothing else satisfactory in the neighborhood. Had we known about the restaurant situation in advance, we would have gone elsewhere. They have the ability to post details about restaurant openings/closings on their web site, but they chose not to. Every other guest we spoke to during our stay was discontented. If my company sold products that did not work as advertised, we would find ourselves in court. It rained every day, which is not the hotel鈥檚 fault, but besides the casino, there is little in the way of entertainment to keep the guests happy. I understand that it may have been low season, but that is not the guests fault. The inability of the hotel to provide its advertised services was taken out on the customers. It鈥檚 basically dishonesty and advertising fraud.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jled
<Content>Beautiful hotel but really cut back when low occupancy!!! My husband and I stayed at the Westin over Columbus Day weekend. We are in our late 30/early 40's . We travel alot and usually only stay at 4 star and up resorts. The hotel was beautiful We booked the Escape Sale package- right off the hotel website. Very good deal- $ 199 including all taxes, resort fees and breakfast. When we arrived we were supposed to recieve an upgrade if it was available and we were Starwood preferred guest members. The first room we were given was a resort view- there were chunks of plaster ceiling coming down in the bathroom- I am not kidding- a huge section of ceiling was falling down right over the toilet. My husband went down to the desk and we were immediately given a room on the Starwood Preferred guest floor with a beautful ocean view. We were very pleased- my only question is why weren't we given this room to start with??? The hotel was definitely NOT full. We arrived on Saturday night. We ate dinner at that restaurant just as you drive up the hill to the Westin... Antoniopuertoiquenio- or something like that. It was very good- very nice atmosphere, very pretty and prices were very reasonable. Dinner with wine was under $ 50 for the two of us. We walked around the Westin and found that there were only two restaurants open even if we had chosen to have dinner there. Palio and Marabella. The next day- we had breakfast at the buffet in Marabella- it was included in our package- and that was almost the best part of the entire vacation. That breakfast buffet was really amazing!!! Unfortunately it was raining lightly- but we had a car and we hiked in the rain forest anyway.( the hike to the cloud forest- Mt. Britton trail- truly beautiful ) That night, there was nothing open for dinner in the Westin except for Marabella- which had an almost coffee shop atmosphere for dinner. We met a couple who was celebrating an anniversery- and the hotel was sending them to the El Conquistador for dinner in their shuttle bus. I understand that the hotel was only 30 % occupied that night- but its still not fair to the guests who booked a resort expecting 6 restaurants- only to find a single  family diner experience as their only dining option. Some kind of piano bar- or nightly music would have really been nice- there was NOTHING at night!!! The hotel really seemed to cut back on its services due to the low occupancy. We tried to rent bicycles only to find out that the hotel only had one bike - they said all the other ones had been stolen and that they did not plan on replacing them yet. I felt like I should have been warned when I made my reservations not to expect too much from the hotel. That is my only complaint about the Westin.Although it rained almost the entire time that I was there, I went for a run one morning and saw that the hotel grounds are beautiful. The gym was very well equipped. All the treadmills and elipticals had individual TV screens- they had water bottles and energy bars complementary in the gym. The pools were really pretty the concierge was very imformative.I stayed at the El Conquistador a few years ago and like the Westin better- its closer to San Juan, and not as huge. It also didn't have that same  Nickle and Dime- take advantage feeling that I got at the El Conquistador. The staff also seemed much more attentive. If you go, defintely rent a car, its easy to get to and gives you so many more options in case of bad weather. I would go back, I just hope for a little better weather.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Fjordstone
<Content>Westin Rio Mar perfect for relaxation!       Looking back at Marbella's from the lush hotel gardens  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pstmstr
<Content>half and half I was there for a convention and came in 4 days early to see some of PR. My 1st 4 nights were in an oceanview jr suite. Very nice, roomy and clean. The Heavenly bed was wonderful and the housekeeping staff was very prompt and did a good job. When I move to a standard room at the start of convention, it was like I had moved to another planet. The bed was still wonderful, but housekeeping went to the dogs. The room was not cleaned by 6:00pm on three of the 5 nights we stayed. Coffee was not replenished. As for the hotel itself, it is very nice and spacious. Pool area was clean and very kid friendly. Towels are provided,but make sure they clear your room # off when you turn them in. The beach area was great and I never had a problem finding a chair. However, there can be a shortage of cabanas or umbrellas, but hey, I was there for the sun. Most of the staff was very courteous and helpful. The buffets were good but $$$. Other restaraunt food was good also. Try to get off the grounds and eat at some of the small local hole in the walls, yum. Tours were high$$ but the biobay tour was worth it. Hard work manuevering the kayak in the ocean, but it is not a sight you get to see very often. Rental car is a must if you want to go anywhere, they do charge for parking however. San Juan is an hour away, as well as the forest. You can rent directly from the hotel if only want to use a car for a few days.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very nice place to stay I stayed at the Westin with my 2 girls ages 14 and 11. We travel quite alot in the Caribbean. This was our first time in Puerto Rico. I looked at the reviews after I had booked the Westin and frankly, I was a little scared. However, I don't think the prior reviews did it justice. We arranged with the hotel to have the shuttle pick us up at the airport. The greeter was waiting for us and was extremely friendly. The shuttle driver acted as our tour guide to the hotel, again extremely friendly. As a matter of fact, everyone from the front desk staff to the waiters and baggage porters could not have been friendlier. The hotel grounds were immaculate. The pool was great although the water could have been kept a little cleaner. We rented the cabana for 1/2 day ($30), well worth it. They give you a cooler of drinks, chips, pretzels and fruit. The rooms were the typical hotel room, however, the beds and pillows are worth the stay. The restaurants again are the typical Caribbean restaurants - high priced and ok food. If you don't expect home cooking and home prices, you will be ok.The down side: Once there, unless you rent a car or pay enormous amounts for the tours (Old San Juan - $50 pp; Rain Forest - $40 pp and the Bio Bay Tour - $130 pp), you are stuck there. There is one store for a little shopping for some souveniers. There are no buses to take you anywhere and if you want to go into San Juan by taxi it will cost $160.00 round trip for up to 4 people. You have a choice for breakfast of either the buffet, room service or a donut at Davids; the outdoor pool restaurant or Marbella for lunch and 5 restaurants for dinner - two off site that you get to by shuttle. If you need to take the shuttle to the hotel from the airport the price is a standard $145.00 round trip for 3 people.If you are looking for a quite place to do nothing but hang out, swim and take long walks on the beach, this is your place. If you have kids who might be looking for a little more action and might get a little stir crazy doing nothing but relaxing, then the Westin will not meet your needs. All and all - the Westin was a very nice experience.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>snoopy76
<Content>Enjoyable Trip We stayed at the Westin July 18 - July 22, 2005 and we had a wonderful time. This was our 3rd trip to Puerto Rico; we previously stayed at the Wyndham El San Juan. The Westin is a lot quieter than the El San Juan but we had an enjoyable time. The hotel was very clean and well kept and the grounds were manicured beautifully. The beach was beautiful and clean but the sand isn鈥檛 white. We had a Mountain View room, which had a beautiful view of the Rain Forest.We opted for the all-inclusive package, I鈥檓 glad we did because the food and drinks are pricey. The all-inclusive package includes all food (hamburgers, to prime rib and lobster) and premium liquor. I would suggest making dinner reservations as soon as you arrive. Room service is also included with your package without an addition fee. Make sure you receive a brochure of how to fill out your receipt for your food/drinks when you check in, so you will not be charged addition fees.Marbella was good for breakfast; breakfast consists of a buffet and omelets cooked to your taste. Marbella was good for lunch, you can choose from the buffet or from the a la carte menu (burgers, sandwiches, salads, ect). You can also enjoy lunch poolside at Club Coqui. Our favorite restaurants for dinner were The Grill Room at the country club, the prime rib, lobster, and shrimp were delicious. Palio had good Italian food and an excellent Caesar salad, which is made at your table. Nightly entertainment consist of a Casino and a good one man band in the lobby area, where people can dance. Downstairs outside Palio is a piano bar which is nice and relaxing.I would suggest renting a car for about $60 a day or a driver/taxi for tours. The Old San Juan tour is $48 per person from 9-3. It was 4 of us so we got a driver/taxi and it was $160 to Old San Juan. We also had the same driver to take us around Rio Grand. Our drive name was Louie, be sure and ask for him, tell him the Texas gang said hello.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beach was wonderful My husband and I stayed at the Westin - we are not well traveled 4star hotel goers, however, we were not overly impressed. The hotel was beautiful, as well as the surrounding grounds. The restaurants were nice - and the food was okay. We did enjoy Marbellas - even though the least expensive bottle of wine was $52.00! Upon arriving we were placed in a room with a parking lot view and the room reeked of cigarette smoke. We called down to the front desk - and within 5 minutes we were switched to a mountain view room - very nice. The breakfast buffet was great and the beach was wonderful - very relaxing - as long as you set up a little further down the beach. The pool was very disappointing. Extremely crowded, kids everywhere, the pool water was sickeningly warm and there was tons of hair floating around. Needless to say we stayed at the beach every day that we were there. Overall the Westin was average - nothing great - nothing terrible.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mlthomas13
<Content>Nice Relaxing Stay       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Heavenly Beds! I stayed for one night with my two children and my mother. The previous years we have stayed at El Conquistador in Fajardo. Although we love El Conquistador, the kids liked The Westin better because it is closer from the Metropolitan area/Airport. Also, they really enjoyed having the beach within walking distance from the room--you must take a ferry to a private beach at El Conquistador. The kids had a great time body surfing and they enjoyed playing in the main pool. The pool in front of our building was closed for renovations. The grounds are beautiful. We LOVED the Heavenly beds!Dinner at Marbella was OK. The food is over priced and the service is slow. My son's burger came out without his fixings and even though we told them--they never delivered the fixings/condiments. There was no follow-up by the waiter immediately after the food was delivered. We have experienced the same service in other local restaurants--but we thought it was not going to be the norm at The Westin.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If You Like Having No Choice in Food or Fun, This is Your Place My husband booked the Westin Rio Mar in the beginning of August as a last hurrah for summer. Upon arriving, we had to wait approximately 3 hours for a room (which offered a view of the air conditioning unit for the hotel). We asked the bellman to help, and he did. We were then given an ocean-view room on the 6th floor, supposedly newly renovated. There was a large mildew spot above the toilet (on the ceiling), there were NUMEROUS stains on the duvet (looked like blood- totally disgusting) and the bathroom smelled like it needed a good cleaning with some actual cleaners. Okay, not a great start. My husband and I decided to go to dinner at Club Coqui. Typical summer/poolside fare. Wasn't too bad. Breakfast buffet was much better. Dinner the next day was at Marbella- I was sick the rest of the night. There were fruit flies attacking our food, but we didn't have a choice. Nothing else seemed to be open. What else was disappointing: One outside pool was closed all but one day we were there, one of the restaurants has closed (the only one with authentic Puerto Rican food) but the hotel lobby still advertises for it, you can't get anywhere outside of the resort unless you want to pay big bucks. $30 to go to the nearest grocery store. The poolside grill is closed and they were bulldozing the area and the beach around it. Just what I wanted to hear: bulldozers at the beach! All in all, I didn't like the vacation and wouldn't go back. My husband just wanted to snorkel, and did enjoy some of that. WARNING: people who rent the wave runners will play chicken with the swimmers and not care how close they are to the shore. The water was bath-water warm and the constant breeze made the weather totally enjoyable. I, for one, like to be able to explore where I vacation, and here the only thing you can explore is the Westin.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>marvo
<Content>rio mar pr just got back from rio mar, it was not good, they lost our reservation and we had called three days before, food very expensive and not worth the price, mildew in the a/c vent as well as the bathroom vent and on the shower curtain and window curtains. excursons very expensive and the trip to old san juan was just a shuttle that cost $50 pp. all else was expensive as well, do not recommend this hotel and if any one has a staroowd membershop using pints, watch out, they charged us for the room and this is supposed to be a 4 star hotel and the room was listed an $62.0. not exactly 4 star rpice, ( this they took off),  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SheilaRSB
<Content>Beautiful Resort- no need to leave premises       Poolside  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cindycinn
<Content>A Few Helpful Hints The resort itself is gorgeous!! It looks just like the pictures.Just a few helpful hints.....1. There IS a shuttle from the aiport to the hotel (and back). It's $27.50pp one-way. Make arrangements thru the hotel prior to arrival. When we called the hotel inquiring about transportation we were told there was NO shuttle and that most guests take a taxi for $80 ONE WAY. Mis-communication or lie? I'm not sure..... The ride takes anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour depending on traffic.2. If you need a microwave or refrigerator you MUST request one be placed in your room, provided one is even available. The mini-bar fridge isn't cold; so don't think you'll be able to empty it and put your things in and then put the mini bar stock back later. We had a fridge delivered to our room. We placed our left-overs (from a delicious off-site restaurant called Metropol) in the fridge and went to bed. The next afternoon, after a visit to the rainforest, we returned in hopes of some really delicious left-overs. What we found was a fridge that didn't work, ruined food, and a horrific smell. (rotten fish!) Management did compensate us the food cost but we'd already returned our rental car and could not return to Metropol for more.... Heartbreaking, to say the least.Also, they CHARGE $35 per stay to have a microwave placed in your room. I'm not certain how much for the fridge, though.Lastly, on our first night there I called and asked if there was a microwave anywhere on site that I could use. I was told NO. I asked again So, there's not even ONE microwave anywhere on this entire property? Again, she said NO. Mis-communication or lie? Again, I'm not sure....3. The Quiet Pool doesn't exist. There are two pools within very close proximity and the kids are EVERYWHERE!! MARCO!!!!!!! POLO!!!!!!! It's quieter on the beach.4. If you're planning on spending the extra money for a Governor's Suite, please don't. It's not any bigger or better than a regular room. One of the hotel employees gave us a tour and I wasn't impressed.....5. The Casino and bar area tends to be quite smoky. If you're allergic or sensitive to smoke (as I am) you'll enjoy the east wing first floor piano area a little bit better. Though you won't be near the action. 6. Oh and before you spend $3.00 on a bottle of water in the gift shop. There's FREE bottled water in the fitness center. Help yourself!!! :o)Just a few helpful hints...... Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>harrington
<Content>Upscale, luxurious, Italian marble  A perfect trip for our family. My children are ages 6  8 years old. Combined education in the rainforest, which is a U.S. National Park by the way, relaxation in comfort, and shopping  dining in Old Town. Plus this was a perfect time of year to visit! Don't be scared off if rain is forcast. We were dissappointed to see the forcast on weather. It was rain for our entire stay. What we found was that there was typically, a very brief and refreshing shower (less than 1/2 hour) on some days. Although the hotel was bustling, we could always find an umbrella on the beach and shade at the pool. The beach is expansive and deep. The pool photos on the hotel website is exactly what you get. We have stayed in 4  5 star hotels in Thailand, Greece, Paris, Hawaii... The beach cannot be compared to Hanalei Bay on Kauai, but, that's the best there is. As you enter the hotel grounds, you know you have arrived in an oasis of manicured gardens, flowering shrubs, the whole bit. The restaurants were overpriced for mediocre food. We had expected local fruit, but, it seemed to be more standard Westin cuisine to me. But, we did eat most meals there for convenience, unless we happened to be in Old Town. We rented a full size car from National for a week and were lucky enough to get one with only 5 miles on it. Perfect for driving from the Westin to Rincon for a two night stay in a Parador. The highways were much like the ones here. The Parador (Casa Islena) was highly rated on travel sites, but, we found it a relief to be back in that Heavenly Bed at the Westin! Service was about average and fine. As in any foreign country, I've found that if you treat the staff without arrogance, you will pleasantly surprise them!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>anne0925
<Content>Wonderful hotel My boyfriend and I took our 13yr and 14 yr old children to theWestin and had a great time. The hotel is beautiful and the staff was helpful and friendly. We were upgraded to an ocean-front room(which we didn't even ask for). The food was pricey but we expected that when we planned the trip.There was only one restaurant that served breakfast so it was verybusy on the weekends. The kids enjoyed the pools but there is limitedactivities for kids their age. The beach was beautiful but the sand isbrown and not the white sand that most people expect, but it is cleanand well kept. We took many walks on it!!!We negotiated with ground transportation at the airport for the cab rideto the hotel which is about a 45 minute drive. This definitely saves onwhat you would normally pay for a taxi.There was entertainment nightly and though we don't gamble, thereis a casino for those who do.Overall it was an enjoyable trip that we will always remember!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MOP19
<Content>Nice- but depends on how much you pay We stayed at the Westin for a long weekend after booking the room on Priceline. The first thing I would say is that when you book on Priceline, I always wonder if you get the worst room in the house. In this case, it was true. Our room was worn with zero view.The resort itself is nice, the landscaping is really pretty. The service needs some help though, both at poolside and in general, the staff does not have a great amount of attention to detail. Example- when we self-parked, we were not told that we'd have to walk 3 flights up to return to the lobby b/c the elevator was broken. The valet just directed us to the parking lot without saying a word. It's a great family place, so much so that noone minds when not so quiet children swim in the quiet pool or better yet, make a kiddy pool out of the jacuzzi.The few meals we had there as well were no that great, very average but not as expensive as other reviewers indicated. When you are in a resort- this is what one should expect to pay.All in all, worth the trip but not if you spend $200+/night...we paid half of that and felt fine.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Westin I loved the Hotel. Upon arrival I was impressed by the staff of people to help us with fiendly smiles. The lobby is very clean spacious and impressive with modern/spanish influence. The floors gleamed and all was very clean, with nice sitting areas to enjoy a quiet talk or just enjoy the view. We had a nice room facing the water, it was a junior suite and I found it very clean. The only problem was that one day we were still sleeping when maid service knocked....and our room was still not cleaned at 4:00pm when we returned from the pool area. The pool area was very clean also and we had no problem with finding chairs although we opted for the free tiki huts on the beach, instead of the pool area. We had a wonderful lunch and yes it was on the pricey side.....but it was brought to us with a smile with very good and attentive service. I did not find this resort any more expensive than any other resort prices. We rented a car, which is the only way to go if you want to take excursions on your own. I found the location farther from the city to be perfect for our needs. I did not want the hustle and bustle noise of city and preferred the quiet lush surrounding rain forest exceptional in beauty. I can only rate the lunch we had so it is hard to judge......but what we ordered was very good. There are many places near the hotel if you venture out to eat local food that are great for adventurous tourists. It is nice to taste and enjoy local food. The casino was small and quiet but seemed quite busy on Saturday night with the adjoined ouside bar very busy with live music. I did not see any other clubs but this was not our interest.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great family place My wife and I along with my 2 daughters (10  12) went to the westin for Memorial day weekend. let me start out by saying that i had read all the posts on the hotel, and thank god i didnt listen to them! we had a great time at the hotel.( it must be noted that we went the all-inclusive route.) When we checked in, they upgraded us to an oceanfront room. We found the room to be neat cleanIt also seemed to be freshly painted. The maid service was in the room or at the door at least 3 times a day to replenish towels, turndown service etc. As far as the restaurants, having the all inclusive package took the high price issue,which was posted by many , off the table :). The liquor was also included, with the exception of bottled wine. There was plkenty of nice wines that they poured by the glass, that was more than satisfactory. We went to the Grille Room,Palio once and to Cactus Jacks . Grille Room was great , Palio was great and Cactus Jacks,especially the ribs were great! The beach was pretty, the water was calm enough that our girls were able to play in the water while we were sitting on our lounge chairs under the $60 per day cabanna we chose to rent to shield us from the sun when we needed a break. Please note it wasnt an issue to get lounge chairs by the pool or on the beach, we just were pampering ourselves alittle. I highly recommend the westin for families. We will go back.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved My Stay I stayed at The Westin with two other friends, we had a great time ..The Staff was Wonderful. I think we had like over 15 towels in the bathroom at once. It's nicer if you tip them once you check in,, also the lobby bar, what a party we had there,, once again tipping is a wonderful thing. and if you speak the spanish tongue is even better .. our bartender was great,, I didnt want a regular drink, so we just made up drinks as the night went by. with 151 Run.. what a party,, we did rent a car,, which is a very good idea. we drove to other parts of PR. went to Culebra Island with out the resort price, we took a ferry ride (once again its better if you know spanish). we also took to the rain forest (and food on the side of the road ), we didn't eat in the Hotel. We went to local places,, We didnt go to PR to eat American food .. that would be a waste. I met the most amazing people, o, yes, thier was a wedding the weekend i went. met about every one from,, Chicago. that was at the wedding,, John, I had a great time :).. All in all, I will go back,, the night life is ok,, but then again I do the club thing in NY,, didnt want to do it away .. samething, just different place. The guys at the lobby bar, where to nice,, we went out and came back with flowers for them..we stayed out in the beach one night and woke up to the most beautiful sunrise. walked the length of the beach .. 2 mile walk,, with out anyone bothering you ,, i was a little disappointed with the whole adult pool, and kiddy pool.. if its adults,, then please keep your kids in the kiddy pool. I am a mom, but when i go away I dont need to listen to your kid yelling at the top of his lungs .. so i did the best thing, and moved to the beach. So,, Kudos to The Westin.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gs3
<Content>Overall a great place to stay depending on what you're looking for            
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst stay at hotel ever. This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed at . The staff was rude! The pool staff was actually selling the pool chairs with the managers knowledge. I even complained to Starwood the management of the westins and they would not do anything to change thesituation either.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>carib4fun
<Content>Great for families!! Stayed there in March with two 15 y/o's. Resort was beautiful and very clean. There was plenty for the kids to do ...gameroom, swimming,ping pong, etc. It was very safe. Everything is within the resort. Shuttles will take you to various restaurants. I could take some time to gamble alone and knew that they were okay. It was very crowded at the tme of our visit, but it was great because the teens met friends. If my husband and I were to go alone, it would probably be at a less crowded time, not spring break.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dknj30
<Content>Nice if you're with a family and don't want to leave the resort My husband and I went last September for a quick weekend getaway. The resort is beautiful! The casino is small (but provides the opportunity to gamble for the addicts!) The restaurants are average. The facilities are CLEAN! My only issue was it was an older crowd (40's to 70's). Lots of children running around. And no nightlife/entertainment in the resort. It's a great place to go if you are traveling with your family and are looking for sun, swimming and not much else. Everything was so far - we needed a cab/bus to get out. Also - the drive from the airport to the hotel was a bit appalling! Lots of shacks. Definitely not a scenic ride! But you would never think this resort is amidst all that poverty.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>scuba_MN
<Content>great potential terrible service The westin has unbelievable potential, but the service was terrible. The Good: the beach, the views and the pool were wonderful. The proximity to the beach/pool was great. The pools were clean.The Bad: The service was consistently terrible. Do not eat at the hotel restaurants. They are over priced and underquality. Specifically do not eat at maribelles or pool side. We spent $120 for four people (one drink per person) with unedible food. If you must eat at the hotel go to the iguana pub (at the golf course). The rooms are well worn with water stained walls and ceilings but clean. The concierge service was inconsistant. You will pay a 50% premium on horseback riding. Avoid the dive shop $135 for scuba and $75 for snorkelling. The service was substandard and the captain was downright mean and nasty.Tips try the condos at the westinRent a car to get off the propertytry lolita's for mexcian food some of best King's seafood not to far from the resortavoid las vegas restaurant  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sfauci
<Content>Great place My husband and I just came back from a 5 night stay at the Westin Rio Mar. It was lovely. I really think some of the reviews are unfair. The rooms were nice, hotel grounds beautiful and the beach is nice too. The staff can't control what the sand looks like! Food a little pricey, some meals great others OK. Staff very helpful and friendly. Very relaxing trip.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NEVER AGAIN I am not really sure where to begin. I have to admit that I went into this vacation with my eyes wide open after reading a number of reviews from this website. It started with the fact that they gave our room away. Never a good way to start off. They put us in what I belive use to be a utility closet and said they would move us the next day. What is really frustrating is that, knowing our flight got in late I called the day before to confirm our resevation and to ensure that all was in order. The next day we were moved and the room looked better and although we booked ocean-front this was still a stretch. We could barely see the ocean from the fourth floor. After a terribly unfullfilling dinner at one of the property rest. I returned to my room only to realize that they placed us directly over the lobby bar. At 12:30 I was still listening to a very bad version of Gloria Gainer's I will survive. I looked at my husband and said, I don't think I will survive. I called down to the front desk and told them about the problem, indicating that I was sure my file has a red flag next to it, but there was no way I could stay in my room. We were moved, AGAIN, the next day to a room we should have been in from day one.The only redeeming quality of this resort was the pool cabanas. You can reserve a pool cabana for $90 a day. This inlcudes 8 drinks (pop and water) and some snacks and fruit each day. Quite honestly, this was my lunch while there. The cabanas also provide the kids with shade and allowed me to sleep in, knowing that I would otherwise be up at 7:00 to secure chairs.Food was terrile except for Palio. They ran out of everything. (like coffee) There were two jet skis for a resort that accomdates 2500. We signed up to reserve a spot 5 days away and when that day came they had given our reservations away.Honestly, if you are making this your one trip away for the year, DO NOT book at this Westin. Go to St. John or the Caymans. This property no more represented the Westin Starwood Properties than my local Howard Johnsons. I am a long standing starwood preferred member, and they are getting an similar e-mail. I cannot believe that they want this property out there representing them.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay!! My family and i have just returned from a five night stay at the Westin Rio Mar Beach Resort  Golf Club. The Westin was a beautiful place to stay for familys with kids! The staff were all friendly!The resort was amazing as were the pools and beach. I prefered to sit at the quiet pool most of the time since it was less crowded even though the activity pool is much bigger it always seemed to be jammed you would be lucky to find any place to sit there! You can always wake up a little earlier to find a good spot...same thing with the beach. As for the beach yes it did have some waves but we found them very enjoyable since where they were it's still knee length. The sand was the softest sand i have ever felt and was not rocky at all!As for the restaurants- Shimas-not worth the money! The food was pretty bad although the ribs were the best ive tasted!  Palio-Really nice place pretty good food!  Cactus Jacks-one of the best places there of what we thought based on our order.  Marbella-Fits the price range!  Club Coqui-ok but to expencive for lunch i would recomend the iguana pub next to the Grille Room at the golf cource same type of food and more for half the price!The resort also had a teens clup great for the older ones instead of the game room.   The rooms were all really nice and clean but as for the view keep in mind when you don't get ocean view they don't give you ANY where close to a view of the ocean or pool. Are balcony was overlooking a roof! Still the room was nice but be careful of the electronic safe ares got jammed but the staff fixed it right away and it was fine for the rest of our stay! Over all the resort was an excellent place to stay and we wish to be returning! I hope this review helped!:)  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed I was disppointed by the worn out look of the rooms at the Westin. The beds were comfortable as expected but the bedskirt was dirty and the curtains had mold and mildew in them. The surface of the bathroom was clean but the back of the door and moldings were dirty. I found public areas of the hotel very nice and the beach was okay. I would not go back to the hotel nor would I recommend it to others until there is some major refurbishment done to the rooms.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall, a good vacation. Just returned from a 5-night stay with my husband and 7-year-old son. We did have a very nice vacation, but the irritations we had were hotelrelated. The Up Side: Beautiful location, gorgeous water and beach, friendly (albeit mostly ill-informed) staff, nice pools, wonderful beds, nice large room. The rain forest and snorkeling excursions we took were great! It is a quiet place...not much in the way of hopping nightlife, but we don't care about that, so it worked for us. The Downside: Our buffet breakfasts (which were quite nice) were included with our package, HOWEVER, all of the other food and drinks were grossly overpriced and unexceptional in terms of preparation/taste. $50 for a no-alcohol-or-desserts poolside sandwich lunch for two adults and a hotdog-eating kid? $10 for three cookies from the snack shop? $8.50 for an 8-oz margarita in a plastic cup? Our solution was to take a $30 ride to the nearest grocery store and buy a couple of six-packs of Fosters, bottled water, sodas and some snacks. Given the money we saved on just the beer ($14 for 12 bottles versus $82--tip included-- had we bought them at the hotel, we came out way ahead, even after the $30, 10-minutes-each-way cab ride)One evening, we went to Cactus Jack's (Tex Mex) for dinner and could only be seated at the bar, which was okay by us since we hadn't made reservations. During our meal, there was the intermittent smell of sewer gas which the waitresses told us came from the tennis club bathrooms situated below the bar. To combat the stench, they were spraying air freshener in the bar area while people were eating! When we returned to the main hotel, I spoke with the manager in charge who simply said Sorry. Given the cost to stay at the Westin, I expected more in terms of responsiveness from the management (maybe a free drink?) The grounds are lovely, but the hotel seems to have maintenance issues..for example, we were on a Starwood Preferred Floor and noticed many big spots of paint missing from hotel room doors, even on the Ocean Suite doors. In our bathroom, the showerhead dripped heartily when we ran the tub for a bath, tub faucets and temp control hardware appeared to be unsecured/ uncaulked...they moved around on the wall when we turned the handles. And the curved shower curtain rod sagged downward. Also, the hotel was full when we visited and this caused problems in trying to find on-site places to eat at reasonable times (i.e., not 10 pm). Understandable. We went to Marbella at 6pm and were told no tables 'til 10pm, we then went to the pool restaurant and were told by the manager how about 9:45, or you could try Ajili Mojili..you won't need a reservation. We then went to the concierge who called ahead to Ajili Mojili for us and found out that they were, in fact, closed on Friday night. Then the concierge recommended Antojitos Puertoriquennos (a restaurant off the property, where we had eaten previously). We went to the head doorman (Juan...who was great) and he told us Antojitos had closed at 5pm, but he sent us to another restaurant (Richie's) which was great AND they sent a car to pick us up (no charge) because they knew that the Westin had no car-service vehicles available. Also, we did not rent a car and ended up feeling like Westin prisoners. Whenever I asked for a taxi at the front door, I was given a car-service type vehicle (i.e., had an arrangement with the hotel) and every trip cost $15 each way...even a 10-minute drive! It was nuts! Given that bus service outside of San Juan seems to be nearly non-existent and there were no sidewalks, we felt stuck. If we were to return, we would definitely rent a car and suck-up the $15/day parking fee (on a 480-acre property, please, it's not like they have limited space).Finally, the early-morning-chaise-lounge-reserving by people who never showed up was extremely annoying...the hotel should do something about this. It is obnoxious and unfair to the other guests. Other resorts I have stayed in have had no problem in posting signs and removing people's towels from lounges that go unused.WOULD WE GO BACK TO THE WESTIN??? Maybe, but we would definitely rent a car and consider renting a condo on the property so we would still have access to the casino/beach/pool/spa/restaurant amenities but more control over what/where/when we ate. I really do not mind spending money to eat while on vacation, but I would prefer to spend money to help the local economy rather than the Westin economy! Everything seemed very calculated to generate the maximum amount of money for the Westin as possible...as an example, no happy hour or drink specials at the beach bar and $2 for a tiny bag of popcorn next to the hotel playground, tiny ice buckets that made it hard to chill anything that did not come from the mini bar. It is a beautiful location...there is no denying that. And we came back relaxed, which was the objective.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>billcat
<Content>Great kids' vacation Just got back from 2005 spring break at the Westin in Puerto Rico and it was a great vacation. While this Westin was not as nice as most in the continental United States, after reading other reviews I had expected this to be a 3 to 3.5 star resort. My expectations were confirmed by the quality of the rooms. The resort offered plenty for my 3 and 6 year olds to do. The beach was nice and clean and probably 50 yards from the door of the hotel. The water slide was fun and because it was in the about 3'6 part of the pool my six year old was not afraid. The food at the restaurants were above average but pricey and so were the drinks. I would recommend renting a car from Avis at the airport because it only costs $5 as opposed to $10 daily to park an Avis car in the hotel parking. The rooms were clean and had a nice heavenly bed. The staff were nice and warmed up to the kids. Overall I thought it was a positive experience.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerArlington_VA
<Content>Underwhelming Usually love Westins (had a great experience at their St. John one a few years back), and was very much looking forward to this visit (January 05). But Rio Mar was not up to their standards. The rooms are in need of some upkeep and hallways were often dirty. You would think that you can't go wrong with good golf course and beaches, but the location at the foot of a rain forest mountain means lots of rain and not as much sun as would like. Very few area attractions other than a visit to the rain forest (which was catually fairly overdeveloped for a national park). Food on site was decent, but exceptionally overpriced. Very much a 'take advantage of the isolation' attitude by jacking up the prices. Similar approach to other things like huge tag-ons for parking and groceries (my favorite was charging $16 for small bottle of contact lens solution; we drove 2 miles to a grocery store and got it for $3). In short, an underwhelming experience and we won't be going back.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin Rio Mar - Awesome Resort! - March 2005 My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Westin Rio Mar for 4 nights. Rooms - we were upgraded and got a room that was a good size. The rooms were very clean and the room came equip with Westin's Signature Heavenly beds - very comfortable!Restaurants - food worked out better than we expected. There was this little place called David's Cookies where we were able to grab coffee, bagels, muffins, etc in the mornings. As for the restaurants, the food was good - you pay for what you get at this resort. If you wanted to dine well... then you'd pay for it. Otherwise, there were many reasonably priced restaurants.Staff - the staff were extremely courteous and helpful. Golf - golf was a bit expensive, but the courses were nice. They had twilight rates at $105 which were more reasonable to pay. For more affordable golf, you can drive Berwind (a local country club) that is open to the public on certain days. The green fees at Berwind were only $65 and included the golf cart. Beautiful course!Pool 鈥?the pool area was beautiful. There are two pools, one for adults only and a common pool. There is a waterslide attached to the common pool (which looked like a bunch of fun).Beaches 鈥?the beaches were nice. I have seen nicer beaches, but the golden sand in PR was still beautiful and nothing to complain about. I would highly recommend this resort; it was in a great location (away from the city) close to the rainforest and great golf courses. I would also recommend that you rent a car should you stay here. The resort is about 30 minutes away from the airport and taxi fare is apparently $70 + $20 for each additional person. We also found the car handy to drive to the rainforest, drive to the marina to do the bioluminescent bay excursion, travel to golf courses, and dining in the area.All in all.. a great experience at the Westin Rio Mar  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, needs improvement We stayed at the Westin Rio Mar in early March 2005. The resort is gorgeous, the grounds are spectacular. The service upon our arrival was outstanding. The bellhopes made it a point to make us feel welcome.The room was nice, but it was a disappointment to have been told we'd have an ocean view room and to see only a teensy bit of the sea due to the enormous palm trees blocking our view. Otherwise, the room was very nice, big enough, and the bathroom was clean and in great condition. The HEAVENLY BED at the Westin are exactly that: heavenly. Best nights' sleep I'd had in a long time. It was great to open the sliding glass door and be lulled to sleep by the sound of the ocean waves.The refrigerator that was part of the minibar didn't work, so anything in there was lukewarm, forcing you to have to go downstairs to get something or have it sent up via room service.The maid staff who serviced our room was spectacular. We were there with a group, and it had been arranged that the maid staff would go to the rooms during the day to drop off favors for conference attendees. If they came in after having serviced the room and we'd messed up the beds, they fixed them a second time. In the evenings, when they knew we would most likely be at a planned activity, they'd come in and bring a bucket of ice for us.I disagree with the reviewer who said there's nothing nearby. Just a short drive away are pharmacies, fast food joints (Burger King, McDonald's), and an outlet mall for the shoppers out there.I do, however, agree with the reviewer who commented on the food at the restaurants on the resort. Palio in particular was an enormous disappointment. I so seldom turn away food that it was shocking to me that I couldn't eat the $14 gourmet pizza I ordered. The three other people in my group that evening were totally unimpressed with their meal choice as well. Even though I didn't complain or send back my meal, when the waitress came by to ask if I wanted the pizza boxed (I ate half of one slice) and I said no, thank you, no follow-up was made to take it off the bill.The rest of the food we ate was for the attendees of our group, and even though it was boring (same breakfast every day, very similar lunches every day), it was adequate when it came to food. It was annoying, however, when the wait staff would hardly wait until you'd cleared your plate to descend on your table to take it away. On more than one occasion I had to tell them that No, I'm not finished yet.My biggest complaint is that their Kids Club is AWFUL. The two people who were there on the one night I used their services were obviously bored to tears and did absolutely nothing to attempt to engage my son in conversation (not even Hi! What's your name?), let alone play. When we arrived they were watching soap operas on the tv and when I returned to pick up my son, he reported that he'd asked them to play with him and they'd said they were busy. The sat him in front of the tube and played the movie Shrek (which nobody asked ME if that would be okay) during my absence.Would I stay there again? Yes, provided there was an improvement to their Kids Club and to their food quality and selection.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>katOhio
<Content>loved the hotel This hotel is very beautiful- the rooms are nice, the beach, the pools, and the restaurants. The beach is right off the pools which is convenient and there are plenty of chairs. Service is great anywhere in the hotel. I would make reservations at the restaurants before you go because they fill up. We have 14 in our group and we liked the Grill Room Restaurant the best. I would stay in the ocean view. pool view, or the ocean front rooms only. The mountain view is pretty but I preferred the ocean. The casino is small and packed every night. The clothing shop is fair. The beds are so comfortable. Overall, the food is pretty good. We had a large group and it was the perfect place to stay- not too large. I heard the EL Conquistor hotel down the street is very nice but the beach is not right off the pool and the hotel is spread out. Everyone in our group really liked the Westin. One day, we went snokeling on Captain Mingo's boat- very dissappointing. The water was too rough and we didn't see much!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Westin My mom and I just returned from 4 wonderful days at the Westin. After reading some of the reviews on this site, I wondered if I should take some food with me... but, we were both extremely pleased with the food at all of the restaurants, and we tried them all but Cactus Jack's. Yes, it's pricey, you knew that before you went. We especially enjoyed lunch at the outside restaurant near the pool. The food was wonderful.The rooms were great. The beds were AMAZING. I miss that bed!!We were there with a group, and the accomodations were excellent. From the moment we got off the plane until they made us leave! I cant express enough how great everything was. I would highly recommend the Westin!!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Big Bucks- adequate service Stayed there twice over last six months because it was in close proximity to my aunt who is in a nursing home. Room rates are what I believe expensive. About $200 per night the first time and $400 per night the second time. (went with my wife and got continental breakfast, a small buffet dinner and a top floor room included)Both time I complained to Westin about minor service items. They included a room safe that didn't work, room info book not up to date, continuously broken elevator between lobby and garage as well as other small problems. Normally this would not bother me but at the price per night it did.Now what's nice. The location is very good, the grounds are great especially if you play golf. The first time I used some of the resturants and they were fine. The second time we only puchased one lunch by the pool and it was okay.Bottom line if it were not for the convienenced regarding my aunt I'd stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JudyB35
<Content>Beautiful hotel, needs more pool lounges!!! We enjoyed the Westin Rio Mar and would probably stay there again. Nice beach, pool, casino, but ... impossible to get a lounge chair by the pool during busy weeks (we were there Christmas week). People pay hotel employees to reserve lounges. When we went down to the pool at 9 a.m., every lounge had a towel on it. Something needs to be done about this system. We ended up on the beach every day instead since we couldn't get near the pool.The food is average, casino is small, but nice. There should be more things for teens to do at night ... many of them found their way into the casino (illegally).But, our rooms were very comfortable, the staff was very helpful and overall we had a very relaxing week (once we stopped looking for pool lounge chairs!).  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Generally great, but needs improvement Just returned w/ 2 young kids (4  20 months). Generally the resort is a great vacation. the grounds, pool are beautiful. The bad parts are: the service is very erratic; some people are nice  helpful, some are extremely unfriendly  make no effort to help. THe kids camp is good, but the staff seemed sort of bored  there was no effort to get more kids to sign up. the resort is full of kids, so we felt comfortable. The food is standard, but very kid-friendly. The beach is large  very beautiful. The room (junior suite) was very large, but horribly maintained. The thermostat didn't work  never really was fixed despite pleas  the front door had chipped paint like a college dorm room. The ride from/to the airport isn't too bad  we had no trouble checking in. The pool was great, great water slide which my son (4) loved. The kiddie pool is also great-w/ sprinklers  loads of toys they lend you.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wise2374
<Content>Overall - impressed. A lovely upscale resort. My wife and I returned from a quick three night jaunt to the Westin. We came away impressed, and if we're to return to Puerto Rico, it's likely we'd stay here again.THE GOOD: The property and hotel are lovely. The public spaces are all tastefully done and attractive - a large lobby area has a number of cool seating areas and a bar and overlooks some of the restaurants on the level below. The casino is relatively small but very lively.We were happy with the rooms, which are standard Westin, and therefore a touch nicer than the average Caribbean room in resorts of similar caliber - they're nice sized, have an outdoor balcony with a table and chairs, and have all the fixings you'd expect from a Westin - including a couch, handsome desk and the heavenly bed. The bathrooms are really very nice, with a great shower and separate room for the toilet.The outoor areas are nicely done as well, with landscaping that's very pretty but not overdone. There are essentially two large pool sections - one right next to an outdoor bar/lunch restaurant and the (annoying) music that comes with it, and another further away that's much quieter. The pools are very nice, with plentiful chairs bordering it. The exterior of the hotel was attractive as well - it looks like the upscale resort you're paying for.By far, the reason to come here is the beach, which, compared to the beaches we've been to in San Juan, is the nicest we've seen in Puerto Rico. As it's 45 minutes from San Juan, the hotel is in a relatively secluded area and its beach stretches for a mile or so - and it's beautiful. Puerto Rican beaches aren't white sand, but the water is beautiful, there are plenty of chairs, and it's deep enough that you can easily find a spot without people right on top of you. Great, great beach (complete with wait service, should you want it).Finally, there are a number of bars to choose from located in different parts of the resort - plenty of different places to sit an enjoy a drink or cigar.THE BAD: The hotel is something of a trek from the airport: 35 min - 1 hour, depending on traffic - which could be longer if you're taking one of the shuttles included in your package. We chose instead to take a taxi for the speed of it, and that costs roughly $65 each way with tip. (If you do this, make sure you ask your travel professional to take out the airport transfers from your package - which cost extra $$.) The road there looks more like you're on the outskirts of Miami than somewhere Caribbean.The service is hit or miss. It ranged from very friendly and accommodating to I'm annoyed that you're asking this of me. Overall, more good service than bad, though.Finally, once you're there, it's likely you're staying there. Other than being adjacent to El Yunque (the rainforest), there isn't anything worth seeing or doing in the immediate area. Other restaurants are a cab ride away minimum, and there aren't many options.THE UGLY: As you've no doubt read by now, the restaurants do leave something to be desired. Don't get me wrong - none of the food is inedible or scary, and some of it is pretty good stuff. But more often than not, it's completely generic and expectedly very pricey. Worst of all, none of the seafood at the resort is locally caught - all of it is flown in, we learned, and therefore more expensive and not as fresh as you'd like.There are a number of restaurants to choose from - which is nice - and they're located all around the sprawling resort (some of which you'll access by a trolley). But the biggest disappointment was Palio - their destination Italian restaurant. The room itself is really fun and attractive, but it pretty much ends there. The tomatoes in my wife's $16 pomodoro were incredibly mealy - to the point where we actually sent it back. We ordered room service one night (from their full service Marbella restaurant) and the hamburger was of surprisingly poor quality. The lunch menu is pretty spartan, with no good salads and sandwiches that were so-so at best.We did enjoy Ajili Mojili - a Puerto Rican restaurant that is an outpost of the original in San Juan. We've eaten at the original, which is better than this watered down version, but it was still the best and most interesting meal we had while there.There is also a Tex-Mex and an Asian restaurant there, but we didn't try either. The $20 lo mein wasn't calling us.A hint: either load up on their adequate buffet breakfast ($18) in the Marbella restaurant and skip the marginal lunch options, or hit the David's Cookies adjacent to the casino, which has hot breakfast sandwiches, yogurts, muffins, coffee, etc. for a lot less.If we'd stayed longer than three nights, the restaurants would have been more of a problem.OVERALL: Due to the lack of interesting food at the resort and the inaccessibility of other places, a seven night stay can get a little long. But the good in this resort outweighs the bad, in our opinion, and if you're looking for a very nice resort with a great beach in Puerto Rico, you'll be hard pressed to find a nicer spot than the Westin.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>biora
<Content>Nice visit I very nice property. Don't be alarmed by - reviews. Service can be a bit slow if your from a USA city area but in PR this is the way. No need to rush your on vacation. Rooms are fine but not as nice as most Westin hotels in USA. The staff is very friendly my cousin has lived in Westin Rio Mar 3 months out of the year for the last 6 years  he is from NYC  happy with things. Rent a car from airport or at Avis in hotel. Food is not great so leave off to a place like Brass Cactus down Rt 3. Not perfect but very nice.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice resort, ultra expensive We just returned from a week-long stay at the Westin Rio Mar Beach Resort in Puerto Rico. I had stayed at other Westin properties and was pleased in the past. The rooms are nice and roomy, but once you step out of the nice room -- watch out and be sure to bring your credit card. Everything from breakfast to lunch to dinner is sky-high in price. All meals are ridiculous. Lunch by the pool for my husband and I with two kids under seven was $50. a day. Dinner was outrageous. At the oriental-style restaurant a bowl of lo mein noodles was $20 per bowl, per child. My impression was that most people there on business don't fret about expensing such meals, but for a family, you feel the impact, and it adds up.The service at the hotel is nice. People are friendly, and helpful. Sometimes they speak Spanish in front of you and you're not sure if they are mocking your questions or being rude. Overall, the pool is beautiful, the beach is clean and the staff is courteous. My only gripe is price, price, price.Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Typical Convention Hotel, Very friendly staff All in one hotel for golfers, couples with name tags on company trips, and busy pool scene. Beach is very long and becomes private at the edges of the resort. Don't valet your car, it's a pain waiting for it and tipping all the time. The garage is $10 per day and fine. The River Course is tricky. The Ocean Course is boring compared to famous ocean side courses. It's a 50 minute drive from the airport and an hour from San Juan, not a pretty drive. Food was pretty good, nothing great. Staff was very friendly and they attend to your room three times a day. Very clean hotel. A mountain view room overlooking the roof at $345 was a disappointing view. Oceanfront is nice but pricey as well. Breakfast and lunch without alcohol is $20 apiece and twice that for dinner. Casino is small but functional. We became bored with the complex after a few days and there is nothing to do that isn't at least 1/2 hour away. If we ever go back to PR, we'll try the Carribean side (Horned Dorsett in Rincon sounds great). Overall, the Westin is an above average hotel, great for a corporate outing, but not a preferred getaway for these snowbirds.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't go back We (2 couples) were excited to stay here expecting a quiet beach resort vacation until we arrived and found the lobby full of conventioneers and the beach and pool relatively uninviting. There was little that was warm or welcoming about the hotel. Our rooms overlooked a cement wall. While the staff at the front desk seemed to try to be helpful in changing our rooms, they would disappear for 15-20 minutes at a time behind the closed door before they would return with an answer, which was to come back later. We wasted entirely too much time trying to get our rooms changed. We finally (after 2 nights) checked out and went to the Ponce Hilton which was wonderful. The beds were the best thing about the Westin.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobgrover79
<Content>Great if you've got money to blow We stayed here (2/9-2/12, 2005) only because we were attending a conference. The hotel, grounds, pool, beach, etc. is beautiful, but not worth the price. We paid $250 a night which was the conference rate but that was before all the fees. A 22% resort fee, a $15 bellman fee, a $2 per day housekeeping fee, a $10 self parking fee. For 3 nights we spent over $1,000.   We arrived at 11:00pm and after confirming our reservation earlier in the day, we didn't have a room assigned. It took 10 minutes all while we received much appology. We had requested a king bed but none was available. They said they were going to upgrade us to ocean view but it never happened. They were great at appologizing and promising, but not coming through. Several others in our conference had problems as well. The Westin needs to work on this place.   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Nice Getaway We just returned from a five day stay at the Westin Rio Mar, Jan. 31st thru Feb. 5th. Having read past reviews we were a little bit wary, but I must say on the  whole we were pleasantly surprised. We rented a car at the airport and drove to the hotel. It is about a 45 minute drive through alot of traffic but coming from New York we are  used to it. Check-in was fine and were upgraded to an ocean view room, though, the view was partially obstructed by palm trees. The room was large enough, and the bathroom was fine. The pool area was quite large and there were plenty of chairs. The beach area is vast. We walked a few hundred feet down the beach every day and we had that part of the beach to ourselves. The fitness room is small but well equipped, and most of the other  facilites are fine,  The restaurants are very pricey. We only ate a few meals at the hotel. If You have a car there are a number of restaurants in the area you can drive to. We found the staff at the concierge desk to be very helpful with dining recommendations.  Just down the road from the hotel we ate a charming little restaurant named Antojitos Puertorriquenos. We had a red snapper dinner there for $10, and it was quite good. We would definitely return to the Rio Mar but would recommend, that you rent a car so you could sample the restaurants in the area, and take  advantage of the hotel's proximity to the Rain Forest.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eh Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Westin Rio Mar. I'll start with the best part of the hotel - Cactus Jack's Restaurant. The staff was VERY friendly and accomadating and the food was EXCELLENT (escpeciially the ribs and quesadillas). The service at the Tiki Bar was fast and friendly - the food was ok.  The hotel was very crowded with conventions and conferences. I think that for a company meeting or for a family trip this is an ok hotel. There were lots of kids and plenty of activities. I would not recommend this hotel for couples.  Now for the BAD - My boyfriend and I booked our room through American Express and our package included an upgraded room (based on availiability), free buffett breakfast for 2 each day and a $100 credit at the Spa. When we arrived the woman at the front desk told us our room had alreday been upgraded and we were pleased - however, when we got to our room we clearly had NOT been upgraded. We called down to the front desk and were told that a junior suite was not available for the first night, but we could switch to one to following day for the remainder of our stay. We were disappointed, but understanding since the hotel seemed to have a few different conventions/conferences going on. The next morning we checked in with the front desk and were told (quite nastily) that our new room was not available yet and to come back later. When we went back to the front desk again at 3pm we were then todl by another person that there were NO junior suites available. We were obviously upset and confused since we had been told by 2 different people that a junior suite was available. It wasn't the fact that an upgrade was not available that upset us, it was the manner in which we were treated and questioned in a way as if we made the whole thing up!!!! Also, when we received our bill on teh last day - we found that we were charged for breakfast every day and charged the $40 my boyfriend spent at the spa for a haircut - So, check your bill VERY carefully when checking out.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good But Would Find a New Hotel Next Time My husband and I recently returned from a week at the Westin Rio Mar. I will start with the positives:-The staff was very friendly, (even if they had no idea what they were talking about)- The beach and pool area were very nice, and you can take long walks on the beach if you are willing to leave the hotel area-The golf course was well maintained and the clubhouse is quite nice- The ice cream at David's was really goodIt goes without saying that resorts overcharge for food, drinks and services so I'm not basing my negative comments on pricing. The negatives:-The hotel restaurants were very average. The fish at Shimas (Japanese) was extremely fishy and therefore (most likely) not fresh. Coqui (Pool bar) uses fake crab in their lobster sandwich. etc. Palio, The Grille and Cactus Jack's were all fine but not memorable. Unfortunately, the local restaurants left a lot to be desired. We rented a car and made the one hour trip to San Juan for good food. The Parrot and Pamela's in San Juan were truly wonderful! -The rooms seemed dirty. The tile floors needed to be washed. The bathrooms were certainly not on the same heavenly level as the Westin in Boston or Chicago.-My husband mistakenly left several poker chips in the room one morning. When we returned a few hours later they were gone. We did not make a big deal out of this but reported it to security for their records. They launched into an initial CSI investigation mode, but we never heard from them again. Use the safe.-The Concierge desk was friendly but full of misinformation. They do not have a clue about where to dine outside of the resort. Their literature claims that the rainforest is 10-19 miles away. It is 2 miles away. They told us that a cab to the airport would cost $70 + $15 per person. It cost $60. Again, not a big deal, but doing your own research is worth the time.- The hotel had 2 conventions going on at all times, which adds an institutional feel to your experience. When we arrived the first night, the bar overlooking the ocean was closed for a private party, and the afternoon we left, the pool area closed at 2 PM for another private party.For a big, convention type hotel, the experience was perfectly fine. If we choose to return to Puerto Rico, we would stay in a smaller hotel with a nice beach, closer to San Juan. Does anyone know of one? OR, go to Culebra.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asiaf
<Content>a bit of truth on Westin Rio Mar, San Juan Just came back from the Westin Rio Mar, San Juan, on a company trip for 6 nights. I found the staff very friendly and service was good. After reading other comments I was a little worried. The food was very expensive but we rented a car from dollar(don't rent at the hotel, it was double the price) and we did the rain forrest, bacardi rum tour on our own and for the prices the hotel charged we paid for the car. They do charge $10per day to park at the hotel. Most of the prices were very high. We did have some problems with an abusive couple from our company and the security was not very helpful. Also it must be the rainy season, we had 3 good days out of six. Not really rainy but overcast and spotty rain. The pool area was really great.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cks44
<Content>Good Service, Nice Resort I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights with my boyfriend and we really enjoyed it. The hotel is very nice, the rooms are clean and the housekeeping staff was excellent. The golf course was very pretty, as was the beach. However, as many other people have said, the food was TERRIBLE!! The only meals that we somewhat enjoyed were the ones we ordered from room service. I definitely wouldn't recommend this hotel to someone looking for a great dining experience, but it is a nice hotel with good service and we enjoyed ourselves.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful, overpriced, poor service. Stay away! We had booked for 4 nights but were glad to get away after 3. The price of everything was high and the service was poor. We had a Caribbean suite right in front of an outside portico/bar with loud music and a very noisy group that stayed noisy late into the evening. When I explained to the desk agent that I'd like to arrange for another room the following night, she angrily told me this is a resort, all of our rooms are noisy. Friends in our group had a junior suite near the casino and got little sleep at all until they down-graded to a standard hotel room.The food in the restaurants was poor, the service surly, and the prices high ($100 total for overcooked/oversalted pasta and a bottle of very average wine).My advice to groups who might be planning to book a meeting there---go to Jamaica instead!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkBoysmom
<Content>Wonderful Time As many others, I was very hesitant to book the Westin Rio Mar. We arrived on a Sunday evening (the Sunday before Thanksgiving) and check-in was a breeze. We received a warm and friendly greeting. The children were given Kids Club hats and cups. We fully utilized the resort, from the game room to the casino. The rooms were kept extremely clean and neat. Housekeeping was very responsive to any requests. The pool area was always clean and pool service was prompt. The buffet breakfast was more than sufficient for a morning breakfast. Hotel staff was always friendly. The ONLY negative about this hotel was the beach area which was unkept. Being from Long Island, we are used to lovely beaches. The Rio Mar beach was often full of used cups, straws etc...The hotel should pay more attention to the beach area. This did not impact our vacation significantly as our children only wanted to swim in the pool. A child friendly resort.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful weekend We just returned last night from a wonderful weekend celebrating my in-laws 50th wedding anniversary. After reading some rather terrible reviews I was a bit afraid of what we would find. Rest assured, it is a terrific resort with lovely people, delicious food and a most beautiful grounds. We loved Palio and the sushi place especially. Every restaurant made a fuss over the in-laws with either a special dessert or serinade. The grounds are immaculate. The staff was very attentive (although there is a bit of a language problem in some places). We have been to many many resorts and consider ourselves pretty picky. We would return to the Westin.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Blast I had a great stay at this hotel. I loved how it was in the middle of nowhere, tucked behind green mountains and hills. The pool was incredible, and during my stay there were few children. I had the most gorgeous veiw from my room. My friends are always astounded by the pictures. We had a rent a car and actually ate no meals in the overpriced resort. We drove about 20 minutes away to find malls and shopping centers. The resort is also quite close to the rainforst el Junque where we had a blast.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They need help Why do we bother with the transfers? We sat on the bus for 45 minutes waiting for other flights to arrive. There is no saving when taking transfer options. I'll take a cab next time and avoid the extra wait time and crowding.Changed rooms twice, didn't care for the garage view.The rooms definitely need an overhaul, especially the bathrooms. I'm all for conservation (leave the card on the bed, if you would like your sheets changed) OK, I don't change my sheets at home everyday. By day three I was ready (air conditioning was not great). Left card on bed for the next few nights. Maybe someone should explain the card to maid service.Restaurant Reviews:Palio - Italian wannabe (but at least the service was good) They really enjoy making special coffees.Shima - Asian fare - food was good, probably our favorite at the resortMarbella - never tried it for dinner since we had breakfast there onceCactus Jack - Tex Mex - just okClub Coqui - for lunch was fine, they should be commended for having the best wait staffAjili Mojili - cute place but the food was terribleThe Grille - Steak and seafood - over priced but that's what you expect on vacation. Food was ok, but service was impossible.Service was also limited in the pool area and at the one and only lounge. The waiters and waitresses were clearly visible, but i'm not sure what they were doing.The casino was typical for a caribbean resort.Could be a great place because the hotel is beautiful. Maybe new chefs and restaurant managers?  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brevets
<Content>Good for Groups Just got back from a week at the Westin Rio Mar with my girlfriend. Overall, despite cloudy / rainy weather, we had an ok time, but I doubt we'll go back. Here are my observed pros and cons:Pros:-Beautifully maintained grounds and facilities-Golf - Ocean Course (nice course, but only 1 hole is on ocean)-Comfortable beds-Big bathrooms-Nice beach (for Northern PR standards)-Grille Room (Steakhouse) and Shimas (Asian / Sushi)Cons:-Marginal service-Remote (45+ minutes from San Juan)-Marbella, and Aijili Mojili restaurants (Poor food)-No outdoor dining options after 4:00 (not even bar food!)-Casino is small (only 1 blackjack table was open on most nights)-Golf - River Course (hopelessly muddy and unplayable while I was there)-Golf - Cost (Even Ocean course isn't worth $165 a round)-Lots of conference groupsIt seems this place is really focused on conferences, and not the individual traveler. Seems like a good option for families as well. Unless you want to golf several times, I would recommend couples or singles stay at one of the Isla Verde hotels instead (Ritz, El San Juan, Intercontinental).  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Okay Hotel We stayed at the Westin Rio Mar on Nov. 26 -28, 2004 prior to taking a cruise out of San Juan. The resort is okay, but definitely not worth the $300/night price tag. We took the shuttle from the airport, which was wonderful. Check-in went very smooth and the person at the check-in counter was very helpful. We were stuck eating at the resort restaurants since we did not have a car. The only good meal that we had was our dinner at Palio. While it is very expensive, we found the meal to be excellent. For the remainder of the meals, we ate at Marbella. The service was awful, and the food was even worse. On the day of checkout, we went in there to see if we could get lunch, and were rudely informed that they were closed. We ended up getting a salad and hot dog from the beach cabana restaurant. The room was okay - the view was blocked by palm trees. Despite the fact that we requested a King bed, we were given two double beds. We were informed at check-in that no King beds were available. Furthermore, we did not find the beds to be so heavenly. If you are a couple looking for a romantic getaway, this is not the place to come as it was overrun with kids. On the positive side, the resort is gorgeous, but in the middle of nowhere. The beach is okay - I'm not used to dirt beaches. It was an okay place for a couple of days before our cruise, but we would never return to this resort or Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scatsm
<Content>Not bad at all We spent a week from December 19 to 26 at the Westin and all in all were quite pleased with the hotel. Yes, the food is overpriced and lousy and there is nowhere to go but the resort to eat. However, the beach is lovely and the rooms are adequte and the staff is pleasant and the casino is fun. The resort is easy to get to and everyone in our group of 8 enjoyed the week. Everything that people have written negatively is true. But the positive things are true as well. The iguanas are great and the grounds are nice. Would we return? Heck no, but it was a fine vacation nonetheless.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>price doesn't match services We are a family with two teens. The hotel accomodates children well, but those with teens may have a less enjoyable time. The music in the lounge is low key and in a formal environment. The children are not allowed in the casino and the pool hours are restricted in the evening.... so there is little to do for teens after the dinner hour. I would suggest a hotel with a teen club, internet cafe, pool table, etc. if traveling with those 15-20.The tours from the hotel are very expensive as is the shuttle to/from the airport. An off-site car rental is well worth the savings. (That includes the $10.00 per day parking fee). (The rainforest is across the highway-- a 10 minute drive and is definitely not worth the price of the tour!) The hotel food service is slow!! The beverage service in the casino is the worst I have ever experienced. The concierge desk needs more help. The casino cashier NEVER has anyone in line--therefore, NO ONE is cashing in! The drinks are very expensive. The beach is poor and has trash on it.The iguana feeding is interesting even for adults. The beds are comfy.The temperature is one of the only reasons to return.This vacation was experienced over Thanksgiving break. Many families filled the hotel, and the hotel accomodates those with small children.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Consistently inconsistent We just returned from a week at the Rio Mar and here is the skinny on our experience. At this hotel the whole is less than the sum of its parts. But it is not a bad place to spend a week.The rooms: Standard, smallish, nothing special - and if you want a fridge it will cost you $65 a week (mini bar in the room though). The staff: By and large we found the STAFF to be warm, helpful, and welcoming - particular kudos to Shelly Ann and Erich who are part of the pool staff/kids activities groups. Wait staff, particularly at breakfast was warm and welcoming.Security: I had $200 taken from my wallet in my room on our first night there - the safe was not working and we had not had time to get it fixed so there was no secure place to stash our valuables. I reported it to security and management, and response was very slow. After 3 days we found out that they refunded me the $200 to my room account, but the only reason we figured it out was because we were scrolling through our room account on the TV menu - otherwise they would have never informed us of this. New computerized safes were installed a few days before we left so that may address this problem. Management: See my comment under security!Food: Ok but not great and very expensive. Our best meal was had at Cactus Jacks which is on the property. If you can get a deal with the breakfast buffet included - do it. We would gorge at breakfast and then only need to purchase dinner.Spa: Really quite beautiful and brand new. The therapists and aestheticians were excellent. however, the reception staff is woefully uninformed about the services, and could never answer my questions about services. Also - some of the services listed in the brochure are not available.Pool: Excellent and big - really nice water slide too. Lots of fun watching iguanas around the pool area, and the kiddie pool is great for kids -(between 130 and 230 they have organized games there). There is also a quiet adult pool - nice for those who don't want kids. The spa tub was not working properly on some days - but when it was - it was nice and large! Ocean is a few steps away , but a little choppy for small children.Casino: Small - less than desirable blackjack rules (can only double 8,9,10,11), dealer does not check for blackjack first so you may play out a hand and waste doubles and splits.Other fun stuff here - iguana feeding at 11, rainforest a few minutes away, bioluminescent bay near by (consider booking excursions on your own - very expensive when done through hotel), consider Old San Juan day trip - try and do it on a weekend as traffic stinks on weekdays.Have fun!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, full-service resort Having stayed six nights over the Thanksgiving weekend, with the hotel occupancy 98% on some nights, we liked the view from our upgraded top floor (7th) corner room. All rooms have balconies, those on the 7th floor are recently redecorated. Rooms on South/West side face extensive resort grounds, with the rainforest mountains in the background. Only from the top floor, however, the ocean view is unobstructed. Mostly, the view is partial ocean and swimming pools. Although that is pleasant, it does not stand up to the oceanfront description. One can hardly see any ocean through the palm trees from lower floors. We were first upgraded to a 5th floor Ocean Suite that was not impressive - fairly dark, and not much of the view from the balcony. The hotel is big - over 700 rooms, but we had no problem finding empty beach chairs, enjoying the sea. Staff are really friendly, helpful, willing to listen and help. Room service was offered twice daily, parking rate was 10$, and 50$ return airport shuttle was available too. Food was expensive for Puerto Rico, but not for an isolated, major hotel chain resort. For better value, try a popular Mexican restaurant Lolita - 5 miles towards Fajardo right on Highway 3. The resort seemed ideal for families with children. There were always lifeguards at the beach and pools. For the romantic experience a private dinner is offered on the beach; we saw a table one night with candles among the palm trees on our way to the garage.... For a honemoon, that seems like a good option. San Juan should not be missed, however, and the hotel is not convenient for the city. It is at least 45 minutes drive on a road that gets jammed occasionally. Hotel also offers day trips at somewhat inflated prices. Free breakfast for Platinum Starwood guests with drinks and appetizers in the evening is a nice perk. The gym is free for all and is modern, has elipticals, treadmills, free weights, and around 8 weight machines. Hotel grounds are ideal for jogging and perhaps a bike ride. Overall, a great place.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Will never return This was our 10th trip to Puerto Rico--our 2nd stay at the Westin. Our first stay about 5 years ago was excellent--room upgrade, etc. This trip (and now we are Gold level Starwood card holders) was terrible. When booking we told our travel agent we did not want a mountain view room--so she booked us a resort view which would be pool/partial ocean view with a king bed. When we arrived we were assigned a mountain view room with two beds. We very nicely contacted the front desk, and they tried to explain that this was the resort view room even though the view was of the mountains!! They, however, did move us to a different room with a king bed still overlooking the mountains and also the roof of the parking garage. We stayed there one night. The entire night there was a whistling sound that went on and off all day and night. We explained our situation and after standing at the desk for 2 hours were moved to a room with a view of a service road and again two beds. Being a Starwood Gold Level member meant nothing to anyone at the hotel. We spent the remaining days in this room with no wash cloths most of the days--no coffee all days--had to call down for a hair dryer, etc. We usually satisfy very easily, but this resort only cares for large groups coming in for conferences, etc. We will never return to this property again. Any good features of the resort, and there are good features, are not worth the trouble.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ELK45
<Content>Easy stay with kids We just got back from five nights at the Westin Rio Mar. We were a group of 3 couples with 6 kids. Ranging in age from 10 months to 10 years. It is a great and easy environment with kids. They could enjoy the pool with slide, the waves in the ocean and the jacuzzi. It felt very safe and the staff was helpful. For lunch there was all kid friendly meals served in boxes that cost only 6 dollars. The room was comfortable and the proximity of the hotel to the rain forest made for a fun day. This is not a 5 star destination for honey mooners.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't bother There is nothing special about this hotel. Unless you are attending a conference, stay away. This was also the sentiment of many other visitors at the hotel.We did not have any problems checking in, but some were waiting up to 6 hours. They also gave us a room with two double beds despite knowing it was our honeymoon. When we requested a king bed, they said that they had none available and that they could push the two beds together if we liked. Since we talked to many other visitors, all of whom had king beds, we think they were just to lazy to find us another room since their reservation system was down. The prices are high at the restaurants, which we wouldn't have minded if the service was good or if the food was anything to rave about. Our best meals were from room service. As for the beach and the pool, we were lucky in that neither were all that crowded, yet it was still difficult to get service from the waitresses/waiters on the beach or around the pool. Also, don't expect white sandy beaches typical to the Carribean. The beach is a fine, brown sand/dirt.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Smart_Traveler_333
<Content>Fantastic Resort We got back from Puerto Rico earlier this week. We had a great time there. It was nice and sunny and warm. Our resort was quite nice too. It鈥檚 a huge property with the sea on one side and the view of the rainforest on the other. Our room faced there. Nice sized room with a balcony where we used to have breakfast and lunch sometimes. The property is very well maintened. Check in was long and also found that the reception staff were not that great. The concierge (Maria) and Palio restaurant manager (Juan) were excellent.We had a nice outdoor dinner @ Coqui the 1st night at the lounge. It was set by the pool and had live music - good food but slightly overpriced. I also have to note that the staff is always happy to modify dishes on the menu at all the restaurants as I did at a lot of them. Next day we went to San Juan and just roamed around the city. We came back and relaxed by the sea and went for a long walk on the beach. At night we had dinner at the Mexican restaurant which was good too. On Friday it rained so we went to the pool and beach in the evening and just relaxed. The pool was a free form pool and they had 2 of them. One with a slide and the other with a waterfall. Both had cabanas around them and the sea was right next door. The hotel had good arrangements for the pool and all the restaurants. We had a great Asian dinner that night at Shimas. Next day we went back to San Juan to see the outlets for shopping. They were ok but I got to take some great pictures while my wife was shopping. That night after some boogie boarding in the sea, my wife had organized a drink at the lounge and dinner at the 4 diamond Italian restaurant. After the drink the manager took us for a walk and we were shown to our table on the beach under palm trees with a full moon. The setting was perfect 鈥?a cool breeze, private waiter, full moon reflecting on the sea, candlelight and tiki torches and no one else in sight. I'm not sure what my wife paid for it as it was part of my 5 year anniversary gift, but it was worth every penny and if you do this - ask for Vladimar as your waiter. We had a great 4 course meal for 3.5 hours with an accordion player during dessert! It was fantastic. The following day we drove through the rainforest and had a pizza for lunch which was quite good. I had read about this place in some other review and it didnt dissapoint.We had a great relaxed resort vacation with plenty of pool and sea times! We almost missed our flight on the way back as we got late with returning the rental car and lunch. BTW dont rent from thrifty there they are awfully slow and have terrible cars, our was all smashed up and oldThat鈥檚 our Puerto Rico update!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love, Love, Love this hotel! This hotel is the perfect long weekend vacation hotel. It has the heavenly beds. My husband and I have been visiting every year for the past five years. We stayed here for our honeymoon and we fell in love with this property. I could go on and on. But the best thing about this hotel is that it has the calm ocean and the pool just steps from each other. The Ritz is fabo but the ocean is not as beautiful. The Wyndham Conquistador is fine but does not have an ocean that you can walk to, you have to take the ferry to their private island. No Thanks. We like the Westin-everything about it. The pools, casino, restaurants, and the rooms. Enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience at the Rio Mar My daughter and I just returned from a long weekend at the Rio Mar and we had a great time. We are not seasoned travelers and were apprehensive as to the logistics of the trip but we were immediately put at ease. When we arrived at the airport, we were greeted by a representative from the hotel's transportation service who directed us to the shuttle van. In fact the Rio Mar is the only hotel on the island with its own transporation service. The driver was friendly, informative and avoided the traffic jam on the highway. Our check in was quick and our room was located on the main floor (3rd) which was very convenient to the restaurants, pools and spa. The guest room was very clean and the beds were heavenly. Every room has a balcony which was wonderful as in the evening it was nice to sit and listen to the sea and feel the warm tropical breeze. We found that the pool and beaches were not crowded and very clean. The restaurants were enjoyable. From Club Coqui to Aliji Mojili, the food and service was excellent. We especially enjoyed the breakfast buffet with the wide variety of food including omelets and the daily specials. The food was priced on the high end but it was expected. The resorts has tours available to the rainforest and many other activities which are arranged at the conceirge's desk. We took the catamaran/snorking and we had a wonderful trip. All in all we had a memorable stay at the Rio Mar and would not hestitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service was hit or miss Nice resort, overpriced food. Some of the grub was excellent some of the grub I wouldn't give to my dog. Some of the resort staff were very helpful some of the staff were useless. The first day we were there, it took three phone calls to get maid service. They finally came at 7pm. If I had to go back to PR, I would stay here again. But, hopefully, I won't ever have to go back to PR.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four Star Resort As many who read negative reviews about the Westin after booking our trip, we were very apprehensive about the resort and almost considered changing hotels. I am VERY glad we didn't. We had a simply splendid vacation. As this was off season, the hotel was near empty to moderately full, and we found this to be advantageous. Good, personal service for the most part. My partner and I felt quite comfortable among the entirely straight crowd.Our room, upgraded to ocean front was large and comfortable, but not stellar. The hotel grounds, beach, and pools are magnificant. The food in the restaurants was only average in quality, and the only real drawback to the hotel.We would recommend it highly.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Westin saved our weekend! We just came back from a short stay at the Westin. Had always wanted to go here but through several mishaps ended up here. Original plans were to take us to the El San Juan. As fate would have it TS Jeanne hit the island several days before our arrival. Upon calling the ESJ hotel, I was told everyting was operational. Arrived at 9 PM on Sept. 17th to find no power!!! Nothing like the tropics with no AC, shower, etc., etc.,.The Westin gave us a rate of $139/nite and we quickly moved there. The facility is breathtaking. The pool is quite large, plenty of room for all. The drinks we thought were fair-priced for a resort and so was the food. We had the lobster wrap at Club Coqui. It was ONLY $16 and was loaded with lobster. Also ate at Ajili Mojili and Shimas. Both excellent. We found the staff to be courteous and more than willing to be helpful. They allowed me to use the Concierge's computer (business center was closed) at NO CHARGE! This might seem trivial, but no where else have I been where a computer charge was waived. The ride to the hotel is about 40 min. from SJU, but well worth the trip. Roundtrip transportation is offerd by the hotel so it is a stress free transition. We are now awaiting the package prices for 2005. We can't wait for our return.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A few minor issues, but overall not too bad My husband and I actually stayed four nights in mid-July for a getaway trip. We did not know this fell on the Puerto Rican holiday Independence Day, so needless to say the hotel was packed with locals. We got a decent deal from Travelocity.The bad: We could not find a chair at the pool the entire trip, but luckily there is a large beautiful beach that was not as crowded. Kids were everywhere (also in the hotel...running up and down the hallways every morning). They did run out of towels at the pool one day for an hour or so. Things are expensive, but it is going to be like that at any Westin. Maid svc completely forgot to supply clean room towels one day and we called for them and they never arrived. One popular restaurant on the property was closed for a few mths and the others close earlier each night than most hotels. The hotel shuttle svc to the airport only runs at specific times when 6+ book it, so our flight was at 3:30 and they said we would have to leave on the 11:00 shuttle. It ended up working it out, but after alot of stress. The Good: The service! The bartenders and waitstaff were wonderful. Everyone was extremely nice and welcoming. The bar in the hotel had bands/dancing nightly-the locals were very friendly and alot of fun. The restaurants were great and the rooms were clean. Casino was small, but you could always find a table. Close to the rainforest, which is a must! Rent a car!! All in all it was not a bad place. Would possibly return to this hotel, but it may not be for everyone.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better then the reviews I read I was scared after reading some of the reviews about staying here, but am glad I did not change to another hotel. The service in the restaurant does suck, and actually I think that the food pretty much does too...but I didnt come to puerto rico to eat resort food. There are a lot of good restaurants nearby. Cabs are expensive so rent a car. Ocean is awesome, pools are awesome, wasnt very busy no need to fight over beech chairs, or towels. we went through expedia and got a mountain view room for $100. I guess if I was paying $300 a night or so I would be a little upset. All in all its fun, clean and surrounded by great views, dont be scared by all the ------ reviews everyone who is not uptight should have a great time.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time at a Great Place I booked this trip before reading all of the reviews at this site. Thank goodness I did! I have to admit, I was very wary once reading the mixed reviews that this hotel has received over the years. Frequently, the reviews alternate radically from one to the next. I very nearly called to cancel the trip and stay somewhere else. I am so incredibly happy that I didn't.Upon arrival at the airport, we were greeted by a Westin representative and once our bags were procured, we were taken to their air-conditioned bus and offered bottles of cold water. After waiting for a few minutes for some more guests to arrive, we made the 40-minute trip to the hotel. The place was gorgeous. First, I'll start with the hotel itself. The furnishings, and the general ambiance was great. Everything had a very tropical, elegant feeling to it. We waited for about five minutes on line to check in, and it went very smoothly. We, along with our bags (all of the luggage, except for the golf clubs which were immediately taken to the clubhouse), rode up in the elevator with a bellman who was incredibly nice and informative. Our room was great. It wasn't huge, wasn't incredibly luxurious -- but it was clean and comfortable (not to mention the infamous Heavenly Beds -- definitely worthy of their name). Our view was amazing. A straight view of the grounds and the ocean beyond. The balcony was adequate and had two comfortable chairs and a matching table. One of my traveling companions (the golfer) was interested in getting in a round before dinner, so he called the clubhouse. This is where we ran into a snag. They were having a tournament that day, and he was unable to get on the course -- either course. Here's a tip: If you are a golfer, when making your reservations, call the hotel to find out if there are any events at either of the courses during your stay (there are two -- the river course, and the ocean course). Since neither of the golf courses are owned by the hotel (they have a share in them that allows golfers from the Westin access), you have to make sure that there are no events scheduled. He went downstairs to speak with the manager. She was polite and apologized for the inconvenience, giving us two free lunches the next day. Should she have given him a free round of golf? Yeah, she should have. But she didn't. Hence the four-star rating rather than a five.Once getting over that hurdle, we went downstairs to a restaurant called Marbella. Marbella is the casual dining, everyday place. It's pricey, yes. But you have to expect that when going away. If you go to a resort thinking that you can be frugal, your naivete is going to get you into trouble. These places are expensive. The food was great, the service impeccable. If you do decide to go, ask to sit in Juan's area -- he's there for breakfast and lunch. The grounds were amazing. Meticulously cared for, and absolutely stunning. We're normally beach people, but we weren't big fans of the sand quality (it's a little muddy), so we spent most of our time under a cabana tent by the quiet pool. Here's another tip: Get down there early if you want one of the two available cabana tents. We're early risers, so it was great. There are umbrellas that you can sit under, but the tent was pretty awesome.A previous reviewer mentioned that the iguanas were like dogs, and they were right. It was pretty amazing to see these dinosaur like creatures waddle out from the surrounding greens and walk along the pool area. We even saw a few of them take a dip in the pool! They don't bother you -- much preferring to nibble at some of the grass than take a bite out of a tourist. They're so used to having people around that it almost seems that they stop to pose for pictures, of which many were taken.At the pool area, waiters and waitresses frequently stop by to ask if you want a drink, or some food from the Coqui bar (named for the famed Coqui frogs). They even carry laminated menus with them for those not familiar with the food selection. If you go during the summer, you have to realize that it is the off-season. This is when hotels do repairs. It's the price you pay for lowered rates and a less crowded atmosphere. We were a bit disappointed that the italian place, Palio, was closed. But we did go to the Asian restaurant, Shimas, and had some amazing food. We're generally casual diners, so we spent most of our nights at Marbella. They have buffets on several evenings, and did have a selection from Palio available. We got some amazing Italian food. If you go when it's open, I highly recommend it.Before I finish my rambling, I would like to say that we had a great time. We are definitely going back next year, and I highly recommend this resort. If you find that the service isn't to your liking, try to smile. Be extra friendly. I work in the customer service industry, and I'll tell ya -- a smile goes a really long way towards improved service.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't expect too much My boyfriend and I just got back from Puerto Rico (our first time visiting) and we stayed at the Westin Rio Mar for 4 nights. It's an ideal location if you intend to tour the northeast part of Puerto Rico (El Yunque, Luquillo beaches, Las Croabas biolumenescent bay). The hotel services were good, staff were courteous and facilities were clean. During our stay, we found that the pools were cleaned on a daily basis, which was a plus due to the heavy usage. Since there were two pools, we were able to get away from the kids by utilizing the smaller pool (without the slides). Like someone else mentioned, you should go early to get your towel supply for the day as they limit up to 5 towels per room. The restaurant (Marbella) was overpriced - $12 for a mediocre sandwich, and service was non-existent. If you are accustomed to service at restaurants in New York, be prepared to be disappointed. We only had dinner on our first night there because we were desperately tired. After that, we found better dining options at local restaurants outside the resort. The breakfast buffet was acceptable, for $18, it better be! Also, be prepared to pay $10 parking per day if you rented a car outside the resort (if you rented from Avis within the resort, you still have to pay $5 per day). The tour package offered by the hotel is again, overpriced. Unless you have no other option, skip them and go on your own. Also note, they're renovating the spa and laundry room, so if you need to do laundry on your own, you can't. However, they give 50% off the laundry service to compensate.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MonkeyFoot
<Content>Amazing Vacation My boyfriend and I just returned last night from a week at the Westin Rio Mar (August 8 - 14). This resort is wonderful. The grounds are beautiful and very well maintained. It's a great place to go if you enjoy golfing. However, even if you aren't there to golf (like us) you will have a great time. There are two very nice pools with plenty of lounge chairs and towels to go around. Althought the pools officially close at 8:00, we made a habit of taking a dip after dinner each night, as did others. In addition to the pools, there is easy access to the beach which is in very good condition. The water was a little rough a few days while we were there (strong rip tides) but definitely swimable and enjoyable. We had absolutely no problems with service. In fact, it was great. We had a broken t.v. when we arrived and it was exchanged with a new one within 15 minutes. We had room service daily and it always arrived before the estimated time. The staff was all very friendly and helpful. Our room was resort view and we had a very nice view of the pool area and the ocean in the background. We ate at all of the restaurants except for Palio's (which was no opened) and Ajili Mohili. All of the food was very good. My favorite was the Asian/Sushi restaurant. We also enjoyed the Grille Room. The food, however, was very pricey at all of the food establishments. This is the only complaint that I've read on Trip Advisor that I agree with. My boyfriend and I decided to pay the extra money and do the All Inclusive meal plan. It was more money but it was well worth the extra cost. We both loved the resort and had a great vacation. If you go make sure you visit the RainForest and I highly recommend the snorkeling trip on the catamaran. We had a wonderful time. We plan to return.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Start  We just returned from four days and three nights at the Westin, having shortened our luxurious stay at El Convento in order to find more kid-friendly activities for our 2 year old. The beginning and ending were real problems because of the poor management and the quality of the facility; however, the middle of our stay was pleasant. All in all, we can鈥檛 recommend the Westin unless you pay less than $150 a night and leave your expectations about quality management at home.Before our bellboy could bring our luggage fully into the room, my wife touched the AC controls and walked away toward our daughter. Behind her, a heavy steel venting door detached from the wall and came crashing down on her leg, narrowly missing our child and seriously bruising my wife鈥檚 leg in two places. The management鈥檚 immediate response? They moved us to a similar room but in a construction zone, offered her a doctor to see and left us an ice pack and bandage. That would have been the end of it from their standpoint if we hadn鈥檛 called the manager, Cliff Hernandez, and asked him if the hotel had a policy of doing anything more for the guests they injured. Cliff wanted to get back to us with a response. For days we waited. Upon check-out we called again only to learn that Cliff was out that day but left word to relieve our bill of two of the miserable and high-priced meals we were trapped into at two of the Westin鈥檚 three restaurants. We read the note he left on the screen for the subordinate: 鈥淕ive them two free meals and, if necessary, something else.鈥?The subordinate quickly closed the screen and she deemed nothing else necessary. We could wait to see someone else, she said, but we鈥檇 already enjoyed enough insult for one injury.Big deal? For the money and the supposed 4-star Westin fanfare, yes. (You鈥檙e bombarded with Westin commercials for their world-reknowned greatness.) The beach is long and lovely. The pools are what you鈥檇 expect. The casino is small and ordinary. The food is below average and鈥攁s you鈥檇 expect in an isolated resort where price-gauging is possible鈥攙ery expensive (e.g., $25 entrees at the mid-priced restaurant). The service is generally spotty and occasionally rough. The front desk workers are slow and few. The single beach bar closes at 5. Lifeguards come on and off at odd times, literally raising red flags to cover their absences. The fitness center and spa were鈥攁gain like so many places that just have to say they offer them now鈥攔emote, unappealing or being renovated. And for such a huge, self-contained location, there is almost no music, no festivity, no dancing and no soul. The issue usually comes down to the price of these look-alike vacations and the caliber of the management, particularly when something goes wrong. The Westin had no policy, no answer, inadequate courtesy and, ultimately, no class. We were simply put off, which is not what we paid a small fortune for. You can do better at Fajardo not much farther away with the same amenities or seek the same rates closer to the city at more reputable chains such as The Ritz or The Wyndham hotels.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mcguillicudy
<Content>a nice end to our trip We stayed here our last 5 nights of our 2 week vacation in PR. We were a little leary of a big resort as we stayed in small places all of this trip and on our previous trip, but we were VERY impressed. Upon check-in, we asked if there was any way to get an upgrade and were given an upgrade to a pool view room, which, to our suprise was actually also a beach view. We were travelling with 2 small children, but that was no problem, as this resort was full of families with children and was very family friendly. We requested a crib for our 3 month old and it was brought to our room very promptly.The pool was great- our son fell in love with the pool slide and exhausted us daily by going down it multiple times. One very nice thing is you have the option to go to either the pool or the beach- they are right by each other. The other thing that is very cool about this place is the local iguana population. They are like dogs. You will be sitting reading a book by the pool and next thing you know, an iguana is hanging out by you. They are quite large and are unfazed by people. They have an iguana feeding at 1100 several times per week, so make sure to catch it, especially if traveling with children.One thing to watch out for is that the food is VERY expensive. Our family (2 adults and our toddler) plus a friend of ours ate a very bland mexican food dinner- not very big at all and the bill came to $100. This was entrees (no seafood- taco salads) for all and one beer each for the adults. Ouch!!!!! There is plenty of good local food right outside the gate. Our favorite was a pizza place- we can't remember the name, but it was just off the main highway, on the right hand side as you turn on the street to the resort- there is a candy shop right next to it. The bonus is that they deliver to the resort. We still crave this pizza!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A BIG Disappointment 4-Star Resort with Zero Star Service says it all. We stayed at the Rio Mar from 8/1 to 8/4 and experienced many of the same frustrations mentioned in previous reviews. The facility and the grounds are absolutely beautiful -- no denying that. For the prices they charge, one would expect top-notch service as well, but they simply do not deliver and leave you with the distinct impression that they could care less. We reserved and paid for ocean-view rooms. Although the rooms faced the ocean, it was barely visible through the large palm trees in front of our balcony. We had reserved 2 rooms, but one of them was not ready yet since we had arrived prior to the 3:00 p.m. check-in time. We were told that we could get into one of the rooms to relax and store our luggage and they would bring up the keys to the second room when it was finished. Finally, about 3:30 p.m. we returned to the front desk to retrieve the keys to our other room. We also had no key to the safe in our room. We contacted the front desk. Four hours later, still no key. We visited the front desk again who called security. Security said they were never called about the problem the first time. The desk attendant said that if they didn't deliver a key to our room within 20 minutes or so that we should try contacting security OURSELVES. There must have been a shortage of washcloths because houskeeping would pick up the dirty ones, but not replace them with clean ones. I called housekeeping and requested 2 washcloths, but the next day following service to our room, no more washcloths! We ate breakfast at Marbella twice and both times had to catch the waiter's attention to please bring us the check. Once he brought our coffee and juice, we were totally ignored -- no follow-up whatsoever to see if everything was okay or if we needed anything else. Upon leaving the restaurant and passing by the hostess stand I am accustomed to a Thank you! Have a nice day! or other acknowledgement of our patronage. Not here. One of my kids had a newly-opened bag of Starbursts candy laying on the desk and upon returning from dinner found it nearly empty. (Housekeeping had apparently helped themselves during their evening visit.) Parasailing was unavailable because the boat was broken and they didn't know when it would be fixed. Three of the four waverunners were also out of commission. No apologies from any of the watersports staff. We have stayed at various other Starwood properties and have always been impressed with how well we were treated. The Westin Rio Mar is a bad apple in need of some serious upgrades in their hospitality and customer service. We will not return.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>kids rule here!! i have read every one of these reviews before i booked my trip. i can honestly say most are accurate,we have two boys 10 and 12 so we wanted a kid friendly place. if you are looking for a fancy romantic place to be pampered then this is not the place for you. if you want to have fun let your hair down and go with the flow this is definetly the resort. there are kids everywhere having a ball (mostly locals)so there is no way to have a quiet pool. the beach and waves are so much fun, we walked a couple hundred yards towards the east and found a river that meets the ocean which flows down from the rain forest, the kids loved it. especially the huge iguanas walking around the pool area.the rain forest was fantastic.you must walk to la mina falls and go swimming.old san juan and the fortress is a must. do not do the tours with the hotel, we rented a car for $70 bucks and did both tours ourselves at our leisure and saved over $250. directions are simple. this definetly looks like a 4 star resort, it's just not run that way. if you tell yourself that before you get there you will have a great time. we had a blast!!! i'll be glad to respond to any e-mail questions.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 Star Resort with Zero Star Service The Westin Rio Mar is a 4 Star Resort with Zero Star service. The Hotel itself was beautiful but the majority of the staff was extremely rude. The valets, the woman that checked us in and the servers at the Mirabella restaurant were the only pleasant people we found. We had a smooth check-in but from that point it was downhill full speed. We checked in at the Starwood Preferred Guest counter. Which was pleasant. Once we got to our room the trouble began. We had to call down to house keeping to change our feather pillows to foam pillows (even though we requested that ahead of time due to allergies) and waited for about 1/2 hour for them to come. Then we only had 4 hangers in our closet, so we called house keeping, who brought up flimsy wire hangers...We were almost finished unpacking when I realized that the safe was missing it's key. So my husband made another call to have that taken care of. We were told they would be up within an hour to replace the lock. So instead of waiting in the room, we headed to the pool with our valuables and cash. After finishing at the pool, we headed to the concierge and proceeded to wait on line for 15 minutes as there was only ONE. After asking for suggestions for local restaurants we were given a binder (the only binder) of menus for the hotel's restaurants and were brushed aside before we were finished. After 2 1/2 hours we returned to our room to discover that the safe was not fixed. My husband called down to the desk again...no answer.....called a second time....no answer. So we went downstairs and stood at the Starwood Preferred Guest counter to be helped. There were a few people waiting on the regular line and they were being helped, which is fine with me, I didn't mind that. But once the people that arrived after we did started to be helped before us we got upset. I'm not really sure what the Starwood Preferred Guest gets, but I intend to cut up my card and mail it back to The Westin since it seems to be useless. My husband then left me on that line to get on the regular line and was finally helped. All the while the counter people saw me standing there waiting. We stated that our safe was still not fixed and our other issues. They basically shrugged their shoulders at us and offered to let us keep our things in their safe. I'm sorry, but at this point there was no way I would trust them with anything. We asked to speak to the manager and she was down right nasty. My husband politely asked if they could do something for us for our inconveniences. With disgust she said she could give us breakfast the next day. My husband then politely asked if they could do something for us for dinner since by this time it was 7:30pm and we still had no idea where to eat since the one and only concierge was no help. She very rudely replied I said I can give you breakfast. We are very tolerant people, but that was the last straw. When we returned to our room my husband called the Westin headquarters to speak to someone about our issues, which after only being there a few hours were many. After he got off the phone the hotel manager called and rudely told us we would be getting 2500 Starwood points, then she hung up. Apparently she was not happy that we called The Westin customer service to complain. I decided to take a shower to relax and there were 2 towels, no wash cloths and no soap...yet another call to house keeping. The bartenders at the pool bar were nasty as well. If you order a drink and you get the wrong thing...watch out if you question it....they'll take your drink back and walk away mumbling something in Spanish (lucky for us but un-lucky for the bartender my husband speaks Spanish and understood what he said...and it wasn't nice). The self parking lots were always full since non-hotel guests can park in the closer lot and hang out at the casino, beach and pool there while the paying guests have to walk a mile from their cars because all the spots in the garage are taken. This is after they charge you $10 a day to self park. The pool area was always crowded and the so called Quiet Pool was nothing of the sort. There were kids jumping around yelling and screaming, leaving food all over the ground, throwing balls and jumping off floats and not once did anyone from the hotel enforce the quiet pool rules. And be sure to get to the towel hut early, those run out fast. I could go on forever, but you get the idea. I went on TripAdvisor before the trip and saw alot of bad reviews but I thought 'it can't be that bad'! The next time I read multiple bad reviews I will take the advise. We gave the Westin the benefit of the doubt and am I ever sorry. I can without a doubt say this was the worst hotel experience we've ever had. After taking our own survey of other hotel guests during our stay, we found out that we were not the only ones who felt this way. We were told that someone from Westin Executive offices would be contacting us.....we're still waiting. Our advise.....STAY AWAY!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A one week stay at the Westin We just returned from a one-week stay at the Westin -- a family vacation. I had read all the reviews extensively, about this hotel before leaving. The flavor that you get from reading these reviews is accurate. The hotel grounds and beach are first class. The beach privacy is perhaps its best feature. The beach is well-maintained, groomed every morning, and there were adequate chairs and beach umbrellas. The pools were beautiful, and very nice. The rooms are just average--not fancy by any stretch of the imagination. They are well soundproofed. They served well the only function that we could request of them -- a place to sleep. We found the staff to be friendly and polite and attentive. I was continually amazed at the check-in line at the front desk, every day. They are truly long waits regarding check-in. The price of drinks is unfortunately and unnecessarily ridiculous -- a glass of wine costs $10 and beach drinks --8.50. We did like the breakfast buffet (did that twice) which is served in the main facility-- at a price of $18 for adult and nine dollars for children (once my 19 and 16 year olds were childern--the other time adults; go figure). What we did for most breakfasts however was to buy boxes of dry cereal, local fruit, plastic bowls, plastic spoons, and purchase a large glass of fresh milk at the snack bar every morning. Much cheaper. They do have a nice outdoor lunch facility near the end of the larger pool for very nice sandwiches and french fries. Soft drink refills are free. The lunch menu items are about 10-12 dollars each, and splitting a sandwich provides ample portions. Cactus Jack's was only average, and expensive. The Grill was supposedly our fancy dinner for the vacation -- our last night. It was very stiff and formal. Entrees averaged about $40-- a total of $250 for four people and less than average quality. There is a nice shopping plaza in Fijardo--about a 15 minute drive further east from the Hotel, which has several choices for restaruants/dining/theaters at a much more affordable cost. I would definately rent a car from the airport (Hotwire), which we were able to get for 26$ a day. The additional $10 per day parking fee at the hotel is somewhat insulting, but seems to be standard these days. There is quite a great distance between parking and the hotel -- more than a five-minute walk. The hotel is directly across from the road that goes to the rain forest--which is free if you don't stop at the visitors center. We were able to drive into San Juan/Old San Juan without too much difficulty and is a definate must do-- it is approximately 30 minute drive. In Fijardo we were able to do a Bio Bay Kiak tour(you can bargin to get to a price of 25-30$ per person), and a separate cataraman snorkel excursion (Eastwind--59$ per person--lunch, drinks and gear provided--a 6 hour adventure). The concierge desk will give written directions about how to reach these places, and be sure that you get these directions. We found driving to be very confusing. The roads are narrow and often in poor condition. There is no such thing as a street sign anywhere, and we encountered difficulties in this respect on numerous occasions. The directions from the concierge desk will be very beneficial in that they are given in terms of stoplights and landmarks to allow you to get to your destination. Driving by yourself will save you substantial amounts of money in terms of the price that would cost if you arranged these functions through the hotel and their transportation. I have no regrets about this choice for lodging, and would stay there again. I would be happy to reply to questions/advice such as I am able to provide.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great vacation Many of the reviews are correct..this is a great resort, very beautiful, great golf, and a great pool  beach area. The food is excellent but, like other resorts, is expensive. We particularly enjoyed the Italian restaurant and the restaurant on the top floor of the golf shop. The service is inconsistent.. sometimes it was excellent and sometimes it was slow. If you mentally tell yourself before you go, as we did after reading other reviews, that the service may not be great, you won't be disappointed (as we weren't). Other than this inconsistent service, the place is OUTSTANDING and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort! We stayed here for one night on the 7th floor facing the graden view. The room had an incredible view of the rainforest and the greenery.The beach is great, with good waves (even though it is more mucky then the incredible beaches of St Thomas). It not lit at night.Westin screwed up our airport pickup, but made up for it with free airport transfers both ways.The resort is truly breathtaking, and is worth a visit. I'd stay there again if I was in the vicinity.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful property,lousy service just came back from a weeks stay at the westin rio mar. the property is very beautiful and nicely maintained. on the other hand , the service was awfull. when we arrived, we had to carry our own bags into the rooms, this is ok if you are staying at a less expensive hotel, but for a four star hotel, that's unacceptible. the waitors were slow and you had to constantly call them for any kind of service.the front desk was also very inefficient and SLOW.would i recommend this hotel ?the anwser is NO .  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay This is a beautiful and wonderfully maintained hotel in a great location. There was 9 of us. The hotel was able to put 3 rooms together with a great view of the rain forest. Rooms are clean and spacious with individual balconies. The staff was extremely friendly (other than the tikki bar staff), the housekeeping was exceptional and highly attentive and the concierge and front desk personnel were some of the best we've ever seen.The beach is very nice and we spent most of our time there. The golf courses are tight and fun to play.Complaints:-food is expensive. Quality is good, but be prepared to pay for it.-lack of organized sporting activities. The activity desk would list the activities for the day but it was up to us to follow-up or initiate. The only organized activity that we could take advantage of was water aerobics.I would recommend this hotel and we stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away!! Horrible service, especially at the hotel restaurants. This is a beautiful property which disappoints with its staff. As a Platinum guest, I expected courtesy at a minimum, and was met with brusque, rude service at the front desk and long, long waits at the restaurant, especially at Mirabella, where I was virtually ignored!! I for one will never stay at this resort again. Other Starwood properties have done much, much better.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost Paradise Just returned from trip (7/10-14). Service was awesome - from check-in, to the restaurants, to concierge, housekeeping, security, and bell staff - everyone was attentive to our requests. We had dinner in 4 different restaurants, all were good - the Asian was our favorite. Had an oceanview room on the 7th floor, with a beautiful view of ocean, courtyard and pool. Since this time of year is considered low season, lounge chairs and towels (up to 4 per room) are available around the pool and on the beach - without having to stake out a spot at 8 AM. The beach was clean, the water was warm and there was always a cool breeze. As expected, resort was pricey. Drinks at approx. $6-8 each, depending on type. Soda at the Tiki Bar was 2.50 for a cup, you don't get the whole can. Bike rental was $8/person/hour. The overall experience was great, relaxing and stress-free. There isn't anything we would change about our experience. Can't wait to go back and listen to the Coqui frogs singing at night.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>troyboy
<Content>Beautiful Grounds, Great Beach and Pool, but.. Just came back from a week at the Westin. The weather was awesome, so it made our stay much more pleasant than it really was. The resort itself is very scenic and beautiful (nestled between the beach and the rainforest), the architecture of the hotel, the landscaping, and the surrounding grounds...were always meticulious and clean! The beach is nice and if you get a upper level room facing the ocean, the vista is stunning. Now for the bad, we waited over an hour in line to check-in (and I am an SPG member!). The room was clean but a bit small compared to other Starwood properties we've stayed at. Be prepared on weekends (especially on Sundays!!) to share the resort with many of the locals who go there to use the facilities (i.e. beaches, pools etc). Seems the hotels allows the locals to use the facilities as long as they pay for parking and pool passes. FYI, The hotel is out of the way, so if you are looking for rest and relaxation by the beach or pool (as we were), this good hotel is a good choice. But, if you are looking for nite life, rent a car, or be prepared to pay alot for taxi service, because there is nothing near by.Also, the service at some of the restaurants, could use improvements. Seems as if many of the waiters (especially at Mirabella for dinner) weren't too concerned about your dining experience. Also, not all restaurants are open all week, so if you have a preference to a certain restaurant, make sure you check when it is open when you arrive!Overall, we did not find this property on level of other Starwood properties we have stayed at. But we did enjoy the stay!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>$$$$We stayed at the Westin 7/4/03 We stayed at the Westin 6/25-7/5. It was nice while it was not full but once the crowd arrived I stayed in my room. Children are every where and the staff does not make them stay out of the adult pool. The grounds are beautiful. The hotel, rooms etc. are very nice. They were a little damp but it's the Caribbean! I was concerned after reading some bad reviews. I am pleased to say that I don't have anything bad to say about the place. I reccomend renting a car from the airport or getting the all inclusive because food at the resort is pricey. Of course you'll have to pay $10 daily to park but in the end it's worth it! Also the bar is expensive and the drinks had very little boose in them. Bring your own drinks!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mdcrim
<Content>Price was right, but not 4-star Okay, so the price was right ($99 per night), so I can't complaint too much. A little about the hotel. It's 7 stories w/ the lobby on the 3rd floor. Very weird layout. We were originally given a 1st floor room and to get to the parking lot had to either go to the 3rd floor, pass through the lobby, pass the casino and arcade, then to an elevator back down to the 1st floor to the parking garage OR we would have to walk around the outside of the hotel.In regard to being a 4-star, there's just no way. Checked in as a member of Starwood Preferred. Requested possibility of an upgrade and was told it would be $50 per night. Was given a 1st floor room with the view of the top of a palm tree, literally-we might as well have had no window-we couldn't see anything. There was no hair dryer in the room which surprised me due to the humid climate.On day 3, finally decided it would be worth the extra $50 per night to have some sort of view. Went to the front desk, and was given an upgrade to a partial ocean view room for free-go figure. In the 2nd room, the safe did not have a locking mechanism, but the room DID have a hairdryer.The pools were nice. We actually had more rr at the larger, kid-friendly pool. because the quiet pool was full of kids. The beach was great-good bodysurfing waves and barely crowded. But a warning about the beach. We found 2 jagged peices of broken bottles in the water, where the swimming beach was. Lucky for us we found them before we stepped on them. We also saw that someone else had put peices of broken bottles on a lounge chair by the beach-just assuming they had found them while swimming, too. So, watch your feet.The Tiki bar charges $8.50 for a little Pina Colada-to be expected at a resort, but wanted to warn you.Had a good time regardless of the irritations, but would not go back to that hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice I recently stayed at the WESTIN RIO MAR and I can say that we had a pleasurable visit. The hotel was very nice and the service was okay. When we firsty got there, our room weren't ready (ALONG WITH ABOUT 10 OTHERS) so we had to wait an hour and half after traveling for almost 12 hours to get there. We had a problem with our bathroom and after calling 4 times and dealing with a nasty house maid we were moved The food was GREAT but very expensive.There is not much to do on the resort expecially at night. It's best to rent a car and tour the island yourself. Cab fare is absolutely ridiculous.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wow!!!!! Wow, the Westin Rio Mar Beach in Rio Grande, San Juan was just breath taking! The atmoshphere was outstanding. I just came back from Puerto Rico today 7/12/2004. The only misfortune was when they initially took my credit card they billed me for $500.00 rather then $200.00. Need to check you credit card statement carefully. I called customer service and they are looking into this urgent matter. I would definitely visit again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel by far I live in P.R. and stay at least 5 times a year in different hotels of the island just for pleasure. Best hotel in the island; good beach, good pools, excellent rooms, excellent golf club, excellent restaurants, very good casino. Food is expensive but very good, try to get an offer with breakfast included($19.00 per person). Nobody beats Westin beds.If you want to party late in the night, its not the place for you, is better for a romantic getaway or to be with your family and kids. Needs to have a good nightclub. use to have one but was closed. Excellent for golf and tennis.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service Nightmare The other reviews here comment on how nice the hotel can be - here is our experience (as a Gold Tier Starwood Preferred Guest.)On the positive side, our family enjoyed the beach.On the negative side, here is the list: - 45 minutes to check in using the special Starwood Preferred Guest line (the regular guest line, although much longer, moved more quickly - go figure...) - While waiting, the bell staff stored our luggage (without advising us) With five pieces and only one claim check, we had to go to the luggage room to identify our bags. - No hangers in the room (this was a personal first after traveling extensively for over 30 years.) - Awakened at 9:00am by jack-hammering and drilling. The wing of the hotel had apparently been scheduled for 3-4 days of construction (exactly coinciding with our stay.) On our third phone call to the desk, we finally got someone to change our room.The hotel has a great location, and is a good facility (certainly not great, and not up to typical Westin standards), but the service was really bad - everything we experienced could have been easily avoided by a management team that was thinking about the guest experience.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYCgirlglobtrotting
<Content>Wonderful, Not for Cheapskates The Rio Grand is a wonderful hotel. We had wonderful experiences with the staff. The hotel is in a remote location but it is ideal for rest and relaxation. The food at the hotel is not cheap but this is not the place for the budget traveler or the party animal. If you want to see Puerto Rico it is suggested that you rent a car, and expect traffic. It is truely a family resort so there are children everywhere, unlike other resorts they are not contained, so if you don't like looking at children this isn't the hotel for you. My only complaint is that for the hotel to be in such a remote location where guest are secluded they are in desterate need of a activity planner, so that there is always fun to be had.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good resort Visited the Westin on June 20 to 24th. Checked in quickly , found that we had a smoking room and had to change rooms. Placed us on the 6th floor overlooking the ocean. Excellent view. the pools were in good shape, the site was not too crowded as well. Some of the resturants were closed during our stay and some had dress codes. Cactus jacks was very good. Our buffet at Maribella was very good as well. the beach itself could use some clean up, but not too bad. the ocean was warm and many 2 to 3 foot waves. the casino is small, but has many of the slots and table games. golf was excellent, I was able to play by myself and really relax and take my time, no one else playing at 7:30am. prices go down after 2pm. All in all it was a very good trip, Just took the schuttle to eat and golf. no driving at all. I would go back again..  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent 7-day stay at the Westin Rio Mar We just returned from the Westin Rio Mar where we spent 7 wonderful days. The property is beautiful, located between the mountains of the Yunque rain forest and the sea.We had a large room on the ocean with an open view and the continuous soothing sound of the waves.The amenities are excellent and the service is first class. After reading some of the previous reviews, I was a little concerned but our personal impression was totally the opposite. The staff was always smiling and dedicated to offer the best service. Speaking Spanish may have helped a little but they are all bi-lingual and ready to assist you upon request. The food was excellent (I enjoyed a wonderful snapper one evening鈥? cooked to perfection) even if a little expensive (but this is what you expect in a hotel of this category.)Definitely a place that I would recommend to my friends.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort; some complaints My husband and I just returned from a 4 day stay at the Westin. The hotel itself, the beach and the grounds are superior, absolutely gorgeous and immaculate. The beach especially is extremely well-maintained. They have ample chairs, some are cushioned, both alongside the beautiful pools and on the beach itself. But for a high-priced resort we were disappointed with a few points. The rooms are a bit sub-standard for a resort and the housekeeping is so-so (our maid forgot face towels entirely one day). The bathrooms were not spotless as you'd expect from a Westin. As well, this is a picky point, the hotel says that they deliver a newspaper to your room every morning, but none ever came. When I called to inquire, the concierge rudely said they had discontinued this service. I've never stayed in a Starwood or a comprable hotel where they didn't deliver a paper to your door every morning. The hotel literature provided, as well, is sadly out of date.The restaurants were ridiculously overpriced. The Grill Room was well-worth it as the food was excellent, but the other restaurants had below-average food. The Tiki Bar prices were insulting as well. We rented a car at the hotel and were forced to pay for hotel parking, which is just silly. At such a resort, to be nickel and dimed is just insulting. Also, avoid the tours the hotel offers. They are beyond ridiculous in terms of their prices. They charge $75 for a tour of the rainforest, when you can rent a car for that money, tour it leisurely on your own for free, and drive someplace else for dinner.As well, as the hotel is on a country club golf and tennis club, I suspect that many of the pool and beach occupants were club members' families. It is a kid friendly (albeit very expensive) place, but if you don't have kids and you don't like loud children in your quiet pool, avoid avoid avoid. There was never any quiet pool and the hottubs were constantly filled with children splashing about.We would not return.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation experience My husband and I just returned from 5 days at the Westin Rio Mar, where we celebrated our wedding anniversary. We found every aspect of this resort to be first class. The service was extraordinary, and the staff were friendly and helpful in every way. The room was gorgeous. Our friends in Puerto Rico told us this hotel is the only one they stay in themselves and recommend to others. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Westin!!!!!! Don't trust all of the negative comments made by some travelers.....My husband and I recently stayed at the Westin and I want to provide you with an honest opinion - I highly recommend the Westin RioMar Resort. It is a large, beautifully landscaped property with all amenities one would desire for a great getaway. My husband and I stayed for 2 nights and enjoyed every moment - the only advice I can give is to bring some Off spray if you're prone to insect bites. The first night we walked out to the beach at approx. 6pm, sort of a humid evening, and I was surrounded by sea gnats. My husband did not get bit, but I managed to get over 100 bites on my legs and arms. Had no clue or would have prepared. I did make it out again the following day and there weren't any so depends on weather, but just be careful. Other than having a slow check-in, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this wonderful resort. The rooms are very nice and clean/comfortable, no outside noises were audible. The food was very good and adequately priced, although we did go outside of the resort as well (by the highway) to a Puerto Rican restaurant called Antojitos which was fantastic (try the fried Red Snapper). We also went to El Yunque Rainforest (great day trip!!). Then it was off to a great time in Old San Juan. You will be very pleased with your stay at the Westin RioMar - it is well worth it - I'm already planning a return trip there during the harsh winter here in Michigan!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sangoofy
<Content>Wonderful Time, Beautiful Resort We stayed at the Westin for 3 days prior to our cruise. This resort was absolutely gorgeous. The beach was clean with plenty of chairs to lay out on. The pool areas (2) were just as beautiful as the website shows. Our room was overlooking the ocean so we had a beautiful view. Service was impeccable. Food was great although a bit pricey. We at meals at Cobitos (outside pool area), Cactus Jack's (Tex-Mex), and The Grille Room (fancy evening restaurant). Breakfast each day was at Marbella's with a full buffet to choose from. Rented a couple of wave runners for the first time and had a ball. We traveled with 2 other families and all agreed the resort was a great choice to stay. Had 2 12 yrs old , 1 15 yr old and 1 18 yr old with our party and they too had a ball. Adults tried casino onsite, slot machines a bit tight compared to Vegas, but won a few dollars on Roulette table so happy with that too. If you have a chance to spend some time at this resort, do so, you won't be sorry. My son was enthralled with all the iguanas and geckos running around just like we have squirrels back home. Wonderful start to a wonderful vacation.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cousteau
<Content>Pretty spot, service poor when crowded We stayed here over Easter weekend. Hotel at max capacity, which was expected. Waited 45 min at check-in to find out my room wasn't ready, so we went to beach for 3 hours. Came back at 6 pm, ready to blow my top when they said they had upgraded us to the 7th floor (free breakfast  happy hour). After we saw our large ocean-view room (had reserved non ocean-view), we were happy - was well worth the wait and they took care of us w/o asking. Restaurants are very, very expensive - even my my kids said we should go off-site. Beach and pool chairs are really all taken by mid-morning while we were there. Also, they rarely had fresh towels which I had never heard of before. Facility is new and very pretty. Grounds beautiful. Has seperate kid  adult pools.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time! great facilities! Great Graduation!       My sister's graduation  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BATravelerBA
<Content>Unexplained staff member in room and screaming children everywhere When we arrived we were delighted with our room and the wonderful ocean view. The room was clean and large.The longer we stayed the worse things got.Some of the problems we encountered included:- screaming, uncontrolled children everywhere and I mean everywhere. In the hall, at the pool, at the beach, in the lobby, in the parking lot, you name there were kids out of control making it impossible to relax.- difficult to find a beach chair that was not wet or next to obnoxious children. Most of the beach chairs near the ocean were old and had rusty screws sticking out of the sides at eye level.- thin hotel room walls made it impossible to relax and sleep in our own room. We could hear the people in the hotel room next to us clearly speaking, as if they were in our own room. They were screaming and yelling and partying and the hotel security did NOTHING about this problem. We called 5 times one evening and the hotel staff kept promising to take action, but it was never done. We had to put in ear plugs to finally mute out these neighbors in order to fall asleep. But, we were awaken by these same neighbors the next morning at 6a.- the hall tends to echo and people are inconsiderate when walking down the hall at odd hours talking and screaming and slamming doors. It is next to impossible to sleep in your room without earplugs.- the hotel charges $10 to self park and $15 for valet. The self parking lot was often full during our visit b/c of graduation ceremonies being held. - staff in the self parking area were rude, unhelpful, and drove there golf carts as fast as they could to cut you off (as is true for most drivers in Puerto Rico)- food is overpriced. Luckily, the breakfast buffet was included in our package that we ordered through Costco. Otherwise, the breakfast buffet would have cost $18.50 pp plus tip. The food for lunch and dinner was a RIP OFF, we never ate at the resort other than our inclusive breakfast, we did not give them the pleasure of stealing our money.- the hotel is incredibly large and easy to get lost in due to poor signage (or complete lack there of).- the hotel excursions are EXTREMELY overpriced. Luckily we had a car and were able to partake in activities on our own.- on the last morning of our visit we returned to our room from breakfast and found a hotel staff member in our room with the door closed. He claimed to be with room service and had the wrong room. He had no food with him and no trays outside the door. - When we discussed the aforementioned issues with the manager, she apologized, but was cold.- the hotel is isolated and about 45 minutes from San Juan. Considering the traffic in San Juan, this is a good thing, but if you want nightlife and meal options outside the resort, it is a bad thin, especially if you don't have your own rental car. It is cheaper to rent a car for 2 people than it is to pay the hotel shuttle fee to/from the airport, not to mention the outrageous taxi and hotel shuttle fees to and from San Juan, just for a side trip.On the plus side, this resort was right across the highway from the rain forest. The hotel charges approximately $35 pp for a tour, but if you have a rental car you can tour it for $3 pp.We also spent a night at the Wyndham Old San Juan and would definately recommend staying at that hotel, as opposed to the Westin Rio Mar.We will never again stay at the Westin Rio Mar.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay! My husband and I were at the resort the last week of April as a corporate award. Conveniently, we also celebrated our 1st wedding anniversary. The concierge staff was most helpful in helping us decide the best excursions for us on the budget we had (By the way the horseback riding was the best I've been on and the catamaran snorkeling was excellent!) and the flower shop did an awesome job at decorating our room for our special evening. We enjoyed playing in the Atlantic Ocean, collecting shells and the Iguanas were a pleasant treat to watch. If you can afford a flight over to the other nearby Islands we suggest it highly. We made arrangements through the concierge to fly over to St. Thomas and had an excellent time. The ocean was soo beautiful over there! Overall the staff, accomodations and resort grounds made for a very pleasant and fun trip for the both of us. If we ever make it back to Puerto Rico we would definitely like to stay there again.   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DivaDivinaNYC
<Content>Beautiful Resort...had a wonderful time I stayed at the Westin Rio Mar during the Memorial day holiday and we had a great time overall. I thought we were going to start off on a bad foot because we got two double beds instead of one king size, but to our surprise they made every effort to accomodate us. The hotel was at capacity so we couldn't get another room, but a few minute later someone came to our room and created a super king size bed, which was just as good or even beter so the bed situation was no longer a problem. The weather was beautiful so we took full advantage of their two pools and of course the beach. There were a lot of children there, but they were very well behaved and were fun to be around them. The hotel food is expensive, but I would like to know of a 4 star hotel that has inexpensive food, there isn't one and we were prepared. The breakfast buffet was excellent, we ate there every morning. The hotel is about 40 min from SJU airport because of the heavy traffic. I would recommend renting a car before you arrive because in the long run it is cheaper...the hotel charges $50 roundtrip per person for transfers and the tours are expensive. If you rent a car you can get directions to anywhere from the hotel conceirge desk...they were really pleasant and helpful. Overall we had a wonderful time and did not have a single unpleasant moment. I would highly recommend this hotel....it's gorgeous!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not 4 stars Musty rooms, my balcony was not covered. Rained 3 days straight and my sliding door leaked. Was met in the pool by Iquanas who jumped in and did god knows what..Overpriced bars with 8 dollar beers. Did not take long to rack up 1000 there. Small casino with unfriendly dealers. Overall rated poor,   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful property, poor service, over priced Well let me start by saying the resort was absolutely beautiful as far as the grounds are concerned.The rooms needed to be redone, old and outdated looking. We stayed in an oceanfront junior suite, which by no means met up to my standards of a four star room. The biggest problem we encoutered was being nickel and dimed to death, charges for eveything. Nothing, and I do mean nothing is given complimentary at this resort. Non-motorized water sports, more money, parking, more money, resort service fee daily more money.....etc. You get the picture, The food was mediocre at best and definately not worth the money. We checked out the Paradisus, which is the newest all inclusive resort, definately by far best for the dollar. Overall we had a great time, but with no credit to the Westin.   
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We extended our stay We visited the Westin Rio Mar with a group of 15 including eight children and adults of all ages. Everyone had a terrific time. The pool and beach are extremely convenient and well-designed. The kids played for hours in the activity pool. The ocean water is warm and the waves make it more fun than other Carribean destinations. It was extremely easy getting around the property to the various restaurants and we had a lovely buffet breakfast every morning. We had our most delicious dinner at Palio, located on the ground floor. We booked the Atlantic Suite which was very large and impressive. It absorbed our large group nicely. One comment: The Westin just does not have enough umbrellas on the beach or at the pool either, for that matter. The beach staff said they have begged management to buy more. I hope they do. In the meanwhile, you may want to consider bringing one of those portable cabanas.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Vacation! Stayed April 21-25, had a wonderful vacation! The resort is beautiful, golf course is very nice, and the beach is wonderful - great for long walks, nice soft sand (yes, it's brown - but you're on the Atlantic Ocean side!), and the water is great - clear  a sand bottom great for playing  swimming. Our room was nice - we reserved a standard mountain view, but upon check-in we simply asked if there were any ocean views available and got upgraded for free! It never hurts to ask! Our room was very clean. It did smell a little musty - but hey, your in a tropical (Warm  Wet) climate - expect it! The fitness room needs some improvement - it is small and some of the equipment didn't work, but I got along ok as there weren't too many others in there at the same time. The casino is very small and cheesy - ok for the casual gambler. Service we had around the hotel at the front desk, consierge, bars, around the pool  beach, etc was very friendly and helpful. Service at the restaraunts, however, was slow so just expect to have dinner take a while. Our food was always very good. Arrange reservations for dinner w/ the consierge desk early in advance to get good times! There were always plenty of chairs on the beach, and more than enough towels available. Food  drinks aren't any more than any other Caribbean resort you'll go to - so just expect to pay for it!! If you are price sensitive on those things, maybe the Caribbean is not for you - go to Mexico. Overall we had an outstanding stay - the beach alone was well worth it! I've been all over the world, and this was a very nice place for the money. I've read many comments on several hotels - my advice to anyone is to slow down, relax (afterall, you're on vacation), and be nice. If you are nice and relaxed, you will get great service in return! Oh yeah, gratuity for the bell man and maids will be added to your bill automatically, so don't tip them each day unless you want to pay double. Anytime you want to avoid any surprises like that, when you check in just ask what you can expect to see on the bill at the end as far as hidden charges, etc. I will return to this resort!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gkb1
<Content>beautiful hotel- poor service This hotel is very beautiful, both the lobby and the grounds. The beach is fabulous. There is an excellent transportation service to take you around the vast grounds such as to the tennis center, the golf course and some of the restaurants. The meals were quite expensive with some restaurants charging almost 40 $ for an entree alone. Food quality was only fair and therefore the food was severely overpriced. The golf and tennis were great./ The service was however severely lacking. Not one person helped carry or find for that matter a beach chair in an entire week. Towels and chairs were in short supply even early in the morning. It is unclear how you get chairs on the beach. Noone there knew either. The golf is very good but also overpriced at 165$ per round. For that price, you should be able to eat off the fairways and you cannot. One bright spot, a junior rate of 50$ which was very reasonable. All in all, a very beautiful resort; just a shame the people don't try very hard. Oh and one more thing.- you pay 10% service charge on your room charge for this lousy service as well. I complained, and had mine removed. If you have poor service, I suggest you do the same  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great week at the Westin Rio Mar Just returned from a week at the Westin Rio Mar and loved it! The entire service staff was very polite and everyone did their best to make sure we were comfortable. Rooms were fine with maid service twice a day. The restaurants were generally good with a nice assortment although somewhat pricey, but portions are big. The casino is small and there is not much to do at night, which keeps things quiet, which we liked. The pool area was very clean, with plenty of towels, and having a quiet pool and an activity pool is great. There were plenty of beach chairs but there could have been more umbrellas. Drinks are expensive but as far as I am concerned, that keeps people from getting drunk and loud. The beach was very clean and the lifeguards make sure you are safe. It is just a few steps away from the pool. Although checkout is at noon, we were not leaving until 4PM so they allowed us to move into another unoccupied room for the day which made our last day extremely pleasant. The only drawback was that there were two corporate conventions the week we were there each with about 300 people and each had a dinner and loud band outside on the main grass area right under the ocean front rooms. Although the music stopped by 10:30PM it was annoying and very loud until it ended. Not sure why they had to have the music in this area when there is another location farther away from the rooms where they were having activities during the day. Otherwise I would recommend the Westin Rio Mar - it was very relaxing.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the lovely Westin A lovely place. Classy, elegant. The staff were very courteous and solicitous. Access to the beach at anytime day or night was very nice - made you feel like you lived there. The on-site restaurants were excellent but pricey ($20-$30 for entrees). Buy your own wine and beer; wine from the bar was $10.00 per glass, beer was $5.00 - at least for the brands we bought. The pools were great, the ocean was great. One added attraction was the iguanas lazily grazing everywhere - harmless and quite interesting. I'd go back in a heartbeat. The woman who runs the Villas, Bebe, is a total professional and very, very helpful. San Juan is only about 30 miles away, but it's a good 45 min or hour trip. El Yunque (the rainforest) is about ten minutes away and a great side trip.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>earth-traveller
<Content>Stay away!! Look at the pictures on the website and see the beautiful beaches and facilities. Now imagine every square inch of the beach and pool area packed with people and wall-to-wall lounge chairs. Also imagine that if you do not get to the beach or pool by 11 am you are likely not to get a chair (forget getting more than one) and you will probably wait two hours for clean towels (because they generally run out of those by 10:30 am - happened twice in four days). As if that is not enough, add in terrible service and an uncaring staff and you have all the makings for possibly the worst stay of your life.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a fabulous week We just came back from a week at the Westin with our 5 and 8 year old. We had a terrific week. It is the first time we were at the Westin, we had been to the El San Juan and the Conquistador before, this was the best by far. We were on the family plan which included many things for us, most importantly the kids club and all the kids meals. We were on the concierge floor which was great. We enjoyed the variety of the restaurants and did not find it overpriced. It's a resort, you are going to pay for dining!! The beach was immaculate, as was the entire hotel for that matter. The staff was incredibly attentive and we never had rude service. We had no issue with bugs. My kids loved the kids program, even though at times they were the only two there. They were very attentive to them and kept them very well occupied. We have all the projects to prove it. We would definitely return, although I was told to avoid peak vacation weeks. We pulled the kids out of school and found that worked quite well.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Would Return We stayed 7 nights All Inclusive (3/13-3/20)....After reading all of the negative reviews posted on this sight, my wife and I were very nervous about what to expect. We stayed for a week, under the All Inclusive Package, and had a wonderful, relaxing vacation(feel like I gained 10 pounds). The staff was pleasant and accomodating not once was the word No uttered when we had a request. Check in was smooth, we were given a free upgrade to a full ocean view, so be sure to ask. Room service took no more than 35 minutes. Juan at the breakfast buffet (Marbella) treated my family like we were part of his family (so much so that my 8 year old son was in tears the day we said goodbye). Henry and Ivan made sure that we always had a cold beverage at the Tikki Bar. They also made sure that our lunch was prepared in quick fashion. Dinner at Palio was wonderful...be sure to have Jesus as your waiter. Joelle tends bar right outside Palio, best bartender at the resort...I taught him how to make a great espresso martini, be sure to ask him for one. He noticed that my wife and I had reservations for a second night at Palio, he had my cigar and champagne ready for us ahead of time for that pre dinner cocktail. Cactus Jacks was disappointing, food was average at best, and our waiter there was definately a rookie. The pool area was delightful...The activity pool was perfect for the kids (14 and 8 years of age). Yet during peak time of year we thought the pool seemed quiet. There were plenty of chairs pool side. The pool deck is definately in need of repair/upgrade, and they could use a few more umbrellas as well as replacing some of the damaged ones. The beach was also fantastic. This is the Atlantic, not the Carribean Sea...yes there are waves, no the sand is not the white powder, yet still soft. Plenty of lounge chairs and Tikki Huts on the beach. Not once during our stay did I hear a complaint about not having a place to sit outdoors. What was also nice was the fact that the hotel/beach/pool area were very close to one another. We have stayed at other resorts where to get from point A to point B was sometimes quite a journey. This was very convenient...again especially for the kids. Restaurants....Palio thumbs way up; Shimas so/so; Cactus Jacks not worth the shuttle ride; Coqui just opened for dinner...very nice at night (poolside) with torches lit...still need to work out the kinks (dirty martini served as straight vodka no olives in a martini glass) but my porterhouse was terrific as was my wife's lobster. Marbella Buffet, surprisingly good for breakfast and lunch, two thumbs up again; room service also recd two thumbs up. other items mentioned in reviews....Bugs, never saw them....Wife got a few bites on the beach at night; towels, never a problem to get a fresh/dry towel, we would end up with 8 towels by the end of the day..no prob; prices, it's a resort wht do you expect to pay? Go with the All Inclusive....The exclusions are minimal, we certainly got our moneys worth and then some...Staff, no complaints see above; room, not musty, love the Westin beds, rooms do need a little updating, they do seem a bit old. No HBO? Missed the Sopranos. Lobby/Restaurants/Public areas were beautiful. Casino, dont make that the deciding factor. I dont gamble, but that casino was pretty comical. Definately for the small time/casual player. Food, better than Iberostar and other resorts that we have experienced. Night life, except for a couple of corny lounge/wedding singers there is nothing. many frustrated March Madness Fans could not find a place to watch the games. Nightlife = Eat + Drink + Gamble + Drink.....FYI, No free internet access...pay the $15.00 for high speed, dial up is considered a long distance call. OUCH!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DukeFlyer
<Content>Loved the westin Just got back from a weekend at the Westin. It was an incredible stay. Being a Starwood Platinum member, got upgraded to an oceanview suite. Beautiful room, amazing views. Checked in at 2am, and even at that insane hour, the hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Hotel has two pools...an activity pool which is a little louder, and an adult pool which is a lot more peaceful. Poolside service was a bit slow, but well worth it when it showed up. It had your usual high priced drinks, but that's expected. Keep an eye out for the huge iguanas that like to come and hang out on the pool deck. Only complaint with the property was the scuba shop on the premises. The people were extremely rude and unhelpful, and their prices are outrageous. Much better to go directly through the scuba operators in Fajardo. I have stayed at the Westin in the Grand Caymans as well as the one in St. John and this property is definitely better than the Caymans and almost as good as the St. John Westin which is my favourite Starwood property so far.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Westin! Just returned from a quick stay at the Westin Rio Mar (March 12, 2004). Loved the resort! Beautiful surroundings, great pool with water slide, basketball and volleyball nets, adult pool, baby pool, poolside basketball court and a large beach with great waves for boogy boarding and a lifeguard! Great family resort!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>birdbaby
<Content>Relaxing time at the Westin Great secluded, relaxing vacation. Returned yesterday from 4 night stay with two toddlers. The resort is beautiful and the people very nice. What a great alternative to Mexico and still have an exotic tropical setting in the US. Meals in the Palio, Alijo Mojilo, Grill Room and Shima very good with a different and nice wine selection in each. We ate lunch in the main dinning room, Coqui Club and Iguana Pub. Cogui was our favorite for lunch but the tropical drinks were the best at the Iquana Pub relative to any other resort bar. You must ask for an upgraded ocean view room, a junior or 1-bedroom suite preferrably. Rooms were clean but layouts and views greatly vary. Hotel run excursions are well run and convenient. Golf and tennis areas are convenient and not hard to reserve. Drinks are expensive ($8 Pina Coladas) but other food and wine prices are comparable to US establishments. The Kids Club is convenient but depending on the child's age might be a little boring. Ours were too young to attend but we went with them a few nights just to look at the facility and let them play with a few toys under our supervision. We also observed kid's group activities while we were at the beach.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Times in PR My wife and I just returned from a week at the Westin RioMar in Beautiful PR. I read some of the reviews here before leaving and agree with some of what was said but would like to set the record straight on a number of things. First our room was very nice(not musty), pool and ocean view and the maid service was excellent. The food depending on the restaurant was good to excellent(I can't understand how people have complained about the food here), I highly recommend the Sea Bass at Ajili Mojili(authentic PR dishes) in the Ocean Villas and the Porterhouse steak at the GrilleRoom(located above the golf clubhouse, great views). KEY TIP: Find out early the days each restaurant is open during your stay and make reservations, it is very hard to walk-up and get a table even if the restaurant doesn't look full. The views of the rainforest were incredible, and there was lots of great nature sounds in the evening(The Coqui frogs!) One of the primary reasons we chose this resort was for the golf, and both courses are very nice but not spectacular, they charge $165 to play earlier in the day(way overpriced) but offer a twilight rate that starts at 2pm for $105(We booked our tee times in advance right at 2pm) the pace of play was great and you have incredible views of the mountains and plenty of wildlife(birds  iguanas of every size). The pools and ocean swimming are great just keep in mind the beach is brown sand and not white. If you are looking for lots of nightlife this is not the place for you, the only real nightlife is the small Casino(And I mean Small!) which is very poorly run. Overall the service at the resort was fairly good, a little inconsistent at times but not too bad, but the service in the Casino is terrible, the dealers and cashiers are not friendly and there are many slot machines not working properly and they don't know how to run a craps table(many payouts screwed up) and the cocktail waitresses in the casino are horrible they disappear for long stretches and one forgot to bring my drink twice and then finally brought me the wrong drink, you will end up going to the lobby bar for drinks, and it doesn't make sense because the casino is so small. We were looking for a scenic resort with good food to relax and play golf for a week. This resort fit the bill pretty well. If you don't play golf, and are looking for a wider range of activities I would recommend one of the many resorts in San Juan, but if you are looking for great views, good food, relaxing by the pool with a Pina Colada, and a few rounds of golf the Westin Rio Mar is an excellent choice.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lifelongNYER
<Content>Great place to stay! But keep in mind... The Westin was a beautiful hotel with friendly, courteous  extremely helpful staff. Upon arrival, check in went slow  we did get offered a below average room... however, after asking for an upgrade, we received one of the BEST rooms possible at no additional charge! The beach was private  beautiful however there is brown sand not white so those of you who feel it's dirty - it's not! It did get a little littered by the end of our 8-day stay but NOTHING to complain about. The pools were perfect - with the exception of no swim-up bar  although the tiki bar was great  VERY relaxing the hours were too limited. The food/restaurants at the hotel were well-above average - except that they were not always open so if you are looking to JUST be at the hotel the ENTIRE time you may want to take that into consideration. We rented an Avis car at the hotel (good price  cheap parking) and explored the island which we HIGHLY recommend doing! Don't expect 4-5 star areas or restaurants as you would find in the U.S. Mainland - but if you give it a chance you WILL find 4-5 star quality in both food  places to visit - ESPECIALLY with the people of P.R.!! The hotel is isolated so, for example, to get to San Juan is at least 40 minutes with a bit of traffic. We explored El Yunque which is a MUST! (GREAT tour through the Westin with Harry the tour guide!!). The East Wind Catamarran trip to Culebra is also HIGHLY recommended out of Fajardo. Luquillo beach is great but NOT in the public area of the beach!!! You must go INTO the area of Luquillo where seafood like King's  Sandy's are AMAZING  that area has the beautiful beaches. The kiosks off route 3 for Fast Puerto Rican Food seems scary but if you can get past what you are used to you will be in for a REAL TREAT!!! The Pina Colada's at La Roca Taina (#53 -#58?) out of the kiosks is awesome esp. for $3!!! And Hacienda Caribali for sunsets in Rio Grande overlooking El Yunque  Rio Mar was breathtaking! The food incredible - the service outstanding  again! THe Pina Coladas ROCKED!! Also - if you can muster up the energy - Old San Juan is truly magical... We ate at a local hideaway called El Jibarito (recommended in Frommer's) and it was some of the best Puerto Rican food we had on the island... For 2 meals  4 Medalla's (Puerto Rican beer) the bill was under $35 with tip. The main drawback to staying at the Westin Rio Mar is the lack of nightlife. If you don't mind driving a bit - the El Conquistador is good for some nightlife  Isla Verde is about 30 minutes away  GREAT for nightlife. For golf the Westin seems wonderful (we don't golf)  again, if isolation is a factor for your trip it's a TERRIFIC place to be! We were able to get both - relaxation  adventure  we can't WAIT to go back to Puerto Rico! Also for those people who we've read reviews of that complain about things like the humidity  bugs  sporadic rainstorms... It's a CARIBBEAN ISLAND! IT'S TROPICAL! DON'T GO IF YOU EXPECT TO FIND THIS OASIS OF PERFECT WEATHER! IT'S NOT POSSIBLE! And to us the weather was pretty perfect! Also, please keep in mind - Puerto Rico's MAIN language is SPANISH! 90% of the people speak english well but it helps to know a little spanish.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfull Hotel - Great Vacation The hotel was great the staff were helpfull and friendly. Our room was in very good condition and we had maid service twice a day. The food in the restaurants was above average and we did not have a bad meat our favorite was the Grill Room. The tour of the rain forest was also very nice. The only draw back was that the week we were there it was President week and a lot of kids. The pool service could improve always a towel shortage. All in all it was a very nice getaway!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Needavaca
<Content>Not a 4 star We have been traveling to PR every year for 4 years. This was our first time at the Westin. It was not bad but it was not the 4 stars. We stayed at the Wyndham El Conquistador which is also a 4 star and it was so much nicer. The rooms at the Westin were musty. We paid extra for an Ocean view and the first room they gave us was not that. The second room you could see the ocean from the corner of the balcony. We rented a car and ate in Fajaro in a place called the Brass Cactus. It was good and less expensive.The pool and beach were crowded because it was a popular week. The front desk staff was nice to us but they were extremely rude to the people next to us.The bell staff was amazing. The airlines lost my luggage and they called them every few hours to check on it for me. They kept me updated and delivered my bag to my room when it arrived from the airport.We would not return to the Westin. There are just too many nicer places. The second half of our trip we stayed in Isle Verde at a Courtyard by Marriott and liked it better even though it was only 3 stars.I think from reading the reviews that it really matters when you travel. If it is a peak time then you may not want to stay here because it is crowded and they use all the rooms even the musty smelling ones. Also they are probably a lot more attentive on the off times.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Heavenly 7" Package We stayed at the Westin Rio Mar from Jan.28 - Feb. 4, 2004 on their Heavenly 7 package. It certainly was just that: heavenly. Our room on the 7th floor was the concierge floor. This meant we were entitled to a daily continental breakfast of coffee, juice, fruit, toast, bagels, lox and sweet rolls. Our package also included buffet breadfast in the resort's main restaurant. So after an early continental breakfast, some sunning or shelling on the immaculate beach, we had a sumptuous buffet which carried us through lunch. Our floor served an afternoon snack of cookies, brownies, soda and coffee. From 5-8 PM was a wonderful spread of hot horsd'oevres, beer, wine, soda, veggies, crackers and cheeses. Most evenings, this was our supper.Our room was always cleaned promptly and had ample linens and toiletries. The housekeeping staff was friendly and accommodating! We had a problem with our AC vent and maintenance was there to remedy it within 5 mins. of our call.We found the beautifully landscaped grounds and the 3 pools very well maintained. There were ample towels available, plenty of chairs around the pools and on the beach.We only ate one dinner at the resort at Cactus Jacks. A bit pricey, but common for a resort. The food was excellent, the margaritas great. Drinks in the lobby bar and poolside were expensive, so we stuck to the free beer, wine and soda on our floor.The casino is very small at the resort and payouts are less than stateside casinos.Along with another couple, we rented a car for the week, having heard that taxies are expensive. Driving is a bit hectic, but the resort provided wonderful detailed directions.We all agreed that this was one of the best resorts we've ever experienced. The staff is exceptional, always friendly and helpful, and GOOD NATURED! We'd read some unfavorable reviews of bugs, musty rooms, unclean beach, unfriendly staff. We simply don't know how this is possible after experiencing the resort firsthand. We all decided we'd certainly return to the Westin Rio Mar without hesitation and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular Beach My wife and I stayed at the Rio Mar for four nights the last week in January 2004. We loved it. The facilities at this hotel are exceptional. Our room was spacious and had a balcony with a view of EL Junque rainforest (the hotels grounds are located ten minutes from the park's entrance). Our accomodations were spacious, bright and clean. The grounds of the hotel (over 500 acres and 1 mile of beach) were splendidly landscaped and maintained. The two pools were large and little used. The beach was clean and raked every morning. Lounge chairs were readily available as were hammocks. On the grounds are two 18 hole golf courses, a jogging path, clubhouse, condos, tiki bars, a small casino and a spa. The resort has 7 restaurants including a gourmet Italian restaurant, an oriental restaurant and Marbella where you can order off the menu or partake in an upscale buffet in the evening. On balance we thought that the Westin Rio Mar was a very nice resort and would stay there agian. Other reviewers of the Rio Mar have complained about the food, the service, and the indifference of the employees. The food is expensive. What do you expect? This is not a cheap resort. You are paying for the view and the ambience and both are spectacular. I was extremely impressed with the attitude of the employees. Waiters, bartenders, blackjack dealers, cleaning staff, all greeted us warmly and attended to our needs promptly. Food quality at the Marbella was good but not exceptional. We did not eat at Palio or the oriental restaurant so I can't comment on their food. Some people have complained about the remoteness of the resort and those complaints are accurate. Just keep in mind that because the resort is 30 miles outside of San Juan, the beach is cleaner and less crowded and you don't have to deal with the congestion and pollution of the city. Easy sidetrips from this resort that were fun included El Junque rainforest, Luquillo Beach (food kiosks on the beach were exceptional), the city of Ponce (2 hr. to the south) and bar hopping in Penones. Also, just outside the grounds of the Westin Rio Mar there are several inexpensive restaurants serving good food.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A few bright lights but overall much worse than I expected There were some good things, and some really poor things about this place during my stay. The location next to the beach is nice. You can walk from your room pretty much right onto the beach. And the view as you do so is breathtaking. If you go, though, ASK ABOUT OCEAN VIEW ROOMS when you reserve your room. When we got there, we asked and none were available. The higher floors are better--pedestrians can see right into the lower floor rooms if the curtains are open. The hotel was very clean and attractive, although the ventilation in the room hallways was sometimes really bad, to where the air would be warm, humid, and smell bad. Service ranged from rarely good to almost uniformly HORRIBLE. We frequently waited long times either to get our orders taken or to get the check. Twice, I waited for a check for over 20 minutes after the plates were cleared, and I eventually had to find managers to get them. The waitstaff often refuse to make eye contact and gave me the impression that they felt like I was somehow beneath them. A few times we had genuinely nice people serve us or help us with our bags, and the concierge and front desk were always nice, but I cannot overstate this enough: be prepared for awful service more often than not. We were there a week and it was not just once or twice. The casino was also the same story--several times I waited over 20-30 minutes to get someone to come service the slot machine I played so it would pay out. Unless you get up and find someone, they will not come, despite the cameras in the ceiling. If you want free drinks, better sit at the table games. My wife and I sat at the slots for 2-3 hours on two separate nights and never saw a waitress, either. We were very surprised to find a brochure in the room that said that ALL casino patrons are entitled to free drinks after the experience of those two nights. We brought this up to the front desk and they comped us a breakfast buffet, which was nice. The food is sometimes pretty good; the Italian restaurant Palio was really good. But you are so isolated in the resort that if you do not have a rental car, you have to eat all your meals there. And believe me, they OVERCHARGE because they know you have no other options. A breakfast buffet is $18.50 per person. A dinner buffet (for average food--a chicken parmesan is boiled chicken breast, no breading, tomato sauce and a few shreds of parmesan cheese) is $30.00 per person. A virgin strawberry daquiri (essentially strawberries and ice) at the beach bar is $6.00. Another warning: the hotel bill will include gratuities that you are not told about. I had a $2.00 housekeeping gratuity per day tacked on, and this was after I had left some tips on the pillow because I didn't know about the gratuity. I had the bellhop bring up our bags and tipped them when they did so. Lo and behold, I ended up with a separate $12.00 Bell Service Gratuity on my bill for that day that no one had ever told me about. Overall, I enjoyed the beach. But if there had been another resort nearby, I would definitely try it the next time rather than go here again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun for the whole family Took the kids (ages 3 and 1) on a five night stay to the Westin. We all had a good time. The kids loved the beach, pools, water slide and game room. My husband and I enjoyed the courteous and helpful staff, casino, tennis facility and babysitting services. Also, the setting was lovely. The hotel and the beach are attractive and well maintained. We did not have trouble with bugs. Although we would agree with other reviewers that the food was somewhat disappointing, at least there was some variety in the restaurants and the breakfast buffet was terrific. Plus, the pina coladas were the best I ever had!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good times after being baffled by reading reviews here entitled everything from hell on earth to complete paradise we decided the heck with it and tried the rio del mar out. we spent 3 nights, 4 days and had a generally good stay. mid jan is a good time to go b/c it is not that crowded. we had a a nice clean room overlooking the ocean, friendly service, mediocre food. Let me address what most people complained about and give some honest feedback:1) the food was pricey: this is a resort, so naturally food and drinks will be expensive (NYC prices)..it shouldnt be a suprise. the food quality was decent, but not wonderful. i heard there are good resturants in the area, but we stuck with the 4 located in the resort and were satisfied, but not thrilled. the Asian place (Shimas) was not that great, but Palio and Maribella's were okay. if anything, nothing beats looking out at the ocean as you eat.2) the resort is isolated and far from san juan: first its not that far (35 min drive), and it was nice to be isolated and enjoy the the tropical paradise of the rain forrest than be in the heart of san juan and have planes come over every 2 min as most hotels are right near the airport. we saw awesome wildlife including 3 feet iguanas all over the place. hotel airport shuttle is a rip though.3) terrible service : we were impressed by the warm service and had few complaints. when we couldnt get a later checkout they let us use the facilities the whole day and shower in the spa. waitstaff was pretty courteous too.4) BUGS: it wasn't too bad, but after it rains, a lot of biting nats come out so bring some bug spray and you'll be fine. it wasn't as bad as people here made it out to be5) nothing to do: 2 pools, golf, tennis, basketball, casino, fitness center...ARE YOU KIDDING?6) dirty beach: Beach was ok, but lacked that pure carribbean white sand and clear blue water. if you want that go to st. thomas or one of those islands.7) mean staff: the staff was pretty nice, helpful, and gave us lots of towels. can't complain.overall we had a good brief stay. i hope my review is helpful to you people who were just as confused as us pre-trip. it was not cheap, but a well worth excursion from cold NY. I reccommend it.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hell on Earth Antiquated, poky rooms, appalling service, inflated prices and a remote location combine to make this one of the worst places I have ever been on holiday. [1] they put me in a tiny smoking room and claimed it was a junior suite [2] They forgot to book me a hire car and blithely told me that there were none left - you are a $75 cab ride from San Juan [3] I asked to have a table set up outside so I could have a romantic dinner with my companion - the restuarant manager asked for a $200 cash payment or should I say bribe. [4] The staff are incompetent, rude or both.I could go on but it I will just say - STAY AWAY  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Coquiluvxo
<Content>I Really Liked This Place My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights after our wedding. We have been all over Puerto Rico and usually stay in Isla Verde (Intercontinental). We booked a mountain view room and were upgraded upon arrival to beach front. Excellent room, very clean and spacious. The staff were very professional, grounds beautiful and beach awesome! Food was good but expensive. I would recommend having a car (fee per day) to drive to El Yunque and Farjardo for sightseeing, or to have some good local cuisine! This was a nice change of pace for us and I would stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chine_1
<Content>Amazing place, amazing staff- an AMAZING vaction Just returned home from one of the most enjoyable vacations of my life. As a Christmas present, my parents invited me along on their trip to this resort. They had purchased the trip through Apple Vacatons for the dates of Dec 11th thru the 16th. They also spent the extra money to make it an all inclusive stay- meaning we ate and drank for free, and received discounts at the spa and golf courses. After reading most of the unhappy reviews on here, I was quite shocked. I don't understand how anyone could say anything bad. Upon arrival, they upgraded me to an oceanview room on the same floor my parents were on (the 7th floor- top floor and the best views). Every employee would go out of their way for us. The maid came twice a day. The bartenders would remember us and our drinks. The waitresses and waiters were more attentive than I could have hoped. I realize that if we didn't have all-inclusive, the priced would be more than I would expect, but it is a resort- you have to expect things to be more pricy than home. I do suggest that you get that package if possible, its easier just to sign your name, than have to carry cash around. The beach is amazing, as well as the pool. I was waiting to be attacked by bugs after reading everyone's reviews. I had no problem, even though I forgot my bug spray. I found an empty chair everyday at the pool and beach. I can't rave about this place enough, except if you are single, this isn't really a place to consider staying. I'm 25 and didn't really see anyone my age (who wasn't there on a romantic getaway with their boyfriend/girlfriend). I do plan on going back with a friend or two next December. I just need to start saving now.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not go there I read all the reviews after I had booked my trip- they all correct:1. Food- lousy and expensive2. room- decent3. beach- excellent sea but I was bitten by bugs everyday on the beach. The sand is brown not white4. staff- generally goodOverall- I would not go back. We spent $25 per person for horrendous food. Choose a better place to stay there  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for rest and relaxation My husband and I needed to get away and spend some quality time together in a somewhat luxurious setting--the Westin Rio Mar was perfect for us! The staff is so friendly and extremely accomodating. The grounds are beautifully manicured, the pools perfect and the beach conveniently right there! (We wished the sand was white like Turks and Caicos and the water clear but that's not the fault of the hotel--that's just P.R.) There were a few restaurants to choose from--all top quality with great service (not worth eating at Cactus Jack's Tex Mex though--overpriced for average food.) The best restaurants were the Grill for steak and Palio for Italian. Our room was cleaned beautifully every day and it was so large and plush that we felt right at home. Everyone was so helpful. The hotel felt very new and renovated. I would highly recommend this hotel if you just need a relaxing getaway. And did I mention the Spa? It's worth getting a facial or mini-massage (not worth the $ for the salt scrub) but great to know it was there if I wanted to go for more treatments. Really, really nice place.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin Rio Mar, Rio Grande Puerto Rico We returned two weeks ago from the Rio Mar. It is a lush, plush resort. The only disappointment was the beach; the water was rough  somewhat dirty. Most of the carribbean water I have been in is clear, warm  placid. The hotel restaurants are above average but could be better. The staff is exceptionally friendlty as are the wait staff.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Try Again! Just returned from a stay at the Westin Rio Mar. I was very disapointed in my stay. The hotel is in need of some serious updating. Other then the Heavenly Bed the room was dated and stale. The hallways were dark and musty. The Spa is one of the worst hotel spas that I have ever been to. The excercise room is in the basement with a view of a concrete wall. The beach has no Caribean flair what so ever.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice, but not the best The building and grounds were beautiful, also, it was great to have a nice balcony to relax on and a coffeemaker in the room, with a supply of coffee. However, the restaurants are only fair yet very over-priced and they are pretty much the only game in town. Not much else in the area. Also, they call themselves a golf resort yet closed the golf course for a private tournament which excluded hotel guests without any advanced notification. Don't know how often they do that. All in all, it was a nice vacation, but I wouldn't go back.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>should have stayed at the el conquistador I just returned from a 4 day / 3 night stay at the Westin Rio Mar. Unfortunately, I do not have a lot of nice things to say about this resort. First off, our room was a bit on the small side and was not exactly the cleanliest room I've ever stayed in. The hotel staff definitely needs some training. I found the staff to be completely unprofessional and the concierge staff unknowledgeable about the area. When asked about tours that they offered, they could barely provide any information. As for the grounds, something needs to be done about the bugs / ants that are around the pool area. I couldn't even leave my shoes on the ground as the entire ground area was infested with ants. I have the bug bites to prove it - so please bring insect repellant if you do stay at this resort. The pools are not well maintained - I realize there will be bugs in the pool but it would help if someone actually skimmed the pool occasionally. If you are going to go to the Spa do not get a manicure  pedicure as they will charge you a $100 for both, the woman will cut your fingers and toes, and they do not have a pedicure chair or nail dryer. You'll also be placed in a small room without air conditioning. Forget about getting a late check-out. Our flight did not leave until 6:30 so we stayed at the hotel until 4 - we were allowed to shower at the Spa prior to leaving but there is no water pressure and I cannot say exactly when the last time these showers were cleaned but it is safe to say it's been a long time. The only thing that I can recommend is the Old San Juan shopping trip as well as eating at Cactus Jacks. Skip the outside restaurant near the activity pool. If you're going to leave the resort, try Isaura's Pizza down the hill from the hotel - it's really good. Just be careful who your cab driver is as one of our drivers did drive like a maniac.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So-So Stay An interesting experience at the Westin Rio Mar. First and foremost, the bell staff, shuttle staff and valet staff were awesome! No complaints! The hotel, however, left a lot to be desired. To begin, I was reserved for double beds, traveling with my sister - booked into a king. Called for a roll-a-way, charged $35/night, although it was the hotel's error. (Nobody ever advised there was a pull-out sofa in the room until I disputed the charge). The main causal restaurant in the hotel was a great deal for lunch, but a TOTAL RIPOFF for dinner. They have buffet style, at almost $24, and the food wasn't even that good. We were seated outside where we were annoyed by stray cats and eaten alive by ants. Yay. The other restaurant we tried, Cactus Jacks, was a better value and the food was pretty good. Try the fajitas... but ask that they don't heat the skillet to the temperature of the sun. The casino has some of the tightest slots I've ever seen. Save your money for the tables. The concierge team was wonderful, but their directions aren't. We asked for driving directions to Bicardi Rum Factory and drove around in the vicinity for 30 minutes before giving up. Also, the business center didn't open as scheduled. It's a fair hotel, and FAR FROM THE AIRPORT.. about 40 minute drive with no traffic. Unless you want to get away from it all, stay closer to Old San Juan...thank me later.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Palace in Paradise My wife and I stayed at the Westin Rio Mar for 4 nights in early October, 2003 and had one of the best vacations of our life. We enjoy traveling and have stayed at some truly exceptional hotels. The Westin Rio Mar ranks among the best that we have experienced. To name a couple high points, the service was excellent with every Westin employee greeting us with a smile. Our room, an upgraded junior suite with mountain view, was great on any scale. When compared with other carribian hotels, it far exceeded our expectations. The pools were great offering something for both families with kids and kid-free travelers. The beach was extraordinary, I highly recommend walks on the beach just after sunset, it really feels like you are walking in a movie.I read all of the reviews of this hotel prior to staying here and I can truly say I do not know why people complained about the quality and price of the restaurants. We ate at Palio, Marbella's, Ajili Mojili and the Coqui Lounge. Each was very good, with Palio's dinner and the seafood buffet at Marbella's topping the list. As far as price, IT IS A RESORT, food is not cheap. But $100 for dinner for two with drinks, $12-18 for breakfast buffet and ~$30-40 for lunch is par for the course. The food for those prices was very good.Finally, Puerto Rico is an wonderful island. Old San Juan combined elements from some of the most attractive cities I have ever seen. One recommendation, the Tapas restaurant at the El Coventeno hotel is out of sight, and is even better when you order a pitcher of sangria.I could not give a higher recommendation to the Westin or Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but not only 3 !/2 stars For a supposed 5 star property we were not impressed, our rating 3 1/2, here's why. The room 6110 faced directly down the beach to the west, a beautiful view, no complaints there. The hotel itself is beautiful, valet parking is quick, staff is responsive and courtious, pools warm, coffee in the room was terrific (wish I could get it at home). Shower very good, sheets too small. Food as follows: Marbella, good $10 club sandwich for lunch, breakfast $18 buffett fair, hamburger, eh. Cactus Jacks, food good, very large portions, pool table, bar. Note:Get a list of restaurant closing days and plan ahead. Off property recommendations: Metropol Restaurant in Fajardo 10 mins. Try dessert called Dirt a vanilla mousse secret recipe, we are going to try it at home. Marvelous menuand service. High speed trip to Flamenco Beach on Culebra Island on board an East Wind Excursions power catamaran, great. Negatives: Our room had a pedestal sink that was not connected to the wall tightly and when you leaned on it or bumped into it there was an annoyingly loud sound that would disturb any sleepers in the room. the maintenance people were in over their heads on this one and we gave up. We must add: All the people we came into contact with were a joy to deal with, one moreso than the other. Puerto Ricans are a wonderful people! We spent a long time touring in our week there and never had a bad experience, all you do is ask for help. Caution: Driving is wild unless you are used to New York City and off the major roads there are only a few road signs, get good directions. ps:Smoke in the lobby outside the casino and smoke everywhere inside. Do the bio-bay trip.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!! We stayed at the Westin Rio Mar the first week of August 2003. It is really a beautiful place! There are plenty of chairs at the pools and on the beach. The restaurants were very good. My only suggestion would be to add some entertainment in the evening. We had a wonderful time. If you plan on visiting Puerto Rico, the Westin Rio Mar is the place to stay!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievable! This hotel was the best hotel I've ever stayed at!! Great location and plenty of pools nearby to keep u cool. The staff here were also very nice...I highly recommend this hotel to everyone who plans their vacation in Puerto Rico!! Enjoy!I plan on going back sometime!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rest and Relaxation After the birth of my daughter and my upcoming divroce, i was STRESSED! I decided to go to Puerto Rico, I have distant relatives somewhere. I was advised to stay at the Westin. I figured, what the hey? So i stayed during the hottest season, last week of june and the first week of july. Needless to say, i was impressed. The view of the ocean was breathtaking. The rooms were quaint and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and warm. Especially those in the Maribella restaurant, Minerva and Peter extended their warmth to me and my little girl. I enjoyed the theme dinners, fulling but not overdoing it. Breakfast was typical but delicious. I looked forward to spending my day at the pool, and yes sliding down the slide. I was pleased with the hairstylest, but felt he was overpriced. The manicurist needed a little more pep in her step, as well as the hotel's shop girls, but i guess we all have our bad days. I found the peacefulness i was looking for...thank heaven!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Westin Our stay was wonderful at the resort. Our flight was cancelled and we were placed there. They made us very comfortable and turn our terrible experience into an enjoyable one. I believe everyone who stayed there forgot at least for the moment of their situation. The guests were friendly as well. I would like to post this review to show our appreciation. Thanks everyone!!!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely not worth the $$$ I was not terribly impressed with this property. We just stayed there for four nights in mid-June. My wife is a Starwood Platinum, so we did receive an upgrade to an Ocean Suite room but not much else. The room was ok, probably better than the standard rooms, but very musty and worn. We found the some of the employees to be lacking as well. When we arrived, we pulled to the front of the hotel, asked one of the employees for the location of self parking. He was more concerned with the luggage in our car than our question, and when it was apparent that he wasn't going to make a tip, turned around and walked off without the courtesy of answering the question. That set the basic tone of our stay. Club lounge apparently was not available due to being off season, so no access there. Minor items that should go without thought such as providing adequate soap for the shower was not done. (1 bar for the total 4 night stay for 2 people). We have generally had great experiences with Starwood properties, however, definitely will not go back to this one. Even simple things like internet access are a pain at this property. If you bring your own computer, and your ISP access number is in San Juan, be prepared to pay $2.00 PER MINUTE in addition to the usual phone access charge. Want to use the business center, better do it before 5:00 pm, and be prepared to pay $20/hr for internet access. Want to use a cell phone to circumvent the ridiculous hotel phone charges? Here's a new one. When we attempted to use an ATT cell phone on the property, a secondary tone comes on the line for something called Roaming America, attempting to get you to provide a credit card number for an additional charge to complete your call. Drive a quarter mile away, or go anywhere else on the island, you get connected as usual with ATT. The front desk denied any knowledge of any of this, however you look at the top of the hotel building you see cell phone antennas, so draw your own conclusions. Fortunately we were in Puerto Rico on business, so spent little time at the property, and after all of this was determined not to spend one dime beyond the room, tax, resort fee and parking, so we entertained and took meals away from the resort. Next year we will return to the Caribe Hilton. Stayed there last year as Hilton Gold, was treated much better, had a great time. I definitely feel that there are major staff problems. Some staff at this property appeared to be indifferent, particularly if they were not going to make a tip from you. One staff member in the parking lot was even argumentative over something very insignificant. I definitely detected a real attitude from some of the staff at this property, and I am a person of reasonable expectations and I rarely complain, so I don't think it is just me. Your money is much better spent elsewhere. Additionally, this property is more than 30 miles from San Juan, but it is not a quick 30 mile drive as you would expect in the mainland U.S. It is a very hectic and stressful 30+ miles on substandard roads with some of the worst driving I have ever seen in my life. Definitely something to take into consideration if you plan to go to San Juan during your stay.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ejan
<Content>Nice Resort, Suggestions We stayed at the Westin Rio Mar over Easter Vacation. The place is beautiful, the service is good. The rooms are really nice with all the amenities. I booked two connecting rooms (we have older kids), and there was no problem with that because I was able to pre-check-in by calling the hotel directly that morning. Another suggestion: make your dinner reservations in advance (even from home) so there won't be a problem. The good times for the restaurants fill up fast. Also, the hotel's car rental sold out, but the conceirge was able to help us book a car off the premises (for less $). The rain forest is a must see, but I would recommend renting a car and going yourself. The drive is very easy from the hotel, and once you're there, you'll want the flexibility of hiking at your leisure. When booking this hotel, try to get the breakfast included, and ask for promotional rates. We got the big breakfast buffet, transfers, all tax and service charge included plus the 5th night free (for $290 a room, that's it). Many people paid a lot more. Also, the hotel's sunset sail trip was very nice. I'd recommend that.  
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst trip I've ever been on! Decided to visit here after reading that this was one of the 2003 Best Resorts Rated. What a joke. The Place itself was just ok, not real clean but ok. The staff on the other hand was rude, unhelpful, non-caring, and extremely slow to do anything. It was impossible at the concerige desk also. They always had lines and when you went to make reservations for dinner we were told they were full. When in fact we decided to vist the steakhouse on our own we were to find out it was only 1/4 full. What a trip. Surely one to remember but would like to forget. Hoping to get a partial refund from US Airways Vacations!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great golf resort   showReview(917638, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>squidly
<Content>Had a great time.   showReview(907165, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm ready to go back to Rio Mar!   showReview(846799, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some problems at the Westin   showReview(837372, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alanhotatl
<Content>Great Resort, but isolated   showReview(837319, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected   showReview(830320, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Liliana913
<Content>Wonderful   showReview(829279, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Golf and more at the Westin Rio Mar Resort   showReview(823867, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Westin Rio Mar Beach Resort... Awesome off season rates   showReview(671000, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent! Kid Friendly!   showReview(638589, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bentley021
<Content>Superbe mais tr猫s cher   showReview(14016002, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

