<Author>duadinda
<Content>unfortunately we're non-smokers We stayed in tropical terrace room in dec'07 for 5 nights. My review might be outdated. improvements might have been done. I just need to spit out what I experienced. We booked through travel agent for a non-smoking room and puzzled to have an ashtray in our room. We were told that rooms by defaults are provided ashtrays. During x'mas dinner, we booked for non a smoking table and found ashtray on our and every other table as well. It was much to our surprise to hear the Manager explaining: 'we are not in europe'.... Some ashtrays were removed eventually.Kids club was newly painted and smelled very intense, but we decided not to file a complain. Didn't want to make the stay worst. Otherwise the staffs were very friendly. Applause for the entertainment team for making delightful shows.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Poollee
<Content>It is OKay..Need communication pls. Overall, It was just okay. I was in this hotel about 3years ago, and It was better experience. We have stayed at tropical terrace room.Room- Not clean enough. no consistency. when we request something, always bring different product or late. Turn down service was a bit annoying. the matress was really uncomfortable. Tele choice was good.Food- Breakfast was good. Uluwatu buffet was under average. not value for money. CoCo beach cafe is good. (recommand the nasi gorang, Club sandwich, and pizza)Reception- No consistency, a bit slack, only called my name once by one of the GRO staffs during our entire 7days stay. The Reception two french ladies were never said Hello or smiled.No one farewelled us. We felt really akward.Entertainment- Show at night was good. live music by the bar was good as well. but sometimes it was just okay.Pool- Total of three. the main pool was bit crowd but okay to access to beach. the other two was good and quiet.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>marcpointcom
<Content>Great stay whith a terrible start       view from the beach  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	4	-1	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>nekeb
<Content>Fantastic holiday for family and friends Just finished our stay at the Novotel Benoa. Outstanding holiday. Our family of five (3 boys under 6) stayed in a family suite which had 3 rooms all able to be closed off for privacy and sleeps for little one. We had a private courtyard/garden area in front of our room (Rm 239) which included a beautiful outdoor shower and a kiddies play table. Hotel supplied leggo, toys, dvds and play station. Kids club was great too. Our day typically started with breakfast in the restaurant overlooking the pool and then most of the day beside the pool. There were heaps of poolside activities for young and old and the meals by the pool were really reasonable. Hotel had a great beach, access to all the water sports and their evening buffet wasn't too bad. If anything, it started too late (7pm) for the little one's especially after a day of swimming non stop! There are restaurants across the road and lots of other hotels close by. Shopping is nothing like the big areas of Sanur or Kuta but those places are only 30mins by taxi.Must mention the feeling at the hotel. It was completely peaceful yet humming with life. Staff were exceptional and the architecture of the buildings is really stunning. We'll be going back there. Would totally recommend getting an Accor Advantage Plus card though before you go. Better value.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>malleeboy
<Content>awesome resort right on a beautiful clean beach We just got back from 5 nights stay in the Tropical terrace room and all I can say is that it was amazing. I have stayed in alot of resorts around the world and I thought the smaller size of this resort made it more personal and friendlier than the others.We were lucky as the resort wasnt busy when we were there so it was easy to get a lounge on the beach and relax all day. The water was very clear and clean and the swimming area is one of the biggest along the Nusa Dua coast. The water sport activity's actually make it more fun as you can watch people all day going past and it isn't as noisy as most people said. If you want to do water sport activity's walk down the beach and book direct through the operators as it is alot cheaper than the activity counter at the resort. The beach bar was great, especially the happy hour(Buy one, get one free) from 5 to 7 every night. The meals on the beach for lunch and tea were good, great pizza, get an accor membership as all meals are half price.The breaky buffet was great but I reconmend not doing the buffet tea, heaps of restaurants down the road which were fantastic and cheap. Eat at the one with the big pizza oven out front, we had no problems there.Our room was very clean and we couldnt hear any noise at night and it was a nice stroll to the pool or beach. The pool is good but as the ocean was so clean we so we spent everyday in it and only had one swim in the pool.The staff are very friendly but tend to be a little slow with service but who cares, we weren't in a rush. We also stayed at the sofitel in Seminyak but wished we stayed extra nights at the Novotel as it was so more relaxed and personal.I give it my thumbs up and hope to go back next year  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Firefly999
<Content>Good Value Tropical Break We stayed for 5 nights havig staged through Singapore from UK. On arrival we were allocated a villa for one night and told we would have to move to a superior room across the road the next day. The accomodation was very good, the villa having a big novelty attraction, and the superior room being clean spacious and comfortable - good value for money. However, having travelled for so far and long we found it really irksome having to wait around for most of the second day waiting to moves rooms.The staff were extremely polite and helpful and despite the crocodilis pool being shut the grounds were very pleasant, not overcrowded, with plenty of comfortable wooden sun-loungers.The only other disappointment was the beach. Lots of noisy water sports in progress left very little room for swimming and the water's edge was littered with odd bits of rubbish.That said I must emphasise that we had a most enjoyable and relaxing stay at the Novotel.One piece of advice for non-american visitors to Bali:- contrary to the advice given by travel agents it is a complete waste of time changing your money into US Dollars before you go as you still have to change it into Indonesian Roupia before you can spend it. Furthermore each note is closely scrutinised and any with marks or blemishes are not accepted, so if you do take this currency make sure you have clean notes.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mickytraveller
<Content>Nice hotel in Bali Stayed here for my last 5 nights of my Bali trip and thought i would see what Nusa Dua had to offer.Went through Accor hotel website and got a deal for 79 US Dollars no change no cancellations No refund.The hotel is situated next to many other resort style hotels in Nusa Dua and looked quite impressive on arrival.The check in was quite slow and at first i thought i had got the wrong Novotel as it had only been booked over the web an hour previously and the staff were unsure whether i was booked in.Eventually booked in and went to my hotel room which you had to cross the road to get to but once inside the room i was impressed the room was a very large size with a nice balcony to sit outside and relax.The bathroom was very clean and a nice size all you could ask for really.The hotel has a buffet themd night each evening to be honest never tried it as it didnt look very good value for money so i ate most night in the beach bar and the food was very good the pizzas were excellent and they did a mean kebab.The beach attached to the hotel was very good when the tide came in but at low tide didnt look too impressive.If you were a watersports fan you will not be dissapointed and looked quite reasonable.Tried the internet in my room and was charged around 拢8 for 24 hours use and as the connection speed was slow this was definitely not worth the money you would be far better off going to a local internet cafe and logging on there.Overall the hotel was very good but not very good for a single traveller as there is not much to do in the evening and much preferred the hustle and bustle of Tuban And Kuta as this seemed to be more of the real bali and its people  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	1	

<Author>lilphant
<Content>Not bad - could be better though! Stayed in one of the Deluxe rooms for a little more than one week. Since the Deluxe and Superior rooms are located across the road, I first thought it was a bit awkward that guests would have to walk across the road to get to the Front Desk or for breakfast. However, the walk wasn't too inconvenient afterall - except during certain rainny days. The room itself is spacious and comfortable. There is a door leading to the little garden. But most of the time I kept it closed to avoid mosquitoes. Speaking of which - I've gotten patches of mosquitoes bites especially at the breakfast place and room itself. I understand from the staff that Oct-Dec is a season frequented by mosquitoes and flies. Flies are everywhere when we had lunch by the beach.After 2-3 nights into my stay, I had itchiness all over my body, especially at the back. It was not mosquitoes' bites. The itchiness woke me up at 3:30 one of the mornings. Suspected it was bed bugs, I requested the Housekeeping to change all the bedsheets and pillow cases the following day. Had peaceful sleeps the following few nights.The staffs are very polite, warmth and helpful. They keep their smiles on.Breakfast was reasonable. Should try the pastries and eggs' counter. Buffet dinner wasn't that fantastic really except for the French buffet on Friday night. Dessert was a great dissapointment to say the least. The a la carte menu for lunch (at Cocos Beach) wasn't too impressive either - except for the hot stone and pizza.I tried the spa too. It could have been better I think, especially the massage. For the massage that I had, it was a little overpriced. There are 2 swimming pools. It's 1 minute walking distance to the one near my room. The other one is by the beach and it's definitely not big. I can't imagine how does all the people fit in during peak period. The beach is reasonable clean - white sands, no garbages, water is reasonably clear.All in all, it's family and environmental friendly. This isn't a luxury hotel but it gives you personal touch (in terms of services) in accomodating your needs.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	4	2	

<Author>scotty077
<Content>Beach Cabana Review We stayed in a Beach Cabana. The room is adequate in size but certainly not large. Room space is cluttered. The bed room can be closed from the bathroom/closet room by sliding doors.The room is close to the beach, pool and restaurant. Nice sea breezes on those hot days. There is a small private yard with 2 sun lounges and umbrella.The air conditioning was adequate but noisy, with a constant background roar at all settings.Walls were thin so occupants of adjoining room could be heard speaking at normal conversation levels. By closing bedroom sliding door this was less noticeable.The hotel next door had a band which played each night from 7pm but finished around 10pm. It was quite audible in the room, particulary the thumping monotonous bass guitar. Annoying intrusion.Staff were very polite, helpful and provided excellent service, except for Front Desk staff who were very poor. We were kept waiting at check in for 20 minutes while staff appeared to be chatting amongst themselves. On another occasion a simple transaction at the desk took 20 minutes, while one overworked staff member attended to guests and took phone calls. All this time two other staff members in uniform stood behind her chatting to each other and avoiding serving the waiting customers, and avoiding eye contact. Not a good look , not good enough for customers paying big bucks, and tends to annoy greatly. Novotel need to get their act together in this area.There are many restaurants in the area with cheap prices. The hotel has meals at reasonable prices. There is a nice beach bar and eating area right on the beach adjacent to the pool.Overall we enjoyed our stay, but next time will look for something else. For the prices charged for the beach cabana we expect better service at front desk, better internet service and internet included in room rate, not extra cost. We expect a quieter room both from airconditioning and external noise.SUMMARY. Great location. Great staff except front desk. Great pool and beach scene. Just needs to try a bit harder if charging top dollar for these rooms.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	1	5	2	

<Author>mkmi01
<Content>Cosy Excellent Room       View of Mt.Agung from hotel's beach  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kyshel
<Content>Lousy room Our room was booked on the Accor Hotels website, with a very generous contract discount. We didn't feel comfortable complaining about the room at the time, due to the price we paid. In hindsight, other clients must stay there, so I feel compelled to review the hotel based on our experience.Our room was 437--across the street from on the beach portion of hotel. One pool was under repair and the other on that side was small lap pool (looks really nice at night--hardly the same in daylight) and it was occupied. The main pool beachside was lovely--as was the beach area/bar/restaurant. We did enjoy that part of the hotel. The bar/restaurant on our side was closed. Our room had dirty floors, a queen bed with clean linens, and a lounge w/out cover (it looked soiled) so the only place to sit was the bed. The shower/bath combo (not separate as described) had no hot water, so the cool showers were not pleasant. We each took showers at differing times and still no hot water. The patio door was difficult to open, as it was crooked and dragged along the ground--very noisy scraping sound. Agree with Fabiobol that the hotel is description is deceptive because there is no mention of the split location and divided facilities. There is only a superior room category listed on the website, so I was surprised that we had what I would certainly call a SUB-standard room. I wrote to the hotel manager today and I hope to have a reply from him soon. It was the most disappointing part of our 10 day stay in Bali. Had I known more accurate info about their rooms, I would have not chosen Novotel Benoa.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>moorandmoor
<Content>Lovely traditional Beach Side Hotel       The Beach  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>scottishlass8
<Content>Lovely hotel, worth paying extra for deluxe room Our stay at the Novotel Benoa got off to a bad start when we arrived to find that the deluxe room we'd booked was not available! We were given a superior room for the first night and informed that our deluxe room would be available the following day. We were obviously disappointed with this so some complaining later got a free meal and massage for the inconvenience. However this gave us the chance to compare the two rooms. It's definitely worth paying extra for the deluxe room! The superior room was in need of a refurb and was very ordinary. In comparison the deluxe room was clean, modern and very spacious. The hotel is in two halfs, separated by the main road through Tanjung Benoa. There's a security guard to ensure people make it across the pedestrian crossing safely. It's a lovely hotel with a real Balinese feel to it. It was obviously busy when we were there because it was a struggle to find a sunlounger by the pool. If you're into sunbathing then you're better off at the beach as there's lots of palm trees surrounding all the pool areas (which makes it very picturesque but is not ideal for topping up your tan). The sunloungers are really comfy though. There are more sunloungers on the beach which was where we spent most of our time. There are a lot of watersports in the vicinity of the hotel's beach but they tend to be mainly in the morning (as the tide goes out the water's too shallow) so the beach is more peaceful by the afternoon. As it's the east side of Bali there's not the waves that there are in Kuta so it' s better for swimming (but obviously not for surfing). There's also a lovely seabreeze every day which is good for keeping cool in the 30 degree heat. We ate lunch at the hotel's restaurant on the beach a couple of days and can recommend the food. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, however, as it wasn't included in our room rate (check when you book). There are lots of restaurants along the main road that divides the hotel which are obviously cheaper. We had a couple of meals at different restaurants and never had any complaints. Overall, one of many good hotels in Bali.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>baliloversx2
<Content>a fantastic experience at the novotel benoa we stayed at this hotel in one of the beach cabanas and had a truly wonderful time. if you were to stay at this hotel it is worth upgrading your room to be on the beach side. although the other side is stunning too being close to the beach adds to your experience.the hotel staff are so friendly and try to include you in activities without being dominating.the other good thing about this hotel is that they don't rip you off. the restaurant is reasonably priced and there is happy hour and 50% discount on cocktail of the day.also the attention to detail makes this hotel deserve to be five star. they supply you with refreshing cooling towels and fresh fruit kebabs on the beach along with the daily cake and fruit plate delivered to your room. we highly recommend this hotel, if you are going there you will get a taste of paradise!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>u4ianoosa
<Content>( Best Decision Again ) Why Go Elsewhere !!!!!!!!!!!       Tropical Gardens  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holl79
<Content>awsome hotel for a honey moon my husband and i stayed for 5 nights in a beach cabana for our honeymoon, the room was so beautiful, the staff where great, very friendly and the food especially breakfast was amazing, great room service. Very clean, the novotel deserves to be a 5 star resort. We will stay here again without a doubt, cant wait to go back, Bali is awsome.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>roskolewis
<Content>The rooms are some of the best I have ever seen. The area is pretty much nothing more than a giant strip of hotels but this is a real diamond in the rough. The rooms were absolutely first class; they looked like they had been decorated and accessorised by a world class interior designer. The bathrooms were exquisite and our room (and i'd imagine all) had an HD flat screen TV too. The pool was great, the food fantastic and the service was warm and friendly without being obsequious. A great bubble if you just want to relax but the area isn't great for the real Bali (get out of the South if you want to make the most of the island).  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>garbo
<Content>average beach resort       beachside pool  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	2	3	4	

<Author>fabiobol
<Content>Definitely substandard We booked two nights at Novotel Benoa, under advice by the travel agent, but were mostly unhappy about our stay.Problems were largely attributable to peak season, the resort was fully booked. Yet this kind of service is not acceptable. Check-in was very slow, with more than one service assistant holding papers to the next. In spite of our request (made at booking time) of two adjacent rooms (not a strange request after all...we are a family with two kids...), we found out with disappointment that we were given distant rooms on the same floor. Lodging a formal complaint to the hotel manager was impossibile: nobody could find him. The deputy manager greeted the complaints with a Balinese smile, but no action and not even sincere apologies. We were promised a change for the second night, but this was forgotten soon the next day. When we got in our room at 8 pm there were no towels. In one of the two rooms one the two tables with the light next to the bed was missing (only one can read at Novotel Benoa...).The following day we asked to swap our dinner vouchers contemplated in the 1/2 board with lunch vouchers. The first time we were told in an unpolite way this was not possible, at the second attempt we were told it was possible but only for 1 day in the whole stay. The logic of this? Nobody could tell us...The hotel standard rooms are large but quite old and need restyling. The Balinese wooden style is ok, but many items in the furniture were damaged. The bathroom is quite simple and poor. Towels are far from being large and soft.The view from one of the two rooms was hopeless: a messy backyard. Many rooms in the 3-storey wing have same view but they have same price than those overlooking the swimming pool. It's a matter of luck Mr.Customer!The resort is split in two parts by the main road in Benoa, with one Novotel employee facilitating street crossing thanks to a noisy whistle to stop cars and mopeds. The rooms on the sea side are certainly better and less noisy than those on the other side. Do travel agencies know that when they advise customers? Cheaper rooms are obviously lower quality, but why go there when all neighbouring resorts in Benoa do not have this inconvenience? Common areas in the resort are on the contrary quite nice, huge lobby, nice swimming pools. The overall style is cute and typical of Bali. Nice beach with umbrellas an sunbeds.Breakfast is very rich. We tried the beach restaurant twice and were happy. Timely service and good food.Novotel Benoa is surey a 'budget' solution, but at least our experience (bad luck only?) was negative even on the quality to price ratio.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>MedoDBK
<Content>Loved it       entertainment during dinner (its their staff)  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	5	4	

<Author>x_F_x
<Content>Great Family Friendly hotel! We stayed in the Deluxe room and the Beach Cabana (stayed twice). The kids club has to be the best in Bali! and the activities by the pool are just OUTSTANDING. Service was really good. One day I fainted on the beach and the gardener came and carried me over his shoulder and took me to the medical centre located inside the hotel, security popped out from everywhere- so no need to worry about that! We were there in the 2005 bombing (also 2002) and the service were very positive and friendly and made us forget about what was going on in Kuta which was great. All us Australians gathered to watch the nrl grand final- they had a live screening. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Should be 5 star.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kkmint
<Content>Great stay @ Novotel My husband and I have just returned from Bali on 14th July 08. We booked the hotel from inbalihotel.com and globaltravelasia.com for 3 nights as they offered the lower price (nett and including breakfast) than the hotel official website鈥檚 best rate. Our stay for the first night was at Superior Room, across the street. We checked in at 9pm. The room was spacious and clean. The toilet looks relatively small though. We found that there was no towel at all when we were about to shower. We called house keeping and they came with 2 bath towels quickly, yes just 2 bath towels, slightly grayish though (perhaps it鈥檚 more environment friendly by not using bleach). The bedsheet was somehow grayish and stained. We called house keeping again. They came quickly with the entire bedsheet set changed. I was terrified when I spotted a lizard near to the toilet door! My husband managed to trap it, and we called the house keeping again to clean up the mess, phew. The superior room looks slightly aged but it鈥檚 acceptable and comfortable for both of us. It鈥檚 one of the cheapest rooms in a 4-star hotel that I could find in Nusa Dua. We can鈥檛 complaint much about the 鈥渨oody鈥?smell of the room as Bali is a tropical area with high humidity, we are used to it anyway in Malaysia.We checked out Superior room early next morning and headed to Bekasih, thus leaving the hotel front desk to take care of our luggage. We returned to the hotel, obtained new room key to Tropical Terrace, and our luggage had already been placed in the room. The room was huge, very clean, very new, very well lit, modern but with a touch of Balinese design. The room has high ceiling, its air con is hidden in the ceiling and LCD TV with many international movie channels. There is small private garden that leads us to the room. We were absolutely happy with it as it looks exactly like what you see on the hotel鈥檚 official website.The breakfast includes porridge, fried noodles, fried rice, sausage, fried potatoes, baked beans, mix cooked vege, miso soup, bacon, ham, cheese, breads, croissants, tropical fruits, cereals, yogurt, fruit juices, and fried eggs. Yes, everyday you get almost the same stuff, with minor variations (I expected Nasi Lemak, Malaysian famous local spicy food, but was told by husband that Balinese doesn鈥檛 eat that, too bad). We were happy with the tasty breakfast though.The Nusa Dua beach has lots of seaweed unlike the clean Jimbaran beach however the hotel management did not really do the cleaning. There is always strong wind along the beach and it gets chilly during morning and evening. We didn鈥檛 experience noisy water activities although we stayed pretty near to the beach.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>istana
<Content>Great hotel for families with children We stayed at the Novotel Benoa for 8 nights in July with our 11 year old son. We have been to Bali many times over the last 20 years, but we never stayed in Tanjung Benoa thinking it being too much of a ghetto. This year we decided to cut our holiday in half and after 10 nights at the Three Brothers Bungalows in Legian went to the Novotel hoping that since it is a family hotel,our son would have company. We were pleasantly surprised. Our son had a bed and not just a matress and although the hotel is not brandnew it is very well maintained and the grounds are lovely. Service was excellent and the buffet breakfast just great, but the best part is the Dolphi Club with its dedicated staff. Our son spent his days at the club and didn't want to come with us. The children can have lunch and dinner there (you have a choice of menus) and lots of activities are proposed (They also have a PlayStation2). The hotel is divided by a narrow and busy street, but a guard stops traffic for guests day and night. The food is very good and if you want to change, there are several restaurants just outside the hotel serving excellent Asian and European food as well as seafood. Shopping is somewhat limited, but there are always taxis available to take you to Kuta and Legian and drivers proposing their services for day trips. The beach is ok, not as busy as Legian and you don't get the sunset. During low tide in the afternoon you can walk almost ot the reef, but there are lots of algae. There was always a strong wind and in the evening it even got chilly.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lunchbar
<Content>At Best Cheap - At Worst Shabby, Frayed and Old I cannot recommend this hotel unless you receive a substantial discount over the rack rates quoted.My family and I have just returned from a week long stay at this hotel and were extremely unsatisified with the poor mangement and apparent lack of properly trained staff.The hotel is old and shabby around the edges. The beach (as is apparent freom some of the other more balanced reviews) is nothing to wite home about. The beachside consists of a narrow band of sand which is normally covered by washed up seaweed and is located at what can only be described as an extremely busy and noisy water sports centre. The location of the hotel at the end of the Benoa strip is extremely inconvenient if you have to travel into Kuta or Seminyak (we did). Its approximately 40 mins there and 40 mins back whatever the time of day. These things are not the fault of the Novotels mangament but by the same token nothing that they can be proud about.As for the staff, they were pleasant enough and were in some instances willing, however we got the distinct impression they were not properly trained or managed. We took breakfast nearly everyday at the same table (or thereabouts) and normally at the same time. We were invarialy greeted by a different waiter everyday. The same waiters were all present within the outlet but seemingly assigend to different areas each day. To my mind that smacks of incompetant managment since the guest and staff are not allowed to build up any kind of rapport in those circumstances and it is quite often the breakfast waiter who is first representative of the hotel you will see in the morning. It is important in those circumstances to seize the opportunity to make an good impression . Unfortunately the Novotel mangement did not. Another point of irritation was the waiting staffs invariable inability to deliver coffee and milk at the same time. Waiting staff walk around with coffee tea pots but do not (unless requested) think to ask if milk was required. We had to ask for milk everyday and everyday the milk was delivered after our coffee became cold. These are admittedly minor irritations in nature but it is attention to detail that makes a good management team and it is the minor irritations that stick in guests minds upon reflection.As for the pools, they were adequate but there is a disticnt lack of service available. No waiters/staff were evident to take orders and to make sure guests were properly attended to. We had to go to a nearby outlet each time we needed drinks etc. Again poor management/training.All in all, the best way to describe this Hotel would be cheap, however at worst, this Hotel is poorly managed, old, frayed, shabby and poorly located.I took some time to research this hotel and looked at the other reviews before we went. I would say that some of the more balance reviews are spot on (with regard to being old, the beach being poor, etc) . However some of the more glowing reviews I would have to view with some suspicion, the glowing reviews bore no resemblance to what we experienced and I have my suspicions that rather than being independant reviews of actual experiences are more like (management) self praise and at worst dishonest.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>jeannaSydney
<Content>What a dump How this hotel gets a 4 star rating is beyond me. We booked through the hotel website and the place looked great. That's not what we got. Our room would have been a 2 star rating.The room smelt like it had not been aired for ages. dark and dank, had to have lights on day and night. Old and decrepit some things that needed attention, cleaning, had ro ring every day for something that had been missed ie not enough towels we needed 3, we kept getting 2, even though there were 3 beds, run out of toilet roll, water not draiing away in the shower, they came to fix it but didn't rinse away the gunk that was causing the blockage, disgusting, the reading light above the bed (halogen) kept flashing on/off. The knob to pull to get the water to come out of the shower head, was so stiff you had to use a towel to grab it. The drying line in the bathroom didn't work. The remote control for the tv was held together with sellotape. The picture on the tv was sometimes not watchable. The knob to release the sink plug was broken so you had to use scissors to pull out the plug. The aircon was noisy not terribly cold. There were bathrobes in the closet that were old and grey, they started their lives white, looked like they'd been hanging for years.When i went to complain about some of these things on the first day, all they could do was offer me a beach cabana at AUS$250 per night EXTRA.People moved into the room next door, we could hear everything they were watching on tv. The only food we tried was a toasted melt for my daughter, how could you mess that up?? It came with the saddest looking fries you've ever seen soggy and warm. We didn't venture to the restaurant for any main meals after that.The pool had stuff floating in it, i was worried incase my daughter picked up an ear infection. At breakfast every day you had to go and get your own coffee as the staff were in a dream world of their own and didn't notice when people needed refills.Our stay in Bali was for 16 nights and we only booked 10 at this hotel, lucky we didn't book the whole stay there. Nicer hotel down the road is Oasis (same price) we ended up moving to BaliKahma next door, higher price but simply stunning service and accommodation.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>Maverick77
<Content>Absoutely Fantabulous We spent our honeymoon in this absolutely amazing hotel. Based on the reviews I heard about this hotel, I booked the Tropical Terrace room. And tell you what, my wife and myself had an absolutely gorgeous stay at this resort. My suggestion to fellow honeymooners is to go for the Tropical Terrace rooms, as they are newly renovated and definitely worth the price. To top all this, the staff was amazing, always at your service. This hotel is located far away from any noisy areas, so perfect for relaxation. The 'lively' places are just 20 min. away by cab.Kudos to Novotel Benoa Bali for giving us such a wonderful Honeymoon experience. We surely would love to come back to this place again !  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SamanthaM6
<Content>Best Hotel Stay Ever It's not easy to accomodate us, a family of 5, with 5 year old triplets. The novotel Benoa Bali accomplished it with style. Nothing was too much trouble and our family was made to feel so welcome, we will definitely be back next year. If you are a family, ask for the new family suites which have an ensuite to both the parents and kids bedrooms, playstation and dvd player for the kids, plenty of kids games, coloring books, a kids table and chair set, and the breakfasts are absolutely fantastic. For a family, the highest recommendation possible.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IeKhang
<Content>Great also for MICE If I have a meeting in Bali, usually I do in Nusa Dua area (which is already famous for top end holiday and meeting makers). But my friend gave me a reference on this resort hotel.For this reason, on my last meeting, I invited my customers, business partners, and colleagues to stay and have a meeting in this hotel. It was a group of 21 people - stayed on 18 rooms - for 3 days 2 nights meeting + fun.Even this hotel is not focussing on MICE, but the meeting was great. It was done succesfully. All of my guests was happy and really satisfied with this hotel.The meeting room is small, only able to cater 50 people. But the coffee breaks were really special. With Natural Juice, Baliness traditional dancing, and Back Massage !!Room is traditional Baliness resort style. My suggestion don't stay on the hotel room. Stay on Tropicana Room or just try the Villa with private Pool. Very reasonable price.More than that, the service was great. the people was very helpfull.For sure, if I have a meeting in Bali, this resort hotel is on the top of my list.Thank you Novotel Benoa Bali Hotel...  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rejuvenated58
<Content>AMAZING My journey began of the 4th April 08 for 10days and I must state that the Novotel Benoa Nusa Dua was the best experience I have ever had.You see I suffer from Multiple Sclerosis and I have had a very terrible time with this disease since diagnosed 2yrs ago. I was taken to Bali for a repreive from the stress of my illness, well the experience I had I will never forget ,its unfortunate I will never be able to afford to go back. I not once had a problem with my health apart from my wkly injection, the Balinese people (Staff) were amazing so friendly, helpful  understanding with my needs. The food just melted in your mouth (wish could get here in Australia) with not 1 reaction to the food and the accommodation was fantastic as we had a beach cabana which u walk straight out onto the beach. The meals were different every night as they had a different theme and you could also eat on the beach which was a wonderful experience.I cannot say enough about this motel or its staff except I would love to go back sometime to revisit, they just make you feel like family and that nothing is a problem even when u agnoy them with your learning of Balinese. You must also try there massages talk about feeling rejuvenated and special its nothing like i've ever had just amazing.Please take the time to go visit this amazing wonderful Novotel meet the manager  staff you will surely want to return.Thanks for making me feel special.Kay Jarrett  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>greggles51
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Have just returned from 2 weeks in Bali, spent 5 nights in Benoa at the Novotel, 10 June to 14 June.Booked a Tropical Terrace room, must be one of the best hotel rooms we have ever seen. From your private courtyard to the large veranadah to the big bedroom, you then have a very large bathroom with a tub in the middle of the room. These have been recently renovated and are first class.As Accor members we were then upgraded to the Beach Cabana which is a typical BAlinese hut on the beach, very large own private entrance, deck chairs, outdoor bath, again just a fantastic type of accommodation. Accor should be proud of themselves for this hotel.The highlight of our stay was, the French Chef from CoCo's retaurent prepare a Lobster meal for us in a special location, have not tasted food this good anywhere.We will not hesitate to return to this hotel, simply amazing.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jakartatripper
<Content>Good for family holiday We stayed at the Novotel Family Suite, which is located at the beach side of the hotel. The Family Suite consists of a master bedroom with bath for the parents, a living room, and a children's bedroom with a bunk bed and its own shower/toilet. Both the master bedroom and the living room have LCD TVs, and there is another TV in the children/s bedroom for the PS2 player. This certainly minimizes incidents of kids fighting over the TV ! The master bath have both bathtub and a shower room. There is a small patio at the front of the room with an outdoor shower. The beach is adequate, with white sands and clear water, although there was an abundance of algae (cleared by the hotel staff every morning) and some plastic debris floating in the water. Water sport enthusiasts will love the proximity of operators directly on the beach, but it could be quite noisy. However, there is a roped in area on the water to keep jet skis away from swimmers. The buffet breakfast offering is of sufficient variety and quantity, although rather bland. Room service meals are better although not extraordinary. They also have a kids clubs which organizes different activities, including involving the kids in a Balinese dancing performance, and it is quite useful to keep the kids from being bored after their day on the beach. All in all, a decent value for Rp. 1.530.000, including breakfast and return airport transfers. Our one complaint involved the restaurant staff trying to charge us for an extra breakfast while we were originally told that all 5 occupants of the room would have access to the breakfast buffet. However, the charge was waived by the front office staff when we checked out.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>overseaswriter
<Content>bali island of the Gods       our room at night at the novotel benoa/nusa dua  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>yamanote
<Content>What a Bargain!! The Novotel Benoa Bali is the not the nicest or most luxurious hotel on Bali, but what a bargain! We paid US$78 per night for a superior 1 king bed, pre paid, advance purchase, no refund from the hotel web site. This is one the best bargains for a superior hotel room on Bali. The rate did not include any meals.The hotel is a little crowded - the density of lounge chairs on the beach and around the pool is a little high. The hotel is split into two parts - beach side and roadside. The cheaper rooms are across the road opposite the main lobby. The main road to Benoa village must be crossed to get to the lobby and beach, but no worries, the hotel provides a 24 hour crossing guard who will stop traffic when needed.The rooms have seen better days and have gotten a little seedy. The mini bar refrigerator is a little rusted, the bathtub had some small chips, and the furniture and linens are a little worn. Guest are given 2 bottles of free drinking water, but after the first day the bottles need to be re-filled by the guest from a fountain located in the hallway. There is no view, but a couple of lounge chairs are provided on a small balcony. The beach area is a little narrow, but adequate. The hotel is located next to the popular water sports area at Benoa. For water sports enthusiasts, this is a plus, just a short walk to jet skis, banana boats, para gliders, etc. For others it can be noisy in the morning. The hotel facilities are fine. The dining room is fairly large and there was no problem getting a table for breakfast. The hotel does a great job of servicing multiple cultures - for example the breakfast service provides American, Japanese, Chinese, and Indonesian choices, and bacon is kept in a separate serving area in consideration of Muslims. Like many places on Bali, its a smoker鈥檚 paradise. Ashtrays are provided everywhere and guests walk around with lit cigarettes. Although we wanted a non smoking room it seemed the only difference between a smoking and non smoking room is the presence or absence of an ashtray.The pool area is ok - not the best on Bali, but fully adequate and enjoyable.The location at the end of the hotel strip from Nusa Dua is somewhat out of the way, but not inconvenient at all. There is a row of cheap restaurants along the road if hotel food gets tiring. The famous Bumbu Bali Balinese cuisine restaurant and cooking school is located near the hotel. The Novotel Benoa Bali is not the best hotel on Bali, but for the price it is an incredible bargain. I give the hotel 5 stars for value, but 3 stars for overall accommodation and facility quality. It's the perfect hotel for anyone looking for a quality Bali experience at a low price.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>3	5	2	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Hub-Christel
<Content>No so great - don't book the "standard" rooms We just came back from a long holiday in Indonesia and ended up on Bali for a few days relaxing. We chose the Novotel because another hotel was full. Although relatively cheap ($88 per night/room) we didn't really liked the room. There are far better options in Bali (for example in Ubud)! We had to switch rooms because of the WC and the airco broke down. One positive point was the breakfast - perfect..  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>gone2tahoe
<Content>Perfect Beach Hotel Stayed here for the last 2 nights of a 10 day visit to Bali. We were looking for modern, comfort and convenience. Novotel filled the bill perfectly. At check in received a room upgrade to Terrace Villa--fabulous room. Contemporary and elegant. Beach was beautiful and quiet though there were many families. Food and drink readily available at the beach so it is easy to spend many hours relaxing. Spa has inside and outside areas and is well priced. Extra discount for spa services on the checkout morning! We did not leave the hotel for the two days we were there--all we wanted was at hand. Friendly staff. During happy hour at the beach bar the margaritas were not to our liking--the bartender took them back and we were not charged. Buffet breakfast was immense and delicious. Dinners were also buffet with varying themes each night--or eat at the beach restaurant off the regular menu. We would definitely return here to end a visit to Bali.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ReviewerUS
<Content>Absolutely a marvelous place to stay       Gate  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GregorashFamily
<Content>Best because of the People My family (wife, 2 girls ages 4 and 7) and I totally concur with the deep compliments made on this site by others. Novotel Benoa has a wonderful, varied layout, with beach, pools, stage, food,spa and lots of personal attention....both for quiet and active types. Don't miss the children's Dolphi Club. Our kids loved it and it is one of the few places even picky us felt safe and satisfied to leave the kids . Dolphi staff are beyond compare! New activities each day, and kid participation at the staff performances at nght left our girls giddy. Everything else, from the room accomodations to the varied activities compliment the spectacular value-for-money the resort offers. Also note there is a very competent medical staff if the ear aches and sunburn hit.Really though, the key to such success and fan appreciation is the grace, kindness and hospitality of the staff, starting at the very top. Ardi Wilson is a great embassador for Bali and the Novotel/Accor chain. There are so many other extraordinary personal efforts we encountered from the staff that i hesitate to name, as I could not do them all justice.In short, GO WITH CONFIDENCE; YOU WILL ENJOY  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>arwadi
<Content>Extraordinary Hospitality Great hospitality! The manager, Mr. Ardi Wilson, will do anything to satisfy our vacation. He is a big asset to the hotel!! To say how wonderful the hotel and the people, my 6 year-old boy cried when we had to end our vacation. Child can't lie. Again, thank you very much to Mr. Ardi Wilson. Please contact him for a memorable visit.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShientaGregory
<Content>Chalet in seaside Bali When I and my wife were escorted to our room - The tropical Terrace - at the Novotel Benoa, Bali, we immediately fell in love to the room. It reminded us of a little chalet in rural Eorope with its fence and gate, albeit it is only a one bedroom compound. Intelligent design!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suwandin
<Content>great novotel novotel benoa..is a good services  great hospitality starting from arrival the airport, stay at there until back again to the airport...excellent...we miss to comeback again...  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Hindarta
<Content>Great Holiday This is my first time to stay at Novotel Benoa Bali. Although that is a high season, but the manager was very helpfull and try hard to give me the best place to stay. Finally I got the Cabana Beach View, the nicest room I have ever had in Bali. You can see the fantastic ocean view in front of the cottage. Two Thumbs Up for this hotel.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Katusia
<Content>great honneymoon Me and my husband spent in Novotel Benoa great honeymoon in September 2007!We lived in the part of the hotel situated closer to the beach, that truly deserves to be recommended. The second part of Novotel is at the other side of the main street and has very beautiful swimming pool, open also during the night, however the hotel part has not been renewed. What we liked most was the mixture of Balinese architecture style and modern interior designs, both combined in very picturesque way. The hotel has very nice check 鈥搃n area, surrounded by the pond with fish (!) If you prefer rather intimate hotels and you hate crowds 鈥?that is a good choice! Another great thing is tropical garden surrounding the hotel area - very well kept. We also liked the details, e.g. the funny Balinese statutes hidden between the vegetation. The stuff is very nice, always smiling.We lived in the 鈥渢ropical terrace鈥?room, big enough, very clean and with the fantastic bathroom joined with the bedroom with huge wooden doors. We liked also our private garden. We preferred eating outside, so we can鈥檛 tell anything about the hotel restaurant, except for the delicious breakfast. We can recommend Bumbu Bali 鈥?traditional restaurant serving spicy food 鈥?taste fantastic minced duck in banana leaves!!! (I even cooked it at home for my family and I succeeded). Quite expensive but worth visiting. Go also to Jimbaran during the Sun set, and taste fresh see food in one of the beach restaurant鈥?very romantic, not only for honeymooners!The only thing, we were disappointed - was the hotel beach and the see. It is important to underline that we didn鈥檛 expect white sandy beaches like in the Maldives. Nevertheless we were very disappointed because of see wet in the water and on the sand 鈥?impossible to clean, despite of the hotel service effort. Also the color of the see is not that blue as you can expect from the tropical island. And the worst thing was the permanent noise from the water sports centers nearby 鈥?people were driving motorboats all day long 鈥?in traffic hours impossible to support. Bali is worth visiting because its culture, temples, magnificent atmosphere, food and rise terraces, and very diversified nature. But if you are looking for 鈥減aradise鈥?deserted beaches, you would better go to south Lombok There you can find turquoise water and the miles of white sandy beaches, where is nobody except you!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	3	3	

<Author>s0kutatsu
<Content>Fabulous Hotel With Very Friendly Staff From the warm welcome to the sad goodbye , my stay at Novotel Benoa was really great in every aspect.In summary this hotel not large and bustling but it is calm, clean and the atmosphere of the hotel is perfect.The staff are so friendly, they will do anything to help you.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a relaxing holiday.Tips:-Try La Scala restaurant (outsite from Novotel benoa - less than 5 minute walk - at jl. pratama). Seafood was really great and all the staff are so friendly !!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>suitejoe
<Content>A great stay at Novotel Benoa       The beach front  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Arewethereyet55
<Content>This hotel works well for Bali beach relaxation Very attractive hotel right on the beach in a relatively quiet part of Bali. Open design on both sides of the beach road, with multiple pools. Food was good, spa is nice but small. The beach area is very nice, with large lounge chairs, cafe on the sand, and several elevated massage villas in the open air. It's easy to stay there all day, as long as you don't mind the sound of powerboats and jet skis. But if you like that stuff, it's all readily available. Only one minor complaint - we were on the other side of the road from the beach and it was mildly annoying to have to cross the road repeatedly in the course of the day. Only major complaint? Only Internet access is from two workstations set up in the lobby area, and it's not free. Now really, how hard is it these days to have either wireless throughout the hotel or Broadband in the rooms?  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mkw61
<Content>4 great star hotel with a relaxed 5 star service I have returned from a 2 week stay in Bali  would like to let fellow travellers of my experience at this HotelI decided to take a dozen staff  spouses to Bali for a business trip  chill out session as we are also in Hospitality We selected the Hotel because of its proximity to the Convention centre while still in a typical balinese fishing village To my delight as Im a bit of a Hotel Snob it had the perfect mixof 3.5  4 star for the staff whom asked for something smart but traditional right thru to the deluxe Villa with its own pool on the beach that accommodated my family We had a private function put on for my staff as I had taken managers,chefs wait  barstaff they all apprieciated the level of detail provided by the Hotel The Pizza s on the beach  the cocktails certainly got a work out from my team  they all left wanting to go back next yearIt was the best accomodation I have stayed in for a relaxed getaway atmosphere for many years  the genuine smiles from all the staff that looked after all of us made a staff trip into a most memorable occasion Great service so to Phillipe  his management team  staff thanks to all at the Novotel Benoa  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dotie27
<Content>Absolutely Perfect! My partner and I stayed at the Novotel Benoa from 18th-28th February, right in the middle of wet season. After travelling at this time, I would have to say, i would never travel in dry season. The wet season brings less crowds, and a beautiful lush island. It only rained once in our entire 10day stay! The resort, where to start! It was perfect, one of the most beautiful resorts ive ever stayed in. We stayed in the standard room on the opposite side to the main pools and lobby however we had 2 of the 3 pools, one of them had the only swim up bar in the resort. Everything from the staff, to the pool and beach areas, the well manicured grounds, everything was well above standard and cant complain about a thing. Upon arrival we wanted to upgrade our room however once we saw our standard room, we were more then happy with it. It was perfect, perfect location over looking the pool, size, and decor was amazing, very traditional balinese. The room was spotless, extremely clean and beautiful. The spa treatments are amazing, we got between us about 9 treatments! The restaurants are great too, Cocos Restaurant on the beach was excellent. Dont listen to people who complain about the standard rooms being on opposite side, its not a problem at all, if anything, it is much better because its less crowded and very peaceful. The balinese atmosphere through out the entire resort was beautiful and tranquil, it is a stunning resort. We cant wait to return to Bali and stay with the fantastic staff at the Novotel Benoa Bali!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Shazeroni
<Content>AWESOME!!!       the villa  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Frankito
<Content>KIds Friendly  We stayed at Novotel Benoa Bali Resort 3rd-7th Feb. As family with 2 kids (6y+6m) - we were very much satisfied with our stay at beach cabana room (had enough for baby bed plus bed sofa and king size bed). Worth to mention is the kid s friendly pool area - good breakfeast offer - well equipped gym - the overall compact layout of the resort (embedded into a tropical garden) and finally the fantastic service mindset of staff. Only negative point we see is that the beach area is next to Benoa harbour - means you probably will see and hear jetski s and paraglider boat s all day long (or see it positive: open water fun is around the corner) Facit: Kids friendly  Good Value For Money  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cmdc
<Content>Service with a smile The hotel gave the feeling of being in an authentic Balinese atmosphere with all the luxuries of a top notch resort. This is also an excellent choice if you are seeking a family friendly hotel. Their Kids' Club staff is very warm and always keep the kids interested. In general, the entire hotel staff from maids, to front desk, to restaurant personnel are all very quietly helpful in their typical Balinese way. Service with a smile. Furthermore, the management was of great help during a minor health emergency. The hotel facilities are beautiful and the surrounding restaurants provide ample culinary choices.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fred1503
<Content>Wonderfull pool villa !!!       Pool Villa - private pool  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jerryatric5596
<Content>We would not consider staying anywhere else. First time in Bali 1975, some hotels OK, some not so good. It was a question of looking for what we considered to be the best. First time we stayed at Novotel Benoa ( not to be confused with Novotel Nusa Dua ) we knew that we had hit the jackpot and had found the hotel that we were looking for. Since our first visit we have now stayed there maybe twelve times and now go there twice a year. The open Balinese style reception area is very welcoming as is the ambience of the whole hotel. We have stayed in Superior rooms,Tropical Terrace rooms, Beach Cabana and The Villas and have been comfortable in each. The breakfasts are deliciously huge and cater for every taste. There is a differant menu theme for dinner every night, the hotel has a good quartet who play six nights a week and on a couple of nights a week you can be entertained with Balinese dancers who are part of the hotel staff. If you want to know more about the Balinese culture and visit the village then seek out Mr Wibowa. The beach is both clean and safe. There are three pools one of which is suitable for toddlers.Water sports are very close by with a kiosk for booking next door. Baby sitting is 100% safe with Padma. We had a family wedding at Novotel Benoa, it was professionally catered for, our family was fully entertained and we were delighted. The staff throughout the hotel are caring, helpful, courteous and friendly, the management is professional. We, in writing this review may sound rather bias, and we are, after years of searching we believe that we have found the best hotel on the island, we have never had a problem, and quite honestly we would not consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jfoote
<Content>Combination of Ocean Resort, Temple and Forest       Budget Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Yellowbelly51
<Content>Best hotel I've stayed in Just returned from our 2nd visit to the Novtotel this year. We've tried both the beachside cabanas and a standard room and it's difficult to choose between them. The cabana is a bit more rustic with an outside stone bath, but the standard room had a lovely modern bathroom. I loved the Balinese features of the hotel - thatched rooves, lots of stone carvings, water features and gardens. A lovely peaceful location with friendly helpful staff. Eating at the beach bar is better than in the restaurant where it seems to be buffet style each night. I must admit the fact that it was Novtotel put me off a bit when booking as I've stayed in a few for business around the world and they tend to be a bit bland. But I couldn't have been more pleasantly suprised this time. The manager and his staff have really got this right - we will be back!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Novotelbali
<Content>Incredible stay This is our 5th stay at the Novotel and I must say, our best.This year we stayed in a 1 Bedroom Pool Villa. These rooms are brand new and are superb in every sense of the word. Your own Pool, Spa, outside entertaining area complete with surround sound system,daily fruit baskets and afternoon pastries delivered to the villa. The staff as usual were fantastic, nothing was too much trouble.Our thanks must go to Mr Philippe Le Bourhis, the General Manager of the resort who was always accessible on the odd occasion when something required his attention.The breakfasts are something else. Such a huge array of tasty mouth watering food. Couldn't eat lunch, too full.By the time we returned home to Australia we were totally refreshed. A perfect way to chill out.Definetely recommended.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>chrisy_zhuang
<Content>good service a lot of restaurants are around the hotel. the beach is nice. the service is very good. the staffs are very friendly and kind. the manager is very patient, gave us a lot of tips when we were in bali. we enjoy our bali holiday very much. thanks.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LolleParis
<Content>avoid this hotel We were bound to spend the last 4 nights of our 3 weeks Honeymoon in Indonesia at the Novotel Benoa and we finally spent only 1 hour looking in the Internet for another hotel to go immediatly : I only do not understand how an hotel could be built here : there is no beach ! and as a consequence the small pools are overcrowded as this is the only way to cool down ! No concession : you should not go to this hotel ! especially when you know that there are wonderfull hotels and nice beaches just very few km away.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AKL42
<Content>Great place!! Visited this hotel with a group of friends with children. The hotel catered well for everyone including our 16 month old baby. The Balinese are fantastic with children  babies. The Tropical Terrace rooms are well worth the money  the breakfast is outstanding, with so much variety. We ate out every night at the local street side restaurants which I would do again. The hotel is very attractive  probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in  one of the cheapest! Serious value for money. We did have problems with not being able to open our safe  someone taking a while to tend to it. It did not cause a major problem though  is far outweighed by the hotels other great factors.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>l_w43
<Content>The Pool Villas? Very impressive To be honest, I was far from expecting that much from a Novotel (knowing the chain in Europe).But this is no Novotel. The Pool Villas look more like a place were you would want to spend you honeymoon without getting out of your room.Well, when I say room, I should say property... the trip begins at the door, sorry, portal, continues when you walk your way on the water, fall in the swimming pool, look at the cushions stylishly thrown under a thatched roof (the sun's high!), then you turn left and discover the couch, surrounded by an open air LG home cinema system (I had my ipod... and the wire... yes!), pursue through the bedroom so astonished that you barely notice the 4 square meters bed, and finaly go back outside and tumble into the jacuzzi.I really recommend the place for a 5 nights rest, knowing however that the hotel is in Nusa Dua so it's not the best starting point to discover Bali's countryside.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Scullytraveller
<Content>Best in Bali!!! One of the best in Asia A Fantastic HOTEL!!! I am a regular traveller all over asia and although not the most luxurious hotel I have stayed in it is certainly one of the most laid back and picturesque. The staff are friendly and accommodating nothing is a problem for them. This hotel is perfect for a romantic getaway or a family holiday. Unlike other hotels in the area there are no lifts in the hotel and at about 190 rooms the hotel is not crowded like the 300+ room hotels I have stayed in. It is TRADITIONAL balinese style. The online rates they offer are great and the breakfast is great. You can give the night buffets a miss they are a bit over priced and there is plenty of restaurants within walking distance that are far more affordable.However the casual dining at the beach is great and the pizzas and french style deserts are wonderful as is the room service. I have not had a bad meal at any restaurant within the vicinity of the hotel yet!!! I have stayed more than 100 nights at this hotel in the last 10 years on business and for family holidays. I am staying again in March for 15 days with extended family and friends. We have booked a newly renovated Tropical Terrace at this stage these rooms can only be booked through the novotel website. If you are planning a trip to bali stay here. I would not stay anywhere else. I have reccommended this hotel to many friends and business associates and all are now regular visitors. If booking a superior room ask for a ground floor room with a pool view. They are quiet the only downside is you have to cross the road to get to reception and the breakfeast buffet but honestly you get the feeling that you are on your own in the hotel. Happy hour is 5 to 7pm so if you are up for a drink go to the swim up pool bar and order a pina colada (2 for the price of 1). The drink comes in a freshly cut coconut and its the best cocktail I have ever had. Dont have to many you wont make it out for dinner!!! Enough said book the novotel benoa and enjoy. If you book and have a problem look shaun up at the hotel!!! ill be there from the 27th march 2007 for 15 days in a tropical terrace!!!!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pb64uk
<Content>bad 2 star hotel It has been a long time since I have been that disapointed about a hotel.It all started quite good when we were offered a drink for our arrival, I then ask if my 2 year old boy could get milk instead, I was answered there was no milk available(?!).We then went to see our rooms, in which the smell was really unbearable. When I came back to point out that there was a pb with the sewer to the staff, they explained me that they would sort that out quickly : 10 mns later, we got a spray of perfume.30 mns after that, we noticed that the aircon was really noisy in one of the rooms, there again the staff told us they would fix the pb: An engineer came and reduced slighlty the level of noise, that increased to original level one hour after.Overall, the place is small, you have to cross the road to go to the lobby or the beach, the sunken bar swimming pool is untidy (found empty bottles of beer around the pool in the middle of afternoon). The beach front has not got any pathway, unlike for all the other hotels 500 m from there. The buffet dinner was very ordinary and as expensive as other very good buffet we had in bali.No need to say we left after only one night, even if it meant we would have to pay one night cancellation fee.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	2	3	

<Author>MissKittyCat
<Content>Sacre Blah I must regretably retract anything positive I have previously said about this Hotel, having stayed there 3 times. This time we were assigned the one Beach Cabana out of the 12 that did not have an outdoor area. We complained and were moved to one that did, unfortunately it was on a noisy pathway with staff starting there at 6am. The Cabanas were not full but we were given the worst of them. After accepting the 2nd cabana we found we were locked in! A call to reception ascertained that they had lost the key (no fancy schmancy hotel like card keys here, just old fashioned metal keys) they were sending out for a locksmith which should take about 1.5 hrs. Then there was the breakfast buffet, the Novotel has made absolutely no effort to reduce the number of flys swarming over the food. I could only eat the yoghurt as the flys weren't interested in it. This was truly appalling and disgusting.Management decided to give us a free french buffet one night but the coupon never arrived so we didn't go, not really fancying french food in Bali anyway.The Cabanas are really dark, all brown wood, not very appealing, very dated and really in need of a refurbishment. Oh, and the beds ... our aching backs - sleeping on the floor couldn't be much more uncomfortable. Spare pillow out of the wardrobe anyone? Would you like that with mould? yuck yuck yuck  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Chantiklook
<Content>Wonderful stay       Tropical Terrace room  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>alphaduck
<Content>Totally Fab!       The Pool. Mine, all mine  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>jeff1996
<Content>Friendly staff, Great Accomodation Arrived at 2pm aftre long 12 hr flight via Singapore from South Africa to be taken straight away to a ready and cool room. Remeber humidity at this time of year runs at 70%. Ask to be placed in the newer Garden Terrace Section. Rooms and bathroom are great. Staff are extremely freindly and there hotel is on the beach. Restaurants at hotel are excellent although there are plenty eating places on street outside hotel. Since we were part of a tour group, we ate elsewhere on the island so we cany comment on these outside eateries. As we went on many tours, we tended to spend 1/2 a day on every alternate day at the hotel which was perfect in that spent our other time doing actvities such as scuba diving (excellent water clarity), river rafting (gentle grade 1 rapids) and shopping (fakes and compulsory sometimes irritating bargaining) Service at the poolside and on the beach was excellent. We left our kids at home and were thankful as the hotel is not geared for a family stay.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Heike65
<Content>Beautiful grounds The hotel grounds are gorgeous, the beach is nice with gorgeous sunrises, the staff is really friendly and helpful. The rooms are decorated in Balinese style, really nice. Excellent breakfast buffet, with choices for whatever your taste from Asian to American to European foods. Will go back definitely!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LLady
<Content>Simply beautiful   showReview(5521447, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dromomaniac
<Content>Checked in for a week long stay, checked out after 2 nights   showReview(5419268, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dbfun
<Content>Enjoying the Novotel Benoa       The Flying Fish!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SSDixieAustralia
<Content>Loved the Novotel   showReview(4742720, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mattxs
<Content>nice hotel/not nice staff   showReview(3348416, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveller44
<Content>Don't stay here, there are better places   showReview(3231076, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value   showReview(2987376, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gillg
<Content>really nice stay   showReview(2947237, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>frenchandparisian
<Content>Got to like the French   showReview(2522137, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Authentic, chic but casual, Bali   showReview(2521975, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LaVoyageuse11
<Content>Hotel Fantastique   showReview(23067858, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Balifan1982
<Content>Traumhaft sch枚n!   showReview(22982251, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Alexparc
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(21672258, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>銇俱倱銇°們銈?> 銇俱倱銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銉炪儶銉炽偄銈儐銈ｃ儞銉嗐偅   showReview(19458127, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>benj75
<Content>H么tel charmant   showReview(18460472, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	5	5	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉€€銉庛儨銉嗐儷銆€銉欍儙銈€€銉愩儶   showReview(19914337, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SALOME69
<Content>Service top   showReview(14786404, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chaodrea
<Content>Charmant et d茅paysant...   showReview(12042422, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Baribal
<Content>Un h么tel dans la tradition balinaise       Chambre avec jardin tropical  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Olphi
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(10020774, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婇ⅷ鍛傘亴銈兗銉椼兂銈ㄣ偄   showReview(19912709, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>StephanieLB
<Content>Un tr猫s bon choix !!!   showReview(8612335, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>fabriceclavery
<Content>Excellente adresse       piscine de l'h么tel  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FionaParis
<Content>Superbe s茅jour   showReview(8469244, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉庛儨銉嗐儷銆€銉欍儙銈€€銉愩儶   showReview(19911718, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闅犮倢瀹堕ⅷ銉偩銉笺儓銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19911448, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>btz75
<Content>harmonie               More photos  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇广儙銈㈠湴鍖恒伄銉庛儨銉嗐儷銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19910970, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Despinafromfrance
<Content>Usine ambiance familiale       manucure, massages...  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Berthe
<Content>Souvenir inoubliable   showReview(6133570, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉庛儨銉嗐儷銈炽兗銉┿儶銈€€銉欍儙銈€€銉愩儶   showReview(19930171, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>甯板浗鍓嶃伀锛戞硦銇犮亼銇椼伨...   showReview(19929303, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶у瀷銉涖儐銉仺銇仌銇?..   showReview(19926862, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儵銉炽偣绯汇伄銉涖儐銉仹...   showReview(19925018, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛旀棩闁撴硦銇俱倞銇俱仐銇?..   showReview(19924553, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儵銉炽偣绯诲垪銇儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(19919513, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儵銉炽偣绯汇伄銉涖儐銉仾...   showReview(19916419, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

