<Author>FABackpacker
<Content>Good value       The view towards the mountains to the North.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	5	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Andreassn
<Content>Perfect places to stay The Ohana Waikki West is one of the best hotels I have stayed at. Great location, very nice and friendly staff at all positions. Nice rooms, The hotel and it's staff added much positivity to my first visit to the island. If I am going back to Oahu I am going to stay at Ohana Waikki West again  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mahalo544
<Content>Ohana West is Ohana. I have stayed at this hotel for years and will continue to stay here in the future. Yes it is not a 5 star hotel but it doesn't claim to be. Pros: price, Close to shopping and beach, all rooms come with a fridge, clean, parking at a price, next door to food pantry , washer and dryer, rooms have balcanys, pool, and the staff is friendly. Cons: noise, lack of tv channels, elevators slow.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>tblatchford
<Content>ohana boot camp ohana west was the single worst hotel expierence i have ever had the rooms are sub par at best the staff are utterly rude you cant even bring a friend up to your room without being treated like a criminal the rates are way off for what you get i would strongly advise anybody to stay away from this or any other outrigger establishment if you want to send your kids to boot camp forget it send them to ohana west  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>flyer517
<Content>Great Value  We stayed at the Ohanao Waikiki West for 5 days in November 2008. Although this isn't the most glamorous hotel in Waikiki, it was exactly what we expected for the price. The location, basically a block back from the beach, was great as well. It meant we had a 5 minute walk to the beach and restaurants, yet didn't have to put up with the noise of the main drag.This isn't a hotel that spoilis you, it is just good value for money.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bayviewQueensland
<Content>Value for money Jst returned from 5 nts.at this hotel in Waikiki. Aussies in our early 60's. Room was like Budget/Golden Chain in standard but much larger. Had table/chairs to eat at, large bathroom, kitchenette, king size bed. Only problem was the noise. On 8th floor facing Kuhio Ave and had to wear ear plugs to get any sleep. Good value overall if u can get a quieter room.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>gum_bell
<Content>Ohana = Family... We stayed here 17th- 25th Nov 08, 2 adults 2 children in room 849, a kitchenette studio.Overall i think this hotel is good value, afterall we only really came home to change, shower and sleep, too much to see and do in Oahu.The hotel is in a central location, our room was clean and all fixtures were in good working order. We did not notice any excessive noise we had our sliding door open every night.The pool was good, (closed between 8pm - 8am), on level M there are beach/pool towels, free to use. The room is serviced by housekeeping daily. Free internet in room or lobby. Free pink trolley. The lifts take a while, but relax its HAWAII !!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>H-B_Family
<Content>In the Heart of Waikiki       Working in the Room  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	-1	2	

<Author>jacosanjose
<Content>value for money       view from lanai international market place  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>KelinSaratoga
<Content>Party motel for people under 30 with low standards - great location My family and I spent 5 nights here in two adjoining rooms (457-458). The front desk staff were cold on check in. No aloha spirit here. Our rooms were on the 4th floor, away from the elevator, facing another building above a parking lot. They smelled like cooking grease. At first I thought it was because of the restaurants below us, but after a few days I discovered that the coffee packet (which I didn't dare use) was covered in grease from previous visitors. There was even greasy crud hanging on the wall. The mattresses were old and uncomfortable (felt like quilted cardboard). One of the pillows smelled vile. The shower (no tub) in the king room had an old, inefficient shower head, exposed plumbing under the sink and corroded fixtures. Worse than any campground I've ever been in - really. It did smell like bleach though, so I guess it was clean. The other room had a renovated bathroom which was much better, but neither one had predictable temp. adjustments. The safe in 457 malfunctioned the first day. Maintenance got our stuff out, but the safe was unusable. I did complain early on and was offered adjoining rooms on the 8th floor, but they did not have a microwave or fridge and both bathrooms were bad in those rooms. I asked the woman at the front desk if all of the rooms were that bad and she said she didn't know because she never went up there. When I told her that it felt like a party motel, she said that it was very popular with school groups. Hmmm. Parking did get full and it is a city parking garage - spaces are tight - but it was expected. Noise wasn't bad for a city. Elevators were awful (see previous posts), but we took the stairs unless we had suitcases. The room keys didn't work properly and we went through about 8 of them before we found two that worked consistently. They are printed backwards - the arrows face the wrong way- but even after we figured that out, they didn't always work. Carpets are stained. Oh, and the activities desk people that accost you with offers of $100 toward dinner when you walk in do not work for the hotel; they are trying to sell you time shares through Wyndham. It took me a minute to figure that out in my jet lagged haze. We had a coupon, purportedly from the hotel, for a beach bag, towels, hats. When I went to redeem it at the front desk no one seemed to know anything about it. A manager got me a beach bag with a hat, a visor and a sample of sunscreen, but said he knew nothing about the towels. When I looked in the bag there was a coupon for the towels, but you had to go to a store to pick them up. The front desk does not sell stamps. You have to go to the gift shop and pay a 35% mark up. Staff actually warmed up a little over the course of our stay, but they are clearly being asked to sell and manage an inferior product which puts them on the front line of a losing battle. I spent as much time out of the room as possible, managing to enjoy my vacation in spite of this place. It was Hawaii, after all.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	2	-1	3	

<Author>alohatutu7
<Content>Loved the closeness to every thing. I have been to Hawaii 9 times, and have stayed at this hotel 7 times, will be going to Hawaii in the year 2009 for xmas and we will be staying there again. Love the fact of grocery store being so close, love the restaurents, especially Porgys and Dennys across the street from Ohana West. The staff was always friendly, and kind, its nice just to relax in the lobby after a long day of sight seeing. so what if the elevators are slow, you are on Hawaii time, just hang loose, and enjy paradise. Mahalo  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MaidstoneChip
<Content>Central location My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 11 nights and found it a most enjoyable place to stay. It is situated adjacent to numerous bars, restaurants, shops etc, and only a five minute walk to the beach.Our room was spacious. It had a fridge , a cooker, a microwave and a tea and coffee maker.It also had a balcony, ample storage space and a TV.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful at all times.Some people complained about the traffic noise at night but I dont think this is justified. It's the price you pay for a central location.One down side. Not enough elevators. This wasn't a problem for most of the day, but during busy periods, you would have to wait awhile.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Lio6231
<Content>Eh Not a great place to stay, no pressure in shower, small bathroom, bad airconditioning. Not on a good street. I did not have anything I enjoyed about this hotel. But okay pool.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	5	3	5	

<Author>marienat
<Content>Ohana Waikiki west, just OK We stayed at the Ohana Waikiki West at the end of July and it it is really just a 2 stars. Everything is very basic (the lobby, the service etc..). The elevators are very weird. They are not only extremely slow but sometimes you can go up an down for a while whithout stopping (quite scarry). The hotel is very crowded. We arrived on Friday night and there was a lot of drunk people and noisy young guys in the lobby and the elevator. As a lot of people mentioned, it is noisy. I would not recommend this hotel for people who want a quiet place. You have to choose between the noise of the street and the noise of the huge ventilation on the top of the buildings. We stayed on the 16th and had the noise of the ventilation. On top of that, we were woken up in the middle of the night by babies crying in the adjacent room (they must have been at least 5 in that room). My mother stayed on the 8th floor and it was quiet but her balcony faced a wall of brick.A good point: the free shuttle to Ala Moana is very convenient.I love Hawaii and I would like to go back but I will not return to this hotel. There are so many hotels in the same area that offers a better quality. For example the Miramar across the street is better and just slightly more expensive.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mish31
<Content>Really Not That Bad I read the reviews AFTER I booked my stay and was really worried. To tell you the truth, the place was not that bad. The elevators were slow and the middle one kept stopping on 9 even when you didn't press it, but they were secured which means you had to use your hotel key to go up to a floor. Our room was clean and the maid service was great! The beds were made every day, new towels for the bathroom when requested, new towels for the kitchenette, and they even cleaned our dishes in the sink!! The hotel is a short walk from the beach and close to some good places to eat. The pool area looked clean, but we spent most of our time at the beach. The pool bar was really nice in the evening and they even had someone singing on Saturday night. The activities desk was knowledgeable and the bellhop stored our luggage for us in a secure room so we could spend our day exploring instead of at the airport waiting hours for our flight. There was even a courtesy room that we took advantage of before we went to the airport (you can take a shower, have a nap, make some coffee). But you only have 45 mins to use the room, which is still great!! Some other great points:1. The room had free internet service2. The lobby had free wireless service3. You could call anywhere for 15 mins and it was free (you could even hang up and dial the same number again!)If you're looking for a place to lay your head and not have to pay through the nose, then this hotel is a good place for you.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sherrera95376
<Content>It was ok I guess.. We stayed at this hotel for the first time from June 28th - July 4th, 2008. The pros and cons I will lay out clearly here. Overall I would say if your with a group who wants to just save money but want a great location than this is your place. First the pros:2 blocks from beach, they have a pool onsite, if you call them after booking two seperate rooms for their cheap rate you can ask the hotel to give you two connected rooms with a kitchenette and only pay about $0.50 cents more per room (not bad). Overall rooms are cleaned daily. Price was great! We paid like $99.50 per room per day. The best part is that it is 2 blocks from the beach and just on the other side of the International market! They have Chilli's restaurant in lobby area and pizza hut quick room service. Now the cons: TOO Many night clubs directly below the hotel or to the side of it. Thank god we travel with ear plugs because we both had balcony rooms and had we not had them we would have lost OUR minds by the second night. It is VERY NOISY on Kuhio Ave right at this hotels location. Clubs stay open until 4 am, yes 4 am! Rooms are like staying at a Motel 6 or something similar with dingy beds and blankets. The bathrooms for the rooms with king size beds are teeny tiny only have showers and the paint was peeling off the walls. The shower stall did not close that well so we always had to mop up the floor with one of our extra towels after showering. The parking is hard! Too little levels and you squeeze your way into the stalls. Sometimes they double parked us. Now the worst thing. On the very first night there in the middle of the night I had heard a bug flap on to my sheets and kicked it off. I did not pay any mind too it after that too exhausted. When I awoke to my awful surprise I found one of those exotic HUGE dead cockroach by the balcony sliding doors. I guess I kicked the life out of it (Thank goodness). = ) Overall it is OK for a party group I think is best and OK for families as long as your ok with the possible big bugs now and then. I only saw one but the hotel does disclose that due to it being a tropical location they do have occassional visitors like this. = )  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>doghunter
<Content>Gone downhill We are airline personnel and have been staying at the Ohana West for over 20 years now...loved the location and the ambience of safe, clean and easy on the pocket book....unfortunately the security guards now roaming the pool, and virtually all over and the added feeling of this is a nightclub atmosphere for the younger crowd doesn't sit well for families and the easy going feeling the years gone by.....seems to be attracting a rowdier crowd and although the price is still right, I think we'll pay a bit more and head down to a quieter part of waikki......  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Chelsx01
<Content>Do you own earplugs?? Great location, friendly  helpful staff, good cleanliness. However, there is at least 1 bar/club nearby that must have a license until 4am as there is loud music pumping out into the air until then. With that you also get the inherent drunks shouting, dancing, laughing in the street etc, so they dont go home til 5am. OK if you are one of them - but not if you want a decent nights sleep.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>HappyNL
<Content>Great Location, Great People We spent 7 days at the Ohana Waikiki West and had a great time. We had a corner room on the 8th floor, city view w/kitchenette. The room was fairly roomy with a small patio c/with table and two chairs. The view from the patio and the corner window was fantastic. The International Marketplace was directly across the street and there were many many stores/malls/restuarants around every corner. Waikiki Beach was just a few minutes walk. The only problem we had with the hotel was the elevators were really slow...but we were on vacation and no real hurry to get anywhere. There was even a small fitness room. The pool and area was clean. The staff at the hotel was helpful and friendly. I would recommend this hotel. After all we were on vacation and spent very little time in our hotel room.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>kdhai
<Content>Decent package deal Hotel room was decent for the price paid for. It did show some age in the walls and furniture but serves the purpose for a place to stay. Small kichenette was useful for the fridge and microwave. Should always prefer a double over a single king size bed since the room is so much more! Conveniently across from the international market and walking distance to the beach. Also has complimentary trolley to the mall.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	5	3	3	

<Author>CalvinBearVancouver
<Content>Good location and friendly staff First time on the Island. Stayed here for five nights through a package deal.Good location, friendly staff, unit a bit dated, Some rate it as a 3 star, I think it is just your average 2 star.Ed from Vancouver, BC, Canada  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>shansmom
<Content>You get what you pay for! Great staff and location!Hug holes in the walls as you walk down the first floor hallway. Kitchen stuff was sticky not sure from what, remember to turn up your fridge when you put something in it or will will be warm when you return for it. Microwave small but very handy. Food market across the street is wonderful they have everything there. Denny's across the other street good as well. We paid $70.00 for a 7pm check out which I thought was kinda on the high side since the rooms only go for $99.As a travel agent not sure if I will reccomend my clients stay at this hotel, way too many small things to write about, just remember you get what you pay for!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>weareallcanucks
<Content>Spring Break Waikiki We stayed at this hotel because it was recommended from a friends friend.Check in was fine however, we requested a room above the 7th floor three months before arriving.When we arrived we where told Your room is on the mezzazine level and no other rooms are available.Well we tried the room on the mezzazine level but found it too noisy late at night and from approx. 500am and onwards as you can hear the delivery people shouting instructions to each other.After two days ,we went back to the Front desk looking for a solution to this unacceptable living condition.We stated our concerns and where able to transfer to the fifth floor same side of the building and conditions improved right away.No noise from receiving area and street noise was barely audible.Room was cleaner except for windows facing out,probably had not be cleaned in months(inside or out).Had to purchase some window cleaner to clean myself as room attendants where not concerned.Elevators slow,using stairs gave us some excercise every day.Central location close to International Market Place,one block from main shopping area and block and a half from the beach.If you want to park overnight its $18. per night(ouch)because overnight parking is very limited in the area.Pink trolley very handy to get to Ala Moana Shopping Centre(free with your room pass)stops in front of hotel every 10 mins.Weather was beautiful in March and would like to return again but maybe a different hotel.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	5	3	3	

<Author>telle84
<Content>Great location for our family vacation We stayed at the Ohana Waikiki West from November 12-19, 2007. We had6 adults and two children travelling together; 3 rooms in total.It was late when we checked into the hotel so we didn't have to wait in line to get checked in. The lobby has beautiful fresh flower arrangements and wireless internet connections. There is also an ATM and a tour desk. On arrival we found out we had been upgraded and ended up with two kitchenette rooms and they had even given us a set of connecting rooms! This was great as we were travelling with two 2 year-old boys which gave us the freedom to prop the doors open and they could go back and forth as they pleased while everyone was getting ready in the morning.Our rooms were located on the first floor (they were very accommodating as we had requested rooms on a lower floor) which was great because we were just down the hall from the pool. Our room was surprisingly quiet as we faced the street and were not far from the bar/pool area. The room itself was spacious - even with a crib beside the bed! - and clean. Our king sized bed was comfortable enough. The air conditioning worked fine, the mini fridge was great for storing juice boxes and snacks. Although we didn't make use of the in-room coffee, they did replenish the supplies daily. The chairs and table on the lanai were great - we enjoyed a breath of fresh air in the morning before getting our day started. Housekeeping was great - were there every day to make the bed, clean the bathroom and replace towels.The only thing I disliked was the shower - very inefficient design and the water was only ever lukewarm.We loved the location as it was just a couple of blocks from the beach and right across the street from the Food Pantry. Chili's on site was always busy, as was the Denny's across the street, but both served good food. The free 15 minute or less phone calls were a great bonus as we could call home and it didn't cost a thing!I should also mention that there were always visible security guards on site whether it was out in the parkade or in the hotel lobby.The pool was never overcrowded. We stopped by the bar for a few drinks a couple of evenings. Alright service, but can't complain when you're watching the palm trees swaying in the wind!Overall, this hotel was perfect for our stay. Nothing fancy, but had everything we needed in a good location.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Debonaire1975
<Content>Perfect Location I must say, Ohana Waikiki West was great. Based on all the past reviews I read about it, I was not expecting it to be this good. We stayed from March 12th till March 25th, 2008. As soon as we walked in, I could tell that this was a very busy and popular hotel.We checked our luggage in with the bellboy. He was very helpful and friendly. Later, we checked in to our room. I asked if we could be placed in a room at the highest level possible and the man at reception was very obliging. He put us on Level 12. I recommend that you stay on a higher level facing away from the street, so that you avoid the noise coming from the street and the pool and bar level. Kuhio Avenue can get extremely noisy. We made a great decision in reserving a kitchenette room. We had all the appliances and utensils we needed to make a quick bite at any time we wanted. Even better, we were directly across the road from Food Pantry - a very well-stocked supermarket. We had access to all the food and groceries we needed. Our room (simple-saver kitchenette) was very spacious, very clean, had a lot of storage space and just what we needed. The decor was nice enough. The only problem we had was with a dripping toilet cistern. I spoke to a lady at the reception desk and she quickly sent the maintenance man to our room. He was there within 5 mins. I was very impressed by that. The housemaids were extremely caring, friendly and did a great job. Nothing was too much for them. They always made an effort to say hello and ask us how we were whenever they saw us on our level.If there was one major thing I could fault about the hotel, it'd have to be the elevators. They were a nightmare - so jerky,temperamental and one had to insert their room card to go up (which didn't always work). It did get frustrating at times but it was a good conversation starter with other travellers also in the elevator. Another negatives was the busy-ness of the hotel - it made it very congested and the elevators very slow. Nevertheless, we were on vacation, so these faults were in no way important enough to ruin our time in Hawai'i. All in all, the hotel was in such a great location. We were in the heart of Waikiki - about a 5 min walk from Kalakaua Ave/Beach. We were very close to the International Market Place, close to every ammenity we needed, including a bus stop (which had buses going practically everywhere in Oahu), a tram stop, a Starbucks, a pharmacy, an amazing restaurant called Chillis on the corner of the hotel (I highly recommend this place) and an excellent Internet Cafe around the corner on Nahua Street. If your'e looking for a great budget hotel, this is definitely the one.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Poppet12
<Content>Who needs a flash hotel when there is an amazing beach! After reading some of the reviews I was a little nervous about staying here . Yes, the hotel is in serious need of an upgrade. The rooms are small and old fashioned. But who goes on holiday to sit in their hotel room? This was our first time in Waikiki and the hotel was perfect for us. It is in an awesome location, it's clean and most importantly it's safe. The elevators were pretty dodgy but if that's your biggest concern on holiday, then you definately need to head to the beach and relax. I do recommend asking to be in a room on a higher floor. The views dont get any better since it is a few blocks back from the beach anyway, but it is a lot quieter. If you are wanting to stay somewhere that is resonably priced, is in a great location and you dont mind dated wallpaper then this hotel is a good choice. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mumontherun
<Content>Good location I stayed at Ohana West with a large tour group and found the hotel to be very well located, with comfortable rooms. Facilities were of a good standard, and the rooms had a fridge, microwave, coffee maker, hotplate, some basic cooking implements and a kitchen sink. The twin rooms with two double beds were quite small, while the rooms with two queen beds were quite spacious. All had their own balcony. The air conditioning was efficient and quiet enough to have on all night, but with no temperature control. However, we found the bedding adequate for the air-conditioned room temperature. This is not a hotel you would go to if you want peace and quiet, but a good choice if you want to be in the heart of the Waikiki tourist area, a short walk from the beach and across the road from markets. Some of the rooms could be very noisy - I would actively avoid any room number ending in 70 (especially 270 and 370) as those rooms are virtually in the public areas and adjacent to the pool and elevators. The hotel is configured in an L shape with two wings, one of which overlooks the pool and streets, so the rooms on the street/pool side could be quite noisy. My room was in the other wing and I had no problems with external noise. There was a small Starbucks on the street corner of the same building, and a number of restaurants close by, including Dennys across the road. There is a supermarket opposite the hotel and several ABC stores close by.The elevators were very slow and very jerky, but the stairwell was right by the stairs and we mostly used that. Plumbing was upgraded during our stay, which meant there was no water to most floors for a day, and our room smelled when we returned to it. This was a relatively minor inconvenience, however, and the smell disappeared once we'd aired the room. Our showerhead needed replacement, but it still worked well enough to have a shower so hopefully if they're upgrading plumbing they'll get round to the showerheads as well. This is not a palace, but it's comfortable and well located and would suit travellers who need to have the convenience of a kitchenette.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Aussiegirl406
<Content>Fantastic hotel in the heart of Waikiki We had a wonderful 9 nights at this hotel. We turned up at the reception desk at the Ohana Waikiki West after walking out of the hotel I had initially booked over the internet (which turned out to be a total disaster). The reception staff at the Waikiki West were friendly and welcoming and immediately checked us into a lovely room with a view of Diamond Head, even though it was only about 9.30am and check-in time isn't usually until around 3pm. We had a large, comfortable, spotlessly clean room with a kitchenette, and as part of the accommodation deal ($139/night) we were given $15 vouchers to use every day at the Food Pantry supermarket next door. Even better than that, we were given all our vouchers on the first day so were able to do quite a big shop and stock up on our groceries for the week. We were also able to use our room keycard for free trips on the Pink Trolley that services Waikiki and Ala Moana shopping centre. All the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, including the room attendants and reception staff. All the other guests I spoke to in the lift seemed to be very happy to be there as well, and I didn't hear one complaint about the hotel from another guest for our entire stay. The location of the hotel is great, only a five minute walk to the beach through the International Market Place. I will definately stay at this hotel again and will recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>SeeDiph
<Content>Yuck! Not a good choice...       Bathroom Room 2  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>bcincalgary
<Content>Gone down hill!! I have stayed at this hotel many times. Booked there again for the last two weeks of January. Requested two rooms on lower floors. When we arrived, one room was on the 5th floor, the second on the 12th. Staff acted like they didn't care - that's all we have, we were told.Rooms filthy! Stains on walls, mold in bathroom and layers of dust under tables and by walls.You can do much better for their rates!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>InsideTrack
<Content>Not What It Used To Be It's been 13yrs since we last stayed here. On that trip, we thought the hotel (then known as the Outrigger West) was a little outdated. Clearly, they've done nothing to update this hotel in that time.Let me start by saying that the hotel is still great value. You get a place to hang your hat in the middle of busy Waikiki so that you can go exploring during the day. The location is close to shopping and dining amenities. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful.As for what we didn't like, the building is old, old, old. Carpet and walls are dirty and you don't really want to walk around your room in your bare feet. There is a country bar in the front of the foyer and you are made to run the gauntlet of drunks, stoners, hookers and criminal types ALL HOURS of the day. Not cool.Finally, the hotel was infested with OLD people. Our poolside visit felt more like a trip to a seniors home....a seniors home of drunks.If you want a cheap place to stay in Waikiki and plan on getting no enjoyment from your hotel, then stay here. Otherwise, spend a bit more money and go somewhere closer to the beach  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>brilondon
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, This Hotel was a very comfortable place to base our holiday from as it is located centrally to Waikiki and has excellent transportaion links to the rest of the Island. The room was very clean and the staff was excellent and could not be more helpful and make our stay more enjoyable. The price was right for Waikiki and you definatily got value for your money spent here.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kevinl31
<Content>Disappointing We selected this hotel with the assistance of a travel agent and based on the photos and description in the brochure we felt if was a bagain. Upon arrival both my wife and I felt a sense of what was about to come. The check-in was smothe however getting to the room was like running the gauntlet as the elevators are slow, small, and in disrepair. Our room was the final straw as it was in much need of repair. The paper on the walls were peeling, carpet was filthy and full of stains, the bathroom was also in need of a total overhaul. We decided to spend the night as it was late, however the next day we went out in search of new accomodations and found it at the Hilton Prince Kuhio for only $30 more per night than were had paid here. It was like leaving hell and entering paradise.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	5	5	1	

<Author>MFOS
<Content>Pleased with the Ohana Arrived after a disappointing time in LA but our time in Hawaii made up for it. The Ohana is central to Waikiki a few minutes walk to the beach and plenty of shops and restaurants just outside the hotel.We were located on the 15th floor which we enjoyed as it was pretty peaceful up there. The room was comfortable, clean and had tea service, Tv etc and a safe in the room.As guests of the hotel we had free travel on the shuttle which travelled through waikiki past various shopping complex's and along the seafront.Restauranta and shops much cheaper than LA and good value for money. Wish we had spent more time in Hawaii and less in LA.Did the tour of the island which we enjoyed very much. If I went back again I would hire a car as there are great beaches just along the coast away from the city.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Gr8ful321
<Content>Fabulous Location, Great Staff, and Adequate Stay The Ohana Waikiki West is a 17 Floor, 663 room hotel in a wonderful location close to the beach, shops, and all the action.My husband and I stayed four nights at the Ohana Waikiki West through the Fairfield Resorts Get Up and Go Hawaii Program. We were assigned this hotel by Fairfield Resorts / Wyndham Resorts. When we arrived, it was easy to find the parking garage, which was clean and had security cameras throughout. We then went to the hotel lobby which is adjoining to Chili鈥檚 Restaurant.I recalled the mixed reviews from Trip Advisor when checking in, so asked if our room was on the newer side of the hotel. I was told no. I then asked if we could be switched to the newer side. The front desk agent advised me that there is no newer side. Though the hotel will undergo major renovation in 2009, the best they can do is upgrade us to the front side of the hotel which has a view of the ocean. The room would have been the same size (standard) with a kitchenette and lanai (balcony); the only difference is the ocean view 鈥?which we took for an upgraded daily price of $10.We were assigned to Room #1633 on the 16th Floor not too far from the elevator (the hotel is 17 floors total). The hotel room is 12 x 13 (156 square feet) along with a small bathroom, and small closet which contained an ironing board, hair dryer, and large safe. The room size is usual ad customary compared to room sizes at other hotels from what I noted on reviews and in our experience by staying at another hotel prior to the Ohana Waikiki West. The kitchenette area comprises of a refrigerator, bar sink, two burner electric stove, mini microwave, and a few kitchen items such as utensils, towel, etc. The lanai has two chairs and a small table 鈥?there is a large sliding glass door that separates the lanai from the bedroom. The room is light green in color, and the d茅cor is from the 80s. The furniture and headboard are worn from use, the room needs to be painted, and other items are just plain old. However, the room is sufficient for guests planning to be out more than in. The TV is an older 19 inch TV with a minimal array of stations. The channel choices are poor, especially since there were at least four channels dedicated to tourist activities (each channel labeled: 鈥淒ining,鈥?鈥淪hopping,鈥?鈥淪ightsee,鈥?and 鈥淓ntertainment鈥?. The king bed was adequate. There were 3 pillows on the bed with a fourth in the dresser. We did not experience any bugs in our room the entire time.For the most part, you cannot hear guests walking in the hallway or in adjoining rooms. The only thing I heard was when our neighbor closed their sliding glass door. However, I was in the lobby using the Internet and overheard several guests complaining about the almost daily noise heard from a bar across the saloon, Mad Dog Saloon, and the Police having to remove trouble makers. The guests complaining were on the lower floors. I believe asking for a room on the higher floors is of great benefit. A police substation is very close to the hotel, which is nice.The view of the ocean is beautiful, and I am not disappointed paying $10 daily for it. However, the view is NOT unobstructed 鈥?there are many other hotel buildings in Waikiki, and you can see these hotels in addition to the ocean. Being on the street side instead of the back of the hotel allows guests to see tourists on the street below. From the upper floors, in my case, from the 16th Floor, I did not hear any construction noise as reported on this site by some users 鈥?in fact, I did not hear any construction noise at all when we were out during the morning, afternoon, etc.I was surprised that I could hear faint yelling/talking loud from inebriated people having a good time at 3 a.m. and 4 a.m. in front of the hotel while going to the Denny鈥檚 across the street (this only happened on a Saturday night). I would not want to be on the lower floors to hear that. My husband did not hear the yelling at all 鈥?I think it was an isolated incident.The Star Bulletin Newspaper is complimentary and delivered at 4 a.m. daily. There are three elevators in the hotel, and a room key is needed to operate it. I ran into several people 鈥渟tuck鈥?on the elevator, and I am unsure if it is user error or if the elevator intermittently worked.Parking is $18 per day for guests. This cost appears to be normal, so don鈥檛 be surprised. There is supposed to be a workout room hotel guests can use located across the street, but we did not go. There is also a pool on the Mezzanine level, but we did not take the time to use the pool. There is a BBQ at this area on Saturdays and Sundays from 1 p.m. to 6 p.m. You can also get free towels from the Mezzanine area, even if you are going to the beach or other area needing a large towel. There is a $20 fee only if you do not return the towel.The hotel has a security guard in the lobby. There is an ATM machine in the hotel lobby in the area opposite of the registration and tour desks. Internet is only available from the lobby area and not available in the rooms. A guest laundry room is located to the right of the three elevators on the ground floor, and a room key is needed to access the room. There are seven washing machines and six dryers. The cost to wash is $2.00 for a 30 minute cycle, and drying is $1.50. There is soap available for $1.25. The laundry room also has a sink, ironing board, video games, and snack machine.Due to being tired from the day鈥檚 activities, we were able to eat at the convenient restaurants located in or near the hotel. Chili鈥檚 Restaurant in the hotel was fantastic. We also ordered a pizza from Round Table Pizza delivered from a nearby restaurant. It cost about $18 for a small pizza with six slices, however, it was fast (less than 15 minutes), hot, and with ample toppings when it arrived. We also ate breakfast at Perry鈥檚 Smorgy Restaurant a very short walk from the hotel 30 seconds away from the Food Pantry. It is a buffet restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. Though I would not say the food is fabulous, it is sufficient and has a nice variety for $7.95. We crossed the street and had an inexpensive breakfast at Keoni located in the Ohana East Hotel where service was fast and friendly, and food was good. I got two pancakes, two pieces of bacon and one scrambled egg for $3.95. If you do not have a car, there is a very large shopping area across the street named International Market Place. It is comprised of various vendors both in kiosks and in shops selling touristy type items. There is also a food court that has non-name brand items sold by local vendors as well. I have been told that souvenirs at the Aloha Swap Meet located at the Aloha Bowl are cheaper 鈥?and we did go there, too. However, the prices at the International Market Place are reasonable and comparable to the swap meet.If you have a car, you can go to the brand new Safeway on 888 Kapahulu Avenue (1.62 miles or 5 minutes away from the hotel). It is HUGE, the biggest I have ever seen anywhere. It has a large selection of food, plus a deli and restaurant area. You can also buy salad for $6.99 per pound and Chinese food for $6.99 per pound as well. There are also a variety of four soups, a 鈥淣ut Bar鈥? large variety of fruits, floral and plants, etc. Parking will be challenging during the weekday from 5 p.m. onward when people are just getting off work and going by the grocery store.I also went to the Wal-Mart located at 700 Keeaumoku Street (ZIP Code 96814). It is also only 5 minutes away from the hotel by car. It doesn鈥檛 look like Wal-Mart stores that I am accustomed to. Due to lack of parking, it is more like yellow/beige parking garage 鈥?when you go inside, Wal-Mart is on the first floor and Sam鈥檚 Club is on the second floor. It is across the street from Nordstrom鈥檚 in the Ward Center. This Wal-Mart carries a lot of souvenirs as well, thought I would not say the prices area cheaper 鈥?the Swap Meet and the International Market Place are cheaper. But you can get Hawaiian athletic clothing here at a reasonable price. The store is a super Wal-Mart in which you can also purchase food items.Previous reviews mentioned prostitutes in front of the hotel. I did not see one in front of this hotel the four days we were here, but I did see one on another side of Waikiki. We happened to stay at another hotel for one night a street away prior to relocating to the Ohana Waikiki West, and there was one prostitute in that area. Actually, they are all over the Waikiki area but in the five days here, I only saw one. My husband previously was in Waikiki and said there were a lot near his old hotel. You will see them after dark. They will usually be attractive (make up, etc), walking by themselves and dressed in something short 鈥?I am na茂ve and didn鈥檛 know what to expect until I saw one.Paying for parking, street noise, etc., are problems in all of Waikiki and not just at the Ohana Waikiki West. I feel the location is fantastic and convenient. Staff is friendly and accommodating. If you prefer newer d茅cor with Internet in your room, you may wish to check other places and plan to pay higher prices (my husband and I normally travel that way). However, the Ohana is adequate for a visit to Waikiki who are watching their budget, especially for those who do not plan to stay in their rooms.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SurferDad
<Content>Mainly Enjoyable Our family of four stayed at this hotel in October for our first trip to Hawaii. The rooms were a good size (kitchenette combo), beds were large and comfortable and the location was excellent for shopping, restaurants and the beach. The pool area is nice and relaxing and we spent quite a few late afternoons there. The only sour note of the stay was on leaving. My wife didn't notice until after we had left that she had left behind one of our daughters dresses and her favourite necklace. I phoned the hotel upon our arrival back in Australia and was advised there was no sign of them. We had left a nice tip behind for the cleaners so this disappointed me more. I know that it was our fault leaving it behind but I would like to think that I could have paid for the postage for the return of my goods. Please be careful of your personal belongings here. A disappointing end to a great holiday.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	3	5	1	-1	

<Author>DoggiesFan
<Content>Great Location in Waikiki We rented a Kitchenette Combo room through Bookit.com which was ideal for a family of 5. We had a king and two double beds, 2 bathrooms, and a kitchenette.The location was ideal across from the International Market Place and only a short walk to Waikiki Beach. We also found having the Food Pantry supermarket next door and Denny's across the street to be very handy.The staff were always friendly and attentive and our room was always kept clean. We would have no hesitation in staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>elirnerak
<Content>Ohana West Hotel       Photo is view from our balcony on the 15th floor.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>AdelaideSurfnsun
<Content>Ok, but no view We comprised of 2 adults and 2 children and were accomodated in one room with queen size beds. Queen beds make all the difference. The room was fine as was the bathroom. Our room was toward the back and we had an excellent view of everyone's balconies from adjoining apartments.The pool area is ok and is popular for families, however there is a fair amount of traffic noise from the street below.The hotel is 2 streets back from Waikiki beach. Plenty of restaurants around. A good spot for a cheap breakfast is across the road. Look for the guys handing out menu's. There is also a Denny's across the road and a Starbuck's around the next corner.The hotel is clean, but, aside from the housemaids, we didn't find the staff overly friendly.Disappointed in Honolulu and Waikiki, but that's another story. Have a tip for a good tour and a not so good tour for anyone interested.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	2	2	

<Author>Seminole_Co_Traveler
<Content>Noisy Hotel My wife and I stayed for three nights, and ended up in three different rooms. The first night was fine, but the second night the hotel had a loud party, and we had to change rooms at midnight. The second room was only slightly more quiet. We changed to a quiet room on the third day. Management did not apologize, and the only compensation we got was that we paid $10 less for the lower class room for the last night.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Derek_London_Ont
<Content>Excellent Value After some small problems with check in, we were given a kitchenette room on the sixth floor. However, it was looking at the wall of the next hotel 30 feet away so for $10 a night we upgraded to the 10 th floor and a view of the ocean (between the beach hotels). The room was clean, excellent housekeeping, kitchen facilities were fine (we don鈥檛 do much cooking), and we liked the large security safe in the room. We bought some mugs as the cups were too small for a decent cup of tea.There was complimentary wireless Internet in the lobby and the hotel was central to all Waikiki activities. We were concerned with the reviews about the slow elevators but in the week we were there, only once did we wait more than a minute for an elevator.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Crazyhawkeye
<Content>Well... It was a cheap place to stay near Waikiki... My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night. At the last minute we ended up flying into HNL from Kona to catch a flight back to MSP the following day. It was getting late and we found an ad for this hotel at the airport, called and they had a room for $100.We took a taxi to the hotel, as the hotel shuttle was only available for drop-offs at the airport. Check-in seemed a bit slow and the lobby was pretty crowded for 10:30 at night.When we got to our floor (8th) there were several bags of trash laying in the hallway. Our room had a balcony that looked directly into the building next door. Also the sliding glass door to the balcony did not seem to lock properly. There was a safe in the room but we had to pay to use it. Overall the room seemed old, tired and dingy. The dresser/counter had not been wiped off from the previous guests and had a sticky/dirty ring from a glass. The bathroom was small and the shower had paint peeling off. Also the carpet felt a bit sticky on bare feet.Wireless internet is available in the lobby. However the lobby was very crowded every time we were there. Our flight was not until late afternoon and we were able to check out an hour late (1 pm) at no additinal charge. Check-out past 1pm and we would have been charged an additional $20 per hour.We attempted to take the hotel shuttle to the airport. This turned out to be a joke! The cost was $9/person and the van was packed! The other 7 people taking the shuttle were going to the pier to catch a cruise. After the 7 cruise passengers were dropped off the shuttle driver asked us to get out and take a taxi the rest of the way to the airport! We did not have to pay for the shuttle to the pier and the shuttle driver did find a taxi for us, however it was just more hassle than we had wanted to deal with...As for staying at this hotel, well... it was a cheap place to stay near Waikiki...  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	2	2	3	

<Author>AndyStephanie
<Content>Ohana Waikiki West...Bad from the beginning!       Ceiling  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phase0406
<Content>Aloha- its got all of the basics and a great location! Ohana Waikiki West is in a great location. Centrally located on Kuhio Avenue, one can easily walk to shops, restaurants and of course the beach. The beach is only about 3-4 minutes by foot from the hotel and a nice little walk at that.Rooms are large and clean, with simple amenities. You can get kitchens if you want, which would be great for families. Views are limited, and since the building is built in an L shape, you get different views, depending on how high up you are: water, mountains, street, or other buildings.Staff are friendly and get things done efficiently. Right across the street is the Food Pantry, which is a supermarket with everything you need, including souveniers.There is a safe in the room, mini-fridge and other basics. Balconies are nice and big, great for relaxing on. There is a tiny weight room, and a large pool...but who wants to go to the pool in Hawaii??? They also have a shuttle which will take you to several points in the Waikiki area for free, you just need to show your room card. There is also parking at the hotel, but this tends to be on the expensive side, just as most other hotels are expensive for this.Again, great location for a basic room. If you are going to be in your room most of the time, I would not recommend this. But if you are there for the sun, surf and sights, then this is a good place to be. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>KareLynn
<Content>Two Thumbs and Ten Toes UP! Fabulous Experience! Our room wasn't what it was supposed to be the first night (we had booked a kitchenette room) so they more than made up for it by giving us a gorgeous large clean spacious wonderful kitchenette room for the rest of our stay. Staff was great and for meals we HIGHLY recommend the restaurant across the street, the Galaxy Steak House --- yummy and priced RIGHT!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ugurd
<Content>High-rise holiday Stayed for three nights at this well located hotel, a couple of blocks away from lovely Waikiki beach. We were very well received at the front desk. The room was quite nice with the largest bed I've slept in so for (Europeans are not familiar with king size). We stayed at 16th floor which was nice and quiet.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TokyoSurferboy
<Content>Decent Hotel Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Ohana West. Overall, the hotel seems to be quite 'aged' and in need of a facelift. Rooms:Stayed on the 11th floor in one of the studio-type corner rooms facing Diamondhead on the left and Waikiki beach in front. The room itself was clean, spacious, and had a bright atmosphere (lots of sunlight ). It had a decent-sized kitchenette with a small fridge. The bathroom however was dark+gloomy and quite small, with an even smaller sink that made you constantly spill water on the floor when washing your hands or face. The shower reminded of a hole in the wall booth, but it served its purpose. Since we basically only stayed in our room at night we didn't mind the set-up at all. The only problem we had was with the noise-level in the middle of the night. Some guests were smoking in the hallway while loudly chatting away on their mobiles at 4am (!!).Elevators: Yes, they only got 3 'very slow' elevators for 13+ floors and sometimes we spent waiting up to 5 minutes, especially, around 7-8pm. Parking:Parking is expensive (then again, it's Waikiki) and if you get back to the hotel after 8pm there's a good chance all spaces will be gone. Using your hotel permit you can then park for free at a nearby public parking garage (short walk, two blocks away). Be careful when parking at the hotel. Most guest seem to drive SUV or oversized sedans making parking quite challenging since everything is very narrow and there is almost no space between vehicles. On our last day, just before returning our rental, we discovered a nasty hand-size scrape on our front-bumper courtesy of someone else. Fortunately, we had full coverage. Location:The Ohana West is conveniently located in the heart of Waikiki and within short walking distance from Waikiki beach, plenty of restaurants, etc.If you're looking for a basic/decent accomodation in a convenient location and you're not planning on spending a lot of time in your room then the Ohana West is good enough. Otherwise, we wouldn't recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Catherine19
<Content>You get what you pay for! We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights as part of our holiday around the islands.The hotel was very busy with people coming and going all the time. The lobby area was small and a little shabby with no real lounge area or bar so we didn't spend any time downstairs in the hotel.Our room was of an ok size but it was in need of an update. it seemed clean but did smell a bit musty. We had a balcony but it was small and looked over a back street so we didn't use it. The room had a fridge and a safe which we used.The hotel had car parking but there was a charge.We didn't use the pool area at all as it was crowded and just wasn't the kind of place you could relax.The location of the hotel was good as you could walk to all of the shops, bars and restaurants.We used this hotel as a base to see the island and spent very little time in the hotel. If this is what you want to do then this hotel is ok for a few nights. I would not want to spend my entire holiday here though!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>HorseyGirlSydney
<Content>Really Really Bad I booked this hotel for my parents Holiday to stay here for 10 days. They didn't want to stay there any longer than 1 night. The rooms were small. The lifts in the hotel didn't stop at the right place so you never got off on the right stop. The pool was always dirty and full of kids. Hotel was full of drag queens, out the front were hookers. Best thing about it is chillies is underneath and its across the road from the international market place. If you don't mind all of the other stuff its cheap accomodation. We just didn't fly 10 hours to stay in a dodgy place. It wasn't suitable for my family  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	2	2	3	

<Author>Bob33929291023023
<Content>Warning for Techies 1) Must have called and verified access to internet with wireless in rooms 3 times before reserving rooms here. Regardless, no internet access in rooms. Big negative for me since I was counting on planning day trips etc. Alternative is to spend valuable time away from family in hotel lobby connected to their wireless router. 1a) Actually attempted to use Skywave in room since signal strength on their routers was strong. Skywave is a paid wireless service. Wasted about 3 hours trying to remain connected to Skywaves fluctuating performance and signals. At most times, it took 10 minutes just to be timed out while finishing the linking process which allows access to the internet.2) I have many devices which require charging during the night. Learned the hard way that most of the 110V recepticles in the room are so used they don't have any gripping capability (their loose) and thus what you thought was getting power to recharge disconnected during the night. Very frustrating since I was counting on having this equipment charged for the next day.3) Air conditioning in room was not nearly cool enough. Was counting on getting some good rest, but really, just too warm in room.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>barbara1105
<Content>Great location, great price       standard room  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>misschris7408
<Content>Great For The Money Our family (2 adults, 2 teenaged daughters) stayed here for 5 days. The location is great. This was not the best hotel that I've stayed at but it truely serves the purpose - somewhere clean to sleep. There was a little bit of mildew in the bathroom and we had to keep asking housekeeping for extra towels but it was a good hotel at a good price for the most part.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>mompad
<Content>Not worth the $$ Ok - as long as you know what you're getting. Very small and not the cleanest. Extremely noisy at night (until about 4:30am!). Getting an elevator takes about 10 minutes.I think we could have done better for the money. Won't recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	3	2	

<Author>Dulcinea10
<Content>Passable affordable accomodation in Waikiki Our stay at Ohana West started off a bit rough but got better. We were booked in for a mountain view standard plus kitchenette (second lowest price class), but upon check in, opted for another $10 a night to upgrade to a small suite on the Penthouse floor. Sounds good, doesn't it ? Don't be deceived! To get to one of these 18th floor suites, you are forced to walk up a back stairwell from the 17th floor, as the elevator does not go higher for anyone except the Penthouse suite. Going up these stairs with lots of heavy luggage is, of course, no fun, but really, just traveling through that grungy stairwell everytime we went to our room left me with a bad taste in my mouth. The suite had a separate living room, which was a nice addition, but the bathroom had shrunk to a broom closet.To add to that, the first night we were there, we discovered that this suite had the thinnest walls I'd observed since a Motel 6!! The family staying in the suite next to us had a rip roaring fight at 2 am, and I heard every word. i could even hear normal conversation. As a result, we switched to a more normal room the next morning. The front desk was pretty accomodating in moving us to a different room, and after a bit of grumbling about different room grades and rates, gave us an upgrade to an ocean view while refunding our $10 per day upgrade price. So that was nice.However, the walls in the new room were only slightly thicker than the walls in our penthouse suite, so for one night we had another loud couple in the middle of the night waking me up, who thankfully then left. So if you are a very light sleeper, this may not be the best hotel for you. Otherwise, it was perfectly adequate. The towels were good quality (which is one of my pet peeves about many budget hotels), as were the complimentary toiletries (separate shampoo and conditioner, which was nice, as well as a nice oatmeal body soap.) Bathroom was still pretty small, with a shower stall rather than a bathtub.Otherwise, a pretty average room. Bed was fairly firm, important to know for those of you with bad backs, like myself. On the 15th floor, we had a very nice view of Waikiki beach through the other hotels from our lanai (balcony).As for other services offered by the hotel - Average reception area, small gift shop, a Chili's restaurant on the first floor. (This may be one of your few options for non-Asian food in the Waikiki area, where the food is also known for not being too great.) I didn't use any special services, so can't really speak about those.All in all - a fair budget hotel for the Waikiki area.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>viajeraRN
<Content>Very good hotel We walked over to this hotel from one very bad hotel and booked four nights for $1 cheper than we were paying in the first place. This was an oasis in the very busy Waikiki area and we enjoyed it very much. Excellent staff, easy parking ($20/day) clean, very comfortable rooms. The only issue we had was with the security system of using your room card to access the elevator. Almost 50% of the time it didn't work. Other visitors had the same frustration. Otherwise, we will surely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WAYNE069
<Content>This is best of the best !!! I just could not pass this up. The rates where super,and my complete stay was a joy. I know for a fact we will be back...  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Lulubear7
<Content>Fantastic! I stayed at the Ohana Waikiki West for 9 nights in November, 2006. It was my first trip to Hawaii, and I was extremely happy with the hotel. In particular, it is in a great location - across the road from the International Market Place and Denny's Restaurant, where I found good food at reasonable prices; and only 2 short blocks from beautiful Waikiki Beach. My room was a kitchenette, but next time I'd just go for a standard room as I found it was so cheap to eat out, I did not use the kitchen facilities in the room. There was also a grocery store across the road, which was a little expensive but handy.As others have noted here, the lifts are a little slow, but hey - when you're on a holiday, who cares? I was happy with the hotel staff. When I initially checked in, I had asked for a non-smoking room but the room I was given had a strong smell of smoke; and it was also a little noisy (street noise). I asked for another room, and was promptly moved to a much better room which still had great city views but was quiet.All-in-all, I had an absolutely wonderful holiday and I would definitely stay at the Ohana Waikiki West again. God bless!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Kilikena
<Content>Upgraded Ohana West Waikiki is an okay hotel. We were upgraded from a standard room to a mini suite after iI plopped my Trip Advisor backpack down on the checkin counter.The room was large, with a 'fridge, coffeemaker, 2 burner stove top and microwave oven. The beds were terribly lumpy and uncomfortable.The bathroom was small, but the shower was great, with great water pressure.The view was on a side street, where many Japanese tourists congreated well into the wee hours, past 3 am. There was drug dealing, public drinking, 'ladies of the evening', public urination. The tourists made so much noise, we had a hard time sleeping on our third floor perch.Chili's restaurant is on the first floor. the parking garage is very tight parking! Food Pantry is nearby.the pool area was small and lots of little children, with lots of locals staying there.I woulndt stay there again.it cost $92 a night including tax. parking was $13 a night.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>ozJOHNau
<Content>Ohana Waikiki West - Great location and not that bad! I Stayed The First week of June for 6 Nights, The room I was given was on 15th Floor, It was a King Bed and was Clean and Tidy. I had a fridge and Safe in the room.I have stayed here before as i found the loctaion Great. its close to most places in Waikiki, I had Previously stayed at Outrigger/ Ohana Malie Sky Court and found them of a good standard of accomatdation.I have read previous reviews and found none of the problems that the reviewers had posted, Yes the hotel may be dated but I didnt pay to stay at the Hilton. If I did sure I would expect more.The lifts could be faster. When I was there they had started to Paint the outside and they replaced the signage.The Hotel includes free local calls and free long distance in USA , this made it easy to book things etc and has Free Wifi in the lobbyAll in all its a good hotel near food and shopping, The bus stops closeby and the Waikiki Pink line Shuttle stops right outside and is included in the hotel rate , great to to Sears / Wallmart/ Ross Dress for less.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>megey
<Content>Tired Hotel Needs Refurbishment My family stayed at the Ohana Waikiki West for 10 nights in late May 2007. We have 2 children aged 2 and 3 years. The room we were allocated (1066) was very grotty , the carpet was squishy, the fridge door handle was broken so you could not open the fridge, the balcony railing was loose ( nightmare with young ones) , the shower was very dark due to having dark brown 1970's tiles and the metal towel hook on the back of he bathroom smashed onto my bare feet when I closed the bathrom door to use the WC! Distastrous start! I contacted reception and asked for the room to be changed and was initially told this was not possible however after they sent maintenace staff up to try and fix the issues for nearly and a hour and a half and they could not, I was moved to another room ( 1266) which was in working order. This room was cleaner and had white paint on the tiles in the shower so you could at least see what you were doing. All appliances were in good condition. I am very concerned about the state of the balconies ( lanais) as they are very rickety and it would not take much for a litle one to fall through. Subsequently we never used our balcony because we felt it just too unsafe.Housekeeping staff are very friendly and courteous and very efficient. Nothing is ever too much trouble for them. The reception staff are another story, aloof, unfriendly and generally apathetic. We decide to never use their services and just figured things out for ourselves. There are a few guys on the activities desk who are a bit forward with calling out to you to book tours when you are getting out of the lift but we hardly ever saw the same one twice and used a friendly one called Jerry to book a few tours. Do not rely on bell desk to help with your baggage. We had a 5am airport shuttle booked and had spoken to bell desk about helping with our 4 suitcases, 2 strollers and 2 carry on bags at that time and were assured it would be OK. They never showed up and never answered the phone. Reception said they were busy Busy sleeping I reckon! My husband got all our baggage down by himself in 3 trips at 5am!In general the hotel is very tired. Decor is circa1970 and needs a good freshen up. The paint in the bathrom was flaking as they have just painted over the ceramic tiles. The TV is tiny and about 20 years old. The WiFi in the lobby is pretty weak so best going to Starbucks next door. The beds are very hard and the pillows very thin. Towels quite good quality and very easy to get beach towels. Parking garage is small so dont rely on always getting a parking spot.If you do stay here, and I would suggest for only a stopover, then do not accept a room below the 8th floor as the noise from the street would be too much. If you are on the side that overlooks the supermarket you need to be up high as the air conditioning units on the roof of the supermarket are incredibly noisy. I was keeping an eye out for ladies of the night that a few reviewers had sighted but I did not see any!!! I think they may have just been scantily dressed holidaymakers!! I never felt unsafe or uncomfortable walking around with my young children at night.All in all a good location but that is about it. If are only using the hotel for sleeping and will be out from 8am to 10pm then it would be fine, but if like us with young kids, spend a bit more and get something a little more comfortable. Embassy Suites on Waikiki Beach walk is new and loooks great for kids. It is also an Outrigger.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	1	2	1	

<Author>horsenaroun
<Content>Location is wonderful but staff and room is NOT Upon arrival, we had an argument-unecessarily from staff re: Additional charges for room. When we went to our room it was horrible, and not acceptable. I wish I saved the photos of the room, but during the tours I deleted them to give more room in my camera memory. The room was not what we reserved, after still in a grumpy staff, he gave us the King size with the TUB, mind you we had a toddler with us and he does not like the showers. Yes, the bed was hard and lumpy.. but being so tired every night from touring and attending nightshows.. I was too tired to care.When we went down to ask what we have in our package, we were told You have airline rate, so nothing. You get nothing and swipe his hands together. On departure day, we asked to store our bags until we leave for the airport, the staff there kept telling one another to put it in the storage. There were three of them just standing around talking amongst each other, and none of them moved. I even volunteered to take the bags myself to the storage. After a minute or two, finally one moved. I offered to help him.With their awful assistance, I figured it was due to being an Airline Employee. SO, next time, I will ask before booking another reservation with another HOTEL. We will not be going back to them again. THe room was horrible, even when I started to wash the dishes and cleaned around the stove I notice I picked up old grime and dust. Very distasteful room. Also, the bathroom...but I kind of excuse the rust and mildew to the weather climate...The housekeeper in general was good, she cleaned around our belongings, even when we left money laying around and electronic devices, food and such.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>rentuh
<Content>LOCATION AND VALUE AT OHANA WEST We had a10 day stay at this hotel and found it great value for the money.The rooms are of a decent size and you are really in the centre of all the action. The rooms are a little dated,but still pleasant.They were all very clean and serviced well.The walk to the beach is only a couple of blocks flat walk. There are heaps of cheap eaing and classy eating areas near by. We looked at some motels on the beach street and they were similar standard and three times as expensive. The pool area is lovely and the surrounding bar area a really nice place to have a drink or light meal -great coctails with a good happy hour.It is a little too noisy at times. We felt very safe and well looked after. The staff were friendly and helpful.Directly over the road was a restaurant which served huge breakfast for about 2.90 American. Over the road is the international market where Fatty's Kitchen had the nicest Chinese food for about 5.00 American.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Giddy-up
<Content>First time to Hawaii, can't complain. First off it was a short stay (4 days) in Hawaii so time spent in hotel was very limited. However, -- front desk people were very helpfull. -- rooms clean i was on the 17th floor facing the back (not the beach) it had a patio a tv a fridge.. what else do you need.-- good little bar by the pool before you hit the town.really thats about it. i know there are kitchenetts and smaller rooms than the we were in but for a hotel close to the beach it was great.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sunseeker70
<Content>We'll know better for next year We were on the 12 floor facing Kuhio and Royal Hawaiian, nice view. But that was about the only nice thing I could say. Ladies of the evening all over the street, partying on either side of our room till 3 or 4am, the hotels country bar letting out at 4am made for a noisy street, followed by delivery and garbage truck horns and reverse beapers starting at 4:30am made our vacation week a little hellish. Definitely not a quiet family friendly location. I would not consider this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigAL90275
<Content>Wonderful Hotel. We Loved It. I took my daughter to Honolulu for five days for her college graduation present. My son went with us. We had three rooms. All were excellent and very reasonably priced.It was very hot that week in Honolulu. All of our air conditioners worked perfectly. Hotel location in the heart of Waikiki beach was exceptional. We could walk to anything we wanted. We walked two blocks to the Don Ho show and to other things. Swimming pool was perfectly clean and very nice. Hotel's posted photos are very accurate. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baberuth98
<Content>Economical hotel I knew making reservations with this hotel that it was not a 4 or 5 star accomodation but the price and location were right. The front desk, housekeeping and maintenance staff were all pleasant and very professional. The shower stall had some mildew and musty odor which was resolved by the maids when I pointed it out to them. They changed the sheets every other day and vacuumed daily. (I found no evidence of bedbugs or any other type of vermin in the room). The pool was not heated and the air conditioning in the room worked sporatically, but we always had a nice breeze coming in thru the sliding glass doors. The street (Kuhio) in front of the hotel was quite noisy, especially at night after the bars closed, but such is the case in any major city in the USA. I inquired at several 4 and 5 star hotels about their rates and found the price I paid at this hotel to be about half their price. We had a kitchenette (refrigerator, microwave and 2 burner stove top) so we ate most meals in the room. ABC store, Foodland, Denny's and Chili's restaurants, as well as the backside of the International Marketplace were within a block or less. The beach was a quick 5-10 minute walk and the bus and trolley stopped right in front of the hotel. The hotel offered free trolley rides on the pink line and 15 minutes of free long distance to the mainland everyday. Two activity desks were in the lobby for excursions and they were honest about which excursions we could do cheaper on our own (by bus or taxi) and which ones would be better thru them. Most of the tourist sights provided free transportation or it was a $2 bus ride each way. Overall, I would stay at this hotel again even with the few minor inconveniences stated above. There were 3 of us in the room and our vacation in Honolulu cost us approx. $1300 each with airfare from the mainland, hotel charges and excursions (pretty cheap for Hawaii !!!! )  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annefromaustralia
<Content>Don't stay here!       The dark bathroom  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>mistressdee
<Content>Great Patio bar We are a family with two kids 6and 9 the pool was great for them.The bar is close to the pool(open till 8pm) which we thought was great as well. Have a drink play darts or pool and watch the kids swim. Also had a big screen t.v.The elevator was fine once you figured out how the card worked, pretty crowded most of the time but hey, it was only a few minutes ride. Service was good, no complaints, housekeeping super nice, make sure you leave the tip on the bed. Speaking of the bed, I felt very itchy and thought maybe there were bed bugs but after researching realized it was the detergent they used I was allergic too. No BUGS were seen anywhere. Could use new bedspeads for sure.Easy walking distance to everything, kids loved the Fun factory(arcade) across the street.Bad side well pretty noisy on the pool deck they just need to crank the music a bit more. No one bothered us, noise sleeping was NIL and the patio door blocks out most noise. It is in a busy part of Oahu.The airconditioner was very quiet and Low was perfect for us. Over all I would say the decor was the only thing lacking and they could charge more if they up dated it, but hey, who cares your only there for a week or so.Great for people on a budget!!!any questions email me Mistressdee444@msn.com  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonir
<Content>Great Value for the Money Just returned from our 2nd visit to Waikiki West  enjoyed this trip as much as last year. Since we both smoke we were given an unrenovated room (with kitchenette) on the 1st floor by the pool, which was great as I use a wheelchair  didn't have to always wait for a mostly empty elevator. Speaking of the elevators, we had a good time going to different floors as many people didn't know how to use their room card correctly to hit the right floor. We heard very little grumbling about the mixups  mostly people treated it as an adventure. The staff was great - everything we asked for we received in record time. We tipped housekeeping every day  a thank you note was left for us. Our room was large enough to accommodate the wheelchair; it was very clean - no bugs; any dishes left in the sink were washed for us; bell staff were more than kind  helpful. As others have stated, the WW is right on the bus line, a short walk to the beach  right across from The Pantry, which has everything anyone could need for their stay. A word of warning, if you eat at Chili's, dress warmly as the temperature is somewhere around freezing, but the food is worth it. Can't wait to return next year! Aloha!!!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>svenjick
<Content>Just fine It's a good hotel. It's big, it works, and its situation is very good (on the second best street of Waikiki, with shops  bars).I only found two downsides to this place:- noise: a little noise from outside, and noise from the corridor... woke me up once or twice in my 4 nights stay.- lifts: the lifts work with your room card... which don't always work, and you have to have them ready when you get into the lift. Otherwise, the doors close, the lift goes up to the last floor (because someone called it) and you didn't have time to insert your card and press the floor where you wanted to go. But ok, it makes for some fun rides with unknown people :)One the whole, I preferred the Queen Kapiolani, which although was older (in it's decor and furniture) and on the far edge of Waikiki, was more calm. But it's a matter of taste, both were fine.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shwaluks
<Content>Super Hotel We stayed at the Ohana Waikiki West Jan.11 to Jan.15 and Jan.22 to Jan. 25,2007. It was better than we expected.Rooms are large and clean. The cleaning staff were very friendly...always smiling. This hotel is so handy to the beach,grocery store,drug store, and many restaurants. We booked our luau and cultural tour from the hotel and were very pleased with both....everyone so friendly and helpful. We also caught the free pink line trolley to the mall right outside the door. Pool area is large.Chilis Resturant and Nashville Bar are connected to the hotel. Rooms facing the street are rather noisey but rooms at the back are very quiet. We booked this hotel on the internet for the best rates. We would certainly stay here again and recomend this hotel to our friends. You do not even have to rent a car and could easily stay in the kitchenette rooms for long stays.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYC_lover_in_Brum
<Content>Good base for a Waikiki holiday       The terrace in front of our room  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>tbf1mandy
<Content>Budget accommodations This was a very low budget hotel. Overall it was ok. Our view was of a building next door, that was very disappointing. We didn't have any problems with the elevator and there wasn't a lot of noise. I brought my simulated sound machine just in case. We used it a few of the nights due to this horrible grinding noise in the wall. Not sure what it was. Our room was small, but liveable. The shower was ok, not too small. We did have mold in the bathroom along the ceiling and corners. I know we weren't one of the lucky ones to get a redecorated room. The service was excellent! Everyone was very nice. Expecially the maids. If you like city life, stay in Waikiki, if not, go to another island. They don't charge 2.00 a day for the coffee anymore. And parking is 15.00 per day, but this is lower than some of the other hotels. We found parking to be just fine. We had a car for 7 of our 10 days (with repeated extensions). I highly reccommend renting a car. It is sooo worth it!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>dkorwood
<Content>Great Value       Waiting for the elevator  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SouthOztraveller
<Content>Nice, but be very careful if you have a number of rooms The Ohana West is a nice ,clean ,well situated hotel, but be aware of how this group operates. I booked and paid for two rooms at the Ohana Malia in March 2006, 7 months ahead of our requirement(Nov 2006). One room was for my daughter and her family, the other was for my wife and I, from South Australia. Longstanding friends from Alberta, Canada, also booked a room in the Malia, requesting to be placed near us, in the other two rooms. When my daughter and her family arrived, they were moved to the Ohana West, no explanation. We arrived on our due date, were picked up by my daughter and taken to the Ohana West and were informed when I asked we have upgraded you. They could not locate our friends from Alberta, arriving later that night. No explanation, just we know best. We eventually found out our friends were at the Malia and they did bring them down and put them in a room two doors down from our two rooms. But wait, there is more. On the second night, we put our gandchildren to bed (Girl 9, boy 6) bed, also reporting a noise in the airconditiong, but with two seperate instructions, Dont come till morning. You guessed it, room invaded, two very upset kids. The place is a nice lucky dip. The Ohana West allow glass bottles by the pool , alcohol affected adults to throw, with gusto, balls in the pool when children are present. My daughter removed a glass topped table, used as a step, from the pool one morning. There was little point telling any one, they do not listen. As at 18th Dec 2006, I have not had the courtesy of a response or an explantion of why we were bumped, despite paying well ahead.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>derek18lee
<Content>This hotel will disappoint you. We had a late check-in (around 9pm) due a late flight. Room is on the second floor right next to the bar and bathrooms. Our request to switch was turned down due to a so called 'full house' condition. We were not able to sleep until 4-5am due to the noise from the bar, elevator, people, AND, the flushing of toilets right next to our room. The carpet is dirty, paint was chipped on walls, bathroom sink was cracked, shower is extremely tight, half of dozen tiles in shower were broken. Presence of mildow is evident. This room should not be sold. This is a very bad experience! We will never come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>LittleTigerLily
<Content>Great location but you get what you pay for. To reiterate what others have said: yes, the elevator can be a bit tricky, the room was a bit snug, and the walls can seem thin at times, but I really think you have to take it all in with a grain of salt. Basically, you get what you pay for.By no means am I saying that the hotel is a dive. I thought it was great value, it wasn't like I was expecting a room at the Royal Hawaiian! The staff were absolutely courteous and extremely helpful in giving us directions to the sights in Honolulu. The Food Pantry is right down the block, which was really convenient. Across the street was the International Marketplace, fantastic. And the walk to the beach was nothing!The bar by the pool was adorable, and I loved the black and white surf movies that they played at night.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Erith
<Content>Pleasant stay My husband and I have just returned from a five day stay at this hotel and on reading the reviews beforehand Iwe were worried as to what we would find but we were pleasantly surprised. The room was comfortable and clean, the sheets being changed every day and there were plenty of clean bath towels supplied. Yes it could probably have done with a bit of redecorating but we were not in the hotel long enough to worry about this as there was loads to see and do outside - who wants to spend their time in Hawaii worrying about the decoration of their hotel. We did not have any problems with the lift. Just use the key correctly and you will find that it works perfectly. We found all the staff were very friendly and helpful. The bar was very pleasant to have a drink in prior to going out in the evening. The hotel is in a good central location and very near to Waikki beach. People need to remember that this is a 2*/3* hotel and that there are many 4*/5* hotels available if it is luxury and pampering you want.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jake3337
<Content>Downtown Hotel but old and Musty We recently stayed at this hotel as part of a package after our cruise that included a 2 night stay at this hotel. After reading some of the reviews prior to leaving, I was a little worried.We arrived and the room was disgusting and had a very musty smell. We checked for bed bugs after reading some previous reviews and found none. The matress appeared to be fairly new. We were on the 9th floor. My sisters room was actually worse than ours. I have never stayed at a place before that I had to wear my beach shoes in the shower.I must say, it is in a very convenient location but quite a few female escorts if you know what I mean all in the hotel area. There were about 50 of us on this tour package and on our way home everyone was discussing the rooms. Apparently, some rooms were quite nice and renovated and others had similar comments to ours.My suggestion would be to check your room and if it is not renovated and similar to what I have listed above, request another room. I wish I had known this information when I arrived. I just assumed the entire hotel had not been renovated.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>jessicap
<Content>Good deal hotel The Ohana West is a decent hotel close to Waikiki and all the tourists sites. The staff is friendly and the hotel is clean. Nice sized decks, right across the street from a grocery store. I've stayed there twice now and had good experiences both times. However, the main downfall for this hotel is the major lack of parking. If you are driving a lot and going in and out on Friday/Saturday nights in a car and expect to have a spot in the hotel parking lot when you get back -- good luck. Its extremely tight parking and there aren't many spots. But, most of the time you can just get the attendants to valet your car, especially if you tell them you don't feel like driving to the three sister hotels around the corner to look for a spot. Just beware that getting in and out on the busy nights can be annoying. Also, on the last day of our trip, the valet actually lost our car key, and we had to have the rental company drive a new one to us. Kinda annoying, but didn't ruin the trip at all.Overall, the rooms are large, comfortable and clean, but this is not a 5-star place. Anyway, when you are going to Hawaii, you really shouldn't be spending much time in your room in the first place!!! Either way, I'd deal with the crappy parking for the great rates and ideal location.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Australia I like it!
<Content>Close to everything and opposite DENNY'S!       Ohana West Reception  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BuggedOut
<Content>Watch out for bedbugs here ! Especially room #167 which is where my mom and I stayed. It's down the hall from the bar and pool area. Didn't discover the bugs until the 6th night there after having been bitten the previous night I suspect. We even checked the mattresses the day we arrived which were clean, though didn't check my boxspring which is where I found them. Informed the front desk and they moved us to a room on the 12th flr. Wish I would have done an EXTREMELY thorough check the day we arrived and we could have had a better room to begin with which could have saved us from needless stress and anxiety. My advice: check not only the mattresses and box springs upon arrival, but also the headboards in your room if you can remove them. Ours seemed to be glued to the walls for some strange reason. Also check the curtains, dresser drawers, baseboards, behind picture frames, etc. Don't laugh, bedbugs can hide anywhere and even in places you wouldn't even normally think of, such as electrical outlets. Had it not been for the bugs, I probably would have given this hotel a far better rating. Even though we kept our suitcases zipped shut the entire time, I still worry some bugs (or their eggs) may have somehow hitched a ride home in (or on) our luggage. Time will tell I suppose whether my mom or I will end up with an infestation in our respective homes.There's tons of info. on the net about bed bugs especially with respect to travel, so you owe it to yourself and your family to educate yourself on the subject. Otherwise, you may end up with huge pest control bills trying to eradicate them once they''ve become well established in your home.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>miraclesmama
<Content>A nice place!       Hanauma Bay, Beautiful!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	1	

<Author>goueffic
<Content>Great value for your money! Was sceptical after reading many negative reviews about hotel. But hotel was great for price. Very central to everything. Rooms very clean  renovated with fluffy towels in bathroom. Roomkeeping stafff very friendly and rooms cleaned most days very early. Kitchenette units great for keeping food budget in line as Waikiki is very expensive for a family to eat out all the time. You do not pay for coffee that you don't use as others would make you believe. Elevators not that slow.... you're in HawaII .... Hang loose! Would stay again for sure.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jackmeoff
<Content>Stay Elsewhere We arrived at the hotel after 13 hours of flying and couldn't wait to settle in. I had read the prior reviews and was not sure what to expect so I contacted the hotel prior to my arrival and was told the entire hotel was refurbished in 2004. Well, they must have forgotten to refurbish our 2 rooms.We had a combo room which was 2 rooms, one with a kitchenette and the other with a king bed.First, it took forever to check in and even longer to get an elevator. When we got in the rooms they both smelled and these were non-smoking rooms. The paint was chipped badly and there were many places where chunks of wallboard were missing. The carpets were so matted that they could not have replaced in 2004.We stayed in the room for all of 1 minute and went to the Ohana on Waikiki Beach. We were only able to get one room but it cost only $50 more per night, was First Class and was right on the beach.Other people have mentioned going to Hawaii on a budget. Believe me, you can't go to Hawaii on a budget and if you want to go, spend a little more money for better accomdations.I will say they were great when we checked out within an hour of our arrival without any questions asked or money owed.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>tiabowry
<Content>Great for families on a budget My family and I recently stayed at this hotel. The rooms were clean, the housekeepers were very friendly. Location was good. We had a total of three rooms, one king-combo and one standard kitchenette. It was nice to have access to a kitchen with a little one. I even made spam and eggs a couple of times. Hated the slow elevators that required a key for everything. Pool was cold. I would stay here again if I'm traveling with a group. The hotel was within eveyone's budget.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kane_Shane
<Content>Great value for those on a budget. This was my second time at this hotel. A very standard hotel with simple facilities but in a very active location close enough to the beach. Best location for being close to nightlife, resaurants, shopping, just about everything. Sure, there are better hotels in better secluded locations but with only a modest budget, it is a much better deal than most places in Florida. After all where would you rather be?Room was not very exciting but clean. The room was upgraded for free and they only charged me for one day out of two weeks for the safe. The hotel room card key was needed for the elevator which did not work properly half the time so you missed your floor often. That is the only real fault. Oh well, like I said if your budget can barely take you to Hawaii, then this hotel will work fine. After all, you want to see Hawaii, not hotel room walls.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ncthan
<Content>Okay hotel if you're on a budget Stayed at the Ohana West 3 nights with 2 adults  3 children. I was looking for something that was reasonably priced  able to accomodated all 5 of us without being cramed into one room. We got what they call a Kitchenette combo, which is made up of 2 connecting rooms - 1 of them having a kitchen. It worked out great. My husband  I stayed in 1 room  our 3 kids stayed in the other room. We each had balconies  our own bathrooms. All this for $110 per room! Now, my 1st choice hotel would've been the Moana Surfrider, right on the beach, but that was $300 per night for 1 room with 2 double beds - could you imagine how would 5 people fit? Things I liked about the hotel: 1. Centrally located, within walking distance to EVERYTHING, my 15 year old even ventured out on his own several times. True, if you don't like noise, don't stay here because it is very busy all hours of the day. But once I was in my room, I didn't hear any noise. If you want quiet, there are hotels further down that don't have alot of action or stores around, such as the ResortQuest Banyan or Sunset, Hawaii Prince, Hilton - all those are away from the noise. 2. Well kept rooms, cleaned daily. 3. Friendly, courterous staff. 4. Kitchen was fullty stocked. Housekeeping washed out dirty dishes daily. Things that need improvement: 1. Elevators take forever. You have to use your card key to work it. I guess that good for the guests protections, but it's kind of difficult to work it.  2. No ocean view. All in all, I would recommend this hotel if you're on a budget. It's great because it's near everything The beach is a few blocks away and the stores and restaurants are all around you. The buses are also all close. We didn't even rent a car because we read that the parking was ridiculous in Honolulu. We took the bus and free shuttles everywhere. They take you just about anywhere you want to go.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Bristraveler
<Content>Great place for the dollars. After reading some of the reviews on this site I was slightly worried about my 8 night stay in this hotel. Honestly as added by other people reviewing this hotel, if you are expecting a brilliant hotel 5 star hotel do not stay here. (nor should you expect it)However if you are looking for a clean, well located hotel then this is your place. Before arrival I had requested a high level room with an ocean view, the initial room I had a few things wrong with it, an immediate room change to a kitchen room was arranged for no extra cost on the 16th floor with a great view of Waikiki Beach. We had a King size bed which was very comfortable and the room was cleaned daily to a high standard. Yes the rooms are a little dated and worn, however the hotel is VERY reasonable priced for what is available within Waikiki. As mentioned before Food Pantry over the road, close to Subway, Burger King, KFC, Dennys and an internet cafe across the street.The lifts, the one issue that seems to annoy people the most. Your on holiday, enjoy it!! Where is the rush?. Yes the lifts CAN take a bit of time and they get full. I never would have had to wait more than 3-4 mins at any time and the hotel was basically full when I was staying there. The lifts need key access, the system ALWAYS worked, the main reason why people rode up and down is they were putting the card in the wrong way, learn which way to put the card in and it works! Amazing! Waikiki is a noisy place, I think you would be hard pressed to find ANY hotel in the area that will not experience some level of noise into the evening, with the air conditioning on with the door closed the noise never worried me.I would definately stay in this hotel again, if your coming to Hawaii to sit in a hotel room for your stay this probably isn't your place, however if your like most visitors and end up sleeping in your room and not much else I definately recommend it  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Need To Read To all who are considering a visit to Hawaii and staying at the Ohana west.We travelled from Australia two adults with a 16 and 13 year old boy and girl.The room was made up of 2 double beds and not a lot of storage space.The bathroom was small and the shower area was extremely tight with hardly any light.If you can overcome this then the hotel is in a prime position.close to waikiki beach,supermarket and transport on the very good bus service.In total we were there for 12 days but was in the hotel room to sleep only and was cleaned daily what more do you need.We hired a car to travel around the island to visit surf beaches dole plantation outlet shopping which was terrific.All in all we had a great time there and have fond memories of our holiday.If you go you will have a good time.You will have no worries in finding an abc store.The international market is probable closed now as it had only 25 days left when we were there.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LadyElle
<Content>Got my money's worth.. Hotel is in a prime location, just in back of the International marketplace. Lots of things to do and dining places within walking distance.Lobby of the hotel is decent. A bit dated in decor but it did have several seating areas. Front Desk service was pleasant and check-in was extremely quick.The hotel has only 3 elevators which require you to use your card key to access. They were over crowded and we found ourself constantly having to hike up 8 flights because they were terribly slow and always packed.Rooms are spacious and clean. We had a kitchette with a sink, mini fridge, a 2 burner stove and cookware/dinnerware. Bathrooms were a bit odd. We were puzzled why we had a handicap shower (shower curtain with a handicap chair and a drain on the bottom) instead of a tub. Seems that there are only a few tubs avaialble and you need to reserve them in advance. The drainage wasn't that great on the shower and we ended up with water all over the floor on more than one occassion.Parking garage is very VERY tiny. Valet parking after the self park is full is the best option or you'll spend a good chunk of time trying to get your car in and out.I don't believe that they had room service since we couldn't find a menu for it. Hotel did have pay movies  games availabe. It was a decent place for the money.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here if you like noise Parking is $15 a day and the garage is badly overcrowded with cars parked everywhere. If you don't have good parking skills, don't attempt to park here.There are only three elevators and the decision to use key cards to get to upper floors is a big mistake. Passengers were riding up and down trying to get the key cards to work. This made for big backups to use the elevators.Kuhio St is busy all hours of the day and night so the hotel was very noisy.The units were well used but were kept clean and usable. The hotel staff was friendly and curteous.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jada007
<Content>Ohana West Hotel in Hawaii 4 of us stayed at this hotel. When we got there we were advised we had been upgraded, instead of 4 to one room we were given two rooms. This was fantastic as 4 to a room can be a bit much at times!!. We found the hotel rooms clean and tidy. Had a great bathroom with no problems and great views from the balcony. The restaurant they have down stairs (Chillis) is great too. We used the laundry with no problems either. The only downside was 8 months later we received a letter stating that there was a pay dispute and we owed them $1137 USD!!! turns out when we received an upgrade we were supposed to have been given 1 big nicer room not two rooms but all has been sorted out now. I would highy reccomend this hotel to all who visit Hawaii and its close to all the shops and the beach as well.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eddyy
<Content>Great hotel The Ohana Waikiki West is a great hotel, I can't imagine what the people who wrote the negative reviews expect from a hotel!The rooms are huge, clean, beds are comfortable and clean, the air con is excellent as are the bathroom facilities, all clean and hot water available at all times. The maids and activities staff and front desk staff are all very friendly, polite and very helpful at all times of day and night.The location of the hotel is great, less than 5 mins walk to wonderful Waikiki beach. On the same road as a number of eating places, including a great bakery across the road and Chili's downstairs of the hotel, huge portions and very nice food.We didn't use the swimming pool with the beach so close but the pool terrace gets the sun for the entire afternoon and despite being above a road it's not noisy.I would definitely stay here again, for the location, price and people that run it you couldn't ask for better.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ejoyed the Ohana Waikiki West We are from New Zealand and recently stayed here for 10 nights, and were very happy with our newly re-decorated room, and the position of the Hotel. The water was only warm in the room, but within fifteen minutes of advising reception a man arrived and fixed it.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No worries. Stayed 6/10 to 6/16. Stayed on 12 th floor. Paid for a standard one bed room and they upgraded me to a kitchenett with two beds without me even asking. Very clean room and halls. Great maid service. Don't know where some of the other post got all the negative stuff from. Front desk was always hepful. Never had to wait more than 2 or 3 minuets for the elevator. Activity desk was great. Great location and would definetly book again. I live in Phoenix so am a little leary of cheaper hotels but the Ohana West was just what the Dr. ordered. Definetly check out the grocery store across the street.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel My family and friends just returned from Hawaii(6/9-6/16) and had a great time. There were mixed reviews so we were not sure what to expect. The hotel was ideally located, very, very clean and the mountain balcony view from 12-16th floor is spectacular. We loved the chilis restaurant on the first floor and we were across the street from a denny's and a jack in the box. Great hotel and a great value for the money. We will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>supabrat
<Content>Great bargain For a bargain/3 star hotel this was great. Parking was very tight and elevators a little slow at busy times, but nothing awful. Our room was very clean and the staff was very polite. My whole group stayed here in 4 seperate rooms and no one had any complaints. A friend even slipped the front desk an extra $20 and got a penthouse room.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love it I stayed here last year for 1 week. Good price for a central location. No point staying near the beach, the beach was so crowded. The other beaches around the island are way better. I would recommend this hotel if you want somewhere central and affordable. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Julian33
<Content>TERRIBLE! This place was a nightmare. I went ahead and booked despite some warnings on this website. Our room was very dirty - gum on the carpet with other stains, as well as disgustingly filthy bedspreads. The bathroom was rusty and we had to hold down the toilet handle to force it to flush while it tried to push itself back up. Basicly, the only reason I'd go back would be if I was planning on partying hard and just needing a bed. We left early and stayed at a nicer place. Also we called the travel agent and recommended they change it to a half or one star rating. If you have kids - this is not the place. There were lots of partiers. I've stayed in hostels cleaner than this.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mahoneycutt
<Content>Worth the price - IMHO We stayed in this hotel on 05/14/06 and 05/15/06 and was concerned based on some of the reviews but took a chance due to price and location.First, the less than ideal: $15 a night parking fee, *very* tight parking spaces in the garage, no view (none promised).The hotel staff was very cooperative when I asked for a king-size bed and to have a room on an upper floor. The elevator was not slow for us and we used it five or six times. I found the room to be average (room 942) and was quiet. The location was ideal for access to Honolulu. There was plenty of food and shopping close by.This hotel is not the best one in town, but it is not priced like the best one either. I would stay here again. I'm not employed by the hotel.Mike Honeycutt  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location       Waikiki Beach  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't be put off the Ohana Waikiki West! On the whole, my experience of the Ohana West was a great one. I too was at the hotel on the Saturday night when there was trouble, more on that at the end of my review.When we initially arrived, we were given a HUGE room on the 11th floor, behind the lift shaft. We had flown 18 hours from London, and because we were so tired, we did not notice the sound of the lift(elevator) going up and down. When we awoke, we did notice it, and I went down to the lobby and asked to be moved. It was no problem, they gave us a corner room, same floor, windows two sides, with a balcony, and a kitchenette. We had paid a hundred dollars for a Saver room, but they had the availability, and moved us without any fuss to what had to be one of the nicest rooms in the hotel.The hotel itself covers a whole block on Kuhio Ave.. Threre is a Starbucks on the ground floor(excellent), and a Chllis too(Rubbish). Immediately opposite the hotel was a Denny's(great breakfasts). Three was a bus stop outside of the front of the hotel, great for getting a bus to anywhere on the island. Free shuttles to Hilo Hatties and Ala Moana Mall from there too.A Food Pantry supermarket was across the road, great for nibbles and drinks, and an ABC store the next block. If you don't know what an ABC is, I guarantee that you will find out when you come to Waikiki!The pool is far better than the one at the Ohana East across the road, it has the sun most of the day, at least until the late afternoon, whereas the pool at the Ohana East, directly across the road from the Ohana West, is in the middle of the block, so it receives the sun only a few hours of the day. It also has a large sundeck, the full width of the hotel, with a bar and pool table, and plenty of loungers. Everything about the hotel in my opinion was spotlessly clean.I would not pay the extra money to be in a beachside hotel. From the Ohana West, you just had to cross the road, walk though the International Market Place(crap souveniers), and you are outside the Outrigger hotel on the beach, just walk through the Outrigger's garden and you are on Waikiki Beach, in all its glory, a five minute walk. There is a Cheescake Factory that you pass on the way(fantastic!)On the final day of our holiday, our flight was not until 11 o'clock at night. The bellhop happily looked after our bags for the day, and suggested that we ask for a hospitality room when we come back, so as to freshen up. When we came back at 6 o'clock, the lobby staff were very accomodating, they allowed to have a room for half an hour, enough time to shower and cnange for our flight home, brilliant service!I stayed with my family at the same time as the reviewer who commented on the crime scene. For better or worse, Waikiki is a place where young people come as groups, and then drink too much! Sadly scenes like this do happen, wherever you go. I come from London, and it is something a Brit is used to. But what I saw would not put me off of going to Hawaii or the same hotel again. It was not an everyday situation at the hotel.I and my family would happily stay there again. I looked at these reviews before travelling to Hawaii because I wanted to get the most value for money, in an area that I did find to be expensive to stay in. I think you get that at the Ohana Waikiki West. It location is right in the middle of everything, and the price is right.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy This hotel must have the thinest walls. We were constantly woken up 2 or 3 times a night by people just walking by our room, sirens or the TV next door.It is looking very shabby. When we arrived the room was a little small so I asked if we could upgrade. The staff were very nice and told me we were in an upgraded room we thought about changing hotels but I had paid up front. The location was okay, quite busy at that end .We found the fridge toaster and microwave were handy and there was a grocery store right opposite so mostly we could have breakfast at the hotel.The elevators took forever and were often out of order. We were on the 14th floor so that was a bit of a nuisance if you were going up.If you stay there try and get a room on the higher floors these are apparently the upgrade rooms.I wouldn't stay here again it was too noisy and needs some TLC. I think to get a good hotel in Oahu you really have to pay the big bucks.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cher1969
<Content>Do not stay here with your family!!! This story may sound like something from a CSI episode but I assure you it's entirely true. My husband and I took our two boys, my sister , niece, my husbands sister and husband on a trip to Oahu. We had a rental house but the night we arrived we required a hotel, as the house wouldn't be available until the next day. I trusted a travel agent to book decent rooms for us, but we were in for a shock. We arrived at the hotel at 2:30 A.M to be greeted by about 20 drunks sitting on the steps of the hotel. Yelling rude comments and acting very intimidating. Not the feeling you want when arriving in a strange city with your kids. Our rooms were horrible! Carpets looked like they had every disgusting substance known to man on them. The walls were mouldy and needed repair. I understand some rooms have been renovated but why not all of them? These are minor things compared to the events of 5:00 A.M We heard screaming and yelling for awhile and about 6 cop car sirens 20 minutes after. Not quite sure what was going on and not even sure the police stopped at our hotel we finally got a few hours sleep. Decided to go across the street for breakfast and got down to the lobby to a crime scene. Police everywhere and what looked like a forensic scientist collecting evidence from the BLOOD soaked elevator. They had placed a sheet over the open elevator door but a corner was lifted. Our kids saw everything. I told the cop, our kids can see in could you please cover it? With a very arrogant reply, he told us it's being cleaned up! Nice!! The doors opened to the fourth floor which was also covered in blood. We're not sure if the person died or lived but I just couldn't believe how the hotel allowed the police to just let the bloody areas be exposed for all to see. This experience has reinforced my feelings of always renting a private condo or house. This was the worst hotel I've ever been booked into. We have travelled to Europe, Eastern Europe, Boston, L.A, Mexico, Dominican and have never seen a more run down digusting slum hole. Please, don't book your family into this hotel. I would have paid $1000.00 per night to have avoided what my family saw that night!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>paddyanne
<Content>Would stay here again We stayed at the Ohana West for two weeks Feb. 4 to Feb. 18.I have no idea what hotel some people are writing about. Yes, there have been good and bad reviews. It is said that if you want a 5 star or the Hilton, do not stay here, so don't expect it.BUT: Our check-in was extremely quick and pleasant.Our room was big and clean. Nice shower, bathroom, and king size bed with a view of the ocean. (Yes, seeing it between buildings, but the ocean is 2 blocks away) We had a nice little kitchenette which was perfect even just for breakfast. We bought our supplies at the food pantry right next door. Our room was made up before noon every day. We had a problem with the curtain once and it was fixed before we returned that day. We were on the 8th floor and the whole corridor was extremely fresh smelling, as was our room. We saw housekeeping spraying the rugs to keep them smelling pleasant.Our friends were in a room on the 6th floor and were very happy with everything about the hotel, as well.There are 3 elevators for over 600 rooms. What does one expect? (Some elevators here at home are slower)Don't take an elevator at a peak time when they are busy.The shop in the lobby has better prices on many items than elsewhere. Cheapest straw mats around!!We booked our Luau and Polynesian Cultural Centre tickets at the desk in the lobby and they were extremely efficient and thorough.WE had rented a Sebring and, yes, the parking can be tight. Especially if people in their large vehicles take up two spaces, or don't know how to park. But. we never had any problems.The hotel is in a great location and close to everything that we needed. We walked through the International marketplace to get to the beach. If the beach is too busy, just move down a bit. There are catamaran cruises all day long leaving from the beach area. We recommend the Kepoikai (blue and white sails). A wonderful 1 1/2 hour cruise, seeing whales, school of dolphins, and turtles. This was $15.00 and they serve mai-tais for 1.00 and beer for 2.00. Awesome!! Everyone has their own interests as to what to see and do. Many brochures and pamphlets available.But we would definitely stay at the Ohana West again and have already recommended it to friends.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Arielle70
<Content>I would give this hotel a pass We just arrived home having stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. Using Hotwire, I got this hotel for $82 a night which is a very good deal for the location. The hotel is not as nice as the pictures on the website. It is a little shabby and worn, the pool was closed for repairs and there are no laundry facilities. Our room was a decent size, freshly painted and with new carpeting. The bedding was old and the bathroom was shabby with a cracked and dark shower stall. The location is good but some of the other Ohana hotels appeared to be brighter and better maintained. Despite having received a very good price for this hotel, I would not stay there again. I would spend more money for a nicer place. I know many say they do not go on vacation to stay in the hotel, however, heavy rains in Honolulu for most of our stay as well as wanting to feel comfortable to be barefoot in the shower or to sit on the bedspread are worth spending more money. This is not a bad hotel but it is not an enjoyable one either. We were rarely able to get an elevator and always took the stairs. Checkin took close to 45 minutes and we often waited 15-20 minutes for the bellman to reappear at his desk. I would pass on this hotel and stay somewhere a little nicer.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>thrifty
<Content>Ohana West is the best Our first ever trip to Hawaii so the hotel location was very important. We were not disappointed - this is simply the best location (we checked all the others). Walk through the International Market Place and cross the road to the Sheraton Moana Surfrider and you are right on the main beach.The hotel has been renovated although some rooms are nicer than others, depending on price. We had two separate stays, before and after our NCL cruise. We were lucky to have ocean view on both occasions. The rooms were extremely clean and tidy. The free morning paper was nice. The reception staff were friendly and courteous. We used the pool and bar a couple of times - a little cold but otherwise fine.We don't recommend Chile's restaurant (our food was not good and the restaurant was indeed chilly). We tried various other restaurants: Perry's Smorgy Buffet was OK for breakfast, Duke's was nicer to sit. Sheraton Waikiki has a nice ocean-front bar with good food. Sheraton Moana Surfrider is great for an ocean-front evening drink - we liked the music there too.The Bus goes right past the hotel, so transport is easy. We used the Waikiki Express for the Airport and Taxi for the harbour. If you've never been to Honolulu before, we recommend this hotel as a good place to start.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible, awful, never again... I have just returned from Honolulu after spending 7 nights with a group of fellow travel agents at the Ohana Waikiki West.I have just read other recent guest reviews and surely we cant be talking about the same property?!??!?!I have stayed in all standards of accommodation across the USA and personally would not recommend this hotel to anyone, even on a tight budget.....to be honest I wouldnt put my dog in this hotel.The only thing going for this hotel is the location - that is unbeatable...the rest was extremely disappointing.The only thing recently refurbished about these rooms would be the bedspreads at best. Rooms are very tired, the bathrooms totally disgusting. We had an interconnecting kitchenette combo room - thank goodness at least one of the showers worked - the other one did not. Housekeeping could do with a lesson on cleanliness. Our bathroom still had reminants of the previous guests' hair in the sink and shower cubicle. The bedside table tops had not even been wiped down - we found a very suspect substance on top !!!! Both the rooms and hallways stunk of dampness and other awful odours. If you require assistance with luggage certainly dont rely on any service from the porter/bell desk - it is nonexistant !!Do yourself a favour and stay clear of this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would never recommend to clients Recently stayed at the hotel and would never stay or recommend this hotel to my clients.I am a travel consultant and was disgusted with the hotel. Everything about this hotel was shocking. The bathroom flooded after 1 person had a shower, I was travelling with 5 adults we had interconnecting rooms, this was lucky as the other shower did not work.Do not wait for assistance with luggage as this is non existent although they do have a porterage desk.The pool area is a health hazard with large pieces of plastic lifting of the ground.Allow 5-10 minutes everytime you need a lift.They clearly advertise room service from the restaurant in the lobby, however when we called up to make an order we were told that room service had not been operating for 12months.Great location and that is the only thing this hotel has going for it.Never ever stay again.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definatley not the Hilton Reading the comments I realised I was not the only one thinking all those things. Hearing the guest next door especially there baby who cried during the night and mum and dad shouting at each other, then having to listening to making up!!!!!! We also were able to smell the breakfast they were cooking. View of the trash bins from the bird poo balcony. Not very clean, coffee dribbles down the furniture that hadn't been wiped, although I must say the staff were very nice. Didn't eat in Chillis it was always busy. Only once did we go to the pool bar in the evening, we are still waiting to be served, the ONLY barmaid spent at least 10 mins talking to a friend while we stood waiting for her to serve us, we ended up walking away and she still continued chatting to her mate. The lifts - ah yes they ARE very slow totally inadequate for that size of hotel. We did book trips at the Outrigger desk, visting Pearl Harbour and the Punchbowl. However the trip on the Star of Honolulu was very average as far as the food was concerned, not very good value for money.Honolulu itself did not live up to our expectations of a relaxing palm beach holiday. We couldn't find a spare area of sand to lie on it was packed and a bit too cosy for my liking. \Honolulu sound idylic but unfortuantely it is not. No we won't be back. Although I have to say the people were very nice and friendly and the food at La Cucaracha was excellent.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ornurse8
<Content>Nice hotel My daughter and I just returned from HI where we both had rooms at the Ohana West. Although the rooms are small, they are very nice. They appeared to have been refurbished in the not so distant past. We each had a kitchenette which made the stay very convenient as we were able to keep food in our rooms. The staff was friendly and the rooms were kept very clean. I would certainly stay there again as the location is top notch. A short walk to the beach, International Market Place, and upscale shopping. Of course, the bus system on the island is so handy that one can get to everywhere with not much effort.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! I too was apprehensive about staying here because of the less than positive reviews I had read, but this was the only reasonably priced place I could find. It was a hotel-car deal that turned out to be a bargain. This was the weekend of the Great Aloha race, and people were scrambling to rent cars for the Presidents' Day weekend. Because I had pre-paid the package, I was able to breeze thru the lines and pick up my car (even though I had to wait 1/2 hr for it). Upon arrival at the hotel, the clerk said that they had upgraded me to a city view kitchenette with 2 doubles. The hotel has recently been refurbished, and our room was very clean and looked very serene with the low-key tropical decor. Definite plus was having the Food Pantry next door, since there were times when we didn't want to go out and we picked up bento box (Japanese-style) meals and fresh fruit to consume in our room. Minus: bathroom is small and only showers are available; walls are thin so pray you don't have noisy neighbors. Kitchenette is equipped with a fridge, microwave, stovetop, small pots and pans, cups and saucers and flatware. Because the elevators can be slow, ask for a room on the lower floors (we were on five -- and had to walk down 4 times during our stay). If views aren't really critical to your stay, go for it! Another minus is there's no internet access. There's a internet cafe across the street on Kuhio, but it doesn't open until 9 or 10 am and closes early. We drove over to the Ala Moana Hotel to use their 24-hour pay-as-you-go computers located in the lobby to check in for our return flight. Otherwise you will have to hunt for a business center. Hotel staff is friendly and helpful. Big beware - parking is very limited and spaces are ridiculously narrow. If you stay here, please don't rent a large van or SUV -- you'll never get it out of the space! We had to double park our compact twice because all the spaces were taken by non-guests who were dining at Chili's.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sharpette
<Content>Great Hotel - Would stay again ! Stayed for 6 nights with my husband and 5 yr old daughter in Jan 2006. Kitchenette rooms were spacious and clean. Be aware that when it says that children stay free using existing bedding that this doesnt necessarily mean a seperate bed as we found out when we had to share our king size bed with our 5 yr old !! Kitchenette in room was very handy and if you forgot to wash up housekeeping obliged ! Having to pay to use the in-room safe was not impressive ...should be free as it keeps tourists feeling safe and secure in the hotel. Pool was very cold but it was nice to sit out on the pool deck and enjoy a cocktail. Lifts were slow and full( we were on the 7th floor so often took the stairs). Hotel has a Starbucks, pharmacy and Chilis restaurant directly underneath it and a supermarket across the road so it is in a great location. Short walk to beach and all buses stop in front of the hotel so it is very accessible. Don't hesitate to stay in this hotel.. we really enjoyed it.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great! We were at this hotel for one week in January 2006 and I was pleasantly surprised. I booked via the internet and the pictures and information posted on the site are exactly what is there.The location is great with easy access to bus; groceries; laundry, etc. and having a Chili's restaurant is a plus!We will use this hotel on our next vist.Hispeed internet would have been nice.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An OK Place to Stay - Really it is absolutely OK Just got back - the Ohana Waikiki West was an OK place to stay. It was very much what I expected - given the many reviews I had read on Tripadvisor. It is an older hotel, kept reasonably clean. It is in a good location and the staff were responsive and friendly. Pros - location, price, staff. Cons - parking was difficult.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay! Being my first time to Hawaii, i was soo unsure of where to stay, but having chosen waikiki west to stay at was one of the best choices i made. Although its not a 5 star hotel, the service and ammenities were great. Its especially a good place for those who just want somewhere to sleep and not going to spending there days just at the hotel. I found the rooms to be very clean too. Its definitely a fantastic place to stay. its so centrally located, staff are friendly, everything that you need is within walking distance, easy access to the buses, nightclubs, restaurants... Would definitely recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I think the reviews are different because... I've read the other reviews, and I've come to the conclusion that your satisfaction may depend on what room you get. We stayed for a week at the end of November on the 14th floor and could not have been happier with the hotel at such a reasonable price. Our room was very clean, the shower was big, the water pressure strong with plenty of hot water. Our kitchenette had a microwave, sink, stove, fridge, toaster, dish towels, silverware and plates, bowls, glasses and cups. The Ohana Waikiki West is about 1 1/2 blocks from the beach, very near the International Market Place, shops, a million places to eat, a grocery store, and adjacent to all public transportation. We loaded up at the grocery store and saved a lot of money by eating meals in our room. If you want to be waited on hand and foot and feel pampered in luxury, this isn't the place for you. However, if you want a nice place that's close to everything you came to see, it's perfect. I'll be back again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spend a little more for a better hotel My husband and I just returned from Honolulu, HI where we stayed at the Ohana Waikiki West from 11/16/05 through 11/23/05. This hotel is a very low budget and noisy hotel. When I say noisy, I mean you can hear your neighbors flush their toilets, their conversations in the next room, the closet sliding doors opening and closing and the hotel room doors slamming. Don't plan on sleeping past 6:00AM in this hotel. We checked in at 11:30pm and were given a room on the 7th floor facing Kuhio Ave. Only got 3 hours sleep because of the noisy traffic on the street. There isn't even a bathroom fan to turn on to mask the noise from the street or surrounding rooms. We asked to be moved to a different room and the next day were moved to room 1147 with a King Size bed, The room is facing the back of other buildings. At least it was quiet as far as noise from the street but still paper thin walls. I wore my ear plugs to sleep every night which helped. The beds are hard, pillows very small and thin. The previous reviews are right about the small shower stalls. You have to lean against the shower wall to get the water to come into contact with any part of your body. Don't plan on coming back to a clean room until after 3:30pm. The house cleaning service isn't in a hurry to clean your room. We did have a small Lanai to escape the small room. Plan on buying your own coffee from the Food Pantry next door to the hotel as the hotel charges you $2.50 for every packet you use. The parking fee for your rental car is $15 a day now. The hotel is very well situated close to all the buses and, as previously mentioned, next door is the Food Pantry where you can stock up on munchies and coffee for your room. There are only 3 elevators to service all 18 floors so you do have to wait for the elevators but one does eventually come. The pool is freezing cold so we only were in for a few minutes.Sites and information we think you might find useful in visiting the island of Oahu:We found that the bus system in Oahu is great and will take you anywhere you want to go for $2 one way. You can buy a 4 day unlimited pass for $20 at any ABC Store (ABC stores are on every corner in Waikiki.) We rode the bus to Hanauma Bay and spent a beautiful Wednesday morning there. It was the day before Thanksgiving but it still wasn't that crowded. It is a beautiful bay with amazing snorkeling. My husband snorkeled out about 20 feet and saw some amazing fish but I stood in the water and could see just as many fish without having to put my face in the water. Amazing!!! The water was so clear that day. The water is very smooth and you can just float on your back and let the waves lull you up and down. Very relaxing. We did the Circle Island tour and the Arizona Memorial tour through Roberts Hawaiian tour company. The Circle Island tour is an all day excursion and takes you to the Dole Pineapple Plantation and a Macadamian Nut and Coffee farm. The Dole Plantation in an over priced tourist trap. Plan on spending big bucks to go through the maze, ride the train, and take the tour. There is a small buffet restaurant that is run by a handicap and special needs rehabilitation organization which is very inexpensive and had surprisingly good food located on the same property. They also have nice inexpensive T-shirts and other Hawaiian trinkets there that are reasonably priced at the rehab village. The tour only spent a few minutes at the North Shore beaches and didn't stop at Waimea Falls. It seemed more geared to the tourist traps than the beautiful natural spots of the island.Don't waste your money on the Roberts tour to Pearl Harbor. We took the tour, got up at crack of dawn to be at the bus pick-up at 7:30, then waited with all the other 100 passengers on the bus for another 45 min. for a mom and her teenage daughter that were running late to join their family. Nothing like holding up the whole bus tour for 2 people. We were told that the Pearl Harbor tour line gets very crowded and can take up to 2 hours to get into the memorial but we walked right up at 9:00am and only waited 15 minutes for our tour to begin. You don't get to tour the Bowfin or Battleship Missouri if you take the Roberts tour as they leave right after you are finished with the Arizona Memorial, even though they are located right next door. They are not affilliated with the Arizona Memorial and there is an entry fee to tour them. The Arizona is a National Monument and free. The Arizona was a very humbling experience. Makes you appreciate what freedom we have and the soldiers that gave their lives and still give their lives to keep us free.We took the Bus back to the Bowfin and Battleship Missouri the next morning and spent 1/2 day touring them. They are awesome to see and not to be missed. On the way back to our hotel we stopped at the Army Museum and took a free tour of this facility which has a surprising amount of historical artifacts. My husband enjoyed seeing all the old weapons on display and the area designated to the Vietnam Era as he is a Vietnam Veteran.Be sure and go on the Star of Honolulu dinner cruise. We did the Steak and Lobster dinner. It was $140 for the two of us. The food was okay but the main attaction was the beautiful view of Honolulu from the decks of the ship. You can roam the 3 decks after the ship sets sail off the coast of Honolulu. I would recommend you eat your dinner and watch the great Hawaiian dancers, but, when the sun goes down, go up to the top deck to see the stars and the beautiful lights of the city. We stayed up on the top deck the rest of the evening. You miss the end of the show going on in the dining area but the view from the top deck is much more romantic. Another good place for dinner is the restaurant that revolves with a 360 degree view. I think it's called the Top of Waikiki. The sunset dinner special is excellent at $14.95 each and the view of the sun setting over the ocean was beautiful.Be sure and stop at the Shore Bird restaurant at the Outrigger Waikiki for a Mai Tai at their bar that overlooks Waikiki beach. Expensive Mai Tai's ($9 each) but the view is excellent to watch the sunset there as well.We rented a car the last day and went back to Sunset Beach on the North Shore. Massive waves of 20 feet high and crazy surfers riding them. We spent some time surf watching and then drove the coast. Waimea Falls was closed due to the fact that it was Thanksgiving Day. We did have a great Thanksgiving feast of fried coconut shrimp and cold boiled shrimp from one of the Shrimp trucks along the Winward coast. Our favorite island is the Big Island. We won't be back to Oahu but it is an island to spend a few days there to see the sights. All in all, we had good time on the island of Oahu after we got used to the crowds.-Aloha  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sgh1
<Content>Nice place to stay Enjoyed a ten night stay here in early .November. We were not sure what to expect after reading good to bad reports about this hotel. On the whole we were very happy with this accommodation. With respect to Ohana, you must keep in mind if you want Hilton service then stay at The Hilton.Bad stuff first which there isn鈥檛 a great deal of to be honest.Elevators they can be slow which means a wait sometimes and because of this at the wrong time they can be crowded. This was the worst thing we found so as long as you don鈥檛 let that get to you you should be fine. We had a queen size bed room on the tenth floor which was spacious and clean, the maids were friendly and took care of the room well. There was a small refrigerator in the room and coffee making facilities in our room although self catering rooms are available. The bathroom was small but clean and tidy. TV was a fair size and there are three in house channels telling you all about the island and suggestions on where to go and what to see.You can book most trips from the desk in the lobby. Staff are ok and do answer your questions but some are friendlier then others which is the same most places.You can get Hot Dogs etc at the pool area which is small but nice enough.You can get a nice breakfast lunch and dinner from Perry Smorgy鈥檚 Buffet which is a 3 minute walk when you turn left out of the hotel. Even if you don鈥檛 eat a lot it is sometimes cheaper then getting a small meal. There are plenty of other places to eat too. Location is good Waikiki Beach is a short walk away but we preferred getting the bus to Ala Moana Beach as this is less crowded. Buses are very good and cheaper the the trolleys. We would stay here again if we went back to Hawaii.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelerz
<Content>Great hotel for price  There were 6 adults and 1 15-year old in 2 units with a connecting door. 1 room had a kitchenette (2 electric ranges, a small fridge and a sink with plates, flatware  glasses for 4) and 2 double beds. The other room had 1 king size bed with a smaller fridge and plenty of room for a queen size air matress. Both rooms had a shower only and balconies (city view, nothing special). Did not have problems with noise between walls (even the connecting room) or above us or from the street. Smells from other rooms with kitchenettes were nonexistent, except for in the hallway when walking right by a room whose door was open. Housekeeping people are nice and clean every morning/afternoon, but really take their time in cleaning a room. Hotel does not provide beach towels and if you get pool towel, you pretty much have to sign your life away if something happens to the towel. Pool is decent size for being on the 3rd-4th floor and has a good amount of tanning chairs. As for the elevators and since we were on the 12th floor, we did not have trouble getting 1 of the 3 elevators on the way down, but as we went down, the elevator filled with people so by the 7th or 8th floor, it was full. On the way up was not a bad wait at all (1-3mins). Parking here is definitely a problem as their lot fills quickly and is $13/day. If you want to take The Bus, the stop is right there.Since the hotel is on Kuhio Avenue, there is plenty to do during the day and night. Restaurants, bars, and shops line Kuhio and is just a block down from the other main street. The hotel is across the street from the rear of International Market Place. For the price we paid ($104/night) and location wise, what more could you ask for? A short 6 minute walk cutting thru the Sheraton Moana Surfrider's lobby and your feet are on the sand.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SanAntonioCard
<Content>Avoid if it all possible !!! I cant believe some of the reviews this hotel is getting. Excellent ? NOT ! This hotel was far from excellent. First off, its not very clean. Especially the bathrooms. If you stay here, pray you dont get the view of the other hotels looking over a parking lot. Every morning while sipping my coffee, I watched the hotel maids take out the trash. I spend a lot of my time on the balcony when I stay at a hotel. The view we had was terrible. Other issues were the shower. Its hard to take a shower when the shower head will only aim and spray at the wall. We had to lean on the wall to get wet. You can not adjust the shower head. The wife had a miserable time trying to shave her legs. The refrigerator in the room was broken. We came home late one night and the room had not been serviced yet. The ice machine in the hall never had much ice. Just enough to get a small coke cold. But because the ice maker was on overtime, the ice was quick to water down your drink. The staff was freindly enough. No complaints. The beds were ok and they give you plenty of pillows. Sleeping was not a problem. Hawaii is a pretty place. I suggest a rental car. You need to get away from Waikiki to see the beauty of Hawaii. I do suggest a trip to Kailua Beach. We went here twice. It was our favorite beach. Nice place to swim and perfect sand. This beach has nice smooth flowing waves. Enough wave action to have fun but not dangerous. Not many people here. We also like Sandy Beach (water is rough and strong waves). The north shore is always a great place to visit. Nice beaches but not for swimmers. This is where the big waves come in. If you are going snorkeling, we went on Captains Bobs. They will pick you up and bring you back. Nice boats, great staff, and good food. We had a blast with Captains Bobs.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, efficient, This is a charmingly updated 30's hotel, very clean. Much of the sense of the era in which it was build is retained which adds greatly to its appeal. My upgraded room on the 2nd floor was compact and very comfy, with a little sitting room, kitchenette  balcony, good air conditioning, very clean bathroom and bed linens --I am noise sensitive and did NOT find it excessively noisy as other reviewers note. I would definitely return. My stay here was delightful.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were just another guest We stayed at this hotel, arrived a day late because of fog at Auckland Airport missed flight - had to fly to Australia to get another flight, hence never made it for first night accommodation. Rang from airport to confirm that we were not able to get to hotel. When we did book in the fact that I could show them that my cell phone had rang the number wasn't good enough we were still charged for the extra night. Room was clean but not beening a smoker it had major smoke odours. We are planning to go back to our daughters wedding in Feb next year - this is one hotel I would not recommend and will not stay.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>heads_up
<Content>Good for price This is a good family hotel for the price. Don't get your expectations too high, but for the room rate it's a good value, clean and relatively up-to-date furnishings.From the Property it鈥檚 a moderate 12 minute walk to Waikiki beach by cutting through the rear entrance of the International Market Place across the street from the Hotel. A drug store and general store are next to the Hotel which is convenient if you want to purchase some light snacks for your room to save on eating out. There's also a Chilli鈥檚 restaurant in the Hotel which has great food (but a bit pricy if you have a family). The outdoor pool deck at the hotel is nice with a bar and big screen TV. In the Hotel lobby there's a concierge desk, plus a travel kiosk where you can book activities such as tours, etc - the staff seem very knowledgeable about various attractions.The only caution is that the washrooms tend to be small with no tubs and a tiny shower. Plus, there's no hot tub or gym at the property and there are no good views of the ocean and Diamond Head. If you don鈥檛 plan on hanging out in your room much, this is a good Hotel for the price.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Comoxbox
<Content>Our Second Stay Was Just as Good as Our First The WW seemed busier this year. We got there only around noon this time so we had to wait for our room. When we came back around 3:30 we had a room on the 12th floor facing the city. This room was smaller than last years, but still had a kitchenette. The shower stall was also smaller, but we didn't see it as a problem. Unfortunately, after I had done all my unpacking my husband realized that the air conditioning was not working properly. The front desk promptly sent up someone from maintenance who agreed and said something about the coils being clogged. After that, management moved us down one floor to 1159.The new room was much larger. Bigger than last years. We also had a tub, which surprised me because I thought all the rooms only had showers. This room also had a kitchenette. The air conditioning worked great.As usual the front staff was great. They are always friendly and we never had to wait long. We used the tour desk, bell services and the bus info person and each of them helped us immensely. The housekeeping staff was great too. Except for a couple of days, we were out until at least 3:00 pm and every time the room was done. They even traded in the towels that we left on the rack (there is a policy that to conserve water they will only take towels on the floor, but they took them all when we were there). One time, we came back early and the room wasn't done yet. We didn't see it necessary for the housekeeper to do anything, but we needed another towel and more shampoo. She couldn't believe that was all we wanted and gave us a whole handful of shampoo!As usual, the elevators were slow. However, we didn't find it a problem walking DOWN the stairs, even on the 11th floor (we always waited for the elevator when it came to going up!). There were times though that we pressed the button and it opened up right away and no one else was on it. Guess the elevators must work on Hawaii time!As before, the location of this hotel is great. It is not on the beach (nor do you pay on the beach prices), but it is only a few minutes walk. We even walked to San Souci beach to do some snorkelling and that only took about 25 minutes each way. There are tons of restaurants in the area and yes, the International Market Place that is right across the street is still up and running with all the shops that we remembered still there.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Marcel_Amsterdam
<Content>Good quality for it's price We stayed here for a week and it was good, especially for its price. OK, it is not the Hilton, but (kitchenette) rooms are just large enough, clean and with good beds. We had a room at the backside, quiet and in the shade. The Ohana hotels with beach access and beach-front dining restaurants are much more luxurious, but hey, you pay much more for those. The Ohana West is right in the center of Waikiki, a few minutes from the sea, and all busses and trolleys stop in front of the hotel. Pool is ok, with a huge sun terrace and a bar with happy hours in the late afternoon! A giant supermarket with ATM and a Starbucks are within a few yards from the main entrance. Only drawbacks are potential cooking smells from the kitchenettes and the fact that only 3 elevators serve 600 rooms; one morning it really took 10 minutes to get from the 11th floor to the lobby. Despite those small inconveniences, I would return to this hotel if I would stay in Waikiki again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SheriLynn24
<Content>What the Ohana was this?! We were appointed this hotel as part of a cruise package so the good news is that we only had the room for two nights precruise but the bad news was that two hours was enough to make my skin crawl in this hotel! I'll admit that I was already disappointed with my arrival in Honolulu...looked like downtown Detroit with Palmtrees. The drive to our hotel, well, the scenary didn't improve all that much. I felt like we were in a bad neighborhood. Everything was old and run down, not really what you'd expect if you've heard about how expensive and nice Hawaii is. Anyway.....we pull into the parking structure with our rental car and realize that there are all of twenty spots available for this 600 and something room hotel?! After finding out that parking was $13 a day, I wasn't thrilled to know that we weren't even guaranteed a parking spot in the structure. Oh, they'll accomodate you by valeting it somewhere else but if they do, plan on it taking them a while to get your car out. They park a zillion cars behind each car...hard for them to get them in and out. Furthermore, if you were lucky enough to find a parking spot, hope like heck that you have insuarance on your rental car or you're likely to wish you had when you see how easy it is to hit a car or wall in this unbelievably cramped lot. There's no rhyme or reason to how they set it up. There's not even a way to get out!Ok, now to the Hotel. Walking in, my impression was ok as I knew this wasn't a five star resort. There was a Chili's restaurant inside although we never ate there. We were waited on quickly and sent up to the 2nd floor to go to our room. The elevators are a pain in the butt...you have to wait forever to catch one and then once you do, you have to stick your elevator card in a slot to get it to go upstairs...no biggie if you can get it to work the first time.The pool area looked decent although very noisey, busy and crowded. It didn't have a tropical feel to it though as it's more located in a downtown, not beachy area. I open the room door....and ......IT SMELLED! Ok, listen, I'm a smoker so I can handle that kind of smell but this was more like a strong musty odor. The bed reeked...the carpet....the curtains...it was just terribly smelly! I walk in further and we had some scarey view out the window of an ally, a parking structure and 3 other high rises that were all kind of looking right at us. No biggie on that because I was more upset over the smell still.I walked over to the bathroom.....and let me just reiterate that above anything, cleanliness is SO important to me. Old kinda bothers me but old and clean is just fine. This was not even in the same ballpark as clean! We had dried urine on our toilet seat, pubic hairs on the tile, in the sink and in the shower and long black hairs in our clean towels. This absolutely MORTIFIED me as I literally get sick over dirty bathrooms. It was also very very small. Yes, old too. Old as in the fixtures and the sink and shower were very old. Old as in somebody come calk me! Old as in black calking that looked filthy. And back to small...I couldn't even bend over in the shower to shave my legs....that's how small the shower was. I read on trip advisor prior to going that they had great water pressure...um....maybe if you have like two hairs on your head to rinse off but if you've got more than that...plan on being in there for quite some time!Between the smell, the dirt and filth and the oldness of the hotel, I was SO eager to get out of there! There wasn't even a fan in the bathroom...My take: I find this hotel LESS than average and it definitely doesn't hit the mark if you're looking for clean and reasonable. Email me with questions sherilynn24@aol.com  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>AndyRuss55
<Content>No problems at all Two males travelling from Sydney to Las Vegas, via Hawaii. Our airline choice resulted in a two day/ one night stopover in hawaii and we booked into the Ohana WW, via BookIt.Hotel is clean and presentable. Check-in was fairly inflexible, we had to wait until around 3pm, but hey that's what they tell you first up. Our room was at the rear of the hotel, overlooking the car park. As the room faced away from the street it was pretty quiet and in the shade. The room was clean, the two beds roomy and the bathroom spotless. No complaints whatsoever. The location of the hotel probably couldn't be beaten in terms of centrality for Waikiki and its shopping, beaches and food  drink options.The pool was great, especially after the long flight and the bar staff at the poolside bar we're extremely helpful and friendly. Check out was speedy and the bell hops were great in helping arrange cheap transport to the airport for our connecting flight. Which made a change from the $40 cab ride to the hotel.All in all, we were very happy with the hotel considering its pricing. I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shazzas
<Content>You get what you pay for For the location and price, this hotel was great. A very noisy hotel (you could hear people talking on the phone in the room beside us at midnight/Security Guards walking up and down the corridors at all times during the night with loud RT's). The elevators take forever.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>carolincolorado
<Content>Give it a chance This was the second time we stayed at this hotel. Upon arrival this time, we were put into a kitchenette (an upgrade), but it was dark and depressing. We went to the front desk and were told nothing was available, but to check back the next morning. We did check back, and they worked very hard and got us a great room (city view on the 11th floor) for a little extra charge each night. It was worth every penny we spent for the upgrade. The maid service was excellent and she was as honest and friendly as could be. It seemed that she would be sure and get in there to clean the minute we stepped out. The hotel is conveniently located so that you can walk or take a bus to just about anywhere you want to go. I only wish we would have walked towards town a little sooner, because there were lots of other places to eat and see that direction (both on the main streets and the beach). As everyone has stated, the elevators are slow, but be patient. The stairs are always an option. All in all, if you want a great value and a clean place to stay, this is it. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cousin310
<Content>Going back for a 3rd We stayed at waikiki west in March of 03 and again in Oct 04 and have booked again for jan 26, 06 the hotel is centrally located clean friendly staff maids do good and nice to have a kitchette. grocery store across the street Chilis and starbuck in hotel along with 1 hr photo and pharmacy. People have complained about he noise of the renovation but tell me how are they suppose to make it nicer and prettier if they dont do the renovation and if you know how to mak eit quiet you will be a millionaire People complain but every day they take detours or put up with the neighbors dog barking. Noise didnt bother us cause we were gone all day seeing the sights that we went there for . See you in Jan 06  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vsop
<Content>Location        waikiki west  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MFCDBC
<Content>Great location We stayed at this hotel for five nights in April. When we arrived at the hotel and saw our room with a view of the parking lot and surrounding buildings, we were quite disappointed. However, after realizing that we were only there to sleep and probably wouldn't even be opening the drapes, we decided that this was O.K. The room is large and clean with a king sized bed, large closet, and a fridge. There is only a stand-up shower, no tub, and it took a bit of work to shower properly. I had read previous reviews which indicated that the hotel was noisy. Well, we must have lucked-out as we had a very quiet room on the seventh floor and heard very little noise. The staff was friendly and were willing to help with directions or information whenever needed. The activities desk staff were very helpful and friendly as well. The hotel is centrally located and is within walking distance of most things such as a grocery store, restaurants, a pharmacy, the International Market Place, and just minutes from the beach. The public transit buses stop in front of the hotel or just across the street and will take you just about anywhere for a couple of dollars. We are budget concious people and don't mind walking a few minutes to save money on a hotel room that we are only in for a few hours of sleep time. I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again. By the way, I am bug phobic and we did not see a single one here.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great price, but noisy We just spent the past week in this hotel. This hotel has very good location and is accessible to most of things. We booked a regular room w/o view nor kitchenette since we were out running around anyway, so it worked out great for us. We rent a car, and the current running price is $13 per day for parking, but do note that the parking space is very compact.Pros:- Great location- Great Price- A/C is excellent- Best water pump :-) We were at 10th floor, and the water came out so strong from the shower head I was astonished.- Free beach/pool towel checkoutCons:- Noisy: you could literally hear the folks talking in the room next to yours.- Kitchenette: When others cook, the whole section smells.- RoomService: They don't change the bed (but do make)Others (Neutral):- Pool: We observed the pool area was busy, but why do I need pool when we have so many beaches?- Elevator: Surely slow but it will come ... ok so far- Cleanliness: Average at best- Room size: Kind small but adeqaute  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value, Great Location, Great Pool Deck and Bar! Stayed at the Ohana West from March 16 - 30, 2005. (Rm. 660) I was a little leery due to some of the negatives on this site, but I would definately stay there again! I would recommend paying the small extra for a kitchenette room, as some friends that we were traveling with just had a standard room and it was a little small. Housekeeping service was great, hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, and we really enjoyed the pool deck and bar area! You couldn't ask for a better location in Waikiki, right across the street from the International Market Place and just a few minute walk to the beach. The only negative that I could come up with about this hotel is the elevator service - sometime had to wait a little long for an elevator. But, if you're going to let a little thing like that ruin your vacation, stay home! Overall a great place to stay.P.S.There is a Chili's Restaurant attached to this Hotel - do NOT waste your money eating there. We gave them the benefit of the doubt and tried it twice, both times terrible service and food!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reasonable Price and Great Location I have to chuckle a bit at some of the negative reviews here. If you are expecting the Hilton, stay at the Hilton. The comment below about lack of sleep due to High School students is true - we were there at the same time and they were very annoying. We were trying to read while sitting at the pool and kept getting splashed - including our library books we brought along. But c'mon this was a rare one-week thing going on - there was a HUGE coral and band thing going on in Honolulu in March and there were hundreds of high school students there that week. I suspect all hotels were affected, not just this one.So here are the true hard facts. This is a budget priced hotel that is family oriented. The location is the biggest plus. You can walk to all the highlights from the hotel (international marketplace is across the street, 2 blocks to Waikiki beach etc). There is a bus stop right out front and 2 desks inside the hotel that can help you with other tours and attractions if you wish. The staff were very helpful and friendly.This hotel was recently renovated and is clean. Air conditioning works GREAT. There is a Chili's restaurant in the hotel and the world famous Perry Smorg is just two doors down the street. Like I said though, this is not a 5 star hotel. If you expect the best or at least a little extra, this is probably not the hotel for you. You will not be pampered here. But if you are the average person that just wants a clean room and bed at a reasonable rate, this hotel is #1 on my list. We paid $109 for city view kitchenette.The pool is unheated and no hottub but its a nice pool area. At night they show sports on portable movie screens in the pool/bar area and there are also big screen TV's.There is parking below the hotel if you have a car. I think it was $13 per day.What are the negatives? The rooms on city side are a bit small and have only a shower - no bath tub. Others have complained about the elevators and its all true. No joke, those things are SLOW! Expect it to take a few minutes to get to your room during peak times. In non peak times we found it to be no big deal at all.TIP: Ask for canal side rooms and forget the ocean or city view. The rooms on the canal side are bigger and quieter. The view, however, is poor if that's important to you.I have stayed in this hotel twice now and would definately do so again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MAOFW
<Content>great budget hotel Stayed in the kitchenette with family of 6. Good value and were able to spend our vacation money on SCUBA and other expensive, fun things. The hotel is across the street from the Food Pantry and we were able to eat in breakfast and a few lunches and snacks. The street is where the action is for teens wanting to go out on an evening stroll. The beach is very close with Surfboard rentals and bathrooms/snack bar. We used the Outrigger hotel as well. Lots of other teen groups in the hotel, but they were gone most of the day.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YourConcierge
<Content>Only stay at this hotel if you don't care about sleep I would not recommend staying at this hotel if you are over 30. It is mostly for younger people who want to party, especially during the month of March. There were a lot of high school students with a limited number of chaperones staying on our floor. The hotel staff was kept busy with numerous complaints. There is also a bar that is connected to the hotel that is loud. There were numerous police visits to the hotel. The management and staff were very polite and professional but it did not make up for all of the stress of a week with no sleep. I would recommend staying at the Aston Coconut Plaza Hotel. It is the same price with out the noise. I stayed there last March and had no problems with getting rest and it had a nice continental breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean it is not! My husband and I stayed at the Ohana Waikiki West over the Christmas holidays 2004-2005. We chose the hotel because of the many good reviews on TripAdvisor, particularly comments about the cleanliness of the hotel. To say we were disappointed is simply an understatement. The first thing we did upon arrival was go to the store to buy cleaning supplies to clean the kitchenette and bathroom. The toilet was especially disgusting. I don't think the toilet bowl had been cleaned in many weeks. The daily maid's idea of cleaning the room was making (not changing) the bed, and barely wiping down the counters. On our 6th day there (of our 12 day stay) construction began on the exterior of the building. From 9 a.m. until 5 p.m. we were forced to tolerate extremely loud drilling and vibrating noise as the concrete on the outside of the building was drilled away. This was not my idea of a relaxing vacation! The pool area was also under construction, parts of which were unavailable much of the time. As well, we didn't find the staff to be very friendly or helpful. The bellman's idea of calling us a cab was to stand on the street and wait for one to come along. We could do that ourselves. We did appreciate the honeymooners upgrade we received to an ocean-view room. The only reason we stayed was because of the economical rate, however it is true what they say, you get what you pay for. Needless to say, upon checking out on our final day, the staff did not even ask us how our stay was. I would never return to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SUN&FUN2005
<Content>loved it i just returned from a two week stay at the west, and before leaving home i read some of the reviews from past guest and i sure i'm glad that i did not feed into all of the complaints, yes the rooms are small but clean and when i needed more towels i was promptly given more not just for my room but for the other 3 rooms in our group, a five star hotel it is not but for the price we paid i think we made off better, and yes i will return and stay at the OHANA WEST AGAIN!!!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the money/families This hotel is great for the money. There is 4 of us. Nice having a kitchenett , especially with the kids. Nothing fancy but it was clean. The staff are friendly. Everything is close within walking distance, about 2 blocks from ocean. Not alot for the kids to do in the hotel but swim, example, no arcade in hotel but there is one just across the street, a bit pricey. They were working on the hotel the whole time we were there by the pool so it was noisy with workers and then the day before we left they had blocked off the pool so they could work. Inconvenient. We would stay here again though.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pwisehaddock
<Content>Comfortable, Clean,  Stayed at the Ohana West from 1/22-1/29/05, was pleasantly surprised after reading many mixed reviews. We had a city/mountain view, king room, on the 16th floor with a nice size lanai, the room was a little small, but clean and comfortable. The daily housekeeping service was very prompt and did a very good job, and all the staff at the hotel demonstrated excellent customer service. The location of this hotel is perfect, it is centrally located to all the great things to do in Oahu. If your looking for a 5 star hotel this is not the place, but if your looking for a nice place with reasonable rates and great service, then this is the place to stay.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NS
<Content>Economical stay Hi all, Stayed for 6 nights at this place, Do not excpect to get a superior room . they are kept clean , but they are small. We were lucky, we had 2 dbl beds. The others in our group had much smaller rooms with the same size beds. the staff ar courteous and helpful.  the hotel is right on one of the main drags so if you get a room facing the direction of the ocean you can expect alot of vehicular noise. The pool is average, but then again I wasnt there for the pool or the room. I spent my time outside seeing the sights, on and off the beach. All in all, I would go back to this hotel again but my preference would be facing the canal so it is quiter. It is a very short pleasant walk to the beach from this hotel.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bayguy
<Content>Very pleasantly surprised! I have been reading these reviews for a while prior to my Hawaii trip that just concluded. I knew they were mixed but this place seemed to have the better reviews.Just returned from a trip to Oahu and the Big Island. I stayed a total of six nights at the Ohana West. The place was really nice!! A definite upgrade from Ohana Reef towers which was the dump I stayed at before. My first three nights I stayed in a city view Kitchenette facing Kuhio street. They actually upgraded me at no charge since I could not get a non-smoking room. The room was nicely re-done with new bathroom fixtures, paint and trim. I didn't smell any smoke. Nice big shower and bath! The room was facing the street but I couldn't hear any noise with the door closed. The pool was really cool! It's on the second floor with a pool deck facing the street. Nice bar there that is always busy. Some young girls run the bar and it's usually busy. I came back and stayed three more nights in the same type of room but in the back of the hotel this time. It was also nice and newly renovated with a bigger bathroom.My stay was very good. You'd think this is a four star hotel. Only problems were the front desk computer going down once delaying my check in and the airport van was late arriving at the hotel but that was due to the incompetent van driver. Elevators weren't a problem for me. There is three or four of them and they only slow down during peak hours. I was on the fourth then third floor so I mostly took the stairs.I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bugsy66
<Content>Clean and Comfortable We just returned from Oahu and stayed at the Ohana Waikiki West. I was a bit leary of this place due to the comments by many. From our experience it was quite basic. Clean comfortable rooms. The staff was very friendly and the room was exactly what I thought it would be.This is by no means a four or five star hotel, but met our needs quite well. The pool area was very nice and clean, there was always someone cleaning around the hotel while we were there.The hotel is quite old, it has been updated with new paint, carpets, curtains and bedspreads. It is not lavish but clean.We would definatley stay here again and really enjoyed our trip to Oahu.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JJ2005
<Content>Nine out of Ten Just come back from 5 nights at the Ohana Waikiki West. The hotel was great. The staff were super cool and the rooms were large and airy. I had a kitchenette room on the 14th floor and everything was spotless. Views over to the sea were lovely and the street noise was not bad at all. One day I requested early make-up for the room, and the maid was there almost as soon as I had hung up the phone. Staff at the front desk were a little stressed due to daytime renovations and a fire alarm drill, but they handled themselves (and a bunch of arrogant tourists) very professionally.All in all a great location and great property (just remember the elevator is on Hawaiian time).  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Noisy This hotel is in need of a major renovation. We had two kitchenette combos adjoining which is supposed to house 6-8 people. Was very cramped. The rooms smell old and stagnet. We stayed two nights and both nights there were people congregating outside in the hallway on our floor. It was like that both nights and lasted from 10pm - 2am and it was so noisy, and also noisy outside in the courtyard where all the patios are, people are yelling and making noise throughout the night. We did inform the front desk when we checked out and they didn't seem too concerned about it. We would definitely not stay there again. The elevators are slowwwwwwww and the front desk employees need to take a class on courtesy and show they at least pretend to like their jobs.The plus side is that the hotel is close to the beach, shopping and restaurants.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Affordable, Clean, Convenient This hotel is fine for those who don't go to Hawaii to sit in a hotel room. It is a clean no nonsense room. It was nice to have the refrigerator and the burners for cooking. Our party had 3 different kinds of rooms. One of the standard room was a little small but tolerable. All our rooms were very clean and well attended. The location was great but for $200 more a night you can be on the beach if you like. I wouldn't recommend this location for the honeymooners looking for a romantic view or the luxury traveler but it is a good place for a headquarters if you want to explore and spend your money on things other than a hotel.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>C&BM
<Content>Not that bad!       Room facing balcony  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sunny005
<Content>Comfortable and convenient Just returned from a nice week at the Ohana West. Based on other reviews, called a few days before going and requested a room on a higher floor on the ocean side of the building. Room was clean and comfortable with a lanai facing the ocean. Waikiki is busy and commercial, but great fun and the beach is beautiful.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Candy-n-Scott
<Content>Ohana Waikiki West was Acceptable My husband and I stayed at Ohana's Waikiki West for 2 nights on 12/02 and 12/03/2004. Our 5th floor room was very comfortable, clean and not at all noisy. The room could've been updated, but it wasn't bad, for the price. The bathrooms were great - loved the shower. It was centrally located and within walking distance to all the waikiki sights. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>where not to stay       10th Floor: looking out from room 1069  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the best! We were on our way to Hawaii for a week and a half long vacation for a friends wedding. We had decided to stay at this location based on the reviews that we read. When my husband and I got to our room, we were really disappointed. The room we had needed to be updated. The bathroom were not the cleanest and need updated as well. The location of the hotel was great. It was a block from the International Market and only 2 blocks from the beach. It's a good thing that we only stayed 3 days before we headed off to the Big Island, otherwise, I would have been really disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs Updating Arrived after late flight and walked into my room and my heart sank. It was terrible! Poky and small. Bathroom was tiny with a dirty sink. I had asked for a non smoking room and room smelt faintly of smoke. Bed was nice although the smell of tabacco wafted up your nose as you were trying to sleep. There was no room to put down my 3 suitcases. We had to walk around them. The balcony/lanai frightened me... it was old and I wondered how much rust was being covered by the paint! I might fall over if I lent on the bars! I had a 2 room upgrade! I wouldn't have liked to have stayed in my original room... it would have been far worse experience than what I had. I'd give it about a 3 or 4 out of 10!!Looks nothing like the picture in brochures!!! For value for money, the Royal Hawaiian, Moama Surf or Sheraton might be approx $100 per night dearer, but you are getting about $400 more in value. Worth the extra money!!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pattiwhack
<Content>Great place to stay Just returned from two weeks in Waikiki. After reading previous reviews was apprehensive about this hotel, but to our delight we were extremely happy with our room on the 15th floor with an ocean view. Very clean, no bugs - Large balcony; king bed; adequate closet in large bathroom with sliding mirror doors; ironing board, hair dryer; kitchenette where we only had breakfast - cheap to eat out as compared to groceries in the Food Pantry across the street. Very handy to beach - walk through International Market Place, cross street and walk down the beach access - five minute walk. We will certainly stay at this hotel again. Construction on street going on but moved on to next block while we were there - no undue noise from the street or bar downstairs. Would recommend getting the higher floors. Elevator service adequate, but naturally at busy times, a little slower, stopping at all floors, but that was usually in the early morning when people are leaving for their tours, or leaving to catch planes. All in all no complaints at all.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed my trip thanks to hotel staff Stayed at this hotel Oct 2004. Original room was on 5th floor facing Kuhio which was very noisy with the bar right below and I could hear music from the room next to me. Spoke to reception and although they were booked up, managed to find me a room on the 16th floor facing the mountain side. The front desk staff were very accomodating. The new room was very quiet (couldn't hear anything from adjoining rooms), although smaller - but the view was still beautiful. The room had a King bed with 2 nightstands and one blocked half of the closet. Didn't bother me as I was alone, but might be annoying for 2 people. There is a Food Pantry and a bus stop within steps of the hotel, which was handy. The room renovations appeared to have been completed when I was there, at least my room was but they were starting improvements to the outside of the building - but I didn't notice anything negatively as a result. Housekeeping was great while I was there.I was looking for an affordable, clean, quiet hotel and I happily ended up with exactly that.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great holiday I was looking at taking a holiday by myself, in between jobs. I was recommended Hawaii and I was impressed.This hotel is in a great location, staff lovely and friendly, pool that gets the sun all day and very accommodating room. For the price Waikiki West is a great choice. Very comfortable for a holiday where your days are spent lying by the pool , touring around and the day ends with a good nights sleep.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Craigy
<Content>Fantastic I recently stayed overnight at Ohana West in a City view kitchenette room and I have no hesitation in recommending the Ohana West to anyone looking for a comfortable hotel staffed with extremely pleasant staff. The room we stayed in on the 12th floor had a great city view was well presented, with an extremely comfortable king bed. Kitchenette and bathroom were perfect for us. I am so glad I did not take notice of other reviews and stayed with Ohana West, I can't wait to stay with them again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wizone
<Content>Our stay was okay This review is for our stay at the Ohana Waikiki West hotel. The hotel was easy to reach from the airport and convenient to the beach and shopping in Waikiki. Our suprise was to leave one city only to reach another. Waikiki is inundated with high rise hotels, traffic, and all of the other trappings of the big city. We made our choice to stay at this hotel based upon the recommendations and reviews we had read from this site and the claims from the hotel that they had recently completed renovations. The hotel was average and met our requirements for an overnight stay, however they had not completed renovations. The rooms and furnishing were old and not well kept though functional. They could have used a good basic cleaning. The air conditioner was caked with dust and debris, plus the fan rattled on high speed. The hotel had three elevators that seemed insufficient for the amount of foot traffic and guests. They were slow and small and always seemed to be on the higher floors, also when the hotel associates were using them they were unavailable for the guests. A lot of guests had bicycles and rode them throughout the day and it only took two guests with bicycles to tie up the elevators for extended periods of time. There was no onsite restaurant but this was no problem as there were several eateries close by. Parking was ten dollars a day and contrary to some reviews we had no problem parking our Volvo Stationwagon at the hotel. I would recommend this hotel if your intention is to go to the beach, shop, or take in the sites. If you want a more luxurious hotel or attention to detail then I would recommend that you stay somewhere else. If I were considering a honeymoon to Waikiki then I would not stay at the Ohana Waikiki West or any of the other similiarily priced hotels. This hotel suited our need for a no frills hotel for one night before catching our hop to Kauai.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Will Work for Plane Tickets
<Content>Nice!!!!! This hotel was excellent. I had heard it was noisy and needed a remodel. Well good news - they just finished remodeling the entire hotel. Plus I asked for a quiet room (I am a light sleeper) and they upgraded us to a really nice room with a kitchenette on the 16th floor for no additional charge. The location is perfect, about 2 blocks from the beach right in the middle of great restaurants and shopping. The pool was nothing to scream about but who cares when you can go to the Outrigger, which is the Ohana's partner hotel, and use that pool, jacuzzi, and poolside bar. I will stay here again for sure! It's not the Ritz but for $55 per night who cares. Besides, you can use all the money you saved on lodging to buy expensive sushi dinners (yum) and cocktails in Waikiki!!!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth It! Clean, Casual: Just Right!! I upgraded to a larger room for $10.00 more per night. I was amazed at how large the space was because of an adjoining room which could be used as a sitting room, or (because of a sofa bed) addtional sleeping quarters. A big problem with the additional room was that there was no A/C or fan: making it virtually unuseable.The bathroom sink and shower were very small and there was no out-take fan so I had to keep the door open when showering. The kithenette was useful: I had two burners, a microwave, toaster, coffee-maker and small fridge. Only complaint was lack of storage space: it needed a cupboard or two.The only other complaint was that some blinder curtains would have been nice. The blackout drapes were great a night.Now for the good stuff! The housekeeping, maintainance and bell staff were so very attentive, prompt, polite, and professional. I had to call maintaince for a couple of minor problems: they were there within minutes! The housekeeping cleaned my room beautifully everyday: even scrubing the lanai! I had all the extra pillows I wanted and the bathroom was always well stocked.The staff, as a whole, were very accommodating.Having the grocery store across the street and a phamacy next-door was a welcome convenience.The location is great too: Waikiki Beach just a 10 minute walk or so. Kuhio Marketplace across the street!I was very happy with my stay at this hotel! While it needs som updates it was still a pleasant experience and I would recommend it!!My stay was for two weeks so I had a lot of time to think about how I would rate this hotel.I doubt you would be dissappointed!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Service! I stayed here in October 2003 on my honeymoon. Not knowing anything about Hawaii, my husband and I simply went with our travel agent's recommendation, who had said she frequently booked travellers at this hotel and everyone seemed to like it.Our room faced Kuhio Ave., where the view was gorgeous and we could keep on eye on what was going on in the street. It's 2-3 blocks away from the beach, across the street from the International Marketplace, near several restaurants, and within walking distance to a couple of clubs. The tour desk was gave us all the help we needed to visit all the wonderful places and the cleaning ladies were so nice.Ohana Waikiki West helped make our honeymoon absolutely perfect!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ugpug
<Content>Second Stay; Disappointed Was wondering how the poster above poster above got a $55 rate via Entertainment Book (EB). I used them and got $70 rate for room w/kitchenette. Did noticed that EB rates were higher online (about $90, I think) than by calling the Ohana chain direct. We were there from 5/11 to 5/20.Guess we were not so lucky as we got a corner room on 14th floor facing East. Because of that location, there was no privacy when drapes were drawn open--nor were there any sheers. Got some college aged kids next door for 2 nights. Heard them banging loudly on their room door around 4:00 a.m. for several minutes one night. That happened again the next night. Thank God they finally left.Room was just so so for a 3 star. Bathroom left much to be desired. It was very small with a half size wash basin; 1 small towel rack for 2 bath towels/2 hand towels/2 wash clothes; and NO countertops for toiletries. Had to use top of the toilet tank for some stuff. Stall shower was quite small. Microwave was dirty; maid service was so so. Limited channels on tv, and the $2 per coffee pack was out of line. We bought a small jar of instant. We had stayed at this hotel before and had a better experience. Biggest positive: it's location.Prior to coming here, we spent a week at the Radisson Prince Kuhio--booked via Price Line. It was also rated a 3 star, but it was much better in every respect except it's 3 blocks down toward the end of the strip. Don't know if the room we had was refurbished (didn't seem to be), but doubt that we'll stay here next year. Radisson didn't charge for coffee in the room, and parking was a dollar less a day so we didn't feel like we were being gouged. Staff was also friendlier.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Times! I stayed in this hotel May 2004 and this hotel was awesome! Great service, good location (right behind international market place),  clean rooms. We were not expecting much, but we got tons! They even upgraded us to a room with a mini kitchen! The only downer was all of the construction going in front of the hotel. I would definately stay here again.   
<Date>Jun 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Budget Dream Stayed there for all of many trips. Thanks to the Entertainment book received $55 rate (it's been a few years) for a kitchenette. We always lucked into the same room which gave a great view of Diamond Head as well as the Ali Wai Canal. With the Food Pantry across the street and the International Marketplace a few doors down, it was the perfect location. Although it's not the Ritz, it's a great place at a great price with laundry facilities, nice pool area, and a fabulous view of the ocean from the 7th (or 14th) floor balcony. More expensive hotels don't even offer that. However, the best was their hospitality room where you can check out by 12:00, go to the beach, etc, then shower before heading to the airport.After travelling to many countries as well as throughout the islands, I would never go back to Honolulu and NOT stay at this hotel.As for the slow responsiveness- please remember that like the Caribbean, this IS an island where the attitude is laid back. To circumvent high blood pressure, simply go straight to management.One plus: staying at the West gives you privileges to Surf right on the beach. What a deal!Those who want luxury on a budget need to reconsider what budget means to them.  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty decent... My wife  I picked this property as she stayed here on a previous trip. The rooms were clean  comfortable, though the decor was slightly 'dated'. The bathroom  kitchen fixtures could have used a little update, but otherwise the room wasn't so bad. There was some wallpaper peeling off in the bathroom, but it was under the sink  closer to the floor (i.e. out of main view). While we were staying there, the sidewalk around the front of the hotel was non-existent due to construction, but that was only supposed to last until early June. Waikiki Beach was a little walk (about four blocks), but being on Kuhio Ave was a nice break from all the expensive stores  restaurants over on the main strip (Kalakaua). Lots of cheaper food/shopping on Kuhio, which was nice.   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good to bad to worse i stayed at the hotel from 4/21/04 - 4/25/04i stayed with a bunch of friends because we were on a choir tour. atleast the rooms had a little kitchenette in it but it went downhill for me when a bunch of my friends (atleast 10) got stuck in one of the elevators for 1/2 hour while the air was thinning out, the hotel staff didn't take it seriously enough and was basically doing nothing. they contemplated calling 911 because they were going so slowly and when i tried to inform a staff member that there were people stuck in the elevator the guy was really short with me and halfway through our stay my card to get into my room stopped working! if you plan on watching any t.v. while there (if you get too lazy to get out) don't plan on finding anything worthwile to watch on t.v. like 5 main channels, the rest tourist channels of hawaii that are BORING!!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst hotel ever!!!!! This hotel was the worst hotel I have ever visited. First off, the rooms were the size of a cracker jack box, EVERYTHING in these rooms were outdated especially the most important bathroom. The sink looks to have never been replaced and to make it worse the shower was dirty and dark.The restroom door had to open going outwards because it was so small had it went the other way you would have damaged the toilet. In my room we shared a balcony with other people which would not have been so bad but there was no seperation which left no privacy to my fiance and I. To make matters worse the air conditioner was supposedly on high but was barely able to cool down our minature room. The next morning we woke up at 6 am to get the hell out of there. We then went to the Ohana Islander where the hotel was what a hotel should be. If you never plan to sleep or shower in your room this may be the place for you but if cleanliness is a factor you should definitely look somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>llcook00
<Content>Nice Hotel-Nice Price I just returned from the Ohana Waikiki West yesterday, staying there from 4/13/04 thru 4/20/04. Wonderful stay! While my king room on the 16th floor was not one that had been refurbished yet, it was still clean and comfortable. (All rooms are to be refurbished by late August 04). The large lanai was very relaxing and I could see part of the ocean, even though there were several buildings between the beach and the hotel. The room had a large refrigerator, coffee maker, and toaster. I was told that microwaves are going to be added during the renovation. (There is a $2 charge to use the coffee that is in the room). There is a separate dressing area with sink and closet that is located outside of the bathroom, which included tub and shower. Maid service was great! (I had Tracy-very hospitable!) The pool, pool deck and bar, all located on the 1st floor, are excellent!!! The bartenders are fun and friendly to everyone. Great drink prices and happy hour daily. Live music, pool table, dart boards-all on the pool deck. Nice tables with umbrellas and someone cooking burgers and dogs at the BBQ grill on weekends. We had more fun hanging out at the hotel than at some of the other pubs that we went to! There is a country bar located in the basement of the hotel, but we did not have the chance to check it out. The hotel is in a great location, on the bus and trolly route, had a grocery store across the street and a pharmacy next door. I did not experience the delays with the elevator that some others on this site talked about. Also, while it's true that some of the rooms are used as a dormitory for a local college, I didn't notice many students around the pool or any excessive noise. In conclusion, I would definitely stay here again. The price was right and I couldn't have had a nicer stay!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed Well worn is the best way to describe this hotel and its rooms. Spent five days there in Feb/04. The only thing that has been updated in recent years is the carpeting. Admittedly, you get what you pay for! (US$90/nite for a so-called kitchenette--no microwave).  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised!! First time stay at the Ohana West (Dec. 2003) but our 15th time to Honolulu. In the past we stayed at the Ohana Surf, but that was sold and made into condo's. Therefore, as creature of habit, our first trip to the Ohana West was a test as to our return in 2004. We were pleasantly surprised and my husband said I worried for nothing. Anyway, the staff were very pleasant, the room was a nice size although the shower stall was extremely small (and I mean small - unless you warm up the tiles in the shower, I wouldn't back-up too quickly). We had a kitchenette and our only disappointment there was the lack of cupboards to store anything (there weren't any. But the room was clean and a good size. If your on a budget and your not looking for luxury, but instead a clean, convenient location, happy workers than visit the Ohana West.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ohana West Having booked this hotel some three months in advance for my sister and I, we arrived at 1 am local time to be told there were no twin bedded rooms left (although this was indeed requested and confirmed in Australia). After much complaint by us both, the receptionist was less than helpful referring us to the day staff later that morning. In fact, I have to say that 50% of the staff were like minded.We then presented ourselves to the Manager during business hours and were given the room we requested although I have to say that we fronted the main thoroughfare which was noisy with traffic and people alike along with the odours of the restaurant kitchen below eminating skywards.The hotel itself is in need of an urgent renovation both for its extremely slow lifts, tatty looking rooms with wardrobe doors running off the track, toilets not flushing correctly and taps barely running water, let alone draining quickly.Room telephones wouldn't access our Australian telephone cards to ring home (although I have never had this difficulty anywhere else in the States) and in fact the local Hawaiian card too proved useless, but could be used at public (pay) phones.All in all, I could not recommend this hotel unless you are, as they say, a backpacker.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad deal My husband and I spent 12 days at the Ohana West. It's actually a good deal for the price. Our room was spacious and comfortable. It was clean and had a nice, partial ocean view. The staff was kind and accommodating. The hotel is in a good location, close to the beach. It's definitely not the Hilton, but for the price, it's exactly what we needed since we spent very little time in our room. We'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean hotel, Good value We stayed at the Ohana Waikiki West Hotel from Nov 25 to Dec 4, 2003. Positives - very good value for the money, regular size grocery store next door (much bigger than a typical ABC store), $2 one way Ala Moana Trolly Pink line stops right outside the door, very friendly and helpful staff. City Bus stops near by. Chili's, Starbucks, and Internet Cafes a very short walk away. Clean rooms. Location - yes, it's a short walk to the beach, but the hotel area still has a very touristy feel to it. Negatives - They were repairing the pool bar, so it was kind of noisy, but it should be done by now. Also, the elevators were a little bit slow. Suggestion - If you are a sound sleeper, ask for a room near the elevator shaft when you check in. There was a constant low pitched rumbling, but if you don't mind that, you can probably get a very large room, with a good sized fridge, minus a balcony, for the price of a regular sized room.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place   showReview(1501829, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tashy41
<Content>My favourite Hotel in Hawaii   showReview(1496434, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gone downhill   showReview(1424554, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>my expeience during my stay.   showReview(1399299, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent service   showReview(1272358, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Bargain   showReview(1154751, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Budget Hotel   showReview(1154536, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(1077875, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morgan52
<Content>Good value for your money   showReview(930590, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value   showReview(823518, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銈勩亶銇濄伆
<Content>銈儚銉娿儻銈ゃ偔銈偊銈с偣銉堛儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21424508, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇岃壇銇?#x201d;   showReview(21745405, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mizu0302
<Content>蹇仼銇儚銉偆婊炲湪鈽嗐偄銈儐銈ｃ儢娲俱伀銇亰鍕с倎銇с仚       j鐔熺潯銇с亶銇熴儥銉冦儓  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鎶滅兢銇с亰姘椼伀鍏ャ倞銇с仚   showReview(20752975, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>celine69
<Content>hotel id茅al pour 1 nuit 脿 la d茅couverte de waikiki   showReview(17984069, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鑹仐   showReview(19172118, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎷呮灦銇裤仧銇勩仾銉欍儍銉夈亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19163873, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Solide und g眉nstig   showReview(11452961, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屾渶楂橈紒   showReview(19162513, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅莽us, cette fois-ci, surtout apr猫s plusieurs s茅jours dans cet h么tel   showReview(11452959, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸瀹夈亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(19162425, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅alement situ茅   showReview(11333249, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氥伄渚縂OOD銇с仚   showReview(19157759, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢锛犮偔銉炽儊銉炽偝銉炽儨   showReview(19157145, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜堟兂澶栥伀澶ф簚瓒?#x201d;   showReview(19156124, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕瓙3涓栦唬銇ф簚瓒炽仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19154947, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銇儜銉冦偙銉笺偢銉勩偄...   showReview(19926878, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銉勩偄銉笺仹瀹挎硦銇椼伨...   showReview(19924655, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銇儜銉冦偙銉笺偢銇с亾...   showReview(19923729, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闅ｃ伀銇儠銉笺儔銉戙兂銉堛儶...   showReview(19921757, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銇偄銉冦儣銉儻銉笺儷...   showReview(19921584, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伀銇紦鍥炵洰...   showReview(19918698, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€閮ㄥ眿鏁般亴澶氥亜鍓层伀銇?..   showReview(19915945, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

