<Author>markt3
<Content>Almost Heaven No, I don't mean West Virginia. Visiting Scottsdale at this time of the year is just that - 'Heaven'. Temperatures are cool (40's) in the morning, but 70's by noon. The JW has everything a first class resort should have: excellent spa, 2 great golf courses, 4 super restaurants, conference rooms, banquet halls, pools and an in-house Starbucks. The room are comfortable and the beds are great, I actually slept very well on them. Service was impecciable, friendly and always helpful. We ate at 2 of the restaurants on site, Roy's, was had excellent food and Meritage, a steakhouse which had a wonderful $39 seasonal steak special. The lounge is very spacious, although somewhat noisy when crowded, but we spent a lot of our time at the outdoor fire pits in the evenings. We played the 'Palmer' golf course, which was very enjoyable and of course the desert vistas were wonderful. There is plenty of shopping and other types of less expensive restaurants nearby at the Desert Ridge outdoor mall-like area too.I would certainly return to JW Marriott Desert Ridge!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LeleW
<Content>Beautiful location, great spa, so-so room I had a conference at the Marriott this week and my husband scheduled some business meetings in Phoenix so he could join me. I'm a Marriott Rewards member and I'd read that the property was recently renovated, but our room was more rustic than nice -- and surprisingly dark. The bathroom was very small as well. Like most resorts in Phoenix, they claim to have a state of the art fitness center - but it's no big deal (e.g., no weight machines).The pluses - and there were many: The staff were unfailingly attentive; pretty much everyone asked if there was anything they could do for us. Also, housekeeping showed up one morning while we were still in the room and *immediately* offered to come back later. The fire pit area behind the restaurant is very nice to hang out at (especially in December, when even Phoenix can get a little chilly at night). Finally, the spa is beautiful - on a par with the Atlantic Resort in Fort Lauderdale, including a decent (although I wouldn't call even that one state of the art) fitness center -- but you have to pay $25 to visit (unless you schedule a service such as a massage). It also features a small, generally healthful restaurant (Sprouts) that's surprisingly reasonably priced for a resort spot -- AND has a nice little wine list and specialty drinks (e.g., a fresh raspberry juice mimosa).Upshot: A lovely venue with a great spa - but you don't want to spend too much time in your room.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelTacoma
<Content>Loved it! What a great place to be. The golf courses were spectacular. The service impeccable. The pool was refreshing. Definitely going back.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PATravelnut
<Content>Excellent Convention Hotel       View from Hallway of Wing  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Texas_Phil
<Content>Best Service I have ever had at a Marriott I stay at a lot of Marriott properties, but seldom do I stay at their top tier locations. I stayed here for 3 nights during small business gathering of about 60 people. I have to say that I thought the staff was outstanding, from the bellman to the maid service. I did not make it to the pool, so I cannot comment on that. I did have quite a bit of interaction with a lot of the other staff and I found them to be absolutely outstanding..very helpful, very available and very courteous. Everybody made me feel like I was an important guest. The Palmer Golf Course is in great shape, the twilight rate was good, the carts were in great shape and the GPS worked very well. The food was very good and the bartender that worked our event (Tatiana) was one of the most personable and professional that I have seen.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChicagoVacation123
<Content>Desert Ridge Service at the pool is awful. Servers hang out at the bar and ignore the guests, stop by every 2.5 hours to see if you need anything else. They goofed up my order 40% of the time. After you beg for a menu they will tell you that they will be right back, you will never see that staff member again unless you go to the bar where you will find most of the servers watching tv and hanging out. Everything else is great. If you plan to eat, drink and spend a lot of time at the pool you have to prepare for the worst! Otherwise the grounds, rooms and the rest of the staff is great.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	2	5	

<Author>Tom2002a
<Content>Nice convention hotel Stayed 3 nights last week. Physically a nice convention hotel. Very large with spectacular common areas. Room was oversized, clean and nice. Walk to 2 golf courses and a wonderful pool complex with a lazy river.Staff goes out of their way to say hello and be friendly/helpful. Had some issues with service though:- maids did not restock room coffee fully. First day had only decaf and next day had no cups- Breakfast buffet on one day overwhelmed. Despite 25% of the tables being available we had to wait 15 minutes to get a seat. Made to order eggs are the only type available and on two separate visit鈥檚 the cooks had the heat on the pans turned up so high that a brown crunchy crust formed all over my 鈥渙ver easy鈥檚鈥?br/>- Golf course (Faldo) greens in horrible shape.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	-1	5	3	3	

<Author>JStentz
<Content>Excellent visit to the Marriott Desert Ridge Wonderful hotel. Fantastic pools and lazy river. Very nice public areas for relaxing and having a beer. Absolutely fantastic golf course - we played the Palmer Signature course. Its worth sitting thru the time share high-pressure sales spiel for the free rounds of golf.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kayla_h
<Content>Beautifull Place! My stay at the JW Marriott was fantastic. The staff was always very friendly...everytime they saw you they always smiled and said hello. The hotel itself was beautifull, the gorunds were amazing, and the pools were perfect for the hot weather! (make sure to wear your sandals and dont walk on the HOT HOT pavement!!!) I did not agree with the internet fee....it should be included in the resort fee or in your nightly rate. Our room had a great view of the ponds and the beds were very comfy!!! So overall i highly reccomend this hotel, however some of the extra fees should be cuz to make your vacation that much more enjoyable!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>BettyCrocker411
<Content>Surprisingly kid friendly but ditch the fees Our family of three (mom, dad and 7-year-old) really enjoyed the hotel. The staff for the most part were friendly and from all over the world. We met a young man from Kazakhstan on some exchange who was working in the restaurant. My guess is that the previous reviews about unfriendly staff had to do with English not being these people's first languages.The lazy river was surprisingly entertaining. We thought we would get bored going around and around but it was very relaxing -- a combination of people watching and going on a car ride.The rest of the pool complex had a little something for everybody. Even if I had a two-year-old and our elderly parents with us, there would have been pool stuff to enjoy for everybody.Our biggest complaint was the fees. The $13 fee for internet access is ridiculous, as is the $22 fee for valet parking, the $20 fee for access to the Revive Spa fitness center, the $20 for access to the golf driving range, the $20 access to the tennis facilities, etc. The parking lots are pretty far from the hotel and in the summer heat, it is not a pleasant walk.Why is it that at the lower end Marriott (Fairfield Inns), you get free breakfast and internet access but as you move up the price range all the freebies disappear? If you're shelling out a few hundred a night for accommodation the least they can give you is a free breakfast and internet access. Any management types listening?Fortunately, we got a really good hotel, air and car package through Southwest which made all the extra expenses reasonable in the big picture.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dooleke
<Content>Impressive Property, however, too big and fee structured Upside: Nice pools fun for entire family. Lazy River was great! Excellent service. Nice people. Rooms good size with nice comfortable beds. Downsides Internet access fee $13/day with advertised as hi-speed was acting like dialup with 1 -2 minute per website speed. (Marriott staff refunded the fee. Again top service).$25 resort fee per day was choc full of hyped value savings that included internet, wow. It should have been included as standard. $25 valet parking per day. Overall very impressive property, but not practical as the 800 room size hotel really added time to getting around and the nickel and diming for everything really left me disappointed. I don't mind walking a mile through Caesar's Palace but this place is just big to be big. Marriott should include these fees in the room rate and not have to sell me a value package when I'm on vacation.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>swisskent
<Content>Going Downhill Since the resort opened, I have stayed at this location three times now. It seems the quality of service, with the exception of the hotel lobby and greeting staff, has gone downhill considerably. I was treated better at a Holiday Inn Express on my way to staying at the Desert Ridge Resort.To begin our stay, the new HDTV in our room did not work when connected to my laptop. Two technicians looked into the problem over two days, and basically dropped the ball. The issue was never resolved after the five night stay. The front desk apologized, but that was about it.In the hallways, the housekeeping staff did not acknowledge guests, did not smile, or wish them a Good Morning, say Hello, or anything of the like.The hotel is showing its age and needs to be maintained better. Carpets are worn, scuff marks are noticeable on the walls of the hotel's corridors, etc.The Lazy River closed at 7 PM in the summer! I find this difficult to believe since there was a good three to four hours more of decent cooler weather. In Phoenix, people like to be outside in the earlier mornings and late evenings. The schedule for this pool should be better than this. I was at conference all day, wanted to take a dip and was told to get out after 15 minutes. Ridiculous!On a separate occasion, I ordered two frozen drinks at the bar close to the Lazy River. The bartender did not even say hello or acknowledge my friend and I. We had to just give our drink orders. He charged us over $10 per drink which I think goes beyond gouging! He was rude and unfriendly. No tip for any of that!At the conference, a colleague of mine was served, not undercooked, but RAW chicken! We asked the staff member in charge to do something about it, but again, we received an unsatisfactory response.Is this the way to run a supposed resort?Then, there was the heavy sell job from the Marriott's Canyon Villas. As if I hadn't spent enough money in the place already! Are you kidding?I am tired of shelling out good money to be treated like this. I, for one, will not be returning to this hotel, and I will be avoiding JW Marriott hotels altogether.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>maddogSJ
<Content>Wonderful stay! Wonderful visit...a true resort with numerous amenities, quality service, and stunning location.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dreampilot
<Content>Truly Mixed Feelings... Really Wanted to Like it ... But... We stayed here in mid July for six nights and seven days, four of those days attending a convention at the resort.We have a lot of mixed feelings and I have to say that if it wasn't for the great rate we got (nearly 70% off rack) because of our convention, we probably would rate this stay a lot lower. First the good...1. Location: It is convenient to the Desert Ridge marketplace, a full service mall including a 20 screen movie theater and dozens of restaurants. The Resort runs a shuttle every 15 minutes or so to the mall. If you have a rental car - it's location is very convenient to Phoenix's highway system and downtown is only 20 minutes away. 2. Grounds/Atmosphere: well kept - and you can't beat the bunny brigade as we called it. In the late afternoons, dozens of rabbits plop on the green grass and stretch out - it's an almost surreal experience which is fun for young and old alike. There is a lot of grounds to explore... Although I have to say Orlando's JW Marriott's lazy river is much more fun, there are at least more pools to choose from. The slide would be more fun if it wasn't turned off so early3. Rooms: Pretty typical for Marriott - which still has the best beds of most any hotel in it's tier. Bathrooms are nice and the flat screens come with full computer interface to hook up your laptops too. Patios in every room are a nice touch and big enough to host 4 friends relaxing.4. Front Desk Staff, Concierge, housekeeping and Parking Staff were great folks and easy to talk to and represented the Marriott brand wellNow the not so good...1. Service: Outside of the folks mentioned in #4 above, We were extremely disappointed in the service by the other staff. We had better experiences with service at Motel 6 and other budget brands then some of the people we ran into here at this JW. The lounge and bar staff were completely rude, hard to get a hold of and just not very pleasant people to deal with. Our waiter at Roys and one of our waiters at the Blue Sage were the rare exception to the restaurant staff as well. If I ever stay here again - I would much rather take a shuttle to Desert Ridge Marketplace and eat over there than waste any more money at the Resort restaurants and their rude service..2. Speaking of staff - the lack of friendliness at the pools by staff was also very noticeable - and quite honestly for what we're paying (if it was normal rack) - we would expect a few more options poolside for drinks and snacks similar to how Orlando's JW resort runs. 3. If you like the all in one contained resort experience, I suppose you will like the entertainment options (2 golf courses, spa, etc) available - but we made more trips into Phoenix than the average guest because quite frankly, these resorts can get boring and drain your pocketbook dry. So maybe in all fairness this complaint isn't fair to direct at this JW specifically - but imo, if you plan to stay a few days here consider renting a car (AT THE AIRPORT - NOT THE RESORT - YOULL SAVE LOTS OF MONEY) and exploring the area more.I am not overly picky about service but the consistent attitude and not so hot service we received from the lounge, restaurant and other staff here reduced our rating a whole star alone. Anyway - We would recommend this resort if you get a great deal but if you're paying full rate - you'd be much better off perhaps at another one of the many, many resort properties in the area.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	5	1	1	

<Author>melodyheard
<Content>No "Green" in the desert! The staff was friendly, the resort itself is beautiful, the spa was nice, nothing spectacular and the breakfast was good. Overall this is a nice hotel, my main problem is that they are not environmentally friendly at all. Here are a few examples:-There are about 4 different elevators to get to the same location. This is a total waste of energy.- There is no option to reuse towles.- All five of the bathroom lights are controlled by one switch. You have to turn all of them on even if you only need one.- Daily print outs of hotel activities are left in each room!- There are a gazillion pools in the middle of the desert. Sure they are nice to lounge in but its a bit much.In this day and age I just dont think it's worth it.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	-1	4	1	

<Author>tmalkoon
<Content>Beautiful Hotel-Lacks attention to detail We stayed here for 3 days at the beginning of July. We wanted to bring our 2 of our children to a resort with some water features. When we checked in I presented two $500 gift cards to put on our tab. I knew we would spend more than that and they need to be processed. The girl told us it would be more convenient to run them at check out. What she meant was it would be more convenient for her as they take some time to process. It was off putting to be turned down for payment up front. Also, I have used thousands of dollars of these in Marriotts across the country and have been greeted much more graciously.  One of the reasons we booked this hotel was for the lazy river and slide for our kids. The pools and grounds are gorgeous. We called before our trip and were told that the lazy river and slide were open until 7;00pm both nights so we booked it. However, both nights the river and slide stopped at 6:00 even though the signs posted said 7;00. Of course, the young people working the water area leave like robots as soon as it stopped flowing and couldn't answer any questions. We were later told that the features are on timer and a supervisor did not reset it. Our suite was $400 a night and there are many nice resorts in the Phoenix area with water features and better rates who are much more alert. It felt like the staff is less on top of things because there are fewer guests. Andrea at the front desk credited us $50 for the inconvience but the experience was not optimal.  On the plus side, our two room suite beautiful. The fabric and features are relaxing,upscale and the new LCD tv's were great. Another detail that fell through the cracks was the air conditioning in our suite. The kids side with the sleeper sofa was great, but our room with the king never cooled down(we set it at 60 but it was about 78) and it never went off the whole 3 days we were there. Again, management needs to pay more attention to the details.The Blue Sage restaurant on the property was great and the kids loved it. Our second night we left the pool and wanted to eat at Roys. They would not seat us because we were in our suits and cover ups. I could understand this during convention season in Phoenix. However, when it is 111 degrees, your restaurant is almost empty and there are only 2 resturants on the property that are open, it should be adjusted for the season. Again, property management should close for the summer or pay attention. Our general feeling is that this is a great corporate hotel in a beautiful setting. We are going to try another resort in Phoenix this summer but this one will not be it. If you are a family, there are much more welcoming and friendly options at a better price.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	5	1	3	-1	

<Author>travelguy20
<Content>Very nice resort This is a great resort with a very relaxed atmosphere. The rooms are large and comfortable and the pool area is excellent. Don't miss Roy's for a great dinner. Great stay- perfect for familes on vacation.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newmexicomommy
<Content>Wowie! I stayed at this hotel for a business conference and was blown away! We are now considering staying here for a vacation the next time we visit relatives in Phoenix. The hotel is absolutely beautiful, the conference facilities were great, the grounds are lovely, and the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. Really an amazing experience. I don't think there's a better place to stay in Phoenix, at least not in my experience.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>megsv98
<Content>Spectacular! We booked this trip through BJ's wholesale Club..and boy did we save $$$. It cost us $120 a night, and we had a free night for our six day stay. Loved loved loved this resort.The rooms are spacious and clean. Awesome bedding and views.The pool area is excellent, we were on east coast time, so we were up at 7am at the pool daily and had it to ourselves or shared with one or two others till almost 9:30. There are three pools and the fun lazy river. The pool area was never overcrowded in my mind, and had plenty of people to serve drinks and food.We ate at Meritage, Blue Sage, and Just a Splash. We loved all of it. We thought the mixed drinks at the pool for $10.00 were a little pricey for our taste, but hey we didn't have to leave the pool or resort to get to it. We found that going across the street to the Desert Ridge Marketplace and other local restaurants was more fun and cost effective. Our faves: Jalapeno Inferno (Scottsdale Road-5min), Sweet Tomatoes(Desert Ridge Marketplace 1mile), and Islands (Desert Ridge Marketplace 1 mile). If you go to the movies and keep your stub Sweet Tomatoes will give you 15% off your bill.There are a ton of stores in the Marketplace to keep you busy. We also went to the Fashion Square in Scottsdale about 13 miles away.We headed to Williams, AZ about three hours away for the train ride to the Grand Canyon, we don't have children so this long long day trip didn't cause an issue for us.My husband played golf there and loved it as well. This time of year it's 67.00, and he played at TPC Scottsdale (5miles away) for $47.00. Very cheap for excellent courses.We would totally go back the place is awesome!!! My only issue is that parking is forever away, that's why I'd say 90% of the visitors use the valet service. We didn't use it...but oh well we got our exercise.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Justtravels988
<Content>Beautiful Desert Oasis: Do not miss in Phoenix!!! This was my 3rd visit to Desert Ridge. The hotel is stunning. The property is large, well-maintained, relaxed and sophisticated. It is contemporary in a growing region of Phoenix and is very impressive...it would be hard to be disappointed at this hotel. Stunning spa area and pool--fantastic restaurants (though I recommend you skip Roy's--overpriced and overhyped). The grounds are beautiful. Firepits, relaxing furniture, open space, warm pools---a very relaxing resort. First class!I toured the Cloud Club on my last visit and will definitely book these accommodations on my next visit (food and beverage, lounge, etc). Beautiful lounge w/ breakfast, drinks, etc inclusive. The food and beverage is pricey--upgrade to cloud club for a little more---it's worth it. There are many fantastic resorts in Phoenix. The JW is more affordable, less pretentious and just as fantastic as its counterparts (Fairmont, Four Seasons, Phoenician, etc). Don't miss for a great Phoenix resort!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LuckyLeoNJ
<Content>Great Convention Hotel I stayed at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge for 3 nights for a business convention and the Hotel was an excellent facility to have a convention at. The check in was fast and easy. The rooms were clean and spacious and had everything a business traveler could ask for. The food and service at the restaurants were very good but they were expensive. The only recommendation I could give them is to have more waiteress for the main bar area. The service at the different cocktail parties I went to at the hotel was all very good. If you are having a convention with 1000 people attending then you should check out what this hotel has to offer.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>combatbalancer
<Content>What a fantastic resort For the last 10 years our March holiday has always been a Caribbean affair, taking in Antigua, Barbados, St Lucia, Canouan and Grenada which emerged as our favourite and resulted in 5 visits. The combination of almost guaranteed sunshine, sandy beaches, crystal clear seas and increasingly luxurious resort just had us coming back for more. But this year the combination of an early Easter and school holidays meant that redemption opportunities were nonexistent and discounted fares were very difficult to find.It was a friendwho said, Have you ever thought of going to Phoenix, Arizona?No. Never, was my reply. Seriously I thought Phoenix was wilderness USA, nothing but cattle ranches and cactuses. Nevertheless the seed had been sown and as I searched the internet I uncovered a raft of luxury resorts in the area, all brimming with swimming pools, golf courses, spas and other facilities. In fact it became clear that we could find everything we had become used to in the Caribbean apart from the sea. And since we adopted the little one - we have spent an increasing amount of time around the pool anyway. Award availability was wide open in all classes on the BA flights from LHR so we booked 3 Club seats and finally settled on the JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort and Spa.Others we considered where the Phoenician (maybe a little more up market and very expensive), Fairmont Scottsdale Princess (it got lots of poor reviews for service), and the Royal Palm Resort (lovely but very few facilities for a 10 day stay). The Marriott won because it had 5 swimming pools, 6 restaurants, Two 18 hole golf courses, a spa, a desert botanical garden, expansive grounds, and a lazy river bigger than I have seen in most water parks I have visited.We arrived after a flawless flight and only 10 minutes to clear US customs and immigration, sweeping up this huge magestic driveway to be greeted by an army of bellhops and people eager to be at our beck and call. The reception of the hotel is set around a giant open plan Atrium area about 4 storeys high - a feature that apparantly is being introduced into Marriott resorts world wide. This provides a central meeting place for families, businessmen, and drinkers. It looks out onto an expansive lawn and lake called The Sage Lawn where we saw people playing ball games and later in the week special meals being served to conference delegates. Lining the lawn is the outside Vista Bar where they light the Firepits as soon as the sun goes down and these fires become the focal point for the evening live entertainment.Our standard room was very big - the king sized bed suitably covered in various layers of pillows, throws, wraps and other decorations. The bathroom had a walk in shower and spa bath and all the usual smelly stuff which they replaced twice everyday. There was a gigantic flat screen TV with all the usual pay for extra services. Great balcony patio with views over the desert and mountains. The swimming pool area was very impressive. 4 huge swimming pools (with a 5th available in the spa in a more private and tree lined location), and the lazy river. The latter was so relaxing - simple grab a huge rubber ring, sit back and be carried round a landscaped lap every 15 minutes or so. This was a good place for topping up the sun tan as well.We arrived on Easter Sunday and the resort was mobbed with families. On the first day the swimming pool area was very busy and I did have a fear that we had made a mistake (most Caribbean resorts have a very quiet relaxed air about them). But on the second day the families disappeared and the business conference delegates arrived so the swimming pool areas became very empty.The only thing I didn't like about the swimming pool area was the piped music - simply because it was intrusive. However they did have an extensive collection of 80s music and I heard songs like Safety Dance by Men Without Hats for the first time since the.....well since the 80s.The resort features some very impressive restaurants. Blue Sage - where you have a typical US breakfast and for the rest of the day typical US fare of burgers, steaks and ribs. Not the best place and the focal point for families but good value for breakfast.Roys - a Hawaiian Fusion restaurant with a great wine list which soon became our favourite. Sitting outside in their garden with torches burning and with the nearby firepits warming the air was a lovely setting. The Five Spice Fillet Steak melted like butter when cut and the rib starter was mouth watering. After dinner you can retire to lounge chairs around the firepit and finish of your bottle of red wine.Meritus Steak House - this was at the Golf Club and had an impressive range of steaks from NY Strip to their signature dish which is a smoked rib-eye steak - this was delicious - never had smoked beef before and it was a pleasant change from the normal way a steak gets cooked. Good squid and chicken here as well. Their terrace over looks the desert botantical garden and again is a lovely venue for an evening of food and wine.Tuscany - this is their signature restaurant and features gormet Italian fare. Another terrace garden, this time over looking a lake and The Isle of Capri which that night was being used for a conference dinner.The Spa - the restaurant here does fitness breakfasts and health conscious lunches. The spa itself is well equiped with a fitness studio for Yoga and Thai Chi, treatment rooms and a large swimming pool surrounded by palm trees and cabannas that you can hire out for a more relaxing day. Try the hot stone massage - quite deep and penetrating (oo - er!), and try walking on rubbery legs afterwards.Splash - is a poolside restaurant serving burgers and sandwiches. The turkey BLT was fabulous with waffle fries.Finally - not really a restaurant - but there was also a Starbucks and this had the longest queues. The yanks love their morning Starbucks don't they? We did breakfast - basically a grande and a muffin here several mornings.The grounds of the hotel were spotlessly clean, and liberally landscaped with waterfalls, lakes, flowers and cactuses. There were rabbits on the lawns and even mallard ducks swimming in the pools. And the coyotes came to the Golf course greens every evening. One night I even saw a barn owl swooping down over the roof of the golf club.Service everywhere was impeccable. Each bar and restaurant has plenty of waiting staff, people to pour more wine, people to clean up the plates and sometimes simply to have a chat - so it seemed.We took a day trip to the Grand Canyon which I am not even going to try and describe. It is one thing that only the eyes can appreciate. Photos and videos do not do the place justice. And we spent a morning riding horses in the desert. My first time on a horse and I enjoyed every minute of it - but boy was I sore the following day!!Any critisisms? Only one. The Hotel was very inconsistent with its turn down service. I find this at most hotels that offer it - including Ritz Carlton. If they are going to service the room for a second time during the day then they should be consistent. Some nights they only cleaned the bathroom, some they turned the bed down, put slippers by the bed, put a chocolate on the pillow and put on a soothing CD, other nights nothing at all. Anyway it resulted in a $100 credit when I made the comments.So I would whole heartedly recommend this place. We would go back definitely and as a winter holiday it gave us everything we have ever had in the Caribbean apart from the sea - but with one major major advantage. It is a dry arid climate so there are no biting insects. So for the first time in 10 years I didn't have to smother nuclear strength Deet Aftershave all over my body to stop a concerted mosquito attack.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>paper11
<Content>Wonderful We just got back from this resort and we are talking about going again already. The resort was Beautiful and the staff was Wonderful. I don't think that I have stayed at another hotel that has had better all around customer service. Nearly every person we talked to, whether it was at different restaurants, outside, at the front desk etc. seemed genuinely happy and more than willing to answer any questions we had. Many members of the staff seemed to go out of there way to help. From the moment we got there, the staff outside were Very friendly. The first thing we did was eat lunch at an outside cafe and the waiter we had was Very nice. Later we had dinner and sat outside on the patio and listened to live music and our waitress was extremely nice and helpful. Another day, we went to the kid's play room that they have and the young woman there was one of the friendliest people I have ever met. Another day, we didn't get our roomed cleaned and someone came by to make sure we didn't need anything. We didn't, but it was nice that someone came by to ask. Another night, we had dinner at Roy's restaurant and the service was Excellent. We have a little one who has a few food restrictions due to allergies and they went out of their way to find her a dessert that she could eat (that came free with her meal) even after we told them it wasn't a big deal. Our little one loved the dessert!When we booked our vacation it came with a credit and room upgrade. The front desk was great at helping to make sure that we actually got these. The room was Great! We had a huge tub and stand up shower and a private balcony that we could sit on and listen to the live music each night. GREAT!!! We loved that. The entire resort was clean and the interior decorating throughout was beautiful. I appreciated all the of the details and decor everywhere. In your room you are also given a, What's going on today sheet that tells you everything you can participate in which is really nice. If I had to point out a few things that were not positive, there aren't many. There are many birds that fly around so there is a good number of bird droppings by the pool area and at least on the balcony that we had. But, you can walk around these. It doesn't take away at how beautiful the resort is and at how great the landscaping is. It's really beautiful. Although there is a lazy river, which is great fun and relaxing, if you have someone with you that cannot swim or isn't a strong swimmer, I wouldn't let them out of your sight. My husband, literally helped save a woman from drowning. She went up and down in and out of the water a couple times splashing around and when we realized she needed help, she had just went under water again and didn't resurface for many seconds with one hand sticking out of the water until my husband jumped in from the other side and got to her and pulled her out of the water. There was a lifeguard nearby, but I think she must not have seen her. Also, I think there are spots that the lifeguards cannot see and although the water isn't deep, it's moving and for someone who cannot swim well, it's easy to panic and slip which is what I think happened to this woman. Thankfully, she is ok. Also, I did have a couple drinks by the pool that were a little spendy that were not very good that I didn't finish, but then my husband and I both ordered a couple smoothies that we were delicious.Almost every staff member was friendly and we loved our vacation. We are talking about perhaps going to stay there again sometime!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Danni0005
<Content>Wonderful resort Beautiful hotel. Beds comfy, service wonderful, food great. Wish the pool scene was better.....but if you have kids it is great. Very expensive but worth it. Far away from everything. $60 cab ride to airport. You need a car if you want to go anywhere. But luxurious, pretty, relaxing, and fun!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sgordonosu
<Content>Great Spring Getaway My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights the first week of April. We had a fantastic time. We arrived at night and the hotel was beautifully lit. Upon entry the staff was very friendly and helpful. Walking to our room we were a little nervous as we had to walk to the back of the hotel and down the stairs. When we got into our room we were pleasantly surprised. The room was definitely one of the nicer rooms we have been in. Everything was very clean and updated. Our room had a small patio area that overlooked a water with a fountain. My husband is in sales and stays in hotel rooms across the country every week. He was impressed with the both the room and bathroom. The grounds of the hotel are spectacular. We found something new to explore every day we were there. We didn't find the pools to be too crowded. There are a variety of locations to sit at and enjoy the pools and waterfalls. We found the lazy river a nice place to sit near since it kept people moving by and not constantly splashing or yelling right in your face. There were also other locations through out the pool area that were quiet and relaxing just to sit and listen to the water falls. My husband is a Gold member and we had access to the spa fitness facility. Which was also very nice with ellipticals and tread mills with tv's attached as well as a variety of free weights and machines. The Desert Ridge mall is with in walking distance and offers a variety of great places to eat and shop.We at at Roy's one night which was fantastic. We had a lunch a few times at the pool and the staff was very accommodating. We had a great time seeing the wild life too. We made friends with a duck, got to see a nest of great horned owls at the spa and saw a variety of birds and bunnies. I was a bit nervous after reading some of the reviews. I do have to say some of them are a bit critical. My husband stays at various hotels across the U.S. every week. And he was very impressed with the grounds, room and service here. He pointed out that rarely does he find a hotel that has free internet access, few that have rooms that are as nice as these, and very few that have bathrooms as nice as this. Yes there are kids here and people enjoying their vacations, if that bothers you there are plenty of spaces around the 4 pools, hot tubs, lawns or spa that provide privacy.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>gerheif
<Content>All's well that ends well.... Our family of FIVE ( two parents, two middle schoolers, and a 3rd grader) stayed at the Marriott Desert Ridge Hotel during our week of Spring Break in early April. We arrived early Friday evening after a long day that had started 12 hours earlier; starting in Flagstaff, moving on to a fabulous day at the Grand Canyon and surrounding areas. Needless to say, we didn鈥檛 look exactly 鈥渟piffy鈥?as we tumbled, crumpled and hike-weary out the large but not upscale rental car. As my husband snaked around the crowded arrival area I spied many immaculate, beautifully dressed 鈥渟hiny鈥?people coming and going from the lobby, I took a deep breath and as we trod upon the premises we were treated鈥︹€︹€?WELL by the valet, bell captain, and assorted staff in the lobby.I had carefully read the room descriptions prior to making reservations. As any family of FIVE knows, it is a challenge making reservations for one room. However this time, I didn鈥檛 have to forget, oop鈥檚, a family member and make it an even four to get a room, as rooms were noted as having a max of five with two queen beds and a sleeper sofa. We opted for the up-grade with the view. It wasn鈥檛 planned as a long stay, just a little nice RR after all the traveling, with a fun pool for the kids and admittedly 鈥渓ovely鈥?grounds for the parents, so no worries for mom.Check in was fine, again courteous enough, etc. except I was advised no sleeper sofa. My third grader is small enough (we did it at Disney) so I figured no big deal, sleep on sofa as sofa vs sofa bed. BUT when we got to our room --two double beds (!!!) and NO sofa. The music was vibrant and clearly lively outside our balcony over-looking the pool. One person鈥檚 鈥減arty鈥?is another mom鈥檚 nightmare. I was not OK with the set up. When we asked for a cot, it took up so much space that other furniture needed to be removed.Another deep breath, and I marched to front desk looked for the person who seemed to be in charge and politely advised, NOT OK. Francesca (sp?) was very attentive and immediately got busy trying to find another room. I also offered to, happily, forgo the up-graded view to look out at a wall gain a sofa, and call it even. No exchange rooms were available鈥︹€UT undaunted Francesca kept working it. She offered some sort of penthouse (??!!) room with a dining table for six, and a murphey bed, my eyes started spinning in their sockets (no explanation needed for other moms) then she found it. The executive suite. One King (as if the 3rd grader doesn鈥檛 end up in bed with us anyway) and a sleeper sofa in the other room for the two middle schoolers. Perfection !!!!!! The room(s) were large, lovely (by any standards鈥?Belagio, Wynn, Beverly Hills Hotel for recent comparison) quiet, and the view the next morning, one for mental memory books. I advised Francesa that I was not looking for a freebie or a hand-out and she politely scoffed at the thought of anything other than an even exchange.Kevin Costner (in town for a charity event), quietly singing and playing the guitar under my balcony the next morning was an added bonus for mom (and yes, super handsome, !!! etc, in real life).We were treated graciously by all staff, problem-resolution skills seem to be honed, grounds were beautiful, and food was good to fine. RECOMMENDED !  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>The_Devil
<Content>Excellent All Around!       In the lobby.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stpaulites
<Content>Sud, subpar This resort has a good website sell, but is in no way a four star. A group of us went for a girls weekend and were extremely diappointed. We all travel quite a bit and have stayed in great spots. This is not one of them. The service was non-existant at the pools, the restaurants, the front desk and the lounge. If you are going to charge $15 for a martini, you had better have a waitress in the lounge that appears within, oh, say, less than 20 minutes and doesn't have attitude (just as an example). Our room was nothing special, the pools were overcrowded and filled with partiers and kids. Not our idea of a $400+/night resort.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	2	1	2	

<Author>CTSirTravelsAlot
<Content>Marriott, you can do MUCH better Recently returned from a 7 night stay (4/12-19) using Marriot Rewards points. This is my second stay at this hotel, last was 2 years ago for 3 nights.First, let me say I am a Gold Member of the Rewards program and am a loyal patron. That being said, I was dissapointed not to be treated like one. One week before check-in I requested a room overlooking the Desert Botanical Garden. I did this knowing that the rooms facing the pool are quite loud at times. I was told I had an upgraded view room.Upon check-in I was given a room with two over-sized Queens according to the front desk. Queens?? These are full beds and I am with my wife of nearly 15 years on vacation. Possibly we could have a King bed? Oh yes, and the room is on the 2nd floor overlooking...the pool. I called front desk immediately to let them know this was not satisfactory. They took my cell number and told me they would call when they had another room available.The time marched on until about 3:30. At this point, I was concerned they would have filled their rooms. I went to the front desk and found they only had 2 rooms left in the hotel. Unreal. They were a King on ground floor (I always request high floors, but apparently having that information in your Elite reservation status is just for one's own personal information) and another double/double room overlooking the Botanical Garden.I took the double/double begrudgingly as it least it had a decent view. By the way, no offer to help move my luggage...nice touch.Room we finally setlled in was standard for the resort. Nice view of mountains, botanical garden and....720 people from Bacardi on two mornings having breakfast. Now I dont begrudge the hotel for making money on corporate events, but they need a better system to make those on vacation not feel inconvenienced by these events. My inconvenience came at 3:30 AM on my 2nd night there when the staff started setting up the buffets, etc. Having come to AZ for the weather, I had my sliding glass door open. Ahhhh, the relaxing sounds of golf carts backing up (beep, beep, beeep) and rattling dishes, clanking glasses.Now, every day you get a sheet in your room with activities for the resort. Basically, this doesn't change form day to day. My suggestion? Put the events and location of events on their as a heads-up to the vacationing resort guests so they know if they should keep their door shut so as not to be awoken at 3:30 AM. Another thought, work it out with the corporation to give those in rooms overlooking their event a small gift. It would go a long way.Lastly, let's talk about litter. The grounds are mainly immaculate. This ends in the common areas outside, especially at the pools (SPA pool is worth the money). I know there are a huge number of people that traffic these areas, but the resort doesn't seem to know this. They need many more staff to clean up througout the day. Cups, straws, etc were everywhere. Part of the blame lay on the guests. Some of whom didn't make any effort to clean up after themselves. On the other hand, I shouldn't be swimming in a pool with empty cups at the bottom (at least 1 every day I was there). Also, as I was walking back to my room after a day at the pool and I noticed something striking. There was a sugar packet on the lawn as well as a piece of plastic. I saw 2 Marriott employees, one was dressed as a manager. I thought this will be interesting to see if they stop to pick up this trash. The answer? They walked right by. Marriott, train your employees to have pride in the resort surroundings. This is unacceptable.One last piece of advice: get some new chaise lounges out at the main pool. A number of them look like you got them from a garage sale. People are paying over $500 a night at this time of year for chairs like this? The lounges at the Spa should be standard for this kind of high-end resort.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>wamu
<Content>Get A Discount or try elsewhere We stayed at the JW Marriott for three nights in April - it is a fairly new site and you could definately tell. The hotel and grounds seem impressive when you pull up to the place, but we found the rooms to be fairly average with nothing special to really speak of. There are three swimming pools and a lazy river you can float around in, which my four year old enjoyed - at first. The problem with this hotel is with the employees - most of the employees we came into contact with were standoffish and rude. An employee working at the top of the waterslide at the pool was verbally abusive to the kids - letting some go down the slide and telling others to take a break. Although my son met the height requirements, she scolded him for being up there without me (I was waiting at the bottom of the slide in the pool for him.) This upset him and he refused to go on the slide again with the mean lady working there. I talked to the manager of the pool area and he said he would address it. The overall feel of the employees there was cold and, well, just plain rude. We were able to get a cheap rate - $125 per night - so we didn't feel to taken - but if you have to pay $300 or $400 for this place, look around somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>tvjudy
<Content>Marriott in Phoenix Decent Stayed at the Desert Inn for 4 nights in January. The rooms are large but not in the very best condition. The first room I was given had mold in the shower. They changed me to another room which was much better. The best thing about this hotel was the Tennis Center. Excellent instruction and reasonably priced. The restaurants are very mediocre and close early. The outside fire pits are really nice. Too cold in January to use the pool.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>matcait
<Content>Fair Resort My wife and 3 kids stayed at this resort during spring break and were not impressed. We've stayed at numerous resorts all over the US and Phoenix and this would rate in the middle at best. The rooms were not clean and the room service was always late and suboptimal. The food in the resort was fair atbest and expensive. Roy's restuarant was good but it was the only restuarant that was worth the price of the meal. The swimming pools could have been cleaner and the poolside service was VERY POOR!!! The margarita's were terrible with soggy salt on the edge of the glass and the bartender at the pool was rude!Also, the concierge was rude and not helpful.... The room rates were very high for this type of service. I would not stay here again...CD  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	3	2	2	

<Author>lilyofcolorado
<Content>Beautiful location in the Sonoran Desert After reading some of the most recent reviews I must say the one from New York made me laugh. I have learned from my travels never to judge a book by the cover some of the wealthiest people in Scottsdale dress like gardners and drive  american cars! Here is my take on the JW Marriott. Great location but will not travel in March it is Spring Break and no matter where you travel whether beach or ski there will be plenty of kids about. I was suprised no one mentioned the vacation club time shares. Do not show interest when traveling past the time share desks because I did and not only had 3 separate voicemail messages on my room phone but also had a flyer put on my door so unless you are truly interested in their 90 min presentation steer clear. This hotel is located across from Desert Ridge Marketplace one of the cleanest outside shopping malls I have visited, it is not high end stores but has most everything moderate and they do provide a shuttle pick up from Desert Ridge. The rooms are some of the cleanest and the housekeeping staff very friendly. The pools were crowded due to the month of travel but there are several and they do clear out at 5:00 pm and since it is still very nice outside that is a great time for adults to attend.The restaurants are priced average for a hotel in this category. The room service prices are steep for breakfast so we went across to Mimi's or Paradise Bakery. Be prepared to walk alot, if you like to be near the pool or golf please ask to be near those areas. The nightly turndown service provides a schedule of activities for the next day, this is the first time I have seen a Segway tour offered. Overall a very pretty setting, quiet and very clean rooms. free parking, paid laundry room. As long as you like yellow and gold tones you will not be disappointed. Lots to do but you will pay for almost everything.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	2	4	1	

<Author>Surgie
<Content>Great stay at Desert Ridge! My husband and I were guests at the Marriott Desert Ridge from Mar. 24-29. Since we had an early morning flight, we had requested early check-in in advance. We knew it might or might not be available but we were happy to learn on arrival that our room was ready and it was only a little past 9:00 a.m. We had also requested a high floor in advance and we were given a room on the 5th floor (top floor) that overlooked the lagoon, golf course and mountains in the distance - very quiet and relaxing on the balcony.The room was spacious and nicely decorated. I have read other reviews complaining about the size of the room. We had a regular king room and there was a desk and chair, loveseat, coffee table, armoire and still plenty of room. I peeked in a room with 2 queens (or doubles) and it looked a little more cramped. So if a king bed suits your needs, you will find it more spacious. The bathroom was huge - separate tub and shower and large vanity.The staff went out of their way to be friendly and accommodating. The concierge made three dinner reservations for us, gave advice on activities we might enjoy, and printed out our boarding passes on the day of our check-out . Breakfast at the Blue Sage was great - good food and fast service - we ate outdoors each morning. We did not eat any other meals at the hotel so can't comment on that.Even though the hotel was full, the only place that seemed crowded was at the pool. It was somewhat of a chore to find a chair each day. Lots of chair-saving going on, even though the hotel says this is against their policy. However, the beverage service at the pool was fine. I forgot my pool wrist bracelet twice but this was not a problem - I had my room key and was not asked to go back to get the bracelet. I appreciate the staff's diligence in keeping outsiders out of the pool in order to keep it available for guests - this is common practice at other nice resorts.The spa was a real treat! It was expensive but in line with what other spas charge.I think when you travel at spring break, it takes a good attitude to have a great time and enjoy your vacation. Meeting people from different backgrounds is part of what makes travel so interesting if you're open-minded enough to appreciate it.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ELSUSHI921
<Content>Disappointed Its a pretty hotel with lovely rooms not 5 star but clean and well kept up. We were disappointed in the crowd, it was not the usual JW crowd, it was sort of a MidWest tatto crowd, not the usual preppy golf crowd. We were out there for a wedding but soend 5 days just relaxing and enjoying the sun, only it was awful sitting at the pool. The pool was more of a lazy rivier disneyesque feel. The lounge chairs were horrible, they had no pads on them and there was no one to set up the chairs and lay out towels for us.People were slobs throwing empty drink cups all over the place. We felt the service was so so, no one is too friendly out there. We ended up sitting on the cushy patio chairs alot more and we also paid the extra $35.00 per day per person to sit at the spa pool which had a very different crowd, more east coast and no tattos and people were dressed better and had Gucci's and LV bags.Normally we go to the Phoenician but it was over booked, and we planned this last minute. It was just a so so feeling and we spent about $400 per night and we felt it was like a fancy Days Inn.The pool area was just packed with people and you felt really squeezed in and not as if you were at a top resort. We won;t go back there again, the corwd was really not what we expected and the people were wild at the pool and no one watched their children all that well. The waitresses were slow and not friendly, the front desk crew were excellent.Wish I had better things to say.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	4	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>elliebear7
<Content>Not Impressed I was so excited to try out this property after reading some of the reviews and staying at other Marriott resorts but was disappointed with this one. Rooms okay (my lamp did not work either) but be sure and specifiy location, We literally had a balcony (with chairs) that overlooked the top of a building. I cannot begin to explain how horrible the view was. When I mentioned the view to the front desk I got a very fake smile and no response. Property is beautiful but provides none of the amenities of a top rate resort. Absolutely no internet access and not even a business center computer you can use without a charge (for gods sake Drury and Homewood Suites have business centers with internet access). I had to get a wrist band to use the pool so had to walk all the way back to the front desk (and believe me it is a walk). You had to ask for a towel, give your room number, wait while it was checked off and the attendant acted like he was doing me a favor by handing me a dirty looking towel. Again, two star hotels give pool access and towels with alot less trouble. Some of the employees looked genuinely happy to help (wait staff and housekeeping consistently good) but the front desk and pool folks were a different story. I would never pay full price for this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	4	1	

<Author>Charla
<Content>Great Curb Appeal; Guest Room Disappointing       better take turns!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	5	3	2	

<Author>TessaTB
<Content>Best Experienced If You Come For The Outdoors We just got back from our vacation here and we had a great time using the pool facilities. The pool area is about the most impressive I've seen at a hotel. We had a blast, it's great if you have kids. Although it would be nice if they had an adult pool - dealing with all those children running around was annoying from time to time but we still had fun. They have an awesome golf course too. The hotel itself is very new money - a little bit gaudy and too done but impressive nonetheless. The entire resort is very pretty but also has the feeling of Orlando, FL because nothing looks natural. They had quite a few restaurants in different price ranges. We ate at Roy's twice and had a great time. The ambiance in there seemed the most fun, especially with the tiki torches. The room itself was disappointing for the amount of money you pay. It seems like they focused a lot on the outdoors and not so much in the rooms, they were pretty standard hotel rooms. It was nice to have a balcony though. We enjoyed the lounge area on the ground floor-they had live music every night we stayed which was great. They have fire pits all over the hotel grounds to sit around and warm up on cooler nights. Overall it was a fun stay but not quite worth all the money.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>chunkMD
<Content>Great place for a conference I stayed here March 13-16 for a conference. The room I stayed in was huge with a king bed and a pull out sofa. The bathroom was as big as some hotel rooms that I have stayed at in the past with a seperate shower and nice sized tub.Had a nice sized balcony with 2 chairs and a small table. My view would have been of the pool except for the 2 palm trees that were blocking my view. If you had never seen a palm tree before, it would have been a great view. In the evening, outside of the Vista Lounge, a guitar player (or 2) did some nice folksy songs. I could actually hear it in my room with the balcony door closed. Nice music though.Something that confused me when I got there...I had heard that there was a charge to use the health club. There are actually 2 health clubs....one by the lazy river...that is open 24/7, and no charge. It's fair, but had everything I needed, so I used it. The other one (for which you pay) was in the Spa...it looked much nicer, but I didn't feel the need to have to use my money to go there.Food at the conference was very good. Used the carryout from the restaurant...?Blue Sage...that was great for bfast. Lots of great places to just sit and enjoy the scenery. Very peaceful and quiet when I was there.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saturncmc
<Content>Wow...talk about luxury! I recently attended a business meeting at this hotel. The hotel is gorgeous and the rooms are spectacular. Every room has a spacious balcony and the views are great. All rooms have seperate shower stalls, coffee makers and safes and the rooms are immaculate.The meeting rooms are spacious and the staff is so accommodating. The food in the restaurants is delicious, especially at Roy's Hawaiian Fusion.I did not have time to enjoy the pool, but it looked wonderful and there is actually a 'lazy river' that you can use a tube to float around in.All in all, it was a great time and I would probably come to this hotel for vacation.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MTVandendooren
<Content>What about the rooms?! Our family recently spent 2 nights at this hotel. Yes, the property is VERY nice - we paid a lot to stay, so that is to be expected. The negatives, however, speak for themselves. Firstly, the room itself was unimpressive in terms of decor/size, disappointing given the cost, but not a huge deal. Secondly, the FAN! The fan in our room was so incredibly noisy buzzing and clicking on and off, that we had to get up in the middle of the night to switch it off. Consequently, we had to sleep without air conditioning in an overly warm and stuffy room. Thirdly, we asked for a golf course view, and could juuuuuust barely make it out from our balcony on the 2nd floor of the hotel. We called and asked for a higher room, and were told they were 'fully committed', and that we couldn't have another room. Hard to believe given the hallways, restaurants, and pool areas were not busy at all during our stay. Fourth, the curtains did NOT cover the windows! That is, the curtain stopped at 1/4 of the way across the window, so we got full sunlight every morning, much to our dismay. And fifth, the music that they play in the pool area, courtyard etc., is soft and lovely..but it started each morning at 5AM! Do they really need to pump musak at 5AM!? Needless to say, it woke us up... The positives are that the staff were nice, the hotel itself is lovely, and the spa was great. I really wish they'd put more thought into the rooms - very disappointing. We had to go home to get a good nights' sleep. :(  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Theaxman
<Content>Something missing Arriving at the J.W. Marriott I was impressed by the entrance and beauty of the building and landscaping. My room was ready and check in was quick and easy. It is a walk to everywhere. The room was smaller than I expected. Is there a special on throw pillows. The bathroom was very appealing. However, a 29 in TV, you're kidding me. This is a resort, I don't even have 29 in tvs at home. There was no DVD player in the room which I would have expected. The rooms were also a little noisy for my taste. The grounds and facilities are stunning with the exception of the health club, which is mediocre. Why is it that Resort and Spas usually have poor health clubs? Maybe the belief is you're here to be lazy, if you want to sweat, go to Bally's The equipment was in bad condition and it just wasn't a good facility. The health club requires you to walk outside to get there (bad move). The pools were beautiful with a lazy river and walking path along side.The hotel is pretty isolated, but it is located in a relatively nice area with a huge shopping complex and strip mall within walking distance. We always ate dinner offsite at one of the restaurants, so I didn't have a chance to eat at the Resort. My wife said the Spa was first class and thought the prices were reasonable. There is also a golf course on the grounds (it's Phoenix). I would stay here again, but it probably wouldn't be my first choice in the Phoenix area. I've stayed in much better rooms for less money and better looking places. My wife and I went for a convention and spent a couple of extra days, but as soon we were leaving, another convention was moving in. Maybe that had to do with the coldness of the place. That may be what's missing.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>ExperiencedWarrior
<Content>Lived Up to High Expectations We were here for a 4 day weekend (President's Day) and had a great time! The rooms are large and the bathrooms spacious with nice amenities. The hotel offers a variety of recreational activites-spa, golf, tennis, pool, variety of restaurants. If that's not enough, a very large shopping center is across the road and free hotel shuttle transportation is provided. We used the golf and spa facilites as well as the pool area and found all to be great. There are 4 restaurants. The 3 we ate in were all excellent. All the staff members we came in contact with were polite and attentive. After reading some other reviews, our main concern prior to our visit was whether the hotel is relaxing or a convention hotel with a rude and noisy expense account crowd dominating. During our visit several groups had meetings but none seemed to interfer with the guests who were just there to relax.  Although it's a short outside walk outside to get to the health club and self parking is a 3-5 minute walk from the hotel, Phoenix weather is good most of the time so neither should be a serious issue.Overall, our visit was an experience we look forward to having again in the future![A large, separate exibition/convention hall is under construction and looks like it will be ready in summer or fall 2008. We trust that Marriott will ensure that convention business doesn't overwhelm the hotel and interfer with the guests paying their own way who expect to have access to the facilities at their convenience without being subjected to noise and overcrowding (if you think it might be a problem it might be wise to call and see what they have booked at the time you plan to be there ).]  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gracie27
<Content>Classy Place We went out to Phoenix for a girls spa trip from 2/15 through 2/18-just a quick weekend getaway. This hotel was wonderful-the grounds are beautiful, the staff is so helpful, the spa was one of the nicest I have ever been to, and the food was excellent. I will say they definetely focus on their conventions and it is a great resort for golfers...if you are looking to experience downtown Phoenix, I wouldn't recommend this place but for a nice, relaxing trip, convention, or golf outing, its perfect. We spent a lot of time across the street at the Desert Ridge Marketplace, eating and shopping and the Resort offers a complimentary shuttle service back and forth as well.Our room was on the top floor overlooking the front of the hotel-it was the perfect size for the three of us. And honestly the only complaint i have was that during the evening you could hear the lobby band playing from our room because the main hotel is set up like an atrium so many rooms overlook the lobby and noise carries, but we just put the tv on and went to sleep and it stopped at a decent hour, so it really wasn't a pain. The hotel was beautiful, I loved how they have the fruited water all over the place and they gave you a free starbucks coffee coupon every morning. They had nature walks along the trails and the fitness center was very nice (no one was really there). Besides the spa cafe, we did not eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel so I cannot comment on them. I would love to come back to this resort when its a little warmer and I can really enjoy the pool. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ScipioAfricanus
<Content>Institutional, Great Service, But Convention Oriented Hotel This is a huge, institutional convention resort. This is not a cozy place. It's huge and impersonal. The service was some of the best I've experienced in recent memory. The service was, in fact, so persistent it was actually annoying at times. For instance, we would recieve a call on our voice mail after every time room service was delivered, or extra towels were delivered, or after we asked for an extra pillow. While we appreciate their concern, it gets old after a week, multiple times a day. There was only 1 bar in the whole hotel, other than in the restaurants. There were conventions there when we stayed and the bar/lobby area was packed and unusable. Very disappointing and annoying for such a HUGE hotel.The bathtub in our room was unable to modulate the hot and cold water (it would either be scalding or freezing, not in between). We had engineering in there 2 times, which upon the 2nd time, they offered us a new room. It was our last day so we declined, but there was cerainly no offer to reduce the bill. We are from the Phoenix area and there are a lot of other great places to stay that have much better ambiance and faciities. The service was great but it couldn't save the cold, institutional feel of this convention oriented hotel.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Love2TravelTennessee
<Content>Rlaxing We came to the hotel through work. We absolutely enjoyed our stay. We felt the resort grounds were beautiful. The rooms were nice but not as exquisite as I thought they might be. This hotel is one not to miss!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>dukektown
<Content>Simply unexceptional       A fire pit to keep you warm outside  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>daisyhead21
<Content>Perfect For Christmas We took a family vacation to this resort for the Christmas holiday (2 parents  4 grown kids in our 20's). When we arrived we were warmly greeted by doormen  bellhops. The entrance was incredible  very welcoming. I am a self-described hotel snob and I was pleasantly surprised by how wonderful the resort was. The rooms were very clean  restocked with towels twice daily (morning  turn-down service). It was quite expansive, but just enough to feel like you had your own space. There were many little nooks where you could curl up with a book or take a nap in the sun  no one would know or care that you were there. The lobby had a nice bar  plenty of couches  tables to play card games on well into the night. There was live music every night - my only complaint is that they should have played later than 10 PM! I would recommend the Starbucks or Blue Sage Marketplace for breakfast. Although you are still going to pay $2 for a cookie, they are the only munchie place in the hotel. If you like healthy food eat at the Spa Bistro. It is open to everyone even if you don't use the spa. The food was very good  quite refreshing - - $9 for a healthy hamburger, not bad. We did eat at the Blue Sage restaurant for dinner  was not too happy with the service. All the other restaurants in the hotel were a bit out of our price range. I would recommend the Desert Ridge Marketplace across the street (nice walk, or catch the shuttle every 1/2 hour from the hotel). Although, it may look like a mall, there are not that many shops, but there are plenty of restaurants! We at at the Yard House. If you like beers, they have 84 on tap!!! They even put on our Packers for one of the football games!All in all, this would be my 1st pick of hotels if I was ever back in Phoenix. Contrary to some of the reviews on here (that had me a bit nervous before I went), this hotel is not business/conference centered. Yes, they have wonderful facilities for these events, but outside of that, it is all vacation  relaxation. If you go - have fun  check out the sunrises over the mountains - breath-taking!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>joparke
<Content>Would return again! Phoenix, Az is one of the best places in the USA I have been to for relaxation, site seeing and adventure. I found the hotel location ideal and the staff extremely friendly and ready to assist, with genuine concerns. The reception desk staff was very friendly and quick, the room service was timely, valet parking staff was quick and pleasant and queries on my bill was handled professionally and without hassle.The Spa is just about the best thing at this hotel. It is a must visit for all. I had the ultimate package and my four different therapists were all great (Ask for Daniel from Sweden to do your massage). Lunch at the spa bistro was healthy but tasty (a very good combo) - do try the crab timbale and organic roasted chicken. I do not complain about prices for in-room dining or at the restaurants at hotels, because we all know they are more than usual, so there is no need to complain. There are several options around if someone does not want to eat there. My only comment is although the service at the Meritage Steakhouse (at the golf club) was good, the food wasn鈥檛 the best (it was good but certainly not in the region of the cost) try instead Capital Grille - Scottsdale or Ruth's Chris Steak House - Phoenix. I would certainly go back again and I am considering a timeshare here. Do check the usual internet sites for good package deals and/or call the hotel directly. My only complaint was that houskeeping did not replace all the items used e.g. shower cap, cotton etc. however, that was not a big issue for me.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>poopsyhop
<Content>Loved this resort! We cannot say enough about this resort. it was quite cold while we were there so we did not use all that it offers but the outside jacuzzi is great. The room was spacious with a very nice bathroom. Very deep tub which I like. We ate at Roy's which was fantastic. Try the lobster dumplings and the trio for the entree. I had take out from Sage which was pretty good as well. we did not have a chance to try the Italian.We also had room service which was very good. We took a day trip to Sedona which I would highly recommend. It is absolutely beautiful and charming there. The sunset by the airport is a breathtaking. It is a must do if you go. It takes about an hour and half to get there from the resort.The husband golfed at the Palmer course at Wildfire and he enjoyed it very much. The after 1 p.m. $85 rate was a real bargain. We also took advantage of the spa. The steam room was the best I have seen. Also enjoyed lunch around the very quiet spa pool. A wonderful day! We ventured to Camelback and the Phoenician but we found Desert Ridge to be newer, fresher and just had more Wow effect. We have no complaints about our time here and we'll definitley go back.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sabrinacat
<Content>Like being on a tropical island-loved it. We stayed here for a few days prior to heading to Yuma for the Thanksgiving Holiday. It was 86 degrees (unusually warm for this time of year), so we lucked out. The pools were awesome, the service at the pool could have been a bit better, you had to flag someone down all the time to get food and drinks. The lazy river was so relaxing and warm! Beware Marriott reward members, if you eat at Roy's you do not get points! That is the only restaurant that will not give you Marriott points. The room was ok, a bit small, but the view was great overlooking the entire property. We were very comfortable there and would definetly go back!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>RNY
<Content>Beautiful Setting We stayed at the Desert Ridge for one night in early December. It is a beautiful, well maintained resort. We weren't able to use the pools or tour the grounds because we were there during a two day heavy rain event (1.5 inches) - unusual for the desert setting. The resort is huge. The map that guests are given is one dimensional for a multi-dimensional facility. We've used maps to travel extensively but this map wasn't helpful. Even the desk clerk was confused by it and indicated the wrong wing for our room location. Since it was pouring outside we decided to use the fitness center but we never found it. The map didn't indicate how to access it and three staff members (two in suits and one in a uniform) that we asked didn't know either. One suited staff person finally told us how to get there but it was down a walkway outsde the hotel - in the pouring rain. It seemed really odd that there was no way to access the fitness center from inside the building. Adjacent to the resort is a Marriott time share facility which looks very nice. At the J.W. there are people trying to sell you a time share tour but they aren't pushy about it. The time shares have access to the J.W. restaurants and pools, although they have their own, so it could be a pleasant place to spend a week. We ate at the Tuscany Restaurant. The service and the food were excellent. The ambiance was very pleasant. It's an upscale restaurant geared toward adults. I wouldn't bring children to it. As usual at Marriott resorts, it was pricey but not outrageous and worth it for a special treat. Even with a few glitches the J.W. was a beautiful resort. If you want a big resort with lots of outdoor activities (and you think the weather will cooperate during your visit) this is a good choice.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>goanna
<Content>Very nice. This is a very nice resort. The rooms are clean and well appointed, the staff very curteous, and the outdoor surroundings are beautiful and serene. I tagged along with my husband while he attended conference meetings.It was a little too cool to swim, but the pool is gorgeous and appearsto be well kept. There are lots of pleasant spots where you can sit and relax with a book and a snack. The walking/running paths are great! I attended a watercolor workshop that the hotel offers.. Wow, what a great experience. The watercolorist was a great teacher and wonderful artist!I heard from other guests that the costs of the spa treatments was a little steep. But, hey, when you are on vacation..I ate at the breakfast buffet one morning and I didn't think it was worth the $$. It was good, but I have had much better breakfast buffets for much less. There are a lot of nice places to eat off property for breakfast....Overall, I think it's a very nice place to stay. I would go there again.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Midnite13
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the Marriott Desert Ridge in mid-November. Upon arrival, we checked in and were given a room on the 6th floor overlooking the botanical gardens, golf course and distant mountains. There was a small table and two chairs on the balcony. The room was clean and we had plenty of towels for our use. The shower stall tiles were a bit slippery and uneven. The beds were comfy and we had our choice of four pillows, two each of foam and feather.The ice machine was down the hall in an enclosed area and the free laundy (including detergent) was on the 4th floor.The only suggestion I would have is a screen for the sliding glass door. Coming from New England, I would have loved to keep the screen door closed and let the desert breeze in during the night.Staff in both the shops and restaurants were accommodating and gracious. The buffet breakfast is very expensive but there is a good variety. Lunch was busy but not a long wait - about 20 minutes. I put my name in coming back from the pool and went up to the room to change. When I came back, my table was waiting.Note there is a mall around the corner from this property and the hotel offers a free shuttle bus. There are restaurants, grocery store and a CVS there. Stock up on snacks and soda at these stores. We bought a case of water at CVS for the cost of a bottle at the Marriott.The grounds are beautiful and the lazy river was relaxing. I didn't have time to try the other pools but there were only a few people in one of the four other pools. The lobby area throughout the day and night was very busy and the the downstairs lobby bar area was very noisy in the evening. As mentioned in previous reviews, this hotel caters to a lot of meetings and conventions. However, every staff member greeted us with a smile. The concierge gave us great maps - better than Hertz. There is an onsite Hertz rental car service at the hotel which we used. Book ahead of time and be prepared to wait to get your car - it was about 30-40 minutes for us to get the keys for the vehicle.Would I stay there again - maybe. Nothing wrong with this hotel but I've stayed at other properties in Phoenix/Scottsdale which I felt had better amenities for about the same cost.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Impsdlight
<Content>Desert Oasis Loved it! This was one of the best resorts I've ever stayed at. The rooms are wonderfull, but the views are breathtaking. I especially enjoyed all of the water features scattered around the property.There is enough to do that you could stay on the property your entire trip. The local area has lots of attractions nearby. Everything from hiking to shopping to gambling.We had great cocktails and sushi at Roy's, even if they are a little pricey. I would highly reccomend this resort!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chuckawala
<Content>Wildfire Golf Last weekend I spent two nights at the Desert Ridge. It was an excellent choice for a getaway golf weekend with friends. We spent the first day hitting Dave and Busters--- a billiard, game, bowling and bar across the way due to the rain.Cons:The hotel was huge, far larger than my impression. Hotel valet parking was a shocker, $24 per nite. We used the free self park and it only took 3 minutes to walk to. They were tearing up sod in the central viewing area for some reason. The hotel hallway was damp with rug cleaners and blowers working, not sure why but it was cleared out the next day.Pros: Great choice of dining on site, but make reservations ahead. The gym was small but well equipped, sort of out of the way near the pool. It also did not have a connecting rest room, which was rather odd. The lobby is impressive and it was decked out in holiday decor. Spa on site, but I did not use it.Dinner was at Roy's at the hotel, very good service and food.Breakfast at Blue Sage was excellent, though pricey.We golfed at Wildfire, a Palmer designed course. It was fabulous fro 18 holes and my friend from back east enjoyed it. Going with afternoon rates and a hotel dscount was a bonus.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>By_His_Grace
<Content>Very Friendly  We were there for a professional meeting. We were impressed by the friendliness of the helpful staff throughout the hotel that provided us with a very enjoyable stay. We didn't have time to take part in any of the resort activities so we can't comment on them.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>chantiebelle
<Content>Absolutely Lovely! We had a lovely suite with for our family (including two young children) just after Thanksgiving. The grounds and facilities are absolutely beautiful and well maintained. The bedding was about the most comfortable I've ever had at a hotel, with feather pillows  duvets on the beds (and the murphy bed in the living room!). All food outlets provided outstanding food and service. Restaurants reviewed separately, although we visited all restaurants in the hotel, plus room service (which was fairly quick and yummy also).Lots of organized activities over a holiday weekend. Our six and three year old girls participated in a morning storytime with a sweet Mother Goose storyteller, complete with balloon animals and sweet treats. Really a highlight of our stay.Even though we stayed during the first cold (under 70 degree) weekend of the year, we enjoyed the pool. It was gorgeous, and the kids really enjoyed all of the wildlife that came to enjoy the environment too (bunnies, roadrunners, quail).Spa was wonderful too. Had a pretty average reflexology treatment, and a wonderful massage as part of a pretty nice (but short on lavender) Lavender body treatment. It was too bad that I could hear cars honking outside the treament room. Otherwise a lovely experience. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>gahlisary
<Content>Category Killer Came out to Desert Ridge with my dad for a week of RR, golf, biking, exploring, relaxing, etc...Have to say this is a wonderful resort. Beautiful facade, lobby, hallways, guestrooms and the wonderfully comfortable Marriott Revive bed. Overall place has a very upscale, stylish, new look and feeling. Have to say though that the location may be a minus. This is the extreme far north of Phoenix and about 30 mins from Camelback Road, downtown Scottsdale, and downtown Phoenix. It's more of an escape. Played the Faldo course at Wildfire which was wonderful and rented bikes from the hotel and biked up north to Cave Creek and than around some of the suburban neighborhoods. Two of the restaurants, Blue Sage and the Marketplace were closed for renovation when we where there, but I did enjoy some drinks and appetizers at Vista Lounge in the lobby. A+ place. Loved it!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spterry
<Content>Great Experience!! We stayed @ the Desert Ridge from 10/29-11/2/07  had a wonderful time. We have fallen in love with AZ  love it! We were treated with great respect  tremendous concern the entire time we were at Desert Ridge. The food was great! It is pricey, but part of it was convenience. It was great to order a burger by the pool  have it delivered. We wanted to treat ourselves  we certainly received it.Lots of Pros~nice room, great service, onsite free washer/dryer (don't have to pack as much!)  lots of activities. I did the early morning walk @ the Spa, was very invigorating  fun. Not the desert walk as anticipated but fun. The Spa was great, pricey, but no more than any other Resort Spa. There is oncare childcare but I would not take children here, this is a resort for adults to enjoy, very peaceful.Cons~The only complaint was a problem with connecting with the internet. It is NOT FREE, but was free @ the SpringHill Suites that I stayed at the night before???? It also worked @ S.H.Suites! It did not work in my room @ D.R., IBAHN reps indicated it was my computer that needed an updated form of software. But it work on IBAHN at the S.H. Suites  not on IBAHN @ Desert Ridge. The D.R. has many conventions/meetings. I think a real negative is the internet issue. You can't have the number of people in the hotel for business or otherwise  have internet problems.I also had additional charges on my bill. Because of this website, I checked my bill half way thru my stay  again the night before. I immediately contacted the desk  had the charges removed (phone calls, internet service, see above). Don't let this keep you from going to one of the most wonderful vacations I have ever had!!! The Desert Ridge is great!!!I would return in a heartbeat!!! Eat @ Roy's!! Put your feet up  enjoy!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Innov8ive
<Content>Beautiful I recently stayed at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort  Spa Phoenix for a medical conference. Let me start by saying that this place is magnificent!! The scenery was spectacular and the grounds were well maintained. The rooms were nice and cozy with modern day d茅cor. The bathrooms were contemporary and spacious with large showers for two. The restaurants located on the premise were a bit pricey ($20 for hamburger  fries), but the food was very delicious. The staff was at your beck and call. The pool scene offered everything you could imagine or want (multiple pools, water falls, hot tub, lazy river, torch fountain, and even a small water slide). The location was also great as there was a shopping complex with many restaurants and attractions directly across the street from the resort. Although I was there for business, I was certainly able to enjoy a great deal of pleasure. I only had one negative situation to occur, which had been previously reported by another reviewer. After leaving the resort, I just so happened to check my credit card statement (as advised by another reviewer who had a similar situation), which revealed a $2 phone charge. First of all, I never used the phone in the room. Secondly, I found out that the call  fee was placed after I had checked out and cleared my bill. I had to jump through a few hoops to prove my innocence (when it comes to hotel fees, you are guilty until proven innocent) and eventually get the charge removed. I believe that it was a honest mistake on Marriott鈥檚 part, however these post-check-out charges that show up on your credit card statement seems to be a recurring theme. So I would advise everyone that after having a fabulous time at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort  Spa, check your bill and statement for a possible unexpected surprise.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nancyb19
<Content>Fun in Arizona The hotel has a wonderful atmosphere. The staff was friendly and helpful. The landscaping was magnificent and very peaceful. I enjoyed the overall experance. I also played a game of tennis durning my stay. It was a little over priced, but the courts where nice. The room was very cool. it had everything I needed except a fridge but it was brought to me when I asked. The pool was very nice. The lazy river was a nice touch and very relaxing. The only down side to the pool was it never got over 5' deep. Restaurant was okay.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Simbathebigpoodle
<Content>nice hotel and spa The hotel staff is great. The rooms are nice and large. The spa is really wonderful! I spent a week at this hotel for a convention. Their convention staff is A+++It can be a bit expensive to eat at the hotel, but you can go across the street for a short walk to an outdoor mall area with several restaurants.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>richr000
<Content>Great hotel/resort This is a beautiful hotel with first class restaurants and recreation. There is a large shopping area right across the street (including an In and Out Burger when you have had enough of first class dining at the hotel!!!The swimming pool area is very nice, even features a lazy river. No free high speed Internet is my only criticism about Marriott properties.There's a Starbucks in the hotel, what more could you want.I hope to stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nylads2
<Content>Not best for young children This is a beautiful resort and we enjoyed time there. However, with kids 6 and 4 we never felt comfortable. The furniture in the room had sharp corners and plenty of places to pinch little fingers. There were a number of people drinking a bit too much by the lazy river late in the afternoon as well. We ended up moving to the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak where we had been the previous year and that's where we'll go from now on.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Becca_C
<Content>Beautiful and serene landscaping, atmosphere not so relaxing       Pool  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Venturagal
<Content>SPA is A+...Hotel is C+ Ok. I am going to try to give some traveler some tips that will be helpful. We were flying in from out of state and needed an early check in. The hotel had agreed to this prior. We arrived at the hotel at 10 am (yes..i know...early). So, the room was not ready and we were fine with this. We checked our bag in and went to the pool. The pool was not anything great. The service was below average and we finally went to the bar to get our own drinks and food. AFter that, we never saw a waitperson again (or one that would actually do something). AFter flying and laying at the pool, i checked back in with the front desk at 1 (no room), 2 (no room), etc...finally my BF was mad and talked to the manager. Apparentely my boyfriend had booked a suite and the last peope had checked out late. We downgraded to a normal room just to check in. That kind of sucked for us looking for a much needed vacation.I found there to be tons of Marriott employees who walk around and smile and act helpful...but they are NOT helpful. It is like a bunch of robots walking around with fake shells. We ordered room service that night b/c we were exhausated and needed rest. The food came in a reasonable amount of time and the staff was fine. 20% gratutity was already added to our bill so we did not feel the need to tip her twice (i know we all have different opinions on this). The staff person left our room and CALLED us, asking why we had not tipped her?? Can you imagine?? We also did not receive housecleaning during our stay which i think is a nice hotel faux pas.Here is my big tip. Go to the adjacent spa. It is the best that i have ever been to. The staff are wonderful and the deep tissue massages are to die for (ask for susana). AFter the massage, you have access to the relaxing sauna, jacuzzi, etc and it is so relaxing. The spa has it's own pool away from the hotel that is A+. Very small, cushioned chairs, excellent food/beverage service,etc. Go the spa, get a treatment and stay there! Forever. Go to Spa pool and do not look back at the crummy Marriott pool. This hotel is designed for familes and for business travelers. There are conferences going on everywhere and there is no room for just the vacationer. It is a stressful feeling and everyone is walking around with conference badges. I was not impressed by anything but the spa. However, Roy's restaurant in the hotel is good and i would eat there again.I later learned that my BF was going to propose that trip but due to all of the problems has decided to wait for a better time. I hope that tells you all something.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>5luvcaribe
<Content>what lovely views.....lacks a little for the family vacationers!! Our family of five recently visited the JW for a few days upongoing to our destination in Sedona. Although, the hotel isbeautifully landscaped and the views are magnificent this onelacks in service and is not very family oriented. Believe the reviews when people say this is geared more towards the business travelers with alot of conferences going on. It madeit hard to feel relaxed with all those corporate badges and people always doing business. The hotel definitely catersto this and these people get the better service. They being thebusiness people also look at you like what are you doing bringing your small children here to vacation? What made a difference in our stay was that they do have a nice lazy river for children with a slide and my boys also enjoyed the basketball nets at the other pools. Also, we ate at Roy's onour final night and they truly were wonderful! Kudos to their staff and their food was excellent. Thank you Roy's for lettingus end the trip on a remarkable note! Be aware also that thisis supposed to be a JW and the linens are not the best. Although, the room was clean the linens were awful (most ofthe towels were not very white but dingy gray and the bed sheets were worn with even little tears). We went to the breakfast at Blue Sage one morning...I was very irritated thatthe table was not clean and that the chairs were not wiped .The booster seat they gave my daughter was disgusting also.I hate to be picky but you can get this at an IHOP......and this is a JW! Do yourself a favor and if you are a family try the Camelback they are so much more service oriented and it has a much better feel for families. We have stayed at alot of Marriott's top resorts and also Ritz's and we were a littledisappointed with this one. We will definitely go back to theCamelback with our next travels to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and by the way, if your travels take you to Sedona don'thesitate to stay at the Enchantment /Mii Spa Resort this is truly a fantastic resort and you will be amazed atthe views!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>kayleigh_k
<Content>Excellent once again Never fails to deliver each time I have stayed. Apart from some building work - my stay was faultless.The service was excellent - a little bit slow around the pool at the weekend - had to wait a full 90 mins between offers to get me a drink (ended up going to the bar myself).Rooms were as clean and very comfy - putting white bed clothes on the bed always gives me confidence.They have removed the PC's from the rooms which I really liked - please bring them back - they allowed cheap and easy access to the net - the price charged by Fedex (40c per min) was high in my view.The three pools is an excellent idea - the kids tend to gather around the big one - leaving the other two a bit quieter for those wanting to relax.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>feelnopain
<Content>Great, with one important exception... I stayed here for a professional and conference and generally enjoyed the experience. Rooms were nice, comfortable, with spacious bathrooms and I suspect there isn't a bad view in the place. Pool area was fantastic and not at all crowded. On site dining was excellent, although the lobby bar was absurdly overpriced. The conference facilities and food presentations were also excellent. The only issue was in service, particularly the disconnect between a remarkably responsive front desk and an apathetic housekeeping staff. The room got cleaned, but the attention to detail that you would expect at a resort of this calibe (or lower) was lacking. When I checked in, the clock on my nightstand was missing and one of the bedsheets was torn -- not anything to ruin the trip, but certainly annoying when you arrive late at night after a delayed flight and have to wait for the front desk to send up an alarm clock so you don't sleep through an early morning meeting. Throughout the stay, little details were always missed like removing the used towels but not replacing them or forgetting to empty the ice bucket. I admit that this are minor, but if you want to claim to be a five-star resort were guest can relax and unwind, they shouldn't have to deal with these annoyances.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	5	4	3	

<Author>lrnyn
<Content>Excellent This was my second time here, the first was soon after it had first opened. Not much has changed, it is an excellent deluxe resort in every way...rooms, pools, service, and location. I've stayed at several deluxe resorts in Scottsdale and this I think is probably the best. Can't find much to complain about. If anything, I would say the fitness center is not quite up to the standards of the other parts of the hotel. Would definitely come back.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gus_Sanchez
<Content>Wonderful facility and overall experience! We have just returned from a week at the JW Desert Ridge Spa and Resort. The hotel is magnificent! The on-premises lazy river was on par with anything you'd find at a commercial water park (except much better - just a short walk from your hotel room).The service was really good. The only reason I hesitated in a 5-star rating is that we had a few housekeeping issues (conditioner vs. hand lotion). Unfortunately, the cleaning crew put a bottle of hand lotion in the shower and my wife used a glob of it on her hair! We had a few calls with management but they followed up and we resolved the issue amicably. Then, the next day, we had a few more, minor issues with towels, etc.. Again, we spoke with management and resolved the issue. - I'm not usually a nitpicker or complainer, but these little things, when added up, can be quite annoying. Anyway, that's the only reason I held off on the 5-stars. Otherwise, the staff was extremely friendly, pleasant and helpful. I used the Vacation Planner services, ahead of my stay, for booking a Grand Canyon tour with DeTours.Com. Which, by the way, was an awesome experience! Highly recommended! A bit more pricey (for a family of 4) than renting a car and going about it yourself, but, believe me, it's a bit of a haul, and you won't come anywhere close to the entertainment and learning value of going with an experienced guide. In our case, that was Bernie. He was great. We were also convinced to take the Maverick helicopter tour over/inside the canyon. That was an additional $232 per head and not an expense I had planned - but, again, highly recommended! - Anyway, the free vacation planning service offered by the resort was great! Use it!I also used the matching services of the Tennis Center, to find either other guests or local/community residents for a game. They found me a great partner from the community. Unfortunately, for me, I had to stop playing after the first set. The Pheonix sun was simply too much to be reckoned with (and this was at 8am)! Though I was keeping hydrated, I felt I was simply overheating. Didn't want to risk having to leave the resort in an ambulance ;-) I think evening play would have been a better choice (or at least doubles, where you don't have to work as hard).As you may have read in other posts, the food was kind of pricey. But, the phrase you get what you pay for does apply. The $12 Cobb salad could easily serve 3-4 people. The $10 Kokopelli Colada was extremely tasty and plentiful. I had breakfast at the Blue Sage restaurant on my first day and took advantage of the $21 buffet. Everything was absolutely delicious! Other days, we simply bought bagels or breakfast pasteries at either Starbucks (on premises) or the little counter outside Blue Sage. That wasn't so bad (pricey). I did not have dinner at any of the hotel restaurants, but, my friend (who was attending a trade show there) did have dinner at Roy's with a client. He absolutely LOVED his dinner there and highly recommends the restaurant.Finally, having read other readers' posts, I went ahead and booked a limo for our trip to/from the airport. As opposed to using SuperShuttle at $20/head ($80 in my case for a family of 4), I conducted an Internet search and chose First Class Executive Limo due to their (Barry's) quick and personal response. The experience was excellent! My kids were impressed with the driver holding up our name as we arrived at the airport (which, by the way, was about 90 minutes later than planned). The driver, Mary, was very friendly and patient. The car was a 2007 Town Car - spotlessly clean and absolutely beautiful! Barry kept all my charges on the credit card, including gratuity, and I didn't have to deal with having correct change, etc. It certainly was a first class experience at an almost 20% savings in cost!What can I say. This was, absolutely, the best facility in which I've stayed/vacationed. I don't normally like to vacation in the same spots (variety is the spice of life) but, believe you me, if I come back to the Phoenix/Scottsdale/Sedona area, I would absolutely return to the JW Desert Ridge! If anyone has any questions feel free to write me. Happy trails!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Dancer30
<Content>Fantastic       Vista Lounge in the evening  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DCKathy
<Content>Fantastic beds, good food This is a fantastic hotel. Service was terrific. The beds are wonderful: very soft featherbeds that I could just sink into and not want to leave. The food at Roys was very good, especially the Disassembled Banana Pie dessert. It's a little far from downtown, but it's right next to a mall, which expands the food options to some more basic, less expensive places, like BJ's and an Asian Bistro. There's also a lovely wave pool with innertubes for floating. It's a very big place; so there's lots of walking to get from one side to another. I'd love to come back and see the spa and try that.My only complaint is that a hotel of this size should have more than two computers in the business center, which was run by FedEx Kinko's. At 40 cents a minute, surely they'd recover the cost in a month. While the gift shop is terrific, I think they can expand the business center a little into the gift shop and add a computer or two. It's very frustrating to have to wait to get on a computer when a big convention is going on.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Glenn39
<Content>Check Your Bill Nice grounds, enjoyable stay, but you MUST check your bill before leaving the hotel. I was on a package which gave me $100 in resort credit (food, golf, tennis...) and when I went to check out on the hotel's video checkout, the credit was not there. I called the front desk, and the agent REFUSED to credit my account. I was told that I must personally go to the front desk and ask for the credit; otherwise I would not be receiving it. I felt like I was a victim of fraud. I was entitled to the credit. I talked to two different people about this, and the response was the same. Apparently this hotel wants its guests to beg for what they are entitled to. Marriott needs to change its policy. Also, if Marriott wants its JW brand to be considered top-of-the-line, it should deliver newspapers to the rooms on weekends.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MPWheart
<Content>Loved the Peaceful setting We stayed July 13-18, 2007. Beautiful hotel and resort. Pools and lazy river were wonderful with a beautiful Arizona backdrop. We loved the desert bunnies in the back yard. Great ammenities and staff. Would highly recommend this resort  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BBAZTempe
<Content>Mixed Bag... We like to take 'local' trips every year, and we enjoy water parks. We normally stay at the Pointe South Mountain. As they are going through a remodel, we decided to stay somewhere new. We selected the JW Desert Ridge Marriott, as it has a lazy river attraction (which we really enjoy). The trip had highs and lows. Highs:* quick check in* VERY friendly and customer oriented staff - EVERYONE on the property was helpful and friendly. Probably the best customer orientated staff I have ever seen* Excellent on site food. The Blue Sage was great for dinner, and the breakfast buffet, while pricey at $21, offered some of the best tasting food we have had. * At your service. This 24 hour line offered quick support on our needs - no room directory in the room, getting internet access, correcting some errors in our bill, issues with our pay per view TV. * Plenty of pool chairs with pitchers of ice water everywhereLows:* Pay per view movies didn't work. Engineer spent over 1 1/2 hours to try to fix the first night, but couldn't get it fixed until the next day.* Lazy river - closed the first day due to a storm. Once opened, it was nice, but not as nice as the Pointe. Mixed:* The room was 'ok'. Nothing special* The heavenly beds got mixed reviews. As my husband is big, my stepdaughter and I shared one bed, while he had the other. He said it was the best hotel bed he EVER slept in. We hated it! We both woke with stiff necks and backs. * A bit more pricey than some of the other local resortsWhile we had a good time, I'm not sure we would return. The water features were good, but not comparable to the Pointe South Mountain.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>beachiemom
<Content>Loved this place! I can't say enough good things about this resort! I stayed here w/my two daughters (ages 11 and 12) and my husband. It is beautiful! The service was wonderful, the pools were great, especially the lazy river! Service and food were very good. The room was very comfortable and our view was incredible! I wish we could have stayed longer. I would definitely return! Location was very convenient to shopping and entertainment right down the road!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Betsy099
<Content>beautiful property, service is mediocre Our family, which includes my husband and me, a 17 yr-old daughter and 13-year old son, stayed at the J.W. Desert Ridge on our way home from the Grand Canyon to relax for one night before our flight home. We chose this hotel because of the numerous pools on the property. Unfortunately, when we arrived the pool was closed due to weather (some wind and a slightly dark sky) The pool later opened but the lazy river and all outside services remained closed. We were disappointed in that there was no casual restaurant on the property. We settled for Blue Sage, which was serving a a greek buffet. The food was good, but we were looking for a sandwich menu and did not want to leave the property for dinner. After dinner we sat at an outdoor sitting/bar area, but were never approached by a waiter, so we left. The lobby and pool area are very spacious and beautiful. Rooms and bathrooms are newly decorated and comfortable. The beds were very soft and made-up with warm, heavy comforters--not a good choice when the temperature is 115 outside! The hotel caters to weddings and conventions. We enjoyed our one-night stay, but were disappointed in the service.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mel.w
<Content>A nice Marriott! We have recently stayed at this hotel- first time visitors to this particular Marriott -and found it most impressive. One thing that immediately struck - this is a LARGE hotel- much more so that suggested by websites etc. Whilst we were there - mid June - it was busy throughout, and seemed to have a mixture of business and leisure guests, although it was obvious that it is heavily used and promoted for business users. Rooms were very pleasant - all had balconies - and nicely decorated, if just a little lacking in table/ storage space -no drawers of any consequence, and one large table. A minor matter that caused no inconvienience tho. The bed was superb - extremely comfortable. Bathroom amenities/ turndown service/ housekeeping all of high standard. The pool areas, as discussed within this forum, are without doubt, the highlight of the property. No problems in finding lounger space- even tho the hotel was full. We only ate at tthe Blue Sage for breakfast, and had no complaints there. As seems to be common with a lot of Marriott properties, there is the usual time-share / condo sell, with representatives and desks evident - even messages left on the phone to come down and see us ! As stated - this is a large hotel, as a consequence, lots of car parking space required - be aware, it is a good 5-10 minute walk from parking the car to getting in the hotel, although there were some eager valets available should you wish.Overall- I was more than happy to have chosen Desert Ridge, with no substantial complaints at all.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>purple_phantom
<Content>Sparkling property, but watch out for the hard sell! I just returned from four nights at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge. The hotel and rooms were beautiful. We had a room with 2 double beds, and while not huge, it was comfortably sized, and the bathroom is spacious and nicely appointed.The beds were very comfortable, and even with the soaring temperatures, the air conditioning worked well and was pretty quiet.This hotel has over 900 rooms, so you can imagine how large it is. We chose to self-park, not to save money but because I like the convenience of coming and going on a whim, being able to access things stored in the car, etc. The only problem with the free self-parking is that there are not adequate spaces, and you have to walk probably 1/4 to 1/2 a mile from the parking lots to the hotel. By the time you reach the lobby, you are practically suffering from heat exhaustion! Fortunately they have dispensers of cold water and iced tea in the lobby area.When we checked in, I was given a letter outlining the benefits of my Silver Elite membership. It's not a big deal to be in this category (only requires 10 nights per year or that you have a Marriott Visa card!) The letter said we could visit the Marriott Canyon Villas desk in the lobby to receive a deluxe postcard set. Of course, they want to sell you a membership in these timeshares. We also received a scratch-off lottery ticket upon check-in, that had to be scratched at the, guess where, Canyon Villas desk to see if you won some Marriott points.The icing on the cake was the recorded message we received on our last day, thanking us for staying with them. I thought what a nice touch until I kept listening to the message, which went on to offer us a great rate on a return visit ... of course you must book this through the Canyon Villas to see if you're eligible, etc! They just couldn't give up that last opportunity to try and sell something. Would definitely have been nicer if they had just thanked us for our patronage ... period!We didn't eat in any of the hotel restaurants, since there are so many wonderful choices in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. It was great having a Starbucks on-site, but keep in mind that like most hotel-located Starbucks, they close around 8 p.m.All in all I would recommend the location because it was clean and beautiful, but just wanted to give a heads up about the parking situation and timeshare overkill.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>SDTraveler1
<Content>Review from a Convention Attendee I stayed here recently for a Convention (size: 600 people). Pay the $25 to valet park your car...the free parking lot is quite a hike in the heat. The hotel appears to be less than 5 years old, up to date, and well-appointed. The lobby is beautiful with water fountians that add much-needed moisture to the dry desert air. I loved the complimentary ice water and iced tea in the lobby - it was great after arriving from the heat outside. Check in was easy and the front desk staff were pleasant. All requests made via phone to the Marriott at Your Service desk were met promptly and accurately. (I requested additional face cloths and hangers). The Marriott at Your Service staff made follow-up calls to my room to ensure my requests had been adequately satisfied - a nice touch! My room had 2 beds because a King room was not available at the time I made my reservation. I moved to a King room for the last night of my stay. The King room is the same size as the double, but with more room to move around in due to there being one less bed. Both of my rooms faced out towards the Lazy River and pool, but the windows/walls were thick enough that I couldn't hear noise from those enjoying themselves outside. The bathroom was stocked with nice upgraded Artifact toilietries, not the usual Marriott items. The bathroom was pretty, but strange in that it had a small, glass-enclosed stand-up shower with separate bathtub. This was a meaningful detail to me because it is next to impossible to shave your legs in the shower...no place to put your foot up. The bathroom also had a strange absence of towel bars. My least favorite thing about the room was the fact that the carpet left my bare feet dirty, even though it looked clean. Yuck! The convention rooms were nice and it was fabulous to have a Starbucks on the property. I didn't get a chance to enjoy the Lazy River, but I heard lots of good things about it. My biggest complaint about this property was that it was very understaffed at a time when there were more than 3 conventions going on at the same time, especially in the evenings. For example, there was only one cocktail server working in the lobby lounge (at times there were more than 50 guests in the lounge) in the evenings and she nastily told everyone who arrived to get in line at the bar. The line at the bar was so long that it took a minimum of 25 minutes to get a drink. The hotel has a complimentary shuttle that runs every 30 minutes to the shopping center across the street. In the 110+ degree heat, we were glad we didn't have to walk over. I ate lunch at the Blue Sage (very good chicken quesadilla prepared the traditional way our server suggested, not the strange inside-out way described on the menu). We also had brunch at the Blue Sage on Sunday. The brunch buffet was a zoo, so we ordered off the menu. When our items took more than a 20 minutes to arrive, our server suggested that we get some fruit from the buffet to enjoy until our entrees arrived. This hotel has the potential to be a 4 star hotel, if they improve the consistency of their service.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	5	2	2	

<Author>MelTheBee
<Content>Unbelivable This place deserves the 5 star rating more than any other. It was gorgeous, immaculate. The staff were almost a little scary in how attentive they were (only because I'm not used to good service I guess). We came with a company function so maybe I'd be a bit more critical if I had to pay the $500 per night. There's really not much to critisize. The pool scene was amazing. We did so much floating down the lazy river pool in those inner tubes with drinks in our hands, it was paradise!!! The room was gorgeous. Overall, I was impressed with everything about this hotel. The location isn't very central though if you plan on being able to get around quickly. Other than that, it was perfect!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ajh169
<Content>great resort for business or pleasure I have stayed at several resorts in the Phoneix area, but I think this one is my new favorite. The lobby is spacious and inviting--the perfect place to share a conversation or a drink, or relax and read on a couch. All of the staff were kind and generous, and the rooms were clean and decent sized with balconies and bright and spacious bathrooms. The rooms were pretty quiet, and the beds were comfortable. The conference facilities were very nice, as was the pool, lazy river, and spa. I think I like the spa facilities at the Phonecian better, but the services here at the Revive spa were superior. All of the food was good (especially Roy's and room service), but it was difficult to get vegetarian fare, and service at the Blue Sage restaurant was hit or miss. Still, I had a great stay and plan on returning.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>alexk50
<Content>Great Conference Hotel Stayed June 24 to June 27 for a conference. The rooms were large and clean. All had a balcony. The service was great except for Blue Sage where the service was horrible, not one order was correct.The common areas were beautiful.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>BayAreaTraveler2
<Content>Great pool area, rather pricey At roughly $175 through Priceline at the end of March (versus about $450 on their website), the JW Marriott was worth it. But paying 鈥渞etail鈥?would not be a good value in my book.The large, well-maintained and manicured property has a very impressive multi-story lobby, and is surrounded by a golf course. There鈥檚 a Starbucks onsite that overlooks a desert botanical garden. But the highlight by far is the pool area. There are several pools, including one for lap swimming, one mostly for kids, and a 鈥渓azy river鈥?for hotel-provided inflatable tubes. You鈥檙e not allowed to bring food into the pool area, but the food they sell in that area is high quality and not shockingly priced given the setting.The property would be great for a wedding or a business meeting, and of course was great for relaxation by the pool. If you aren鈥檛 there for pool, golf, or a major function though, this resort may not be for you. The rooms were standard business hotel 鈥?nothing particularly special about them. The property is near a major shopping center with plenty of restaurants, but other than that, it鈥檚 rather far (20-30 minutes) from downtown Phoenix and Scottsdale attractions.Bottom line 鈥?if you鈥檙e looking for poolside relaxation, or have a function to attend, this is a good bet. Otherwise, there are more centrally located locations and/or more reasonably priced alternatives that you may want to look at.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Summer1982
<Content>Loved everything but Roy's My family and I stayed at the the hotel last week June 14 to the 19th. Everything was perfect with the hotel service - everything that you expect from a JW. Our conciege , Kelcey, made every dinner and spa reservation for us helping us out tremendously. I had even ordered a cheese platter to be delievered after we checked into our room and it was delievered as promised.The pool staff was great and kept the guests cool with iced towels and popcicles. The main pool and lazy river were crowded with children but the middle lap pool was empty and the water was kept very cool. As for the restaurants- Tuscany was by far the best. The service there was first class and our every need was attended. Our server Claudio was very knowledgeable and friendly. The head server Bajham was so nice and made great conversation and helped us create the perfect meal with his reccommendations. On Fathers day we had made a reservations at Roys. We arrived 20 minutes early for our 730 reservations and saw that there were empty tables on the patio. I went inside to speak to the manager, Myles, and asked if there was any chance to eat outside and I was told we needed to make a reservation in advance for the patio. I told him that we are platinum members of marriott and our concierge had not informed us that we needed to do so. Myles said to me- I dont care who you are. Your status means nothing here. We just pay rent to Marriott We were so offended that we left and headed back to Tuscany. We walked into Tuscany and they knew our name, welcomed us back, and set up a table outside for us. We were sat in five minutes with no reservations. I would definately reccommend this hotel...but stay away from Roys.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Excellent service       amenities  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LaCoop
<Content>Beautiful Property Caters to Conventions/Special Events We shared this Spring Vacation with another couple, both having experienced the JW Marriott Camelback Inn and Renesaience in Scottsdale in the past 2 years. After reviewing this property online, and knowing Marriott's trademark of exceptional service we were looking forward to our 5 day stay at this fairly new property. Both couples stayed in Standard King rooms at $549 per night.Upon Thursday afternoon check in, our room was on the 3rd floor, directly above the main driveway/valet enterence. With this rate, the noise and traffic which included 3 buses were a surprise. The bellboy was assuring us these were the last bus arrivals for the day. As he spoke, 2 more could be seen approaching. Our request for another room was not immediately remedied, but an hour later we were told we could move, but we would be very far from each other. We still agreed after realizing the distance was most extreme! There are 950 rooms here so we were off to Egypt on our own, no offer of assistance. We laughed this off as glad to have the opportunity to be removed from the driveway noise and fumes. Later we met our friends in the huge and most beautiful lobby and waited forever on the patio to be acknowledged and served drinks. We decided to move inside and found a spot near the bar so our husbands could serve us rather than die on the vine. The people watching was fabulous tho- Obviously lots going on. A reception was queing up before entering their poolside designation. We noticed an entire outdoor common area had been roped off- and this was the beginning of how things were going to go - removing pool areas, lawn areas, patio areas for convention meals, receptions, MLB club members and special events. The vacationer's space got smaller and smaller as the weekend proceeded. All the pool's furniture filled up in the early morning either with bodies or saved with books and towels. Poolside service was very stressed, and there were long waits to order- and to receive orders. We watched as other guests lost patience and learned that the management had no time for regular duties as they followed up with personal apologies. I have no idea why they were so short-staffed, as the complex is designed to serve the masses. Perhaps that is the downfall, as the staff did not seem to enjoy or handle their positions under stress and there is no excuse for runnng it understaffed. We dined at Tuscany, it was fabulous and here the staff knew how to treat and please their guests and allowed us to feel like we were in Europe where it is impolite to hurry the guest along or present an unrequested check. This was our favorite meal of the entire trip! Roy's was a great environment, on patio outside. The food was also good but you will have to pay to get any amount of it, salads and accompaniments are separate. Their location is more visual to the hotel masses and here we knew that our table was scheduled for another reservation behind us. Reservations are a must, suggest later dining to avoid being rushed.The onsite Starbuck's had huge lines all mornings and usually ran out of breakfast items and popular ingredients before we got up. The hotel was full the entire time we were there, not just the weekend.We went to the spa on 2 different days: peds and manis on one visit, maggages the other. Never have we paid more for salon services, but were happy to have the use of the spa included which isn't always the norm for pedi/mani services. The massages were excellent but construction was underway next to the pool, tractors and alot of dirt and dust aloft along with the noise. There are many spas in the Phoenix area and this one dosen't come close to the atmosphere or relaxation available at JW Marriott's Camelback Inn - there is where you will find spa bliss! Our husbands golfed on site - very expensive for the quality - they are used to the Trune courses in Arizona and there is no comparrison except in fees.We were certainly paying enough and know what the resort experience should be. After a few days of not being treated as JW Marriott guest's reputation holds, we managed to get rooms in JW's nearby real resort Camelback Inn. This property is much older and smaller - but if you are expecting service and an relaxing atmosphere you will be treated as the most important guest that you deserve to be and would expect when staying at a resort. The Desert Ridge is a Convention Complex. All the amenities are a huge bonus and a great addition to the convention experience, resulting in positive reviews from the business traveler, and a huge dissappointment to the vacationeer!I shouldn't close without mentioning the middle of the night fire drill. The continued blaring sirens emptied bathrobed guests into hallways. I felt horrible for the parents of wailing children but the worst of it was that there was no communication. Remember, our rooms were at the farthest point, Egypt, and it was a hike with and without use of elevators towards the lobby. Since this turned out to be a false alarm it was unfortunate that staff did not send runners or use the PA system to explain the situation. They did record and deliver a phone message hours later that blamed the incident on a guest, suggesting that he was drunk in the bar and pulled down on an alarm. I don't like to quote over used phrases, but when we left the Desert Ridge I said to my friend, Been here, Done that, Won't be back.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	3	-1	5	

<Author>StarBellySneetch
<Content>Nice hotel       Big comfy bed  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Togtog
<Content>Great, Relaxing Stay at the JW Marriott Overall, we had a great stay at the JW Marriott Resort in Desert Ridge. Since our stay was over Memorial Day weekend, we thought we would have some hassle checking in, etc. However, it was smooth and quick and the woman who checked us in was very pleasant.The room was wonderful with a beautiful view of the pool, golf course and desert landscape. The bathroom was a good size with a separte walk-in shower and bathtub. The service we appreciated was the nightly turn-down service which also included refreshing the towels if needed. We travel quite a bit and unfortunately have encountered nice resort hotels which have the worst sound-proofing . . . however, we slept through the night without having to endure any outside noise. Having kids, this is a plus.The pool was great and is where we spent most of our time. Being 100 plus degrees outside there were plenty of umbrellas (we had no problem finding chairs w/ an umbrella in the morning, however, it did get crowded by late morning). Also, there were staff members handing out pitchers of ice water and popsicles throughout the day. The food you can order at the pool was good and the service was quick. There is also a great kid's menu (we were not given the kid's menu and had to request it).There were a lot of activities at the hotel during our stay including a movie shown by the pool every night, a cowboy camp night with s'mores and a native american family who performed traditional dances.The fitness center could be a little bigger. If you want to go on the treadmill or do weight machines it's not a problem. If you do mat work or free weights, first of all there are no mats and secondly there is very limited space to work out.The Desert Ridge Marketplace nearby has something for everyone. There are several restaurants including California Pizza Kitchen, Rock Bottom Brewery, the Yardhouse and Macaroni Grill. Great restaurants for kids. There is also a movie theater and the outdoor mall had a lot of your typical mall stores. We will definitely return to this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>slettva
<Content>Loved this resort We stayed here in May for a conference and were very pleased with the resort. The spa was great, the golf course was fantastic, and the staff were some of the friendliest we have ever met. The room was spacious and had a separate shower and tub and all the rooms have balconies. Our room overlooked the pool area, which contains several different pools and a lazy river. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>averagefamilyguy
<Content>Memorial Day Worth Remebering We had a good time here. Most of the positive reivews below are trueThe staff was friendly and would usually greet you or make eye contact with you if you passed by them. The hotel was well staffed during our stay over the Memorial Day Wkend. Everything was clean - very clean. The pools were great and not too crowded. There were ample activities for the kids and adults alike. We had an easy time getting a table at Roy's and the Breakfast buffett. Pool service was also very good and well staffed. We got our drinks and food FAST. The bad? Well, our 2 year old almost fell through the balcony even as we supervised. We were 5 stories up. There was enough open space between our balcony and the room next to us to allow him to slip through. I mentioned this to the hotel staff and was told they would make management aware. Be sure to check your balcony if you had kids.This 1/2 hour from downtown Phoenix and closer to the Scottsdale area. Easy drive to Talisen West. We'd consider going back. .  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Burg
<Content>Best Christmas gift ever!!! My husband and I just returned from this JW as a Christmas gift we had given ourselves. We enjoyed this place so much, we hope to return again in August with our kids.  We booked an executive suite package that included the Cloud Room. Since we did not bring our teenagers on this trip, our daily visits to the Cloud Room were greatly appreciated as it was a holiday weekend and there was no shortage of children of every age here. Everyone was especially helpful here. We thoroughly enjoyed getting ideas and tips from Elizabeth, Concierge at the Cloud room and reviewing our day's events with Sharon in the evening. These two women helped make our weekend exceptional. The most appreciated advice was to use the spa pool since no children were allowed. We enjoyed everything about this weekend: the room, the service, the food, etc. We ate at the steakhouse and our only wish was that they would have offered smaller portions.We hope to receive the same gift next year.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Mike89
<Content>Superb stay at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge Just got back from a great Memorial weekend getaway. On every level this hotel scored an A in my opinion. I was immediately impressed by the quick check in and friendly staff. For instance upon entering my room I noticed a problem with the a/c. No worries, the staff quickly found me another room, sent up a bellman to move my luggage and to deliver my new keys all within 10 minutes. Oh and the room we got had an amazing view of the pool and golf courses. The staff also did a lot of little things you typically don't see at resorts these days. For example at the pool, employees handed out pitchers of ice water, iced towels, freeze pops, etc, etc. Hmmm, I didn't receive any ot these things on a recent stay at the Ritz Carlton in Maui! The concierge was knowledgeable, accessible and very accommodating. The rooms were always spotless and tended to multiple times per day. The bathrooms were what you would expect a 4plus star hotel to have.The balcony was clean and spacious enough to stretch out a bit. The ability to print your boarding pass in the lobby....huge plus. Starbucks on site need I say more? The golf courses although a little brown from the weather still top notch. If I were to have one complaint it would be the lack of an adult only pool. There are 5 pools on site and all of them were filled with screaming kids. Unless you're by one of the fountains you won't receive a lot of quiet time. Overall a fabulous experience...  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CNorm
<Content>Beautiful resort My husband and I were at this beautiful resort for 2, all too short days, for a conference he attended May 9 - 11. While my husband attended meetings I floated in a tube in the lazy river pool (and I was certainly not the only adult in the lazy river pool). This property is absolutely stunning, gorgeous grounds, tastefully decorated rooms and a bathroom I wish I had in my own home (marble, granite and travertine). The beds were comfy, though I would have preferred firmer pillows.Neither my husband nor I found the hotel staff to be snotty or rude as another reviewer mentioned. Everyone we encountered was helpful and friendly. The concierge even gave us a much better suggestion for transportation back to the airport (and made the reservation for us as well) than what we were originally planning to do.We took SuperShuttle from PHX to the hotel for $19 p/p. A little time was wasted in making various stops within the airport to pick up more passengers and then having to stop at another hotel to drop someone off, but this is the nature of SuperShuttle. However, the driver was quite competent. But for our return to the airport we took TransStyle Limousine for $22 p/p. It's a town car that takes just 4 people. We were at the airport in 20 minutes.One other convenient (and free) perk was that you could print out your airline boarding passes at a computer in the lobby near the front desk. The computer only prints boarding passes, but for about 20 airlines. We appreciated this convenience.Food at the hotel: the restaurants are pricey, as one would expect them to be at an upscale property. My husband brought me breakfast from the spread at his meeting, but I did have lunch at the pool one day. I thought the prices were reasonable ($12 for a very large and filling spinach salad and $5 for a smoothie). I had seen other people's orders and knew, before I ordered my lunch, that the portions were plentiful.For dinner we took the complimentary shuttle to the Desert Ridge shopping/dining/entertainment complex across the street from the property (the property is large and also encompasses the Marriott Vacation Club, so the shuttle is necessary). There were many good dining choices with many price ranges at Desert Ridge.My only disappointment was some of the equipment in the fitness center. My husband and I are both gym rats, and we both love the elliptical trainer. Some are better than others and the ones at this Marriott were not good at all. Very awkward and uncomfortable to use, so ended up running on the treadmills (which were quite good and had personal TV's with complimentary earphones).Though we were here for a short conference, I would definitely consider returning for a long weekend sometime, perhaps even a sisters/girlfriends trip. It's perfect for that.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TaraBB
<Content>Girlfriend getaway weekend Just returned from 4 days at this property and after reading the rest of the reviews both before and after I went, they are all pretty true on what is good/bad. 6 mos. ago we stayed at the JW on Capri, Italy and it was head and shoulders above this JW in Scottsdale. Scottsdale rooms werent as dreamy and staff was not as polished...RUDE concierge lady that name begins with a C...staff waiting around too obviously for tips, and check-in and spa staff not very professional. Speaking of spa, I'm used to spa prices and everything was a smidge overpriced....even for a fancy resort....after the20% mandatory tip, a pedicure is $105??? wow, $10 per toe. Scrub and wrap combo was a good bang for the buck but massage seemed to be given by a newbie....Same with Roy's- I have eaten at 2 diff. Roy's locations and this staff was not up to par at all...food was excellent as always though. It seemed much of staff might have been college students on break for the summer or ?? Huge convention while we were there but not bothersome at all. Pools were awesome and lazy river was nice even for adults.... While we were expecting it to be HOT in May, it was 102....pitchers of ice water by the pool and lobby were nice ...cement and stone by the pool scorching your bare feet- not nice.Pluses of the property is that the food at ALL of the restaurants on site was wonderful-we tried them all. Room service, too. Mini bar prices were actually fairly reasonable for a property like this. Live music and patio area were perfect and drink prices were average.It was a nice relaxing weekend for a decent price (for room)and almost everything went well, but if youre paying for the details to be taken care of at a fancy schmancy place like this, you want all the i's to be dotted and t's to be crossed....service just needs more polishing.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NaptownTraveler
<Content>Unreal Experience       Foyet  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happytravelsIowa
<Content>Incredible! This resort was AMAZING!!! I have never seen anything like it. Of course, this was my first resort experience, but still, I can imagine that it is one of the best. The rooms were very clean. We had a beautiful balcony that overlooked beautiful scenery. Overall, it was a romantic and fun experience!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>albison23
<Content>Overrated       Wow!  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	2	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>rbuffing
<Content>I was one of the conventioners the other guy disliked         
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	1	-1	4	3	

<Author>want2getaway
<Content>Loved the JW Marriott We loved our 3 day stay at the this Resort. It is a lovely property, very large and spread out. The rooms were large, very clean and the bathroom was well appointed. No problems with the service but nothing outstanding to report either. We had room service for breakfast each morning. The breakfasts were wonderful in taste and presentation and service was good. Lunches at the restaurant on site as well as the cafe in the spa were both enjoyable. We both had massages at the spa and they were very nice. Since this is such a large property we liked that we had many choices of seating during the day. One day we enjoyed the afternoon by the smaller pool area behind the spa, very quiet and adult oriented, another day we sat poolside by the main pool, very busy but nice and another day we sat reading by the restaurant outside the lobby area. The lazy river would be enjoyed by my kids if we return to this property. The only down side would be if you are looking for personal service, this is such a large resort and property that it loses that personal touch of other 5 star resorts like a Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons. We did not leave the resort but understood from others that it is a drive to get anywhere. Overall, I would recommend this resort.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>traveler3311
<Content>Desert Ridge- Convention Hell My wife and I wanted to treat our senior in high school with a special experience for Spring Break so we booked rooms at the JW Desert Ridge for post Easter. We had been there before so we thought we knew what to expect. The biggest problem we had was the hotel was overrun with convention folks. Hot tubs,pool decks,all day set ups were what we experienced for 2 of the 4 days we were there. Rooms arenothing special and neither is service or food at the pool. Slow and expensive would be fair to say. When I expressed this feedback to a senior manager of the property I was told that they cater to businesstravelers not family travel..The comments were not in line with the caring environment of the empolyees who work hard to be nice. I was left to feel that I was not important to the overall success of the operation. This is direct conflict with Mr Marriott's book and philosophies and I found that odd enough that I had to express it in this format. We wont go back to this property and I was planning to but a time share across the street for 2 week in prime time..but no reason to now that I know they focus their efforts in a way that I am not comfortable with. I am not naive to think business travel is not important to any hotel's livlehood...but if I want to be around drunk conventioners when I am with my family..I would book a lessor expensive place.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>tiger12896
<Content>Awesome Experience I took my girlfriend there for our three year anniversary, and also to propose to her. I only made the reservation two weeks in advance, and the website told me that only double bed rooms were available, and early check-in was unlikely (we're in the Phoenix area, so I had hoped to show up early to enjoy the pools). I went up to the resort a week before, and talked to someone at the front desk, telling them that it was a special occasion, and while they couldn't gurantee anything, they said I ought to be able to get a king bed. When we showed up, not only did we get a king bed amd early check-in, we got one of the nicest views from our balcony. The pool area is awesome, with excellent drinks. We had lunch and the following mornings breakfast at Blue Sage, with dinner that night at Tuscany. They also knew it was a special occasion, and they couldn't have been nicer, seating us at a fantasic table by the water and fountains, and giving us a complementary dessert (the dinner was awesome as well). Overall, we had a fantastic experience, and we can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stad
<Content>The Godd, The Bad  Stayed for almost a week in April. If you have small kids-DO NOT STAYAT THIS PROPERTY! Page down to the Bad  Ugly for more details.The Good: beautiful landcape scenery, outdoor speakers w/ soothing music playing everywhere, tranquil water features, attractively designed rooms/suites, complimentary laundry facility. Tuscany Restaurant and great live music( 2 guys in their 40's)Complimentary mountain bikes. Allison at Tennis Center is a gem! Fitzroy, and red hair German waitress at Blue Sage are super nice as well. Lots of pools.The Bad: Black mold  mildew in every corner and grout line of the adjoining room's shower. Filthy bathroom floor covered in hairs upon checkin. Housekeeping overall was lax for such a $$$resort. Stopped into the Revive Spa the 1st day to make an appt. for a $125.00 skin scrub for next morning. Made the mistake of taking one of my kids w/ me to make the appt. All of a sudden a man was standingover my child and I, motioning for us to leave. We had been in the spa reception area for all of 5 minutes!!! We were in the process of walking toward the door anyway. I wound up cancelling b/c I knew after being treated so rudely, I would not be able to revive there.Finally, the UGLY-and I mean UGLY:Beside shelling out a $$$$ money for the suite and joining room, we also decided to shell out even more for a passcard to the CLOUD ROOM. They offered snacks, lite meals, drinks, web access, open bar.However, they just instituted a no kids allowed rule. That meant either parent having to go solo to the CLOUD  while 8 yr old sat outside to help w/the carry out food; the other parent stayed in roomw/other 2 kids. Never got to enjoy the view, or ambiance as advertised. Despite this, we understood and used our divide and conquer plan as mentioned above and were fine with it.Then there was the issue of me trying to take my totally asleep 2 yr old into the CLOUD room b/c my spouse w/other 2 kids were at the pool. I figured it would be ok since I was doing a quick snack run. I didn't think it was safe to leave her alone outside in the hall. Asleep toddler and I were 6 feet into the Cloud Room when on duty  Cloud concierge person stopped me and tried to shoo me out b/caccording to her, kids aren't allowed (though it is a family resort) and it's not fair to the other guests who can't bring their kids in. She spoke rather loudly, repeating herself and embarrassing me in front of the other 6-8 guests who were in there. Naturally I reacted and told her that it was ridiculous that I paid extra $$$ for the CLOUD Room, and that I couldn't stop in for 2 minutes to grab a few things to bring back to our rooms. Not once did she offer to stand outside the Cloud room and watch my baby for the 2 minutes it would have taken. As I was leaving she got infront of me pushing the Cloud Room door wide open, for all the guests to see-more humiliation for me, and said I'm a momma too. I turned to her w/ baby in stroller and said  That's not the point  but I didnt get to finish what I was saying to her, b/c one of the male guests came charging to the door and told me I was making a scene. Of course all he could see wasupsetment on my face responding to her, and not the continued snipping she was doing to me. I am 5'7, and the Cloud Concierge person was easily 5' 9 , and the guy who charged at me was atleast 6'5 tall. It was intimidating and scary to have these taller people standing over me in such an aggressive manner. And they did this to me w/ my toddler by my side. I wound up in tears at the front desk as my 8 yr  6 yr old children walked up w/ their dad. It was awful. I didn't want to leave our suite and room after that, it ruined the last day  half of my trip. It also upset my kids to see me crying. In conclusion: If you have children younger than teen years, you are not welcome at this resort, no matter how much money you spend. P.S. The on duty manager Mr. Donough? comped us for dinner that night.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	5	2	4	2	3	

<Author>Rouget
<Content>Can't Handle the Crowds April 8, 2007. My family just returned from spending Spring Break at the Marriott Desert Ridge. It is a pretty property, although surrounded by ugly construction. Our rooms were fine, quiet but overlooked the ugly construction. Problems arose on our first evening when we tried to dine at one of the resort's several restaurants. We had difficulty getting a reservation and then had to suffer long waits for service at Roy's. The next morning at breakfast, there was a large line of people waiting for a table and a long wait for service. Lunch by the pool? We waited over an hour for four sandwiches! Next morning for breakfast, the line and wait were longer (over half an hour, we were told) so we decided to try to snag breakfast at the Starbucks on the property. By 9:15 a.m., Starbucks was out of food except giant MM cookies! We ended up getting in the car and heading to a nearby mall for bagels. We were told that the hotel was only 50% booked, yet they seemed incapable of feeding the number of people that were staying there.Other problems: crowds at the pools meant no available pool chairs for anyone arriving after 9 a.m. - yet the resort allowed people to reserve chairs in choice locations with towels. We had to scrounge for two chairs and then lift and move them ourselves. Meanwhile, someone had placed towels and newspapers on 7 chairs in a nice, shady location and did not show up to sit in them for several hours. When someone complained to a pool attendant, nothing was done. I would not return to this resort - next year, I'll try the Phoenician.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>cinder1997
<Content>Marvelous Marriot This hotel/resort is all luxury. The grounds and public areas of this resort are beautiful. The hotel offers a daily list of activites that the you can take part in some being free of charge and some at a small fee. For example they offered a desert walk with a desert plant expert. Across from the resort is a very nice complex of stores and resautarants to enjoy for those of you not wanting to eat or spend all of your time at the resort. The rooms are nicely decorated, but the bathrooms are gorgeous. Bathrooms offer a seperate shower and bath area, all marble tile, and our huge in size. Each room has a balcony and in room cofffee or tea. Parking is either valet or free self park. The pool area is exceptional and offers a lazy river area. There were many families with children staying at this resort. All in all this is a beautiful and comfortable place to stay with out being too stuck up. We loved it!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cgbroderick
<Content>Terrific resort       My kids in patio courtyard  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mevangelista
<Content>Top Shelf This hotel's accomodations and ameniteis were awesome, as was the service, scenery and most of the food. The staff had it all working. Customer service at its best. Played both courses, all good. Friends ate at the steakhouse on property and said it ws excellent. Also ate at the Italian restaurant on property and it was OK and expensive. Breakfast buffett is expansive and expensive. Be prepared to have money fly out of your wallet for everything, but this is a high end, luxary resort in the desert and that is to be expected. The resort is big, 400 plus rooms so know that before you go. Also, it is located way out in n/e Phoenix on the border of north Scottsdale. Everything in this area is spread out. If you don't have a rental car, be prepared for a car service or taxi ride to Old Town Scottsdale costing between 50 and 60 dollars one way, plus tip. There are great bars and restaurants between the resort and downtown Scottsdale. Both Devil's Martini Bars were great. Dos Gringos was casual and fun and for a high end steakhouse (really high end), but absolutely fabulous for the food, decor and bar and people scene, try Drinkwater's City Hall Steakhouse in Old Town. From there you can walk to just about all the other bars and nighclubs. It was all good. Personally, I would have liked my resort to be about half the size of this one and half the distance to Old Town Scottsdale, but I was part of a golf group and it was not my call. But this place is all good, with great service. Definately 5 stars.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thedcdiva
<Content>Lovely Property with Great Service We have just returned from a weekend at the Desert Ridge. The hotel is magnificent and the service matched it. Although we do not play golf, we found plenty to do on the vast property. Although it is extremely large, it was not hard to find a peaceful spot.  We stayed in a standard room overlooking the main pool and patio. There was constant activity on the patio, but it was never noisy or bothersome. The rooms were spacious, well appointed and just plain pretty. All have a balcony, and a bath with a seperate tub and shower. The pool is really a pool complex, with several different pools and hot tub. Although the hotel was fully booked, the pool never really seemed crowded. The Spa is enourmous and seemed extremely busy, but that did not take away from the experience in any way. The treatments, were expensive but wonderfully relaxing. The restaurants we tried were quite good. We ate most often at Blue Sage, which had a great breakfast menu including a impressive looking buffet that we did not get around to trying. We also tried the Meritage Steak house which offered wonderful food and ambiance, but at a steep price. But for dinner, we usually ventured out to nearby Scottsdale. Overall, a wonderful spot and I would definitely return.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>md814
<Content>Very nice resort - great golf course We stayed at this resort for a company function and were very pleased. The bathrooms were large, very clean, and had plenty of counter space. We had a great sized walk in shower and separate bathub with dual sinks.The room was well spaced and had a nice view and balcony. It's nice to have a Starbucks and some other good little stores directly in the the resort. The staff was very polite, friendly and hospitable. Room service was very good. Massage was fantastic. Also, loved the convenience of the Desert Ridge Marketplace directly across the street. Try Grill Expeditions restaurant - awesome food! The Marketplace offers many restaurant choices and shopping. The resort offers 2 wonderful golf courses, and if you just want to work on your game, pay the $20 a day for unlimited range balls. My husband spent hours there not only on the driving range, but practicing his short game, as they putting greens plus sand traps and short game practice facilities.All in all, a very nice, upscale resort. Perfect for the golf/spa vacation or just to have a beautiful resort to stay in with access within minute to great shopping and restaurants. TIP: Go to the front desk and directly across from it, print your boarding pass to avoid the lines at the airport. It's a free service Marriott offers. Check in at night to avoid lines - you can do so up to 24 hrs before your flight.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SFO2004
<Content>Great hotel and great service I recently stayed at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge for a conference. I was there for 3 nights. The hotel is very nice! The common areas were nicely decorated and there were plenty of seating areas.The rooms were well appointed. The beds are very comfortable and the bathrooms were a great size, with separate tubs and marble shower stalls. I only wish the tub was a soaking tub! There was also a nice balcony with a table and chairs, overlooking the putting green and some outside seating.One of the best things about this hotel is the service! Everyone was very professional and very courteous. Even under the pressure of serving that many people (over 1000) lunch at the same time, the service staff always came through with a smile. The shuttle to the mall across the street was very helpful. The only problem I had with service was with a young girl at the front desk. She didn't seem to know what she was doing and wasn't very courteous.The other cons are that the hotel is huge and caters to conferences. Since that is what I was here for, it didn't bother me. But, I did notice vacationers trying to get through the crowds, and I don't think I would like that if I were on vacation.Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	5	4	

<Author>PennStater84
<Content>Marriott Desert Ridge/Phoenix trip I recently attended a conference at this resort (which I understand was sold the week after we left!) and was very impressed with the service, staff, and appearance. This hotel isn't near downtown so be aware there's nothing in walking distance that I could see. It was also about a 20 minute and $55 taxi ride from the airport. It was unseasonably cold during our stay (wouldn't you know - we were trying to escape the cold!) so even though the pools and lazy river were heated, they were closed because of the temps. They appeared to be well-maintained and the landscaping with markers naming the plants and trees was just beautiful.The front desk staff and all hotel staff we encountered were very pleasant and helpful. The concierge staff even created driving directions for us from point A to point B to point C and back to the hotel when we told them our tourist-y plan for my 1 free day!! We rented a car from the on-site Hertz place.We enjoyed the Frank Lloyd Wright camp tour, (Talieson West), old towne Scottsdale and Rawhide - the re-created old West town complete with fake shoot-outs. Hokey- yes, a little, but great fun and great photo opps! Looked like a movie scene.My husband and teen daughter had a great time on the Detours guided van tour to the Grand Canyon which also stopped at Sedona and a reservation and included lunch for $130. The concierge encouraged that tour group because of the cushier seats for the long drive up and back (4.5 hrs each way). There wer others that were cheaper, but I'm glad we booked this one - they got a great guide. My daughter was spouting off facts and info about plants, geology, etc for days afterwards.The hotel's free shuttle to the nearby Desert Ridge Marketplace ran every half hour or less and was very handy, since otherwise you'd need a car to get anywhere. (or go broke on taxis to get downtown) We ate most of our meals over there, since they had California Pizza Kitchen, TGI Fridays and other non-chain but similar places and the restaurants at the hotel looked expensive for our tastes.The hotel also provides internet service (not wireless in the rooms though) plus free local and long distance calls for 9.95 plus taxes a day. We enjoyed the live musicians each night in the lower lobby/bar area - very classy to a teenager and even her mom!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JALDenver
<Content>Great Resort Despite the coldest weekend in 16 years, we had a FABULOUS time at the JW Desert Ridge and barely realized that it was raining and even SNOWING in AZ! The JW did a wonderful job with service and addressing every need we had, and we were impressed from the valet attendant to the bellman to the room service! The grounds were beautiful and well maintained, and there were significant challenges given the temperature changes there.Truly a wonderful experience and would recommend this resort to anyone...that I like!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cjjbugs
<Content>Beautiful resort Stayed for 5 days while attending a conference. It is a beautiful resort with great dining. Our room was huge and beautifully decorated. They staff was very accommodating. Marriott consistently delivers.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dakota05
<Content>A Great Escape This Resort was as close to perfect as you will find. From the sweeping palm tree lined entrance to the beautiful golf courses. The rooms were large, clean and quiet with excellent views. The pool areas are beautiful with large hot tubs and plenty of space to enjoy your privacy, the water was warm and clean. My husband golfed the Faldo course and had a great experience. We didn't have the opportunity to eat at the Resort, but did take advantage of the nearby restaurants. There is also great shooping nearby. We loved this resort and can't wait to return.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>visitingrob
<Content>Amazing resort and staff!       view from balcony  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kls_katidid
<Content>Great Service, Okay Resort My husband and I stayed at this resort for 3 nights, Oct 8-10. The staff at this place were really great. Very kind and attentive and willing to do whatever it took to make our stay enjoyable. There was a woman who was checking in when we were checking in and it turned out she was at the wrong JW in Phoenix, so the front desk attendant arranged to have one of the resort's town cars take her to the correct hotel so she didn't have to pay for yet another taxi. That's what I call great service!We picked this hotel for three reasons: 1 - lazy river/pool complex; 2 - spa (for me); 3 - golf (for hubby). If we were attending a conference, I might have given this resort a higher rating, but as a leisure hotel, it is only okay (especially given the high price). 1. The lazy river/pool was great, but a little on the cool side and always dirty with bugs and debris swirling right around the loop with you. Pool bar/cafe food was what I've come to expect from pool bar food - expensive and mediocre.2. The spa environment was wonderful. The facilities were beautiful, peaceful and serene and the staff was okay. The massage I received was probably the worst I've ever had, and at $150 for 50 minutes, I was hugely disappointed. 3. I'm not a golfer, but my husband was pretty disappointed with the course he played (there are two and one was closed - unfortnately I can't remember which one he played). I guess it's the wrong time of year for golf in PHX, but still, for the price he expected a lot better. Our room was nice; bedding was heavenly. Shower pressure was terrible and so I called the front desk. Within an hour, maintenance had come, removed the old shower head, located and installed a new one and the pressure was much better. There was a cockroach in our room the first morning, but it was clearly on its last leg and was the only bug of any kind we encountered in our ground floor room. We didn't eat any meals at the resort (except lunch at pool bar). There is a great mall right across the street with tons of restaurants.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ladybug5
<Content>Love the JW Marriott My husband and I just love this property. The room is large, bright and just extremely comfortable with a couch to sit on and patio to see the surrounding area. The bathroom is great with a bath and shower and the service is wonderful. They have several pools including a lazy river . While staying at the hotel I received a call that my dog was in the hospital causing us to check out at 6 PM on a Saturday to return to Southern California. I expected to pay the full rate for the day and the hotel gave me a day rate of $80. I will never stay anywhere else on my stays to Phoenix in the future. Congratulations JW Marriott, a hotel that really does care about their guests.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leondrataylor
<Content>Relaxing, Rejuvenating and Refreshing I always stay at Marriott's because of their consistency. I am rarely disappointed and this time was no acception. We stayed for three days but our main intention was to visit the Grand Canyon for a day. When I got to the hotel I could have easily forgotten about the Grand Canyon but my husband had his heart set on it. The drive was under 4 hours and both scenic as well as pleasant. However, I wouldn't do it again.Back to the hotel. The lazy river was my favorite. The grounds are beautiful and the staff courteous. We ate at the hotel only once at the Blue Sage and it was for breakfast. No big deal seeing as it's hard to screw that up. We ate and shopped in Scottsdale mostly. I barely had time to lounge at the pool but we're going back because we bought three nights at the timeshare across the street although we would prefer to stay at the hotel again. They do not have a conceirge but they did upgrade me to a pool view. The hotel is in a good location with a shopping plaza, a grocery store, pharmacy and eateries across the street. I would like to visit the JW in Scottsdale since they have all private villas. I would recommend this hotel for families although there weren't many when we stayed.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>No-name-no-need
<Content>Great Fun! This was much nicer than I expected! We love the Phoenix area and have enjoyed stays at a lot of fine properties in the area. The property was very lovely, and the lazy river was great fun, even without the children. The pool area is so large and there are so many chairs I can't imagine not being able to find seats outside.The staff was very good. Breakfast in the restaurant was always pleasant and dinner at Roy's was great. Always a cold drink available in the main lobby.The rooms were more standard hotel styling than someplace like the Fairmont, but that said they were very comfortable, clean and well serviced.Self parking was easy, convenient and complementary. The power walk the fitness center sceduled in the mornings was not much though. Ask the concierge for a map of the local area and go on your own. Property is very large. You will do some walking. No noise heard between rooms, comfortable bedding.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sammi33
<Content>Awesome Resort----Great Staff Great place!!....beautiful.....we went for a spa weekend with a bunch of girls and had a great time...no promblems with the AC or the rooms....we had a great view of the pools and felt like we were in paradise....the staff was really helpful and polite...even the staff in the restaurants was polite and the service was great....very accomadating to changes in menu and providing things that were not there....they got us chocolate souffle when it was not even on the menu!!!...how great is that...loved it..  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>102tapster
<Content>Time Share Offer We went there on a Time Share offer of $75/night, 4 nights, 5 days. We booked and paid for a one bedroom villa back in May of 2006. Keeping in mind that we would have to endure a 90minute sales presentation in order to get such a deal. Our friends booked in November 2006 with the same offer, or they were lead to believe so. When we arrived at the Canyon Villas our friends were told their hotel room was at the hotel and not a villa as ours was. We were all greatly disappionted and let the manager Adam know so. We had shared a rental car which we kept at the villa and everytime we wanted to go see them at the hotel (JW Marriott Desert Ridge) we had to valet park which was costly. I must say that the time share sales presentation of 90 minutes was the least painful one of its type we have been through. However, they killed the sale upon our arrival.The resort was beautiful as it is only 4 years old.they guys golfed the Palmer course and we ladys purchased services at the spa, used the spa pool (no children allowed) which was wonderful.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dawggirl
<Content>Awesome experience       shot from room on pool side  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rwc2theworld
<Content>Nice for a Marriott, but your money can go further So you're looking for a resort in Phoenix, right? While the JW Marriott is nice, your money can go much further in this valley of the sun.Overall, the Marriott looks good, but when you did under the surface, there's not a lot there. The spaces are big but without much character.Some of the rooms are probably very nice, but mine (for $200 per night) looked out on a concrete wall. Unbelievable, yes? Believe it. At all costs, avoid odd-numbered rooms in the 3500 wing. They all look out at the same wall. No sun. No view. Very disappointing.And then there was someone else's hair in the sink. Also very disappointing for a top end resort.Finally, the room decor doesn't really fit with the desert theme. It's more of a french colonial thing going on.For a great experience, I'd recommend the Phoenician.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	5	4	3	

<Author>cubanito1
<Content>Really Nice! I loved this hotel even thought they were buiding timeshares right outside. I never heard any noise and the pool was fantastic!! I didnt get a chance to try the spa but I overheard a couple rave that it was pricey but well worth it.There is a mall just a mile down the road and they have eveything (just incase you dont want to pay the expensive prices at the in house gift shop. The rooms were big and the bathroom was HUGE!! Dining tip: Go to Blue Wasabi, ask the concierge for directions if you love sushi this is the place for you!! Ask to meet Fuji, he is the 1# sushi chef anywhere..and he will take great care of you. If Sushi isnt your thing then still go there. Its in this chic development of cool restaurants which include Spanish tapas, Italian just about anything.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>casey-cleo
<Content>Subtle changes made reduced the atmosphere. Last year we had a family vacation at this hotel and enjoyed it so much we decided to go back again this year. We arrived on 8/21 and stayed for about a week. The hotel is top notch. The grounds are well maintained, and the pools are in great shape. (Our favorite is the Lazy River.)Unfortunately, we noticed some things that were changed from last year that we did not anticipate. For example, last year at the pools, there was a childrens menu with lunch items that were reasonably priced. This year, the children's menu was gone, and all lunch possibilities were much higher priced. (This is a real problem for a family of 5.) I really don't want to spend $60 - $70 a day for lunch. I didn't see the snow cone machine either !Another BIG problem for my wife and I was to try to find a good cup of coffee somewhere at the hotel. Unfortunately, the only coffee was Starbucks. (And we really hate Starbucks !) This coffee is too strong, and way over priced. Anyway...despite the above issues, we still managed to have an enjoyable time, but it is questionable if we will go back in the future.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pasiando
<Content>Had a Great Time Wanting to get away for Labor Day weekend. We decided to stay at the Desert Ridge. Myself, my husband along with our 6 year old son, 14 and 16 year old girls and their 15 year old girlfriend. We loved it. The pools were amazing, the kids had a wonderful time. Security to enter the pool was closely monitored with special wrist bands. Food service by the pool was excellent. We enjoy our lunched by the poolside. My husband and I went to the spa for a couples massage, the spa was top of the line. I recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>adrianatj
<Content>Great Girls Weekend       Sunrise  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dje
<Content>Disappointed. Stayed at this resort for 2 days in August. Coincidentally before our stay, USA Today published an article about how great the pool area was. Perhaps this set expectations too high, as this resort was a huge disappointment.On the plus side, the grounds and overall property and design were very nice. Rooms has a garden, floral design and bathroom was huge with a nice shower. There is a nice computer system for rent in each room, and you could use it to efficiently make requests to the front desk or housekeeping (this part of the system was free). Property is also located next to Desert Ridge mall where you can find a bunch of shopping, restaurants, Target, etc.However, the resort experience left alot to be desired. The key item, as mentioned in other posts, is a faulty air conditioning system. The hallways smelled damp and musky. While the room A/C was better, it never cooled sufficiently or removed the humidity levels. Further, the pool area was awful. This could have been a result of this weekend being the most busy in the season (heard through another guest as claimed by their staff), but there were no seats, used food plates everywhere. It didn't quite live up to their Top 10 billing in USA Today.Hoping these guys will clean up their act and make this worth of the J.W. Marriott brand.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>amzamz
<Content>This hotel keeps me coming back Stayed for a long weekend over Labor Day. YES - it was crowded but it was a holiday weekend. With that in mind, the crowds were tolerable.When I pulled up to the valet, I was asked what they could for me. When I said I wanted to drop off my bag and then park the car, I was a bit disappointed to be told to pull my car over and take the bag inside myself. Sure they were busy, but it was 104 outside and I hadn't intended to handle the bag myself.This was a repeat trip and I decided to try the Cloub Club. Not sure that it is worth the extra money though. The Cloub Club employees were exremely hospitable and went out of their way to ensure you had a fresh drink or were partaking of the breakfast, appetizers, etc. But really can a person consume $150 worth of food and drinks per day!! You do get a small gift upon arrival and a packet of stationary at departure. I spent my days at the Revive Spa which never felt crowded. I am a spa junkie and must say that Winnie gave me the VERY BEST hot stone massage. When my 80 minutes were up, I wanted to beg her to start all over! Cheryl also does a excellent facial. I noted their names and will request both of them on my next visit. If you like either of those services, you will not be disappointed.Dinner at Roy's was superb - very attentive service too. I like breakfast at Blue Sage - other meals there are OK - not great but not overpriced considering that you are in a hotel. Overall this hotel keeps me coming back - very comfortable rooms, 99% ot their employees are outstanding. Why stay anywhere else?  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wahooaz
<Content>Overall a great experience, but some issues... We stayed for Labor Day weekend. Overall we had a great time, but there were some issues.We had a nice room... the beds were very comfortable, the bathroom was nice and had a separate shower, and there was a balcony with a small table and two chairs. However, although it was a step above the average room, it wasn't a very large or luxurious. The room service was reasonably priced and delivered quickly, which we liked, and had a kids menu for $6.50. The spa was incredible... my husband and I each had a massage there, and stayed for a few hours to lounge by the blissfully quiet, uncrowded spa pool and use the other services such as the steambath, jacuzzi, etc.The first issue was that the hallways were really hot and muggy. It seemed like they didn't air condition the hallways. It was a bit of a walk to get to our room, and by the time you got there you were sweaty and uncomfortable.The second issue is that they charged $20 a night for valet overnight parking. I can see that in a city, but we are talking the middle of the desert here. When we drove up to the main entrance, they asked us if we wanted to valet, and we said yes, and if we would be parking overnight, and we said yes (since we wouldn't be leaving the resort), but they didn't mention the $20 charge (until we saw it on the bill, LOL!)The third issue has to do with the pools. They advertise the pools as their big attraction during the summer. And while they were nice, they were REALLY crowded. All the chairs were taken (or at least they seemed to be taken, since there were towels on them), but no one seemed to actually be using them. If you asked a server how to get a chair, they said to get there early and put a towel on it, doh! We ended up just leaving our beach bag and clothes next to a bush every day we were there.Then, in order to get into the pool, you don't just need a key card, you need a one of those plastic bracelets that you clip on and it won't come off unless you cut it. I understand that it is to keep out non-guests, but they are uncomfortable if you have to wear them for 3 days (especially our 3 year old, who kept pulling on it). We cut ours off overnight, and when we asked for new ones at the front desk the next morning, they gave us a hard time about it. When we put them on the next time, we put them on ourselves so they were loose and we could pull them off. Don't let the front desk people put them on for you... they put them on REALLY tight.Then, if you want a pool towel, you have to give your room number (shouldn't the little bracelet be enough?). Its not like you can steal the towels, since there is a guard at the pool gate who makes you take them off from around your waist as you leave and put them in a hamper (not that we were trying to steal them, but our 3 year old was shivering and we wanted to just carry him to the room wrapped in the towel... and just leave the towel there for the housekeeping staff.) I was really worried the rest of the trip that they would charge me for the pool towels, since I checked them out one place with my room number, and returned them to the hamper on the way out.Then there is the lazy river, which is a ton of fun, IF you can get a tube. There is a limited number of tubes floating in the river, and you have to wait for one to become vacant to get one (the only thing you don't have to prove you are a guest to do, LOL!). However, people were hogging them, taking them back to their towel-draped chairs, using two to float instead of just one. It took about a half hour to find a tube for our 7 year old daughter to use to float. The kids also enjoyed the water slide, where they thankfully had a guard at the water slide line, so that there wasn't cutting/pushing/shoving.Also, the service at the pool left a lot to be desired. If you want service, you need to be at a chair and put up your flag, but there aren't enough chairs for the all the guests. My husband kept trying to wave down servers, then finally gave up and went to the restaurant and got us some drinks (not that it was a huge hardship, but it would be nice to be able to get cold drinks when it is over 100 degrees outside).Lastly, at one point they ran out of towels for about 30 minutes. You have to go to this centrally located ramada to get pool towels. On our last day I went with my daughter, soaking wet, to get some towels. They had run out. The attendant kept saying towels were coming, but they never came. At one point an official looking person came by to make sure the attendant REALLY meant there were no towels, and checked all the empty towel shelves to make sure they were REALLY empty, and then disappeared. After a long wait, we just gave up and walked back to our room wet.I think we would have enjoyed our stay more if it wasn't a holiday (Labor Day) and it wasn't so crowded, but the management should be able to anticipate when the hotel is full and plan accordingly (enough towels, enough servers, etc.) Also, they need to put some kind of system in place to ensure that people don't hog chairs and tubes.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jmuemos
<Content>Had a great stay at the JW       The beautiful lobby  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CSemerad
<Content>We will definitely be back! A gorgeous resort!!       Our room across the water  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Paaltjes
<Content>Value for money We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights after an extensive trip through South West USA. We only wanted to relax. This hotel is big, but we did not really noticed this because all the public areas are big too. The pool area is fantastic with room enough for everybody and a wide variety of pools. Food in the various restaurants was up to standard but not exeptional. Breakfast service was a little slow, but a lot of inexperience staff was on duty. I think the hotel is using college students in summer. We were not in a hurry so it did not matter too much, but some other guest got angry about this. The room was very nice. I always like to seperate shower. It is a nice touch to have a computer in the room. $10 for 24 hours internet access is a reasonable charge. The beds in Marriott are always superb. We enjoyed our stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>michelescully
<Content>Still love the Desert Ridge This was my third stay at this hotel. We had a most enjoyable time here last year and I was hopeful that it would prove to be as good this year. I was travelling with my twelve year old son so requested a room with a computer (rather than travel with a laptop) and this was granted with an upgrade to a room with a great view over the pools and mountains. The rooms are a reasonable size - with two queen beds, a spacious bathroom with shower and a balcony. We ate breakfast in the Blue Sage most days - buffet with my son paying around $9 and mine being $19.50 - a relaxing way to start the day - especially when suffering from jet lag and waking very early in the morning during our first few days in arizona. We spent some time by the pool most days and these were rarely crowded - but were noisier at the weekends when large groups of 'young (ish) men and women' would drink (a fair amount) and generally get quite loud as they turned pink in the arizona sunshine - golf parties or conference attendees - i don't know. There were many 'local' families on one occasion being allowed into the pool area by residents - you need a room key to access the pool area, they just asked if they would open the gates for them! It didn't seem to be a big problem really as the hotel pools are large and this is the off season.We ate pool side on several occasions and the food was fine - although one server over charged us on several occasions (the hotel put this right when I checked out). We had one meal (on our last day - and the server then told us that on purchasing one drink from the pool area (soft) we were entitled to refills all day (news to us) - I wonder if that will be the case next summer? - although we'd never been told this before.We ate room service often - my son prefers it, and it was usually pretty promptly delivered and generally warm. There is a 20% charge + $3 and tax added to each order - ouch! We were able to order using the inroom computer and confirm availability online - so my son was able to order the food for us this year - a nice touch.Check in and out of the hotel were easy and my special requests were met (computer and fridge). Most of the staff are attentive and helpful - always polite and friendly - the pool staff less so this year than last.We made use of the complimentary laundry service - with soap and softener provided - and left with clean clothes to finish our arizona holiday in the marriott canyon villas.We will be back here next year - we love the location, scenery and the service you get in the off-season. And as Brits we LOVE the sun......  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Somer78
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Terrible Service My fiance and I spent one night at The Desert Ridge Marriott for my birthday. The rooms are clean, the drinks are refreshing, the lazy river is kid infested, and the service is slow. We waited 40 minutes to receive our pre dinner cocktails and appetizers in the downstairs bar area and had to ask twice to receive our drinks. Our waiter at Roy's was very nice but inexperienced. He told us that he couldn't tell the difference between a $30 bottle of wine and a $200 bottle. We were then told that lobster was not on the menu. Roy's is a seafood restaurant. The following morning at breakfast we asked three times for orange juice but the breakfast was amazing. We are very easy to please when we travel but it just seemed like the resort was inconsistant with it's service. Everyone seemed inexperienced and unwilling to please their guests. The ambiance is extremely appealing but lacking customer service.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>luvgoodtravel
<Content>The best resort ever! This is my favorite resort of all time! We are frequent Marriott stay-ers and this is my favorite. We love the big, wow hotels and this is one of them. The pools are great, love the lazy river and the restaurants are great as well. We always travel during Spring Break and, although it is more crowded, it is still a wonderful experience. The food at Roy's is great and this time we were there, we ate at the steakhouse at the golf course and it was great.OK, here is the best about this place-THE CLOUD CLUB. It is like a concierge lounge, you pay extra $150 a day and you get access, full breakfast in the cloud club, waters, sodas, snacks all day, internet access and a printer, open bar from 5:00pm-10:00pm, appetizers, desserts and the best service ever. We LOVE Sharon and Liz in the cloud club, they are the reason we go back to this place.It is my favorite vacation hotel, Phoenix I could take or leave but this place is great!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jsilva12
<Content>We loved this resort!       Big pool  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aeia
<Content>Desert Stuff Well, first I'd like to start by saying that GUYS YOU ARE STAYING IN THE DESERT.THE DESERT IS HOT IN THE SUMMER. A couple days ago we reached 117 degrees! 83 degrees vs. 117. Find a cooler Travel destination if you don't like the heat.I love the heat, I am an Arizona native and I live in North Scottsdale. I go to this hotel to chill out. Honestly, I would never stay here. The gift shop staff is appalling, they used the term (--) right in front of me to refer to a co-worker who'd gone to the bathroom. But they are not affiliated with this resort. The staff of the resort itself is inexplicably friendly. I walk by in my jeans, Im not a guest, lookin all ripped up and grungy, cause I can, and they all nod and ask how I am. I admit when I was wearing my work clothes (A very very very nice ensemble.. and expensive) I was treated SLIGHTLY more friendly. That was barely though.I wouldnt stay here overnight because it's very hotel- like. I would think it should be more RESORT-like. There are hundreds of rooms crammed on top of one another. But they have free Lemonade in the lobby!!!! And a LAZY RIVER!So if you guys want to cool off hop in the lazy river and grab a glass of Lemonade. It's FREE. It's lovely, but no better than most houses Ive lived in and my friends live in. So I wouldnt stay there but the friendliness of the staff and the fact it's a great place to hang out makes it worth stopping by. Remember, guys, this is ARIZONA. You are next to DESERT RIDGE IN PHOENIX. Youll see SCORPIONS AND RATTLESNAKES. Why? Cause it's THE DESERT.Also Id like to say the best part is that there are tons of animals all over all the time, we saw baby ducks and tons of jackrabbits walking around and they arent too shy to humans either so nature lovers!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>supastarrrrr
<Content>awesome I have stayed here 2 times in the past month, once w/ the kids and once w/ the hubby. The first time I thought maybe it was a fluke, the second time was just as great. Hotel is beatiful, can't say enough. I read the reviews before the second stay and I was kind leary about staying, but who ever writes these negative reviews, are completely mistaken. The only thing that would make this place better would be if the one of the bars in the pool area would stay open after 6pm. Would definately stay again. I would never stay at the south pointe mountain resort ever again like we did at the beginning of the summer, it sucked.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VaBelle35
<Content>There are great things about this place and not so great things I have mixed feelings about this hotel. I was traveling for business as a single woman, but with a group of people from work and a family member. My company paid for everything during my stay. The room was large, clean and the bed was incredibly comfortable. I was not overwhelmed by the spa or salon and they don't have their act together coordinating services between them. The massage I had was just okay, nothing to sing about. The food provided for the convention was usually dry and not exciting, but that may have more to do with the choices made by the organizers than the hotel. I could not get my room cold no matter how low I turned the thermostat. It sat on 62 the entire time and I still was too hot to blow dry my hair. As some reveiws have stated, the hallways are hot and muggy. On some days some hallways were and on other days none of them were. The FedEx office had no a/c on my last day there and it was unbearable in there. I highly recommend using their Sony Picture Developer as I developed my digital photos and the Sony machine really does a fantastic job. The service at the hotel is outstanding, I was always satisfied with how they handled problems (several small things like the made threw out my newspaper before I had read it and I need a box to ship things home). The hotel did not coordinate my car to the airport, but I was still able to get one. They say to reserve it 24 hours in advance but also re-confirm it a couple of hours before (says my driver). I never did go outside, too oppressively hot. I have to agree with the restaurant recommendations, thumbs up to Blue Sage (my #1 choice) and Roys and thumbs down to the steakhouse. I never had the time to try the Italian place as it is closed 2 nights a week.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bunky48
<Content>We checked out three days early My wife and I travel often, staying at 5 star and 4 star hotels and resorts. We checked into the JW Marriott Desert Ridge on July 19, 2006 for four nights.We are NOT picky, demanding guests.When we arrived in our room it was very warm inside, but were assured it would cool down with the a/c turned on high. By 10 p.m. that evening there had been no progress and a technician arrived. Verdict : cannot be fixed. Temperature outside stll over 100 degrees.Not a problem at this point since we realize mechanical things do breakdown.Upon our request for a new room, the staff exhibited a complete lack of sensitivity to the problem, treated us in a rude manner and showed a complete lack of curtesy. In fact the first comment by the front desk was what do you want me to do about it?, then  you will have to deal with it.Although we were eventually moved to a different room, the a/c in this facility leaves something to be desired during the peak summer months.At no time did any Marriott person offer any apology for our inconvenience or show any sense of caring.When all systems function correctly it is easy to run the ship. When problems arise, the true test of quality service starts. In this situation Marriott Desert Ridge failed.As a side comment, be sure before you stay here that you want a mega complex with all the associated large crowds, noise and a very crowded pool area with no cabanas and very few umbrellas. The main pool area has approximately twenty five lounge chairs lined up side by side and four to five rows deep. A real meat market set up. Also, large business groups are present with all their drawbacks to the casual visitors experience.We checked out after one night and went to the Four Seasons, Scottsdale where we thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PHX_Travel
<Content>Muggy rooms in the summertime My husband had a lengthy conference at the JW Marriot Desert Ridge the end of July. While the lobby and grounds were beautiful, the hotel has major problems with its air conditioning. We were assigned a beautiful suite overlooking the pool, and we could not get the room temperature below 83 degrees. The hotel's engineering department admitted that the rooms at the end of the halls are also at the end of their cooling loop and do not get adequate cooling. In addition, our lovely bathroom that was big enough to have a dance floor in it, had no vents or air conditioning supply. It was unbearable. We literally kept the door open with fans blowing the slightly cooler air from the hallway (which was still very warm) into the room. The hotel moved us to another room in the area....but same problem. We finally gave up our suite and moved to a standard room closer to the lobby and the air conditioning was at best, adequate (we kept our fan!). MANY of the conference rooms were too hot, and other rooms seemed to be cool then hot, as if the hotel was moving its inadequate cooling capabilities around. The pool areas are nice, and service was ok...beyond the seemingly unfixable air conditioning problem.If you're thinking of booking a conference/meeting at this property in the summer, my advice is don't do it. If you're just wanting to take the family for a night or two, ask for a centrally located room and it will probably be ok.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BaronVonH
<Content>A Marriott on steroids We stayed at the hotel because of a business conference, not so much by choice, and I think we would have chosen elsewhere, if not for the business conference. The rate was quite high for the off-season, considering the level of service and the quality of the room. Maybe if I was a golfer I would have been more excited, but this resort is out on the edge of town, a 20-30 minute drive from the nightlife of Scottsdale. The hotel is big, and I think that may be part of the problem. It's very dificult to provide top service to over a thousand guests. House cleaning was quite slow and the halls seemed to be filled with maids carts all the time. We had numerous problems getting internet connections (should be better at a nearly new hotel), and the staff weren't much help. Wireless and high-speed in the room were two separate charges, for each computer. In fairness, the hotel did remove most of our Internet charges.There are several food options, quite acceptable and reasonably priced, given that this is an expensive resort. The pools are very nice, and they are generously staffed with attendants. The pool area seemed to be the most service-oriented part of the hotel. Many other folks were going through the motions or a little rough around the edges. This is not a Ritz-Carlton.This a very nice property, and families will enjoy a trip to this resort more than a trip to Las Vegas. But the place didn't feel that special, and I think I would have preferred to stay at one of the more established resorts closer in to the center of Scottsdale (most of which are the same price or less expensive.)  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>K3c
<Content>Love it I have stayed at this hotel twice. The rooms are wonderful, the staff friendly, a vacation it iself. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ArtiesBear
<Content>Not impressed... My husband and I just returned from a weekend getaway at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge. We鈥檙e Phoenix residents, but like to check out the local hotels and spas. This was our first visit to this property. We have stayed at other JW Marriott properties and were impressed. Not so with this property. The lobby and grounds are beautiful. The staff and service were mostly unremarkable. Probably the biggest drawback was the room. Rather than the usual luxurious JW standard, it was more like 鈥淛W meets Courtyard by Marriott.鈥?If you want luxury, this is not the resort for you. There was nothing elegant about the room. It was simply standard. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean, but beyond that, we were not impressed. Further, the hallways leading to the guestrooms were hot and muggy. It was as if they were trying to conserve electricity by keeping the AC set at an uncomfortably high temperature. In addition, the hallways had an odd odor that we likened to dry cleaning fluid. We visited the spa on Saturday, enjoying two treatments each. The treatments themselves were fine, but the spa lacks the luxury of its competitors in this resort category. The wet areas are minimal, and overall, the spa accommodations are only so-so. We did enjoy the spa pool, which is much less crowded than the other pools at the resort. It was quiet and relaxing, with the exception of an inconsiderate guest yapping continuously on her cell phone. The Spa Bistro served tasty food with efficient, courteous service. We dined at Roy鈥檚, where the service was exceptional and the food on par with other Roy鈥檚 locations. I will return to this Roy's location. However, I will not stay at this property again. Given a choice, I would book the Camelback Inn, which has a sumptuous spa and guest accommodations that offer what I expect from a JW Marriott.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five Days of Relaxation and Pampering!!!       Lobby, looking down from the Fifth Floor  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Huneymooners
<Content>Kindergarten on crack A very nice sprawling resort, however, I think every single kid under the age of 12 in all of Arizona was there!! Go the the Westin Kierland. That is where we stayed the 3rd and 4th nights of our golf trip, muuuuch better.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ignore the hype - especially on July 4th Weekend Reading all of the reviews on this site, my wife and I decided to stay at the JW Marriott over the 4th July period, and I have to say the hype does not match the resort. OK, a nice, lavish, well decorated hotel it is, but there are many negatives. The Lazy River was not so much lazy as manic, and there were countless people smoking on rafts and drinking from brought in cans of beer - more like the Salt River than the lazy River. The hotel clearly does not splash out on air conditioning the common areas, a clear issue when it is 110 degrees. The drinks are overpriced, and the service was average - definitely nothing to amaze. I have travelled extensively throughout the world, and have never seen a valet service staffed entirely by 17 and 18 year old kids, nor been refused access to walk around the pool area as I did not have the designated wrist band on. If you are looking for a pampered, exceptionally serviced, secluded and relaxed stay, go to the Boulders in Carefree - a far superior resort, and over this weekend, $40 a night cheaper than the marriott.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Maxesparents
<Content>Some problems that need to be adressed We stayed two nights at this resort, and there are negative points that need to mentioned:1. This hotel caters mainly to conventioneers and - especially during summer - to local families and kids by offering huge discounts. During our stay, the hotel was overflowing with kids - there must have been 600-700 every day. It is a well known secret that locals staying here have friends sneak in all the time for free to use the room and the pools. You can imagine the noise level by those crowds. This is definitely not a place for adults to relax. We had to change our room after three unsupervised teens started a screaming contest next door. Expect a huge unruly kindergarden, not a resort.2. Parking: The hotel unfortunately allows its staff to use a huge part of the closest parking area. The reason is that management attempts to force you to use the valet service ($ 20 per day). If you decide to do self parking, expect long walks in 110-115 degrees. 3. Service: The food at Tuscany was wonderful (salmon/steak), the service understaffed and extremly slow. The chef de cusine came in person to our table to take our order, as she seemed to recognize the service problems. Thanks, chef!4. Housekeeping: Has problems to get rooms cleaned in time. When returning at 3 or 4 pm, do not expect that your room has been freshened up.For someone looking for a quiet and relaxing stay, there are much better choices in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JLFERG
<Content>Sizzlin' Resort in Phoenix I spent three nights at this resort while attending a conference with a colleague. We were impressed with the rooms, their size and amenities. Beautiful bathrooms too. Great pools and lush grounds (around the desert foliage). But my favorite part of the resort was all of the little bunnies hopping around. There must be more than 100 of them. They are some of the smallest wild rabbits I have ever seen (and I have seen a lot of them). This resort also has some amazing birds--Great Blue Heron, Black (Midnight) Herons--things I didn't expect to see in the desert, but the manmade bodies of water at the resort seem to beckon them. I've been to a lot of conferences, and I must say that the resort catering company puts on a delicious spread--breakfast, lunch and snacks plus out-of-this world Starbucks coffee service, complete with shakers of cinnamon, chocolate and vanilla and liquid vanilla and caramel so you can make your own flavored lattes. Roy's restaurant lived up to the rest of the change providing fresh from the ocean seafood and topnotch drinks. Blue Sage offers a fitness omelet that was absolutely delicious and made me think I was far from eating health food. I like it so much, I ordered it two of the four days I was there. Blue Sage also makes great salads. Only their lunch menu is skimpy.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cm1661
<Content>Fantastic stay This was my second visit to the resort in a little less than a year and the second time was even better than the first which is hard to believe considering that the first visit was spectacular as well. From the time that you drive up to the door, the staff is waiting to greet you with a smile on their face and literally sprinting to open your car door for you and then sprinting to open the lobby door as well. Our room was on the lobby level which was very convenient and the room was not your average hotel room by any means. The 5 pools on site were amazing especially the Lazy River which although crowded was a joy to float around. We stayed for 4 nights and the Vista lounge is a perfect place to sit outside in the desert air and enjoy cocktails before and after dinner. The pool restaurant Just a Splash is a great place for lunch or a snack while you sit by the pool as well. This resort makes sure you do not have to leave and who would want to, finally, enough cant be said about the nature of the staff, every single one of them was friendly, accomodating and had a smile on their face and a comment of good morning etc. I am returning in a few months for hopefully another magical stay.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tc999
<Content>Incredible place to relax - fantastic! I can see why this is the #1 rated resort in Phoenix. The pool and lazy rizer are awesome, very well done. Even got a neat little waterslide. The grounds are very clean, the rooms are comfortable. Although I was there for one day, I'm thinking of returning. Walking into the lobby, there's fresh water and ice tea which hit the spot when its 100 degrees out. Staff was very accomodating, although it took until about 5:30 to check into our room when they said 4pm. And they didn't call my cell to remind me as they said they would. Little annoyance. We locked in a $160 AAA rate and was well worth it. We ate lunch by the pool which was pretty tasty. The drinks at the pool are nice and strong, but of course, you will pay dearly for it. Hard to believe its a Marriott.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>weeniedog2000
<Content>Treated like celebrities I have been in the travel industry for almost 25 years, but was not familiar with this property. A friend from the PHX area told me about it, and now I'm ready to shout about it from the top of Camelback Mountain--this is THE place to stay. I've been to a lot of nice places, but with all honesty, with this hotel we all felt like celebrities from the moment we stepped in the door. The employees are extremely professional and courteous. Everyone had a smile on their face, and was friendly and helpful. The hotel is beautiful, the grounds are gorgeous, and the rooms, while standard size, are very pretty and the bathroom was very spacious. We loved the pools, especially the Lazy River, and other touches including the poolside movies and the complimentary botanical walks with a local geologist. There was relaxing New Age type music playing in their botanical garden, and sometimes in their dining areas. It added to the natural setting, as did the baby bunnies, quail families, and hummingbirds that we saw on a regular basis. I would like to place golf there sometime--just not when it's 111 degrees outside. A wonderful hotel, in a nice setting. There is also a large shopping and entertainment complex nearby, so there is plenty to do.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aztravlgrl
<Content>I did not want to leave I became very ecstatic about my visit to this resort when I read the reviews on this website that I felt that I had to do my own review upon return. Well, I'm back and here I am - and I have wonderful things to say about this place!I only stayed here for one night because I am a local resident.. but oh my goodness, it was so wonderful. We requested early check-in and arrived at the resort around 1pm. We were helped promptly (no line) and given the keys to our room. We were on the 4th floor (the infamous free laundry floor) and our room was non-smoking with a King sized bed. The view, even though the front desk clerk said was wonderful, was interrupted by nearby buildings. However, I said we were locals so mountain views aren't really too new to us anyway. The room appeared clean, except for the week-old newspaper and towel on the armoire and the broken nightstand door... otherwise everything else was fine. The bed was WONDERFUL - we slept through the night in peace. We had a spa package through the hotel - a great deal - 2 spa treatments, daily spa access, a room, and breakfast for two at the blue sage all for $289.... not bad. I have nothing but great things to say about the Revive Spa. We received a hot stone treatments and afterwards I used the sauna and steam rooms. There is also a pool in the back. Men and women are split throughout, except for the pool area and the bistro. The staff was very helpful, and there is everything a person needs to relax at this spa. There are also showers stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body wash, shave gel, razors, etc - and mouthwash at the sinks. I loved it so much I came back early this morning (yes, we came back today) to sit in the steam room. I'm thinking about going back just to spend the day there sometime in the future. Last night we ate at the shopping center across the street and had dessert at the Meritage Steakhouse. This morning we had our complimentary breakfast at the Blue Sage which was very filling (we did the buffet). We didn't have time for the lazy river, but it is basically a pool that is about three feet deep with jets to move the tubes along - great attraction for kids. The property is beautiful - even though I am from this area it really felt like a vacation. We enjoyed walking on the trails and over the bridges. The parkinig lot is far away, but if you look around the property, you might find some spaces closer to the room once you're checked in. One more thing: Even though I was there for just a night, it felt like a 3-day vacation! Definitely worth it!Anyway, go to this resort if you want a night away from the everyday stresses of life! :)  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>On Target Absolutely the customer centric experience you would expect at a JW hotel! We checked my 82 year old mother into the JW at Desert Ridge in Phoenix for a two night stay during a family gathering because of a lack of space at my home....she ended up staying 5 nights. And why not....the hotel staff, especially in the restaurants, pampered her as though she was a VIP. From a stay of convenience, her experience at the JW became her special vacation.During her first visit to one of the casual breakfast restaurants, my mother ordered a bagel requesting that it be particularly soft, a requirement when you reach that age. The waitress ended up bringing her a warmed croissant noting that the bagels, while fresh, would present a challenge to chew. My mother loved the personalized attention but really appreciated the compassion.Our family took advantage of her stay to enjoy the incredible poolside facilities (water slide, lazy river float experience, tree shaded areas, etc.); my mother put on a bathing suit for the first time in 10-15 years. If you can motivate her into a bathing suit at 82 years old, you have passed the that's incredible threshold.Lastly, her mobility is somewhat limited necessitating a longer wait with the car at the front entrance; the greet staff was courteous, patient and understanding.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelfrmaz
<Content>OMG, What a Great Place I took the kids to Scottsdale to go shopping on Sunday and we decided at the last minute to go down the night before. We were able to get a room, a good deal in the summer too. When we arrived we were greated by the valet who took our car promptly and unloaded things for us. There were four of us in our party and the room was just a bit small but that was because the beds are small. But we were fine with that and even had a roll away brought up which was nice. We ate dinner at the golf club steak house. Nice but the service was slow a bit and they forgot a lot. It was quite expensive too and we kept feeling like we were being watched or something. You know the feeling, like everyone thinks that you dont belong there. But we ignored that and had a good meal. We swam that night in one of the pool and that was nice and relaxing. While we did that we could hear the live music playing in the patio area which made the moolight even more special. We did use roomservice for night snacks and that was prompt and good. That is 24 hours too. The bathroom was beautiful with a seperate shower and tub. Everything in marble and well stocked. The bath goodies that they give you are wonderful and we had to get some from the spa store to take home so we could have them there too. The beds are very very comfortable and I slept well. However, fitting two people on the bed if they arent children is quite hard. For two adults a King Bed would be best. In the morning we had breakfast at the Blue Sage Restr. on the grounds and that was wonderful and well priced. I will go back there over and over again to eat when we visit. The pool area is nice, however if you are going to swim at night be sure to take your own towel as there are none around the pool area that are clean. In the morning however you can find clean towels and a good place to sit around the lazy river or the pools. The service at the pools is great and prompt. We are going back at the end of the month because we loved it so much. They way that they have laid this property out is wonderful and they have decorated it beautifuly. This is the place that our family will go over and over again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hani's Oldest
<Content>Excellent Resort We just returned from a six day vacation at the Desert Ridge Resort in Phoenix, AZ. We stayed there on a great deal through the Marriott Vacation Club package. We paid only $75 per night (for the first 4 nights). We were required to take a 90 minute tour of the Canyon Villas (on the grounds of the JW) which were beautiful. The resort is beautiful. The rooms were very clean and organized. The pool area was wonderful. There were always chairs and towels. The staff serving the pool area was constantly serving pitchers of water (free). The shopping area across the street provided additional dining options as well as entertainment. We will visit this resort again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Travlin'Bug
<Content>Wonderful Getaway... no need to leave the grounds! My husband  I stayed at this resort in Dec. '05, and it was a wonderful experience... the most luxurious resort we'd ever stayed in. The grounds are immaculate and the aroma is refreshing as you stroll past the herbal gardens. The many pools are incredible, and spread out enough that couples can find a quiet spot to enjoy the Arizona weather on one side of the resort while families are enjoying the the lazy river with the kids on the other side. The views of the mountains are spectacular, and my husband enjoyed the challenging golf course. The restaurants are excellent, many on site, and there is a Starbucks in one of many halls. While we were there, a handbell choir entertained with Christmas Carols one evening; a jazz band the following night. The outdoor fireplaces are a great place to relax in the evening  staffed to serve you if you'd like a coffee by the fire. The spa is equally wonderful and it has it's own private pool reserved for spa guests... a quiet place to relax. The rooms are luxurious and the beds very comfortable; the bathrooms are beautiful and spacious. You don't have to leave the resort for anything... a very pleasing  relaxing getaway. Yet, it is a great location if you choose to venture out  shop in Scottsdale or drive to the mountains... upscale shopping  restaurants are nearby. We will definitely return again, and maybe someday bring the kids to enjoy the pools. You won't be dissappointed!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SPA, STARBUCKS, SERVICE DOES NOT GET ANY BETTER This was my wife and I second stay at Marriot Desert Ridge. First visit a year ago was a 9.5 on a scale of 10. This years stay was an 11.  After some small glitches with our room on our first trip May of 05, the Desert Ridge this year did more than make up for it. Great room, great hospitality, Spa, Starbucks, Roys, Lazy river, this place is hard to beat for the journey from Seattle. Attentive staff full of smiles and doors opened for you at every corner just a great experience. Spa treatments were top notch. My wife and I have been to The Grand Wailea in Maui as well as other well known spas in the Western US and this one is right up there.  Many resturants inside the hotel but Roys stands out. A mix of traditional Hawaiian flavors with a mix of seafoods,steaks and other choices that make you go YUMMYYYYYY.  The pools are amazing with our favorite being the lazy river where one can just float around the proporty, and let you cares melt away. The spa has an adults only pool which is nice if the kids becaome a distraction. We find May a great time to go because of the weather, but also the hotel is not packed with spring breakers. Overall just a great trip, perfect for three or four days. Lot shorter of a flight to Phoniex than Hawaii... Temps around 100 but no humidity so like 90 in Hawaii.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Getaway at Desert Ridge We just returned from a four day getaway at the Desert Ridge Resort in Phoenix, AZ. We were upgraded to a view room upon arrival and treated courteously by all the staff. You are left with the impression that the employees at the Desert Ridge enjoy their work at the resort. The Starbucks on site made for a wonderful start to our mornings. You could enjoy a weekend with someone special or with your family. The Desert Ridge has ample room to find peace and quiet as well as enjoyable family activities. The Lazy River was a highlight of our stay. There is a large shopping area less than a mile away with movie theaters and addional dining options. There were three of us staying at the resort and we all had treatments at the Revive Spa. Ask for Constance. The clay wrap was divine!  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ColoradoGolfNut
<Content>Fabulous Marriot Resort My wife and I spent the Easter weekend at the JW Marriot Desert Ridge Spa and Resort. This resort was absolutely fabulous. The outstanding service started the moment we arrived. It was amazing to arrive at 7:30am in morning from a flight, and have a room waiting for you. The staff was superb. Courteous, professional, and most of all, helpful. They went out of their way to ensure you had whatever you needed. The facility was superior. The pools and the lazy river raft ride were clean and inviting, especially after a round of golf on one of the two world class golf courses. The Wildfire Golf Club was truly worth the trip. We enjoyed both the Arnold Palmer and Nick Faldo courses so much that we played 18 holes on one day and 36 holes the next. The Pro Shop staff was always courteous and treated golfers to a memorable golf experience. Everything from cleaning and packing your clubs, to having your cart ready to go in the morning with your clubs already on board. We had a chance to sample all of the restaurants in the resort, all were very good. The Meritage Steak House, Roys, and the Blue Sage all served delicious food in a relaxed resort atmosphere. Especially nice was having a Starbucks right off the lobby of the hotel. More hotels should take note of that feature. Phoenix and the JW Marriot Desert Ridge Spa and Resort are definitely on all of our travel plans for the future.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise oasis in the desert The moment I pulled into the grounds of the hotel I was blown away by the size of the resort. Soon as I stepped out of the towncar that took us from the airport I was greeted by the wonderful resort staff who welcomed me to Phoenix. Then the bell staff took my luggage and then up to the room, along the way he was telling us about the area and what to and not do to in Phoenix. I planned a side trip to the Grand Canyon and he even told us the best way to get there. We had a standard room which was very nice for 2 people. Beautiful bathrooms are the norm. Bed is very confortable and easy to fall asleep on. We had a nice view of the grounds on our balcony and was nice just to sit out there and enjoy the weather and ambient sounds of the resort. The hotel restaurants are all great and the food is top notch. I highly recommend the butterfish at Roy's and the Salmon dish at the italian place there (forgot the name). When you get out to the main pool area (which there are a lot of different pools) you get to experience how nice the place really is. There are waterfalls, tons of desert flowers, cacti, etc to look at. There were plenty of chairs available and the area was not overly crowded at all. We were there on the weekend and you still can find a place to sit, even in the afternoon. You can sit anywhere and the staff will come by and take your food and drink order and you can eat right by the pool. The lazy river is great to get out of the hot sun and you can relax in there for hours on end just floating aournd. They even have a waterslide for the kids. I saw all different types of people, families, etc, so everyone is welcome here and kids are not a problem. They have 2 fitness centers, one where you have to pay $10 for that includes other spa services, and a free one, which I used and is better than your average hotel gym. They had 8 new treadmills, ellipitcals, free weight area, bikes, etc. Better weight machines are in the pay gym though. Golf courses are well maintained and very challenging. I do not play golf that much, but it was one of the nicest courses I have played. There are 2 and I played the Faldo one. They have a car rental place in the hotel so you can rent a car, like we did and drive to the Grand Canyon or other places. We were with a group of people who paid for our stay at the hotel, if not I am sure I could not afford the $300 plus a night. It is a bit pricy, but worth the trip. One of the nicest resorts I have ever stayed at!! The only small problem I had was there were a lot of birds flying around. Just watch your food so they do not start picking at it!!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelerMelbourne
<Content>Awesome resort, but pricey Breathtaking surrounds, quiet, excellent attentive staff, but way too pricey unless you can get room for a reduced rate. Rooms are above average but not for the listed price. Pools and golf course excellent. Free laundromat  detergent a bonus. Convenient mall 15 min walk from resort with alternative meal choices. No convenient transport except by resort's towncar.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	2	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't waste you money We requested a pool view and instead we recieved a view of constuction going on out side our balcony! When we spoke to the manager he just brushed us off and refused to deal with it! Finally after 2 days they changed our rooms to a different location not really any better but at least we didn't hear constuction going on in the morning. We didn't find the hotel to be very clean and it is extremely expensive, not worth the money. I had a drink at the pool and it was $14!!! Please keep away!!!!!NYC  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Fe
<Content>Would returen in a heartbeat... Been here before...loved it! Returned once again...loved it even more and didn't evenhave time to experience everything. Pools were fantastic...splurge and tan outat the Spa pool for a more serene atmosphere. Although I didn't have a spa treatment,I did attend spin classes at the spa which were quite a workout...bring your SPDcompatible cycling shoes...they have compatible spin bikes. The spa has a workoutroom that you can use for a nominal fee. A fee-less work-out room is also availablebut I found that to be quite crowded in the morning. Didn't have time to golf...I'll do thatnext time. I'll have a spa treatment next time.Room was comfortable and quiet. Beds like clouds. Large bathrooms with manyamenities. Efficient housekeeping.Food...excellent, but pricey. Tuscany--lovely Italian with great waitstaff. Roy's--hoppin' place with eclectic Asian. Meritage--a beef eaters paradise...ask for waiterJose! Poolside bar--huge salads and entrees feed two. Even the food at theconference I was attending was good--mounds and mounds of fresh berries!Looking forward to my next visit!!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>denvrgal
<Content>Easter fun Went for a quick getaway Easter weekend with our 2 kids. Great resort, great weather, great fun. Our kids were in the pools all day, every day. They loved the lazy river, water slide and other pools. Pool food was decent and found prices here at the pool (for food  drink) acceptable. Ate most dinners at Dessert Ridge mall across the street (since our kids don't really appreciate fine dining) which consisted of Mimi Cafe, Rock Bottom Brewery, BJs Brewery (chicago style pizza), and On the Border. There are others too, but that's some of the choices. We did eat dinner one night at the resort at Tuscany (Easter dinner) - it was just ok. There were shortages on Sat  Sun of towels at the pool - for a long time on Saturday. Also, we had probelems not getting towels in our room from the cleaning service, and then when we did, the nightime service would take them away and not replace them. I feel this was an issolated incident though and not respresentative of the overall stay. Our kids participated in the free Easter activities, which were well organized. All in all, a great place  we would return. The only thing I would change, is we had 2 beds and they were doubles, not queens. I don't see why they can't fit queens instead, they have the room and adults traveling with their kids would be more comfortable.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AllieBrookie
<Content>Impressed with the Desert Ridge My husband and I visited this hotel in early April for a weekend getaway for some sunshine. Our main purpose was to relax, and this hotel was perfect for that. We spent two days lounging by the pools, enjoying the lazy river (fun even for adults!) and the excellent pool-side drink and lunch service.We ate dinner at the resort two nights -- one night at Roy's and one night at the Meritage Steakhouse. Roy's was excellent and we'd highly recommend it, but we do not recommend the steakhouse. Service there was terrible and the steaks weren't that great either -- especially for the high prices. We loved the Starbucks that was on-site. It was so wonderful to have a leisurely morning, sipping our Starbucks on the store's patio and enjoying the beautiful desert botanical gardens.We found the hotel rooms to be of decent size. The bedding was wonderful and bathrooms were nice. Everything felt very new and was very clean.We wouldn't hesitate to return to this hotel again!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pwrshift
<Content>Overpriced small rooms but beautiful hotel resort.       Cloud Club (concierge) room costs $150 a day  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>schnoodlelover
<Content>Fabulous place for family trip on Spring break       View of the pool area  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NoRoadWarrior
<Content>The nicest Starbucks we've ever visited       Lazy river view  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mikedoylestown
<Content>DO YOURSELF A FAVOR Well done Marriott.Wonderful three day stay.Great room. Dining outside.Superb staff (some interns from Germany were also exceptional)Beautiful grounds.Water? Everywhere. Pools, rivers, splashing fountains. Stunning at nite.Only downer was room ac did not work in winter.Loved it so much bought a timeshare.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>longtimeresident
<Content>hang out in this beautiful hotel If, like me, one of your hobbies is luxury hotels, you might like to see this one. The grounds and the public areas are georgeous. So many palm trees! We were there during the great weather in March, and the huge hotel lobby was open to the outside pool area, making it feel very spacious and inviting. You can sit around fire pits, near the pool, in the lobby, or back by the golf course. A great hotel for hanging out, and at these high spring prices, you want to and get your money's worth. The lazy river is perfect for kids. The spa is beautiful, and you can spend hours there just relaxing. Just across a street is an upscale shopping center with many restaurants and a grocery store, so it is great for families. The only thing I would not rave about are the rooms - the bathrooms are wonderful, but the rooms themselves are slightly above standard Marriott. But most have incredible views! I have stayed at many nice hotels and this is one of the most pleasant for just spending time.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HockeyMomNJ
<Content>Beautiful Resort Hotel My husband  I spent 3 nights at his hotel for a business conference he was attending. The hotel is huge and very beautiful! The staff was very attentive although on the second day we did tell the front desk that our coffee maker wasn't working and also that we would like non-down pillows. Neither problem was ever taken care of to our satisfaction. Our room was clean and spacious - the bathroom was enormous! Had lunch one day at the poolside restaurant. Good casual food, reasonably priced. The spa was overpriced for what you got. We each booked massages. My husband was satisfied with his but I don't think I got the quality of massage that I've experienced elsewhere. There's a shuttle bus to take you to the resort condos or across the road to a nice shopping mall. Also a shuttle to take you to the airport. (Not one that you can take from the airport to the hotel, though.) Otherwise you need a car to get anywhere. Taxis turned out to be very expensive. Did not get to try out the lazy river or any of the pools since Phoenix was having unusually cold weather at the time. Overall we would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>luvs2travel69
<Content>Very Nice Hotel My husband  I went to the resort for a 4 day long weekend getaway. We took our 3.5 year old son with us and had a great time. The hotel lobby was beautiful and our room was nice, a little small but not a big deal for us because we were hardly in it. The beds were super comfortable! The hotel grounds  landscaping were beautiful and the pools were nice and heated. The location of the hotel was great. Directly across the street there were plenty of restaurants and shopping. Also, a movie theater. The restaurants at the hotel seemed high in price, again not a big deal to us because we dined at the local restaurants across the street. The hotel offers a child day camp (kokopelli) for ages 4 to 12. We were planning to let our son go for a half day but when we arrived, only 2 older kids were there and we found out that all the kids hang out together in one area. They dont have age specific activities. This may not be a big deal to some families, but my husband and I felt uncomfortable since there were no kids his age and we didnt let him stay. For the most part the staff were friendly, although we did find some of the staff to be rude  we did have one negative encounter with a valet attendant. Overall our stay was very nice and we would come back again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Cynergy
<Content>Wow!! I don't know when I've ever been this impressed with a hotel/resort. I now have a new gold standard for service. I can't say enough about the pristine facility, the attentive and knowledgeable staff or the quality of offerings. This is a beautiful resort - huge and well-kept with gorgeous grounds, several swimming pool areas and (according to my husband) two top-drawer golf courses. Our room was lovely although nothing outside a standard Marriott or Renaissance room, but the bathroom was stellar - big and well-appointed. Our room was in a back wing, facing the spa building and was extremely quiet and peaceful with the added bonus of great sunset views! Every staff member we came in contact with was very courteous and every one of our questions was answered without hesitation. I've never been treated so well. And I must say a word about the on-site restaurants, at least the three I experienced. Breakfast at Blue Sage was surprisingly good (go for a Mexican breakfast entree - delicious!), lunch at Meritage Steakhouse (on the patio) was delightful and dinner at Roy's was exceptional. This Roy's far surpassed the one on Maui, expecially the ambiance and service, which was enthusiastic and detailed. And I love having Starbucks at my disposal - in the morning and in the evening. And we were surprised at the reasonable dining prices, especially after just being in Las Vegas (where prices are outlandish). This resort has a lot to recommend it - and I do - - highly!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>amlamay
<Content>Great Service! I'm not sure that the pp stayed at the same place as me!! This place was amazing. The service unbelievable. As soon as you got there valet was waiting checking in was flawless even though we were 6 hours before check-in time. The rooms were nice but nothing so special for the price. But they were definatly clean. We had our 8 month old son, they had a crib in our room and a pack and play for us to carry around with us. The pools were a dream. We popped up the Pack and Play put up an umbrella and all enjoyed the day. The pool was large but had several strips and smaller pools for privacy for those of us that are not excited about how we look in a bathing suit. The service at the pool was good and drinks were $9 but you could double the size for $13.50. So $6-7 per drink which really isn't bad for a pricey resort.The concierge was amazing. They recommend two different off the beaten path restaurants that were wonderful and full of character. There are little firepits throughout the resort. We mentioned while stand at the concierge desk it would be fun to make smore's. The girl working the counter started a furious search (9PM) for supplies for us. She called the executive chef at home and asked where to find marshmallows... we kept telling her don't do this we can go to the store! She kept insisting she would find them, after waiting a few minutes we told her we would go to our room and to call if she happened upon them. She told us earlier she was off at 9:30. At about 10 we had knock on our door. We opened it, she had went to the store, after her shift, and bought us stuff to make them!! My husband kept saying, Wow there are still people like that in the world?Our whole experience was delightful! Yes... it is pricey but if you're going to spend that much this resort is awesome!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pmschneidau
<Content>Beautiful, but pricey My wife and I just spent two nights here for a short getaway to warm weather. My wife works for Marriott, and I stay in hotels over 150 nights a year, so we both have a good basis for comparing hotels to each other. First of all, the resort is beautiful. The gardens are immaculate and go beyond just being pretty. There is just something about a stylish building (that's only 6 stories tall) surrounded by ponds, fountains, pools, lawns, flowers, golf courses, and LOTS of palm trees. You could easily mistake this for a Hawaiian island setting. Our room was above average, overall. It was pretty big, with a large bathroom and bright walls, it was very clean, and there is a hint of some kind of flower perfume that is pleasant when you walk in. I was surprised that for $500 a night, though, that guests still have to pay $10 daily if they want internet access. You can stay at Courtyard by Marriott for under $100 w/ free internet.The pools were very warm at 86 degrees, and the Lazy River was nice and relaxing. There seems to be lots and lots of space for guests at the pools - hundreds of lounge chairs. The fitness center is great - all new equipment, including cardio w/ individual televisions, free weights, and machines.All of the hotel staff was very professional and pleasant. We ate at Roy's one night and off-property for all other meals. Roy's was nothing to write home about. We had eaten at the one in Pebble Beach, which was very good, but this one was about a 7 out of 10. We ordered the appetizer sampler platter, and everything was delicious, though pricey at $25. The entrees we ate were two of Roy's signature dishes - macadamia nut encrusted mahi-mahi w/ lobster Cognac sauce and soy-glazed butterfish. Both fish were cooked well and tasted good, but lacked depth of flavor. They was no explosion of flavors in the mouth. So, the meal was good, but not outstanding in my opinion. Service was very slow every step of the way, from taking our order, to getting a drink, to getting dessert (it took over 30 minutes even though we ordered the souffle with our dinner order, as recommended on the menu). They came around early on and gave us each 1 breadroll (yum!), but despite my requests for another roll, we never saw the bread guy again the entire night.There are plenty of places to eat near the hotel, if you don't want to go fancy all the time. We spent a whole day in Old Town Scottsdale. We highly recommend a sundae at The Sugar Bowl and authentic Mexican food at Los Olivos.So, I think the Marriott is a very nice hotel, but probably a bit pricey for the average traveler, espescially considering the cost of eating on-site.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible!! I have to say that I absolutely could not WAIT to leave this place. Granted I was there for a conference but still. The room was ok (but stains on carpet and ceiling) but very standard Marriott, nothing special AT ALL. The service was, with VERY few exceptions, absolutely terrible. Food was ok. Note that this hotel was built to take advantage of the HUGE conferences that take place in AZ around this time of year. Do not, and I repeat DO NOT, think about going there for a vacation. Horrible!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>stonemanmb
<Content>Best Hotel in Scottsdale My Girlfriend and I stayed at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge the week between Christmas and New Years in December. We couldn't have been any happier with it. From the moment we got there, we were treated like royalty. The hotel is gorgeous, and the water/fire/earth/sky motif is just amazing. So many waterfalls and fountains around, it just feels so relaxing. After getting to our first room, we decided that since we'd be staying for a week, we would like a room with a better view, and they gladly gave us one overlooking the botanical gardens and the driving range. The restaurants are delicious, and it was a treat to sit by the pool and enjoy a margarita and the cobb salad.The golf is a little pricey ($190/round), so we decided to use the driving range each day. We couldn't have had a better time.There are so many shops in close proximity to the resort, we felt like we were in heaven.The Spa is amazing, and to fully enjoy it you need to spend the entire day there. We had lunch, sat by the pool, and got a couples massage. It was all AMAZING!The only downside was that on the day we checked out, we were awakened by a fire alarm at 4am. We had to scurry outside, and the desert air is mighty crisp that early! This is the nicest resort we have ever stayed in, and we will come back again and again.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flygirla
<Content>Loved this hotel! My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 days for a conference. First of all, the hotel and grounds are absolutely beautiful. Four heated pools and a heated lazy river that was fabulous. The food at all the hotel restaurants were great except for the Meritage Steakhouse- I didn't care for my meal there. Be prepared for the prices, though. Everything is way overpriced, but since it's a resort I expected that. They have a private swimming area by the Spa and also a good restaurant there where they served healthy smoothies and salads. Also, the staff was super friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hazlejo
<Content>Loved It Everything about this place, my wife and I loved. I'm not going to be able to be objective in this review because I can't think of a thing that wasn't outstanding.The grounds, the lobby and the rooms are beautiful. Everyone was friendly and accomodating. There's a wonderful smell that permiates the place. They play this soft ambient music throughout the botanical garden. Our room was located on that side of the building and the smell and sounds at night set the tone for some of the world's best sleeping conditions. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was so elegant and stylish, my wife took a picture of it.The pools are beautiful, the lazy river had as many adults as kids lazing round and round most of the day. So many places to just flop and be comfortable. I'm not able to comment on the spa or golf, as I didn't use these facilities but I can tell you they were both also very pleasant to just be around.If there wasn't so many other places in the world I want to see, I'd come back to this place every chance I could. I don't think I've ever had a more wonderful and relaxing week in my life (outside of Maui).  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bdouty
<Content>Mixed feelings We just stayed at the Desert Ridge from 12/27 to 1/01.We had picked it over the Biltmore based on reviews here. It met but did not exceed our expectations. Big hotel, nice facilities but starting to show wear after only three years. Pretty crowded and noisy (Fiesta Bowl attendees) - good for families but not for couples who want a romantic getaway. Rooms nice but nothing special - beds could be improved. Service above average overall, especially in Cloud Club (but you're paying extra so it should be better). My husband is a serious golfer and gives good marks to both courses. But as a first time visitor to Phoenix, I must say I don't know what the attraction is other than the weather. Wasn't overly impressed by anything I saw there. Took a day trip to Sedona - that was impressive, especially views at Enchantment resort(and that gets spotty reviews). Tuscany restaurant meal very enjoyable, but at the Meritage steakhouse they were just about throwing the food at us. And I just wish people would learn to dress in something other than jeans in nicer resort restaurants. Nice break from Minneapolis weather, but I don't know if I'd return. My husband will, but year-round golf is the attraction for him.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cheesecake92
<Content>wonderful stay JW Desert Ridge We recently stayed with our family for Thanksgiving weekend at the JW Desert Ridge. We had a total of 3 rooms and chose to stay at the Cloud Club level, Executive Suite rooms. Glad we made that choice - the rooms were very comfortable, large  roomy, beautiful view of the mountains beyond, well maintained and housekeeping did a very good job. The Cloud Club level was excellent. They could not do enough for us and the Cloud Club level facility was the best! Breakfast was great - they offered something for everyone and if we did not see what we wanted - all we had to do was to ask and they accomodated us. Light tastings and drinks were available later in the day and coffee  dessert in the evenings. It worked out just perfectly for our family. The staff at the Cloud Club level was outstanding - Ken, Sharon, Laura - everyone else were unbelievably friendly.The hotel has amazing pools and the grounds are beautiful and very well kept. The lazy river pool is great fun as is the water slide.One evening they had a western singer outside with a fire going and had the children make s'mores over the open fire - it was a real treat!The food at the different restaurants were very good as were the service. Many choices to please our whole group. The only meal that we did not enjoy was dinner at Roy's. The food was good, not great - but the service was a nightmare.We all enjoyed treatments at the great spa. A beautiful facility and very well run.I like to stay at top quality hotels  definitely consider this hotel to be on my list of top quality resorts.It was a great Thanksgiving family trip and I highly recommend the JW Marriott Desert Ridge.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gogoyeeha
<Content>Had Great Experience Very Happy We stayed at JW Marriot Desert Ridge Resort for three nights in mid-November 2005. This is a beautiful resort with excellent grounds and rooms. Check in was smooth and the room we received was in a very good location, just steps from the exercise room and the 鈥渓azy river鈥?pool, and in close proximity to the main pool and the lobby areas. The room was ground floor, with a patio overlooking gardens and the golf course. A room one or two floors higher, with balcony, would have afforded a better view, but we were happy with ours. The room was very large, with king size bed, sofa, coffee table, two chairs, desk, television cabinet, and a huge marble/tile bathroom with both tub and separate shower (glass enclosed). The bathroom amenities were top-notch. The room was immaculate when we checked in and stayed that way while we were there. The room also included a digital safe and small fridge to the side of the mini-bar. The only complaint at all about the room is that the fridge did not keep things real cold, just cool. We had a small ice chest with us so things we wanted to be really cold we just iced down.The resort is quite large and spread out, so be prepared to walk. While valet parking is offered, it is not mandatory and self parking is available. It is quite a walk from the self park lot to the room wings so people that have mobility problems should be aware of that.The exercise room by the pool area is open 24 hours and is very well equipped with state of the art equipment. It was busy while we were there, but early morning visits usually found open treadmills. The spa was very nice and offers the typical services. It also has another pool available, but one must pay a daily spa fee to use it. This might be worth it when the resort is full of kids but while we were there we say maybe 4 children. There is also another exercise room located adjacent to the spa, but it is not open 24 hours.The grounds and the public areas are very nice. There are several dining options available in the resort, as well as a Starbucks for coffee drinks. There is of course lots of out door dining space. The bars at the main pool and the lazy river offer a wide selection of drinks (reasonably priced for a resort) and a nice selection of food (also not priced too badly) and make a nice place for a pool side lunch. We ate dinner at the resort only one evening, at Roy鈥檚, which was excellent. It was expensive but worth every cent. We both chose the fixed price menu which is good value at $33. It offers a very nice selection of Roy鈥檚 specialties served in three courses. Roy鈥檚 also has a nice wine list and offers some fairly inexpensive house wines (which were quite good) by the glass. We highly recommend Roy鈥檚.Just outside the gate of the resort is the Desert Ridge Shopping Center which offers a wide variety of dining options and many shops. Hint: if you want to buy liquor, beer or wine to stock the room, Osco Drugs is MUCH cheaper than the Albertsons Grocery store.Marriot offers a free shuttle to and from the shopping center so you could leave your car parked at the hotel. It runs until fairly late in the evening.We really enjoyed our stay and rate this hotel as excellent. We were able to relax around the pools, have some good food and drinks, and just chill, which we both badly needed. We found nothing to complain about at all and would not hesitate to return.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible service for wheel charis, really desapointed I stayed in this hotel in October 2003 when I could walk and I rated this hotel as a great one. What a disappointment for me two years later, this October 2005, when I traveled with my wheelchair after a spinal column problem and cancer, and when the employees from the entrance were there just for getting the easy tip for collect car keys and drive away, but were not available INMEDIATLY (as it was two years ago) to help me and my wife with any help we need for take up my wheelchair or take it down with my shopping bags. This happened in 11 of 12 occasions during a 5 days stay when we came in and out of the hotel for shopping, mass, etc. Hotel is beautiful, but their staff wasn't there for me. I would never stay at this hotel again, and of course will never recommend it to any of my friends  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! We really enjoyed our stay at this resort. Our package included free breakfast which was wonderful. We had a choice between the buffet or menu items. I chose the buffet which consisted of made to order omelettes, pancakes, and waffles. There were also many other pre-prepared hot and cold items to choose from. The resort itself is beautiful and makes you feel like you're miles and miles away from home. There was live entertainment in the evenings so you could sit outside and enjoy it. Roy's restaurant is excellent. It is open for dinner only. I recommend the Blackened Ahi Tuna and the chocolate souffle. It was so good that we had dinner there two nights in a row. The pools were crowded during the day, but it was too hot for us to be by the pools during the day anyway. We used the hot tubs and pools at night which was nice since it was less crowded. The fitness center was great. I especially liked that it was open 24 hours and there weren't any hidden resort fees to use the fitness center.My favorite part was Revive Spa. The facility is absolutely gorgeous. Treatment includes full use of the facility which includes a fitness center, steam room, showers, jacuzzi, sauna, as well as a beautiful outdoor pool and spa. There is a cute little restaurant that you can have lunch at after your massage. We actually had lunch in our robes and slippers. There is also a relaxation room that you can enjoy before and after your treatment. I had a Swedish massage one time and a Hot Stone Massage another time. I was not impressed with the Hot Stone Massage. Mainly because my therapist took too much time to prepare the stones which took away from my massage time.Lastly, the room itself was nice, very clean and comfortable. We had a beautiful view of the golf course.This is an expensive hotel, but there are great seasonal packages. We have been to many resorts and this is one of my favorites. I can't wait to return!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dobie102977
<Content>Mixed bag I just returned from Phoenix and a stay at the JW. Still conflicted on my feelings regarding our stay. My husband was out there for a conference and it just happened that our anniversary was the day after the conference ended. So I flew out a few days after he did and we just extended our stay. Overall I enjoyed it. The grounds are breathtaking! The food is great and everyone is very friendly. I really liked the location because it was located between Phoenix and Scottsdale and close to the freeway. It made getting around very easy. The staff was very helpful and always had smiles on their faces. Like I've already said the grounds are amazing. I really can't say enough about that and it really made up for the bad things (I'll get to those). There is a patio just outside the lobby that has several tables and lounge chairs with firepits and it was always the place to be in the evening and early morning. I really enjoyed taking a book and just hanging out. The pools are very nice and never seemed crowded.Okay so here are the few negatives. The pools weren't heated and it wasn't very comfortable to swim. However, this was in November. Second, I called two weeks in advance and spoke with someone at the hotel. I explained that my husband was going to be there for the conference but that I would be flying in halfway through the week for our anniversary. I told her it would be great if we could get a room with a good view and a king sized bed. When my husband got there he was put in a room with doubles. He told the front desk I would be there in 3 days for our anniversary and could they move him as soon as a king came available. So when I arrived 3 days later he was still in the doubles. We slept in seperate beds because I am 5 months pregnant and there was NO way we could both squeeze into one of those little beds. Not ideal on a romantic getaway. The next day we called and again requested a king room. We were called back around noon and were told our new room was ready and a bellman was on his way up to move us. We loaded everything up and made the trek across the hotel to our new room. When we opened up the door it was another double but the view was amazing (pools). The bellman called the front desk and explained we were wanting a king and again said it was for our anniversary. He was told which room to take us to but it was on the 3rd floor and overlooked the front drive! Not exactly romantic but we opted for the king vs. the view. This was the biggest problem we had. I know the hotel was sold out because of conferences. However, it just seems to me that someone would've thought to put more of the single business travelers into the doubles and leave the king rooms for couples. Also, over the course of a week can you really tell me there wasn't a king room with a decent view that came available. Also, my husband is a preferred Marriott reward holder. So much for rewarding loyalty that week.We did make the best of it and really enjoyed ourselves. Overall it was nice. Just a few little annoying things that keep me from giving it an Excellent. Not sure if we'd stay again. If we knew the room situation would be better we would. However, because of the volume of conferences that seems unlikely.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PYKZTF
<Content>Lovely grounds and great breakfast buffet Spent two days at this resort. Very clean and grounds were lovely. Got the package one night that included a full breakfast. The second night got the spa package which again included a full breakfast plus two 50 minute spa treatments. Breakfast was anything on the menu and included a buffet which was pretty much anything you can imagine-freshly made omelets, pancakes, many breakfast meats, potatoes and delicious fruit, not to mention sweets etc! It was great. We eat so well that we were not hungry until dinner. Spa was nice, facial was ok. Used the spa pool which was a bit more private.Biggest complaint was the fact I was ignored for an hour at the pool when I wanted something to drink. Every waiter didn't come near the area I was in. So strange, but I finally got someone's attention and service was fine.The Desert Ridge Marketplace was across the street and we ate our dinners there. The meals at the resort were expensive and a bit more expansive than we really wanted to eat. Starbucks on premises which was a nice touch as I like their coffee. The room is nice, nothing out of this world but comfy bed and very clean. Ask for a pool side room as they are the best. Do not get a room around the Isle of Capri unless you want to look at the most lifeless view in the resort. No color, no interest. We will try another resort on our next visit.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best resorts... My wife and I spent 3 nights at Desert Ridge on vacation and had a wonderful time. The hotel and property are beautiful. The hotel is only 3 years old and is in excellant condition. The room was great, with a large bathroom, balcony, and view of the moutains. The restaurants are very good - dinner at Roy's was a treat. Drinks are surprisingly cheap. 7 pools and an excellant spa. Palmer golf course is in great condition and 95 degree heat was not an issue. The thing we were most impressed with was the quality of the staff. EVERYONE was friendly and did a great job. They were the best staff we have ever experienced. We ate all of our meals outside and really enjoyed drinks on the patio overlooking the beautifully designed property. We highly recommend this resort!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful family resort!!! Our family of five had a fantastic experience at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge.Even before we arrived i was impressed with the staff -- especially Cookie at the conciege desk. She was extremely helpful, kind and professional as she made recommendations and reservations for us for dinner as well as excursions.Check-in was a breeze - the porters were quick and helpful. Our room was very clean with a large bathroom. The kids loved the balcony which had beautiful desert views and overlooked a golf course. The grounds were beautifully maintained and the pools were a HUGE hit especially the lazy river! Since we have three young children we decided to use their valet service -- well worth the money as it quite a hike to the parking lots. The valets were always friendly and attentive.We ate poolside one afternoon and everything was fresh and delicious. We appreciated the chilled lemon water in the lobby which was so refreshing given the temperatures stayed around 112 degrees during our vacation.One excursion we went on was a desert tour via Hummer with Stellar Adventures. Our guide was fantastic - very knowledgeable about the indigenous plant and animal life and very friendly and helpful.Take time to go to DC Ranch - a planned community not far form the resort - great restaurants Eddie V's and San Felipe's Cantina.The Arizona Science Center was amazing -- we could have stayed all day. Wonderful, fun, educational and interactive activities for the kids ( adults)!As we headed to the airport, the kids were already asking when we could go back to the resort - always a good sign of a great vacation.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort, Nice pool, great restaurants This was a great resort resort. The only drawback is it's distance from Phoenix and Scottsdale. It has several restaurants with great food choices, including Roy's.I would return again.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JULES821
<Content>Great resort!! This is an absolutely beautiful resort. I took a solo trip to the resort in July 2005 for some much needed rest and relaxation. The rooms are clean, pretty, and nicely sized. The pool area is spectacular with 3-4 pools and a lazy river. The spa was awesome! I had four spa treatments while staying at the resort and the service and ambiance of the spa was the best (I took advantage of a great BUY 1, GET 1 FREE summer spa service special). An added bonus is that there is a huge shopping/entertainment/dining complex directly across the street from the hotel. I highly recommend this resort to anyone looking for a nice vacation. Do not be deterred by the fact that this hotel hosts lots of conferences. The hotel is so massive that there is enough space for everyone -- conference attendees and pleasure travelers alike!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Place We just came back from the JW Marriott last night on Sept 6th we were there for labor day weekend. This place is really beautiful considering 106 deg weather everyday. Then again who goes to Phoenix in Aug or Sept. Hahaha The resort is huge we got lost a few times trying to find our room. Everyone in the hotel meaning The Staff, were the most friendliest people I have ever met on a vacation. Service at the pools were very good too. The rooms were very nice with a very spacious bathroom and nice size deck. We were given a garden view first but they were very helpful in giving me a pool view with no hesitation. By the way you def dont need to rent a car there is a market place accross the street. 5 dollar cab ride. They have everything you need there, restaurants, shopping, drug store, target, malls everything. If you want to go a little further like 15 minutes or so there are some really elite restaurants. I forgot the name but it was seafood and very good, pricey but worth it. My only issue was that night we got there 2:45am some kids pulled the fire alarm waking the whole hotel. Living in NY and witnesing 911 we knew to get our stuff and get right down the steps and out. The whole hotel gathered outside front and back waiting for further instructions. It took like 25 minutes for them to shut the alarm which was annoying but it was just a false alarm. It wasn't that great that all that was done was management left a notice under our doors that morning to apolize for the inconvience. Free breakfast would have been better then just a stupid note. But over all this was a beautiful place and if I came back I would definitly get out of the hotel and see more.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jbains
<Content>Goods and Bads, but mostly goods       Front Entrance of the Hotel  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>oxnrd123
<Content>Loved the J.W. Marriott Desert Ridge We were there during the first week of August for four nights. When we got there it was 3:30 and we were able to check in. They gave us a room in the fourth floor (where the complimentary washer and driers(2) are) with a great view into the patio and the pools. It was great. The hotel has activities schedule daily some are free others at a cost. The concierge desk was a great help. They have suggestions on places to visit and most important direct directions. What they say in the other reviews is true. This is certainly another type of heat. We were able to go to different places(Old Town Scottsdale, Slide Rock, Sedona, Heard Museum) because it really doesn't feel that bad. Well the hotel is spectacular. They told us that the hotel wasn't that busy that week but we still saw that the lazy river was pretty full. The pools are really nice and we were able to find chairs and there were plenty of towels available. The lazy river has a slide and plenty of adults were enjoying it. The kids menu is a steal for $4 you really get a huge serving. Most of our dining was away from the hotel since we did visit other sites away from the hotel during the early mornings. We would come back to the hotel around 3:00 and would hit the pools till after dark. Pools close around 11:00 p.m. Something that was not mentioned in this site is that during the summer months it's monsoon season in AZ. This means that late in the evenings lightning could strike and then it could rain which means you can't be in the outdoor patios enjoying the music being played or in the water. For one of the nights we were there we had one of these storms. We went to our room to change out of our swimming attire and just when we were on our way downstairs the entire hotel lost power for about a half hour but the power did restore pretty quick. The weather changed rather quickly. It's true that across from the hotel is a mall with restaurants and even an arcade called Jillians. We really enjoyed our stay there. The lazy river was super fun for the kids and the pools are all very nice and not that deep at most four feet. All in all I recommend this hotel... we definetely plan to go back soon!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time My husband and I just returned from spending 4 nights at the Desert Ridge Marriott for a conference. Beautiful hotel and great staff! I hope this review doesn't sound negative but if we had paid the standard room rate, I probably would have been a little disappointed.We were able to check in early which was very nice so we could enjoy our first day out by the pools and lazy river. The guest rooms were decorated nicely and the beds were very comfortable!! There were a couple little maintenance things that could have been overlooked in our room but it really didn't make a difference in our stay. One of the lightbulbs was out in our bathroom and part of the shower handle was coming off the wall a little. Our room was on the fifth floor and when the bellman took us through the hallways, it was very warm. But maybe, that is to be expected in Phoenix in August. The air conditioning wasn't on in our room when we checked in so it took an hour or so to cool off.One of the things that I really thought wasn't very appealing was the carpeting in the hallways of our wing, in quite a few areas it seemed to be dirty. Inside one entrance out to the parking lot, there were dried flowers or leaves on the floor that were there the entire four days we stayed. I kinda thought that would have been cleaned up as soon as it was noticed by the staff.The lobby was beautiful and very clean though! All the beautiful marble and large windows overlooking the back of the hotel. There was always iced tea and water available to the guests. At night, it is absolutely beautiful on the grounds, torches lit along the pathways and fire pits with comfy chairs and table all over.We enjoyed our visit to the spa tremendously! The Revive Spa was a beautiful building. The private spa pool was a very relaxing place to enjoy the rest of the afternoon after our massages. If I were to suggest to anyone coming to the Marriott Desert Ridge, ask for a room other than in Wing A if you have a car. While walking out to the parking lot from this wing, you walk past the garbage area and there is a strong sewer and garbage odor there.Like I said earlier, if we had paid the standard rate I would have been just a little bit disappointed but we were really able to overlook these little issues and still had a wonderful time!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iyhberry
<Content>This JW is VERY nice! Highly Recommended! July in Phoenix? Who goes to Phoenix in the midst of a never ending heat wave? We did and WE LOVED IT!! The hotel is beautiful. It still feels new--after three years of service. We had a large suite (Rm 4222) and decided to splurge on the Cloud Club Access--which by the way--is absolutely worth every since penny--a lovely, abundant breakfast buffet....delicious appetizers....open bar in the evenings....lovely sitting areas....the Cloud Club was our favorite feature aside from....THE LAZY RIVER. The LR was wonderful. We spent at least 5 hours per day in the LR...sipping the Kokopelei (sp?) Cabana Coladas that the nice pool attendants were happy to deliver to our spot. It鈥檚 not five hours in the pool...its five hours of heaven....with a purpose...there is a current...there is a water slide...the lazy river made us forget that the outside temp was 110. The LR by mid-afternoon gets rather crowded (almost too crowded)...but we did not let this stop our enjoyment...rather it was noted...The Lazy River is now crowded. Good thing we have our rafts already. Let's keep on going.We used the Spa workout area. It was nice. The regular gym had a little bit of high school locker room smell--which happens when people work out....but we found the Spa Gym a bit less crowded. We loved walking around the outside common areas of the hotel at night. The environs are beautiful. The torches (yes, torches in the summer) all around the main lawn. The outside lounges and restaurants and live music created a tranquil but not dull....a relaxing, lively....beautiful spot....There were lots of kids. We were travelling without kids and were not overwhelmed by their presence. The resort is large. We did not golf or do much else besides eat and spend time in the lazy river...and we were PERFECTLY content. Overall, the service of the hotel staff was top notch. We loved our room. We did not leave the hotel for 4 days and we didn't want to....we felt spoiled every minute and will definitely be coming back!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Reporter
<Content>Absolutely fantastic!!! Just spent four nights at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort while attending a convention there. Having read all the reviews on Trip Advisor, I went there with high expectations and wasn't at all disappointed. I kept being reminded of the things other people had said, from the fresh fruit and ice water around the pool to the cool mist sprays and the delicious food and wonderful service. I especially enjoyed the music at night on the patio, and the awesome chocolate martinis. I don't want to repeat over and over what everyone else has raved about, but I have to mention how friendly and helpful the entire staff was. We were treated like royalty. The hotel is simply beautiful and I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Daisymom
<Content>Lots of fun at the Desert Ridge! I just returned from 6 nights at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge with my husband and two children (4,7). We had a fabulous time there - spending the majority of it in the pool areas. We loved the lazy river. My kids preferred not using a tube but just free floating. My 4 year old wore a ski life vest and was able to safely float, too. The resort is very beautiful, especially at night. The many pool areas are nice so that everyone can find a pool that is their speed. One pool we called the quiet pool because it is off to the side a bit and was used very little. We were, however, disappointed with the poolside service. During 6 days there we always had to wave down a waiter to get them to come by. Very few servers would stop by and say, Can I get you anything?. Once they took our first order, we would usually receive fine service. Poolside food is pretty good. Kids meals are a deal at $4 with soda, fries, and entree. My kids ended up sharing one since they were good size. The Cobb is great and huge! We were also surprised that the poolside service and bar close at between 6:00 and 7:00 pm.The rooms were spacious and nice. Our view over the front courtyard area was nice because the city lights at night were gorgeous. During the evenings we often sat out on the patio (Vista Lounge) and listened to the music, had drinks, ate off the small appetizer menu and watched our kids play for hours on the grassy area with several other children. They had a blast and it worked for us. Our overall experience was great, though I did not feel we received great service in any area. I was never told about many of the perks at resort and only knew of them because of TripAdvisor. For example, the complimentary laundry on the 4th floor, the free shuttle to the mall area, the gym, spa specials, etc. We would definitely come back to the resort with our children. For my husband and I, we might try an adult oriented resort that is more focused on service.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel Just got back from a few days at the J.W. Marriott with my husband and 3 kids. Hotel is BEAUTIFUL! Great service, restaurants, housekeeping. The pools are awesome-lazy river very fun. My kids had a blast-were in the pool every second!(it was 110 degree's outside!) There is an outdoor mall across the street with good restaurants, shops and movie theaters and a hotel shuttle that leaves every half hour! Fun trip!!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FWCOrlando
<Content>All in all a great choice We were looking for an upscale resort that would let my wife and I enjoy some of the offerings of a resort while allowing the kids to be kids (who are 5 and 3). The JW Marriott at Desert Ridge is an excellent choice. Let me start with saying that the service personnel from check in to the poolside service to housekeeping were friendly, helpful and courteous. The resort itself is beautiful with many pools to fit whatever age group is interested. The lazy river was a nice feature for all ages. A large grass area in the center of the resort allowed kids to run and run. I saw kids playing there from morning until night. The rooms were nice and spacious and the balcony a nice touch. It allowed us to put our kids to sleep at a decent hour and continue to enjoy drinks on the balcony that overlooked the outdoor seating and band. We felt like we were part of the nightlife without having to leave the room. Once you closed the sliding door to your room is sufficiently cut out the noise from the outside. The outdoor Desert Ridge Mall which is adjacent to the Marriott property ( the resort faces away from this) was extremely convenient to access the 30 or so restaurants which offered a nice variety of prices and food choices. It even had a Target for those last minute items you did not bring (actually knowing its there we would have just bought some things when we got there). This location of Desert Ridge is north of Phoenix and convenient to 17 that allowed us day trips to the Grand Canyon, Sedona and Verde Canyon. It was 110 to 113 degrees during our trip but what they say is true, its a different kind of heat.One small negative, the view of the resort from the rooms is great but the view of nearby mountains was limited.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Resort Top Of The Line Well first let me say I have been in the travel industry for awhile and I was very impressed with this resort. Beautiful grounds nice rooms, great bathrooms and very clean. I will be honest there were a couple of things I didn't like but I will factor that into it being July and a bit off season. I really hope that Marriott checks Trip Advisor at times because they have a wonderful associate (manager) who is Karen Chastain. Without her service and the time she takes with the guests I don't think this resort would be as nice as it is! As for the food I disagree with one of the reviews, I would stay with the restaurants that are staffed by Marriott employees. One of the restaurants NOT owned by Marriott or maybe I should say not staffed by Marriott employess is Roy's, so with that said you can draw your own cunclusion. I would defintly stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LakersFan
<Content>Five Star Desert Resort       Entrance to the Resort  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An outstanding resort The JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort  Spa Phoenix is an absolutly incredibal resort. there are no faults in this hotel from the mini bar in the room to the two 18 hole championship golf courses - everything is just too good for words. a short walk around this resort is an attack on the senses the lush green golf courses set on a background of desert mountains and sky;(cloudless by the way unless you're talking about marriotts simply outstanding cloud club suites) the gentle hum of music from the outdoor speakers; the smell of some of the best food you will ever taste. It is just unbelivable.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Poor Service at Best Room and Bathroom are spacious and very clean. Great resort if you have children. Definitely take advantage of the Spa and its services. If you use the Spa, you can then use the private pool all day long which is nice since you are packed in like sardines at the other pools. Do not expect good service unless you eat at Roy's or other restaurant not affiliated with the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it.. Paradise The staff was exceptional. Everything I asked for was granted. The only suggestion I would give is to have an adults only pool built. I don't know what the guy with kids expected. The hotel was full of families this Memorial Week and the kids were happy. They had a special area for entertaining them. Kids are parent's responsibility. If you wish to travel with your spouse and have a romantic vacation, leave the kids with the grandparents or maybe go to a club Med. This hotel does give the kids great importance.. perhaps I wish there were less of them.. since mine are now adults. The kids there were happy and enjoying themselves. There was a children program, but you had to pay a fee. Again I remind parents that this hotel is not a children only daycare center.. it is a large resort and most of the time has large adult conventions.. Around Memorial weekend we had the Pediatric Nurses Convention.Food: Roy's was excellent.. Drew our waiter was fabulous as was the Manager that night.. she knew we were celbrating a 50th Birthday and gave us a quiet area in the patio overlooking the grounds. We felt as though we were in Hawaii... even had a lovely breeze.The breakfast/lunch restaurant was great also. We did utilize the Cloud Room facilities and the staff catered to all our wishes.. by the way, the chocolate chip cookies were fabulous. Also, if you wish coffee and don't see it .. ask the ladies for some... whatever you want.. ask them for it.. they were amazing.Pool: there were always chairs. We positioned ourselves by a tree facing the water way and if you wish an umbrella, ask the pool employees, they will bring one to you.I have stayed at the Westin Kierland and enjoyed it.. but this hotel was like being tucked away on vacation in an island. I loved it!PS.. We will return.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent resort We just got back from 5 days at the Desert Ridge. What a wonderful experience. We booked on Hotelopia.com and saved a lot of money! What a bargain we got. The service was top notch! The rooms were very nice with a lot of space and big bathrooms too. The food was pricey, but excellent and the spa was quite relaxing. We are not the pickiest people around, but we do like nice, new, hotels with high quality of service. Even though we felt the restaurants were pricey on location and the amount of food was quite small, the overall experience has us booking a trip in a couple of months. You can be comfortable knowing that the hotel is very clean, comfortable and a great place to relax. Dont pay $400 per night though! Shop around, you will find it cheeper! Enjoy - we sure did!  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vmarshcpa
<Content>Decent enough-long distance between guest rooms and conference facilities The room was quite nice but I would never have paid that much on my own if my employer hadn't paid for the conference. Beautiful property and close to nearby restaurants and shopping. Conference facilities were nice but only complaint was the sheer distance between room and conference facilities---took me over 10 minutes to get to and from if I walked at a quick pace. I liked having a nice view of the desert. Restaurants close a little early during the week (10:00). I was still staying in Phoenix elsewhere later in the week and drove back to check out Roy's Restaurant-Hawaiian Fusion. They were very accomodating with reservations and food was great. We loved the fire pits to relax by and it has a lot of ambiance. I wouldn't pay the high cost for the room if I were traveling for pleasure---rooms weren't THAT special so I was glad that conference rate was about half rack rate. Only other thing is that I had to ask three times to have my Marriott number added to my reservation---I finally got it added at the front desk after I had checked out. Valet service was friendly and reliable and was validated at Roy's.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Aurora100
<Content>Great Resort to Relax and Rejuvenate       Dewsert landscape at hotel  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEAUTIFUL resort GREAT staff! I have just returned from this beautiful hotel and resort. I stayed with my family here for 10 days. I must say that the resort grounds are absolutely beautiful. The staff at the hotel was VERY friendly and VERY helpful in anything we needed. I am a Phoenix local but had family in from out of town, and everyone was VERY pleased! I would for sure stay here again!!!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lswg
<Content>What a Great Hotel!! We just returned from 6 days at theJW Marriott Desert Ridge. What a great experience from beginning to end. I had used this site to conclude that this hotel must be pretty special, but must admit to being even more impressed on every level. It was not only one of the most beautiful hotels we have encountered, but also one of the most user friendly. Huge public spaces to enjoy on every part of the outdoor and indoor areas. Groups are welcome to use grassy areas for play or simply sitting. There are also a wealth of chairs, chaises and tables in and just outside of every lobby. Family groups as well as conference groups congragated with ease.The staff was delightfully friendly and helpful. The pools beautiful!In response to some of the earlier posts, we found the area in which the hotel is situated to be most convenient. The Desert Ridge Market Place, right across the street is beautiful and its not a bad thing to have 15 extra restaurants so close by. We also found the Northern location to be a big help to cutting down on traffic when taking day trips to Sedona and the Grand Canyon.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marciakf1
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous Resort Am writing this review on last night of a seven night stay at this resort. Rooms are wonderful, housekeeping services wonderful, restaurants ( dined at all four) excellent especially Roy's. All employees were especiallygratious. Golf courses were great. Only other resort I have stayed at in past five years better than this was Four Seasons Punta Mita Mexico. Excellent shopping within 10 minutes. Can't say enough good about Desert Ridge!!!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Resort I've been very underwhelmed by other Marriott Resorts I've stayed in over the last few years ... but not here!!!. This is a fabulous resort in every manner. I'll break it down:Property ... could not ask for any more. The location is not great ... in the middle of nowhere. However, the resort itself is practically made of marble. Everything is new, spotless, impressive etc. The pool complex is absolutely unreal. We loved all the pools, especially the lazy river. The property outside impeccably managed ... full of flowers, waterfalls, palm trees etc. Always the sound of relaxing soft music everywhere, as they have speakers throughtout all the garden areas.Rooms ... Very average. Marble baths are nice. Not the highlight of the hotel. View from main building was unbelievable. All rooms have balcony's, refridgerators etc.Service ... Perfect (not too much or too little) and always with a smile. I've been to scores of resorts and hotels as I travel a lot and never felt so welcomed. Everything was right on time and to our specification. Tips seemed appreciated in return for good work, not expected. Maids, front desk, bell, wait staff, and valet all took the time to say good morning and play with our 1 year old.Recreation ... Pools are the highlight as discussed earlier. The Wildfire Golf Club has two courses, Faldo and Palmer. I thought the Faldo was OK. I'm not a fan of the overbunkered type of course. I've played better desert layouts. Everything was well maintained and in great condition though and service was outstanding. A little pricy at $150, but that does include range, cart and 6 Calloway balls.Food ... There are 4 real restaurants ... the others are really casual, patio type snack bars. Roy's was outstanding (I mean top level outstanding). Blue Sage was average / good. We didn't eat in Tuscany or Meritage but I heard both were very good. The pool bar serves great lunches ... we ate lunch there every day. The have outstanding salads (Cobb is awesome) and great wraps. We went offsite a few nights.Spa ... My wife said it was incredible. I was wondering if she would ever come back.The resort does a great job with young children. Although it does cater to business meetings, we hardly even saw them even though there was a huge one in the hotel. It is very large and plenty of space for all. Pool and restaurants not really crowded, even though hotel had high capacity.All in all ... If you want a desert vacation ... you can't go wrong here. Not as scenic as some other places (Camelback resorts, Phoenician etc.), but everything else scores highly.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BESnow
<Content>Great resort I recently attended a meeting and stayed at the JW Marriott Resort and Spa. It was first class all the way. The resort was immaculate, the restaurants superb, and the golf (Palmer course) was great. This place has it all, so much so you never have to leave the property. Hope to return again next year.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MisstheDogs
<Content>Excellent Resort I stayed at the resort both as a member of a group and then as a single guest. Overall, I was very impressed. In particular, the staff was exceptional. Just walking by, staff would greet me. And, there was always plenty of staff in every venue for both group events and for single travelers.I don't GOLF or play TENNIS, so can't comment on the courses or courts.The POOLS were very nice. There are several pools, including the lazy river, in which you float around on tube rafts. Great for kids and adults who are young at heart. Also a water slide, primarily used by kids. Many pool chairs -- even on a very crowded day, it was easy to find a chair. Towels are plentiful as is ice water with lemon. They provide pitchers and replenish as needed. Pool service (bar/food) is decent and generally fairly priced -- although margaritas at $8 apiece are a bit pricey.I sampled three RESTAURANTS -- Roy's, Tuscany, and Blue Sage. Food was best at Roy's -- excellent for the price. However, they have a practice of requiring single diners to eat at the bar or chef's counter rather than at tables (even when the restaurant isn't crowded), which was disappointing. The service at Tuscany was first rate but the food was only average. Blue Sage for breakfast and appetizers was OK. Food provided during the convention was good. Service was outstanding. They set up enough food stations and bars so that, even with an extremely large group, we never had to wait in line for food or drinks. Dirty plates were cleared quickly. The Revive SPA is excellent. High class service throughout. One of the best massages I've ever had. Facial was ok. I would note that the prices are steep, even based on the East Coast norm. You get what you pay for but you will pay for it.ROOMS are nice and reasonably large. I would guess that every room has a decent view. All have balconies or patios. Big TV. Robes. Minibar. Good sized bathroom, with separate shower  tub. Toiletries (e.g., shampoos) are replenished frequently. Only problem is that soundproofing could be improved.STAFF is excellent. They were very supportive of a large group yet very attentive of individuals. I felt that everyone I met went out of his/her way to make my stay pleasant and enjoyable. People seemed genuinely happy to be working there.The property is deceptively large. Although there are nearly 900 rooms, you don't feel either claustrophobic with your fellow conventioneers or isolated if you're not with a convention. I would definitely recommend this for business meetings. Everything ran without a hitch. I would not hesitate to stay on as a single traveler. However, given the size of the property, if traveling solely for vacation purposes, I would probably stay at a smaller, more intimate resort.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>amz
<Content>Loved every minute Just returned from 4 nights  wished that I would have scheduled my entire 10 day vacation here.In general the staff went above  beyond to provide excellent service. The only exception was the staff at the concierage desk. They seemed too busy taking phone calls to deal with those of us who were standing in line,in person. This same problem occurred consistently each time I tried to use their services.Rooms were exceptionally clean; turn down service always provided. Food was great with very fast delivery to the pool areas. Food prices were typical of resorts. The fire pits were great for early morning coffee  late night drinks. Poolside - One nice touch was the availabliltiy of better quality towels than generally found poolside. Another was the free rafts to use in the pools.While you're there....do not miss the spa. One of the best ever (and I am a spa junkie!) I had a facial  massage package that were both exceptional. There is also a spa pool that is available to the users of the spa. So quiet and relaxing that you will want to spend the day there instead of returning to your room and the hotel pools.I can't wait to return  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and Relaxing The JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort is an outstanding accommodation for business and pleasure. My husband and I stayed for a business conference March 30-April 2, 2005 and enjoyed it tremendously. Only about a half hour drive from airport. The hotel is just beautiful with impressive marble entry and a fountain. Our room with balcony overlooked about 5 different pools, lazy river, golf course and palm trees. Restaurants have excellent service and delicious food, especially enjoyed Meritage. The property is well manicured and pristine. Staff was friendly and courteous. Spa is immaculate and massages are wonderful. Felt pampered and rejuviated and didn't want to go home to reality. I rented a convertible from Hertz (on property) and had a great time driving 20 min. to Scottsdale and on to Tempe for a day trip. Perfect weather at 82 degrees and great time of year to visit. We don't golf but everyone we spoke to thought it was wonderful. We would like to visit again with the children, they would love the pools and lazy river. I would highly recommend this property!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay hotel for a meeting I recently stayed here 2 nights for a meeting. The hotel is in the middle of nowhere, although there is a shopping center across the highway. It looks like a giant, sprawling pueblo. Every room has a Holiday Inn-like balcony (a small slab of concrete with 2 plastic chairs). My room was large and comfortable, with all the usual amenities such as 27 flat screen TV. The beds were disappointingly soft for a hotel of this price range. The bathroom was very large, with separate bathtub and shower stall and wonderfully plush towels. However, the showerhead was fixed, and it was impossible to properly wash your lower body. The MAJOR problem was the noise from the atrium, which came through loudly at night. Definitely ask for a quiet room that is NOT on the atrium.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jannel43
<Content>Stunning hotel, great service. We just returned from five days there and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Despite the fact that the hotel was massive and also that it was sold out, we never encountered lines or glitches in service. Also, the hotel is extremely quiet. I expected to hear the many children staying there (including ours!), but I just didn't. Also the onsite restaurants were all very good and while Roy's was always packed, the steakhouse and the fine Italian place were nearly empty and still served exceptional food. The service was flawless everywhere.On the negative side, we were able to get one standard room (tried to get a second one, but it was too late), and the four of us were packed in like sardines. The trundle bed which was brought in was quite comfortable, but took up valuable living space. The bathroom was huge -- maybe we should have put the trundle bed in there!Secondly, this hotel is remote. We nearly broke the bank being driven to spring training baseball games and the airport. While we loved this resort, if we returned to Phoenix for spring training we would definitely search for a more centrally located property.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wirepaladin08
<Content>Quite a place but off the beaten track Stayed at Marriott's Desert Ridge Resort for a weekend in March. The rooms are quite nice and well appointed. Every room has a balcony. This is an enormous resort -- around a thousand rooms. The resort caters to major conventions and meetings. Just know that in advance. Also be aware that it is in the far north portion of Phoenix. It is not convenient to much of Phoenix if that is important to you. Phoenix has grown by leaps and bounds in recent years and traffic is a mess so beware if you have to drive far.Staff is friendly and accomodating with the exception of the golf course marshall, who seemed to have a chip on his shoulder for some unknown reason. Maybe he was just having a bad day.The hotel is surrounded by two golf courses - a Palmer course and a Faldo course. The Faldo course is difficult and heavily bunkered. Both were in exceptional condition.Pools are great. Nice fitness area. The resort spends a fortune on landscaping and fountains and it shows. Nicely done.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelerof3
<Content>Great! My husband and I stayed here in early March for a long weekend and thoroughly enjoyed every part of the hotel. We stayed in the Club Cloud which is definitely worth the money! Free breakfast (and we're not talking muffins and bagels,) free wine and cheese and dessert every evening. Also, open bar from 4-10pm. Very nice and relaxing. The staff was great and had wonderful recommendations for what to do, where to go, and where to eat. Elizabeth was very helpful and always made a point of remembering our name and asking us about our day even though she was busy helping other people. Everything was great.The only complaint I had was the bed. It was hard as a rock. I woke up with a back ache every morning. If they could have put the Westin Heavenly Bed in here, it would have been perfect. Everything else about the room was great. The bathroom was huge and the ammenities were good.The spa was very relaxing. They treated you like a queen or king. We made our reservation a week before going since we had read on here that some people had a hard time getting a reservation at the last minute. The spa bistro had great food and everything was very relaxing. This place is definitely worth the money. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>montebello
<Content>Paradise Spent 3 nights in early Feb 2005 and thoroughly enjoyed this property. We had a suite with a murphy bed and it was great . staff did all they could to please and food was also good. Played both golf courses with much enjoyment. Definitely will return again in April with our 10 year old daughter who will enjoy the fabulous pools.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>debbie35
<Content>Nice hotel for business travel This property is good if you're traveling for business, but there are many other more luxurious properties in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area if you're on a real vacation.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous experience I and my wife stayed at the JW Desert Ridge for 2 nights during the thanksgiving break and had a great time. They gave us a room overlooking the pool and the mountain preserve (a room on the south side will get you this) and it was simply beautiful. The service is impeccable, the house keeprs won't bother you until late, the servers by the pool are always hospitable and there to bring you anything you want. I'd highly recommend this Hotel and if we ever go back to Phoenix we know where we are going back to stay. BTW, the Hotel is also quite kid friendly (we were surpised to see quite a few kids enjoying the lazy river. The pools were very clean though a bit cold (despite the water being at 82), so we used the 2 outdoor jacuzzis instead. During the evenings, the patio has beautiful outdoor fireplaces where guests mingle and there is live music. All in all, it was a wonderful experience. The view in the evenings of the tall Palms and the outdoor Patio is incredible. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful large hotel We spent Thanksgiving 2004 here. This is a beautiful hotel. We spent 6 days at this hotel with my two children. The pools, slides, and lazy river were a big hit with my kids. The hotel service was great- I asked for a humidifier for my daughter...and one appeared in my room. Our children also enjoyed the daily chocolate on our beds as part of the turn down service. My husband enjoyed the golf. I rented a bike and rode thru the adjacent desert (note: if you call the day before they will arrange for any specific bike needs you and your family may have).Although I thought 6 days in Phoenix was too much, the hotel was great.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star... I don't think so. If your a true user of 5 star Luxury Resorts such as Four Seasons and Ritz Carltons, then you'll be disappointed in this one. Just got back from this resort (Nov. 2004) and booked it because of the reviews on line, but very disappointed all around.Rooms are average and the bathroom after reading the reviews was very disappointing. Only one sink and not very large at that. Eventhough there is a sperate shower stall, it was so on top of the toilet that when you opened the shower door you just miss the toilet by about 2 inches. One day I had the call front desk to get my room cleaned. This was after 2:00 pm the day after I checked in. I was told they were busy because a lot of guest checked out and new ones were arriving and they needed to turn over the rooms. So I quess that means I was put on the back burner since I was already checked in. Staff were ok, but not 5 star helpful or even 5 star friendly. Beware major conventioneers at this hotel. In fact the week I was there the hotel was 95% booked and probably 80% of quest were there on conventions. They litterly take over the hotel. One night the only lobby lounge in the hotel was taken over by these conventioneers and there was no place to sit and have a quite drink. Also a hugh TV screen was brought in so all the men could watch Monday night football, for which they proceeded to behave as typical male's would during a football game. I think you know what I mean. Another evening most of the pool area and hot tub section was closed off for a private convention dinner party.This type of service would not happen in a true 5 star resort. The Marriott is trying to match the Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons, but are falling short. Remimber conventioneers do not pay out of their pockets for these trips, their corporations do. They could care less about your hard earned vacation.All in all not worty of a 5 star rating. Spend a couple of dollars more and stay at the Phoenician or Four Seasons. Much more worth your hard earn dollar.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulously Relaxing Retreat. Visited this glorious hotel in early October 2004 with two girlfriends (we are all in our early to mid twenties) from NYC. Although we are all well-traveled internationally, we had never thought of a domestic trip. However, with tight work schedules affording us only four nights to play, and looming hurricanes along the Atlantic Coast, finding this hotel was a terrific accident. We arrived exhausted on Thursday night, and were all pleasantly surprised over the extremely conformable beds and down comforters that awaited us. The bathroom was tremendous, and the products were all from the spa (ah the revive lotion!) For the days we were there, we awoke early (since we were still on EST) and took full advantage of the desert botanical tour, the Starbucks and other morning activities offered by the hotel. Days were spent poolside, and we enjoyed the food of the pool bar, as well as the Jamaican steel drums that lulled in the background. Evenings we would decide upon a restaurant and events over a glass of wine while listening to the live music around the fire pit. Everything was new, clean and gorgeous. The concierge desk was very helpful in lending restaurant recommendations, and providing directions to everywhere you could imagine. Although we had initially planned to divulge in a spa service, none of us wanted to leave the beautiful outdoors and all passed. We rented a car and found it convenient to drive and find our way around. It was a fabulously relaxing retreat, and we have all pledged to return with our boyfriends!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great resort We just got back from a quick 3 night stay (10/7-10/10 at this resort. We had reserved two rooms and requested connecting rooms via email and also by fax, but upon check in they said they hadn't taken care of it. They were apologetic and Roxanne said she would take care of it the next morning. She came through (Thanks Roxanne!) and the next day we had connecting rooms of which one was the standard deluxe room connected to a luxury suite which was perfect for our family. This is a great time of year, the weather was still in the high 90's but the crowded pools I've read about in previous reviews was non-existent on both Thursday and Friday. Saturday there were more people around the pools but there was plenty of room to sit wherever you wanted and hardly anyone was in any of the pools. Almost everyone was just sunbathing.They have 4 pools, a lazy river with a water slide, a long narrow j-shaped pool, a standard rectangular pool, and another large pool with a huge water drencher at the end of it. They also have two hot tubs, one for 15 people, the other holds 26 people.The resort has a Starbucks on site as well as several other restaurants. I read previously that turn down service was non-existent, but we did have turn down service every night although one night it wasn't until 830pm.There are two washers and dryers on the 4th floor which are complimentary as is the detergent and Bounce. Depending on your group the mall across the street probably isn't within walking distance. We have a 9 and 3 year old so it wasn't for us. From our room it was probably a good HOT mile from room to mall. The mall is nice though not enclosed and is spread out.Staff was very attentive and friendly, the grounds were very impressive, lots of water mixed in with the desert surroundings.We definitely would go back!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great two day stay My husband  I spent the week in Phoenix for our first anniversary  stayed at the Marriott Canyon Villas for 4 days  the JW for two days. We used points  upgraded to the Cloud Club for the two days and were not dissapointed! The grounds were lovely  the service was excellent. There were only a handful of people using the Cloud Club both days so the staff was more than attentive. We played cards one night  watched part of a movie with a few of the staff members. Great people! The hotel room was very nice, no real complaints. All of the staff were very helpful and friendly which made for a great two days. We ate at Roys  the Tuscan restaurant  had good meals. Although the wait staff at Roys was very slow. We also thought it was strange that there were a ton of empty tables throughout the night but when you told them you didn't have a reservation they looked at you like you were crazy  they would have to really work to squeeze you in! We also played golf at Wildfire Faldo course  thought it was only ok. The course is ready to be overseeded so it is very dry. Also, of all the courses we played, the Wildfire staff was the least friendly and helpful. They could improve on that. Overall - great stay  will go back!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never leave the hotel! Just returned from a 4 day mom's only trip with girlfriends and what a great time we had! We only left the hotel once to shop. The spa was fabulous.... the pools fun.... great restaurants...the staff was attentive and pleasant ...rooms wonderfusl....and the Cloud Club was absolutely heaven. I'd go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beenthereseenthat
<Content>Worthy of 5-Star but beware... It's a deluxe resort  spa, no argument. The deluxe room was spacious, the bathroom opulent with separate marble + glass shower and comfy bathtub. The restaurants pricey, but the food presentation and quality does match. The outdoor seating is very attractive, surrounded by lush gardens and water features. The grounds are well looked after. All rooms have a view of some sort, the least preferred would be the rooms looking west, across the front entrance, although the sunsets from that vantage point are outstanding.Other views are across the golf course to the South and North, and the best view, from what I observed, would be over the pools, gardens and golf course, to the east.While the resort is deluxe, the type of guests staying can range, and you may be exposed to noisy, obnoxious, and unwanted behaviour. Not the hotel's fault, mind you, but might affect your enjoyment all the same. Lots of cell phone activity at this resort since it is a conference site. Also, lots of kids...so, you might not get the quiet relaxation you're seeking. The Spa is outstanding with its own swimming and exercise facilities (additional charge) but well worth the additional fee(s). The staff (associates) in all areas understand customer satisfaction and everyone is friendly and efficient to deal with.I would return to this hotel under the right circumstances.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flyerno.one
<Content>Great stay This hotel has everything one would want in a resort. We stayed with our family,and everyone had a great time. The rooms were very nice, and the amenities were above the norm. The staff was friendly and helpful. The shopping mall across the street had numerous resturants and stores. I could not find anything wrong with this fine edition to the Marriott chain.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superior I am in the travel industry and I only stay in 4 to 5 star properties. This is the best I stayed in the service is excellant the rooms are very big . You can not go wrong at this hotel. The pools are fabulous,the spa to die for. I highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing We went there Sept 1st for 3 nights. We are not award members or platinum members but we were upgraded to a suite. It was 2 rooms , one was reg hotel room with 2 queen beds etc the other rooms consisted of a living room, dining room with a table  10 chairs, a pantry, a wet bar, an office area, a bedroom area with a murphy bed  2 night stands, 2 full bathrooms with double sinks  separate glass showers, 2 walk in closets  3 patios with beautiful patio furniture. What a treat!!! The pools are wonderful you could never go there  not find an empty chair like sometimes happens. We never had turn down service at night so maybe they don't do it there. We had lunch in the steak house, crazy where it is loacated it's hard to find  a long walk but worth it. i wouldn't like their dinner as it is ala cart but lunch was exceptional  reasonably priced. I am used to being at Marriotts where a drink of water can cost plenty but here they had pictures of water eevrywhere, plain or with strawberries or lemon.The $17 per day parking was comped because we have a handicapped card.As all JW Marriotts the landscaping  pool areas are magnificant. Restaurant wise there is not much variety but we were always out anyway there are some good rests. in the area. everyone raves about the mall across the street I found it to be a big disappointment. Great experience. Loved it!!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay over Labor Day Weekend! I stayed at the JW Marriott for two nights over Labor Day weekend with my boyfriend. The grounds are beautiful, the room itself was not remarkable (average) but the bathrooms w/glass door shower and marble floors was nice, food at Roy's great (def go with the price fixe menu and they make great dirty martini's), Blue Sage breakfast buffet is a must (blue corn pancakes and tons of fresh fruit), the pools were large and nice (but lazy river was pretty crowded in light of the holiday - but tons of chairs everywhere), pool drinks a bit weak and overpriced and pool food not so great at all, the Revive spa was excellent (and i've spa'd at tons of places...def worth it to use the facilities. to escape the crowd that sunday we got a couples massage, i got a facial and we used their private pool and facilities, way less crowded), a quick walk across the street (10 mins) gets you to a great mall and outdoor food/shopping area (hit up Albertsons for drinks and snacks to save you from the pool side menu) - some say too far to walk but i disagree, the gym is nice and not crowded when we were there, have a drink on the lower level lobby at dusk, the in room lotion is from the spa so its great stuff (got the boyfriend to ask for extra!), take a walk at night around the grounds and lay on a lounge to look at the stars, and have the Transtyle sedan pick you up at the airport ($50 - and they make no other stops unlike the other shuttle services) and for the trip back to the airport do the same but ask for the shuttle that gets you on the hour ($15 and we got the same exact car .. wondering what shuttle means)...oh, and late checkout is pretty late so stretch it if you have a later flight like we did!a few odd things - house keeping came pretty late in the day and forgot turndown service both nights despite personal requests (not sure if she was just too busy), heard the pool ran out of towels for a little while during the day (we got there by around 11am so not a problem for us), the room is so-so for a 5 star hotel...finally, go to expedia for air and hotel - we got a good deal (spent more on food and spa services!)  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKtog
<Content>A stay of two halves Had I written this review after day 2 of my four night stay, the result probably would have been 5 stars as I could have tolerated some of the early slip ups, however, I made a mistake and stayed on over the Labour Day Weekend. My husband and I stayed for four nights and paid to upgrade ourselves to a Cloud Room. Well in advance (ie 3 weeks), reservations were made for all four restuarants with specific requests for outdoor seating. On arrival we were greeted well by many people and thought we were onto a winner here although it did take us some time to attract the attention of the gentleman at the Cloud Room to gain admission. Our first nights meal at Roys was exceptional with excellent attentive service; our room was beautiful and our walk in the gardens delightful. Day Two went well until Dinner, when we were seated in a corridor at Blue Sage (the dining room was empty) advised no outside seating was available (though tables were visible) and served our entree four minutes after our appetizer - the server could not understand we were not ready for it so left it anyway. Next day our problems started with the Cloud Room - this has the potential to be a great facility and the staff really do try their best. However, for Appetizers read - lovely food but used as Childrens Teas and dinner by those too mean to pay for it elsehwere. On one day there were 12 children racing around the room and others shouting and crying - one parent even pushed in ahead of us to get the last of an appetizer as it all was l her little darling would eat - we had to go without. The staff advised they have no control over the number of children in the roomas any guest in a cloud room can bring in unlimited children to the room free - so it is not a quiet oasis of calm for a pre dinner drink - quite the opposite. Breakfast was even worse as one dear child was in training for the Muffin Throwing at the Olympics event much to the amusement (and encouragement) of their parents. Obviously the hotel is not responsible for the behaviour of the parents, but be warned on the marketing, this is not the quiet facility you might think you are paying for.Contrast that with our lovely well cooked, romantic meal outdoors at the Tuscany where incidentally delightful well mannered child sat at the next table to us. Wildfire was also a good spot, though again that evening our pre dinner drinks were a shambles as the kids had empty all the adult mixers and Perrier from the fridge and the staff had to get more brought up - and when the first lot arrived doting grandparents took all the water bottles for the children. The poor assistant was so frustrated as he tried to get our preferred drinks to us. Other lapses that needed addressing were, a 50 minute wait for the (wrong) food order at the pool, with no supervisor available to register a complaint - an offer of free drinks was made but as we were about to drive and did not want alcohol or desserts that was worthless. Also had to point out every single day we were in a Cloud Room so should not be charged for parking, yet the charge still appeared on the final account; newspapers were not delivered on two of the days and each day we had to call housekeeping about things missing from our room (like the trashbin). Yes, some of these are minor grumbles, and many of the staff did work hard to provide a very good personal service, but the hotel let itself down too many times during our stay for us to rate it any higher. On check out, the lady adjusted the parking costs but was not interested in our issues re the Cloud Room (which its staff had suggested we raise with them as it concerned them too) - as we were on a tight timescale to get our flight it was pointless pursuing them, but my advice think very very carefully about spending $100 a night for a Cloud Room if you are a couple wanting a more relaxed atmosphere to sit have pre dinner drinks or breakfast in. I do hope this hotel can get its act together consistently - rather than some of the time for some of the guests  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is the place... When Hurricane Frances decided to go to Florida the same time we were planning to be there we made some quick changes and headed West to the JW Desert Ridge in Phoenix. It turned out to be one of the best getaway weekends my wife and I have taken. It's never any fun going home after one of these weekends. Everything you needed and wanted was there on the property. Golf, the pools (including a lazy river), the restaurants and bar, all added to this incredible resort. Great restaurants and shopping were less than a mile away. We day-tripped to Sedona and further north to the Grand Canyon, all within a good full days time. The resort set us up on a great horseback ride in the desert with a very professional and friendly outfit, Canyon Creek Ranch...I couldn't imagine going back and using someone else, these guys are great. The staff at the resort were very friendly and attentive to any of our needs, the rooms very great, clean with very comfortable beds and pillows, huge bathrooms, and all rooms had a great view of something.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>About Par Decidedly ho-hum. A place like this sets high standards and it misses on most counts. Strange how people can go to the same place and come away with a different opinion, but there's no question my wife and I were disappointed after a recent visit here. Ok, yeah it was a weekend and crowded with families and kids, as many Arizona resorts are in the summer -- thanks to off season rates and priceline. But even if you're only paying $39.95 a nite you should treat the place better than a Red Roof Inn. We saw guests lugging huge personal coolers to their rooms and even out by the pools. Little kids ran around unsupervised through the lobby and hallways. Underage (and unsupervised) kids were also jumping into the spas.Of course families taking over resorts is now commonplace and when you have a huge property like Desert Ridge it's understandable to keep the rooms full. What's funny, though, is that there are any number of other resorts in the Phoenix area with better family-oriented activities, pools, slides, games and so on. In fact, there are better places period. The Desert Ridge is far out of town cut into freshly-bladed desert and not especially convenient to anything. The place is huge and unattractive from the outside-- we thought it was a prison or a government building at first. There are other resorts that have better views and are more intimate and charming. Our standard room was smallish and appointed with only fairly humdrum furnishings. No doubt there are nicer rooms, but I like to judge a place by its standard room. The restaurants were fine and not too expensive for this kind of place -- we ate at the Blue Sage and Roys (Roys was more interesting) -- but nothing gourmet. In short, the phrase that comes to mind after a visit to the Desert Ridge is fair to middling. Probably fine for a business meeting, maybe fine for a family, but there are much better places at the 5 star level in Phoenix.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>candaceg
<Content>Fabulous stay at the Desert Ridge resort I was at the resort August 22-26 for a conference. The hotel was completely sold out and during the day the conference facility was serving an additional 1000 people. Despite that, the service and facilities at the hotel were outstanding. I had no complaints about my stay. Having a small refrigerator in the room was a nice touch, especially since you can come nowhere close to getting cool water from the tap! I also appreciated the power outlet inside the in-room safe so I was able to charge my laptop and have it secured. As others have mentioned, the staff is extremely friendly. The pools were great - I loved the lazy river. Since I was on eastern time, I would have liked it if the pools opened a bit earlier in the morning so I could get some laps in, but that is a minor complaint. Regarding the airport transportation - there is a shuttle service you can book through the concierge desk that is $15 a person - it's called the TransStyle shuttle.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kendie
<Content>Best choice we could have made! We stayed at the hotel August 14 thru 18, 2004. The off season rates attracted us, but the excellent service and beautiful resort will bring us back if we are in the Phoenix area again!. Staff was very helpful and friendly, the hotel was clean and rooms were nicely furnished. The grounds and pools were wonderfully landscaped and maintained. Since we were only there for four nights, we ate all our meals at the hotel. Breakfast at Blue Sage was the best meal of the day. Dinner there was not outstanding. We also ate at the steakhouse and Roy's. Both were good, but pricey, as is to be expected at a resort of this caliber. The hotel is designed with large upper and lower level lobby areas that provide places to sit and enjoy conversation or quiet time reading. There was a convention there during our stay, but since the resort is so large, we really didn't feel crowded.We would definitely recommend a stay at this resort!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RCDC52
<Content>Off season a good option My wife and I stayed four nights during the first week of August. We made the choice based on favorable tripadvisor ratings and an unbelievable package deal we received on a last minute booking.Service and staff were first rate and very attentive.They were well below capacity during the first couple of days, although it became crowded toward the end. The resort is huge and has ample space to handle large groups of people but it was a more relaxed experience, especially around the pools when less busy. Roy's was a very good restarant, especially for seafood lovers. The Blue Sage was typical hotel fare. Decent food but a limited menu. Ditto the pool food service. Didn't eat at Tuscany. We were offered an unadvertised 3 spa treatments for the price of 2. They wound up giving us the most expensive one for free ($180 vs. $120 for the other 2) which was surprising. The facilities are very nice and having the run of the more quiet spa pool and building for the day a nice extra. My wife and I agreed the treatments were wonderful. Played the Faldo (the other is a slightly more difficult Palmer design) and found it of average difficulty depending on the tees you use. It was in pretty rough shape, but it must be difficult to keep a desert course in shape this time of year. The grounds and lobby are beautiful and designed to keep you cool even in the heat of summer. In the evening they actually air condition the patio lounge by opening the huge double doors to the lobby. It really made a difference . Always ice water on hand. It was a great choice for a romantic getaway even though it may not cater to that crowd as much as the Scottsdale resorts. The only complaint has little to do with the property itself. It cost us $100 including gratuity to travel from the airport and back using super shuttle on the way out and their much more convenient car service back to the airport. It is over 20 miles away so I wouldn't expect a complimentary shuttle, but that seemed a ridiculous amount. Seems like there should be a better otion for those who don't want to leave the resort during their stay and therefore don't need a car rental. Otherwise had a great time and would recommend the JW Marriott Desert Ridge to anyone looking for a great resort experience.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful relaxing vacation We spent four nights at the Desert Ridge resort at the end of July. Everyone thought we were crazy to leave the hot Kansas summer for an even hotter Arizona summer. But we are so glad we went! The staff at the resort were wonderful. We had four teenagers with us. We asked the front desk if they had any larger rooms available. They searched and found a conference room which was very large! It had a king size murphy bed, sofa, leather chairs, dining room table, bar and an extra large bathroom. We were in heaven! They brought us three very comfortable cots for the kid to sleep on. We had planned to spend a day of our vacation driving to Sedona and on to the Grand Canyon, but after the first hour at the resort we decided we didn't want to leave. It was a perfect place to vacation. Wonderful shopping close by, Beautiful gardens everywhere,very relaxing pools plus my husband had a great time golfing for two days. Again the service was by far the best we have ever experienced. The heat didn't bother us at all, I guess it's true that without the humidity it doesn't feel so hot. When we were in the shade it was quite pleasant. I definitely want to go back.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eminis
<Content>Loved it and would like to go back! My husband, 8 year old daughter and I stayed at the Desert Ridge Resort in Phoenix and wished we had been able to stay longer. We were on our way to Sedona and just spent one night since we flew into Phoenix. Our room was large and the bed was heaven with down pillows and a large down comforter. The bathroom had a separate shower and large tub. Our daughter and I swam in the lazy river pool while a bartender took our drink orders that we sipped on while we were floating around (our daughter drank Sprite by the way). They have a Starbucks on the premises along with some great restaurants. I forgot to bring my swimsuit cover-up and bought one at the Spa shop. They had a nice selection. Room service at breakfast time was super. The staff was very friendly and we had a wonderful stay. I wish we could figure when we can go back!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>docajenk
<Content>Outstanding! Outstanding in all respects. The hotel is stunning with exceptional facilities. Excellent choice of restuarants with very good food. Staff very helpful at all times, using your name whenever possible. Sports facilities are wonderful. Rooms very nicely appointed, had one with a view of golf course, well worth the extra for the amazing view.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enthusiastic Staff My wife and I stayed here over the fourth of July weekend. The staff was by far and away the most enthusiastic we have ever encountered in any hotel. We received greetings from six separate employees from the time we stepped out of our car and got to the check in desk, a distance of perhaps fifty feet. (Over-staffed?)We got a great rate on Priceline and perhaps that's why we were given the absolutely farthest room (1180) from the lobby, pools, and main gathering area. We dropped off our bags and went to orient ourselves with the facilities and when we found out how far away we were from everything, we asked for a room change. I had non-chalantly asked one of the hotel employees about occupancy and learned that it was only about 60% so we thought we had a pretty good chance. Our room was changed promptly to building block 4 which is much closer to everything but they wouldn't give us a view overlooking the main courtyard. Instead, we were given a view of the Desert Botanical Garden. Not bad, but I would have preferred the courtyard view.We noticed that in our second room there were no bathrobes as was in the first room. Housekeeping brought them up to us. Also, we learned that they don't stock stationary as a standard item, you have to ask and they will bring it to you. We found a convenient laundry room in our block of rooms. The washers and dryers are free with detergent and softener supplied as well.For dinner on both nights we ate at Roy's. We dropped by the restaurant in the afternoon before they start serving to check out the menu and Bob the managing partner was extremely friendly and allowed us to poke around. The Hawaiian fusion food is fantastic. The best deal is the prix fixe menu. For $30 you get an appetizer your choice of entree and dessert. The next night we ate off the sushi menu. Mako, the chef partner, definitely knows what he's doing. We sat outdoors the first night and inside the second. Sitting outside is definitely better. The tiki torches add to the ambiance.There's a Starbucks inside the main area. Get a coupon for a free tall coffee of the day by going to the timeshare desk. The timeshare people aren't there at 6:00 am so make sure to get the coupon during the day. Just tell them you're only interested in the free coffee and they'll lay off the hard sell. If you prefer to drink something else, they give you a dollar off any dring with the coupon. Also, at Starbucks, bring your water bottle and fill it up with free water that includes lemon and strawberry accents. Later on in the day you can really taste the fruit as it settles into the water.Valet parking is $17 per day so you may want to think about self parking except it's a long hike back. A shuttle from the parking lot would be nice to see.My wife went to the spa and got the 80 minute stone massage ($180 + tip). She was content although it might have been a little expensive. The service was good and the facilities tranquil and relaxing.Overall, this is quite a resort we would definitely visit again when in the Phoenix area.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carlsbadkid
<Content>Absolutely the best! Two night stay--- June 30 - July 2This is an incredible resort hotel that caters to professionals, (the bellmen said about 70% business) and their families that join them! We were thrilled with our vacation! We were not there on business, so we just used their pools and lazy river to catch some fun in the sun! We experienced no crowds at all in the water, in fact we marveled that about 95% of the chairs were empty all day around their pools. Now, we did drop a bit of money at their Blue Sage restaurant and Roy's, but we knew we would. We could have gone across the street and saved some money, but we so adored the wonderful live music, the refreshing breezes, the lit torches and the surroundings that we couldn't tear ourselves away. Our daughter was tired of the same old kids menu items, so we requested that a small bean/cheese burrito and side of rice be made at Blue Sage--- no problem at all, they were happy to oblige. They may want to look into offering that to other kids as a healthier alternative to chicken tenders etc...I must comment on the service. I've read that some people have experienced sub par service. We did not find this to be the case at all!!! I would say that I had the best service that I have encountered at any hotel from the front desk, to the bellmen, to the valet and every restaurant too! Everyone accomodated our every request including a couple special ones with a smile--- I find it hard to believe that the service could vary so widely from the attentive and friendly help we received. We have traveled widely and found this hotel to be top notch. I think you will enjoy your stay!Families, ask for a room in the 4000 wing-- the views are amazing!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort Great Location Stayed 8 nights at this beautiful resort with my wife and 2 kids. The rooms were great, service was outstanding, food at the Blue Sage was very nice. The pools and the laid back atmosphere here made our vacation time very relaxing. We asked for a microwave and refrigerator upon arrival and within 15 minutes we had each(Great Service). One plus that guests enjoy is complimentary washer and dryer use. This service saved us a bucnch with all the kids clothing. The location is great to get on the 101 and head anywhere in the Phoenix area quickly, yet away from all the hustle of the city. Only negative comment is the long walk to the car in the parking lot during heat of day. Probably a quarter of a mile, seems more at 100 degrees. Would definately come back during off season.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice Very good choice, especially for families. New, clean, good service. Good deal in summer! A few warnings: the lazy river closes very early most days, college kids make it clear it is time to get out as early as 5 pm. Also restaurants are expensive for families. Entertainment, beautiful landsaping, good size rooms. Know that this is a mega-resort, so no personal feeling.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Week at the Marriott My wife and I stayed at the resort from June 5-10, 2004 for a visiting conference. We both *loved* the resort, from the beautiful grounds to the excellent dinners at Blue Sage and Roy's. We spent our first day at the Revive Spa. The massages were great, and since you have access to all spa facilities for the day, schedule your massage as early as possible. We were able to enjoy the private pool area for many hours (until 8pm) away from the kids and crowds at the other pools (which weren't very crowded, but there were only a few others at the spa pool). The lobby is beautiful at night. We enjoyed sitting outside on the lounge chairs and outdoor couches, looking up at the pools with the firepits around us, sipping on drinks from the bar. Phoenix weather is also something to behold - we didn't see a cloud for 5 days and the nights were warm, but not hot. Perfect for late night strolls around the grounds. Our room was also great, with a private balcony and turn down service twice a day. The bathrooms are beautiful. Service was top notch. The staff was very nice. There is a car service to the mall across the street for $5, or it's a quick 15 minute walk (time of day is the key of making the choice to walk or get a ride.) I used the fitness facilities twice, which are adequate. If your body is on east coast time, you'll be treated to early morning sunrises across the back of the resort earlier than 5am. The gardens around the resort and water features are gorgeous. The only possible negative of the resort is that from the distance, it doesn't look like much. You can only really see the palm trees in the front and since it expands out to the north, you only see the southern stucco wings from the road. From the highway, it's even hard to pick out the resort, so the resort doesn't look like the oasis it is from a distance. However, once you drive up to resort and walk in the lobby and see the grounds, you immediately know it's a special place. We would definitely return.   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful Resort!!!!! I do not understand how anyone could possibly give this hotel a bad review. It is absolutely gorgeous. It is a luxury hotel with impeccable service. We just got back from a week stay (May 23-29, 2004). We have three children (ages 4 1/2, 2 1/2 and 7 months). The kids loved the hotel and are already asking when we can go back. We stayed in a regular guest room. Upon arrival, we asked for a microwave and refrigerator for our room. These items were quickly brought to our room and were great to have with the small children. The rooms are spacious and very clean (I am very germ-conscious because of the children). The staff at the hotel is wonderful. Every single employee (from pool staff to bell hop to front desk, etc.) would say hello and ask if we needed anything when we walked by. They definitely want to provide 5-star service. The hotel grounds are beautiful. There is a botanical garden and waterfalls all over the place (beautiful at night). Our children loved the pools (there are 5 of them). There is a water spray area for toddler/small children and the slide and lazy river were great for our 2 1/2 and 4 1/2 year old. I saw much older children enjoying them as well. We researched many hotels before choosing this JW Marriot, and we have vacationed in many luxury hotels and this definitely ranks as one of the most classy and prettiest hotels we have ever stayed at. We will be back!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sullgreg
<Content>Highest Praise for the Desert Ridge Reort and Spa! My family spent spring break at the new JW Marriott DEsert Ridge Resort and Spa in April. We have been to a number of wonderful hotels around the country, and none of us can wait to return to this hotel. We stayed in one of the Cloud Club rooms, which gave us access to additional amenities. If it is within your budget, the additional cost is well worth the level of service and amenities (such as full breakfast, snacks and beverages throughout the day, evening appetizers and full open bar, and dessert, including specialized concierge services) provided, and the Cloud Club staff could not be more helpful. The recreational offerings include several pools and a river pool, with a slide, that was great fun for us and for our teenage daughter and her friend. Golf courses and services were first-rate. The spa, which includes a terrific (and quiet!) pool as well as a spa restaurant, offered excellent massages. We were less impressed with the manicure/pedicure services offered in the salon, which were overpriced and lesser quality. Rooms were spacious, with balconies, and the hotel staff was attentive; on the occasions that we made a special request, we received immediate service. We at at Roy's and the Blue Sage (breakfast and dinner) and found both to be extremely high quality, with exceptional service. The appetizers that we sampled from the other hotel restaruants were excellent, as well. I would highly recommend using the hotel's vacation planning services (check the hotel web site) in advance of your visit; we did, and we received wonderful recreational, dining and cultural recommendations and had all reservations made for us prior to our arrival. If you are looking for a bargain, this hotel is not for you. If you are looking for an upscale, high-quality experience, with impressive retaurants, spa, and recreation, make your reservation now!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again! I recently took my kids on an in-town getaway and was very disappointed. I was excited to see this great new hotel in town but I feel like it fell short on all accounts. First, the check in staff was a bit unfriendly. The pool area was a joke. I was expecting a fun pool area for kids but it was confusing and very over crowded. I took one float around the so called river and that was enough for me. Total log jam if you know what I mean. Restaurants were very expensive and I don't feel this hotel/resort caters very well to families. I've been to several resorts in town and this is not one I will visit again.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jknox
<Content>Awesome Resort / Terrible Spa We took the entire family to this resort for springbreak this year and had a wonderful time. The hotel is beautiful! The rooms are large, clean, and stylish. The staff is incredible, everyone goes out of their way to accomodate you. The kids loved the lazy river and pool. We tried the kids club one day and although it was expensive, well worth the money. One of the niceast touches were the pool waiters going around and handing out fresh strawberries and ice water with lemon (FREE) to the people around the pool. We ate at both Roy's and Blue Sage and enjoyed both. The evenings always included some live music in the courtyard and was always very nice. My husband and I both tried a massage at the Spa and were very disappointed. We both get massages on a regular basis and were told this spa was one of the best. However, that proved to be wrong. The whole thing was rushed and the lady didn't seemed like she was very experienced. My Friend got a mani/pedicure and had the same rushed experience. I know that they overbook appointments quite a bit, maybe they should concentrate on quality rather than quantity. Overall, loved the resort but skip the pricey sub-standard spa!   
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ltp_tango
<Content>Great Summer Prices - Fun Resort I stayed at the brand-new resort in June 2003. I live in Phoenix, just 4 miles from the resort, and received a fantastic $99.00 a night rate, plus discounts on the spa. I invited 3 girlfriends to share a room with two double beds with me (you can have up to 5 people per room for no extra charge, so the room cost $25.00 plus 1/4 tax per night). We stayed for two evenings (Friday and Saturday nights), and had a blast. The resort is absolutely beautiful. The pool and water features are fantastic. The spa is wonderful, and the staff there treats you like a celebrity. The spa is gorgeous, with its own pool and the spa services are excellent. For visitors from out of town: for dining, go across the street to the Desert Ridge outdoors mall. The prices are MUCH better. There are a number of excellent restaurants; nightclubs; shopping and an AMC theater, all within walking distance (right across the street from the resort). Restaurants include Macaroni Grill; Friday's; Bahama Breeze; On the Border; Malee's; and much more, serving any kind of food you desire. Ray's restaurant at the resort is excellent, but VERY pricey. Ditto for the resort bar: you'll pay about $10.00 per drink. Go across the street and drink and eat for MUCH less. There's also an Albertson's grocery store across the street for munchies, toiletries, drinks and more.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average review on the Dessert Ridge Resort  While the overall experience at the Dessert Ridge was both entertaining and relaxing, I would have to say that I left there feeling a bit fleeced in the wallet for overpriced services. There is no complimentary coffee available due to the numerous contract vendors on the property. It's the first time I ever spent over $40 for a breakfast buffet for two. The most disappointing aspect though, was the substandard service at the Blue Sage, Roy's, and Tuscany. We had one meal comped at the Blue Sage when our waitor dissappeared. We had a very similar experience at Tuscany's Tuesday night. Not sure what the problem was, but should we ever go back to the Dessert Ridge, we won't eat at their restaurants. As an aside though, table service was poor nearly everwhere we ate. Guess they feel their clients are somewhat limited on their choice of where to eat the finer foods. On another note. My wife could not even get an appointment at the spa. What a bummer.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rlmwdc
<Content>Great Resort My husband, daughter (10) and I finished up a weeklong Easter 2004 vacation at this property. We stayed three nights and thought it was great. The property is BIG - but the staff is friendly and accomodating. We ate at Roy's the first night and we weren't disappointed. Dining outside the next night at Blue Sage was fantastic. Mostly, we enjoyed the Lazy River. So many pools to choose from - that we never felt crowded. I like the lawn area for the kids to play on and also the beautiful desert garden in the back. A nice Towne Center style shopping area is directly across the street with a big movie theater and nice choices for additional dining. Good property - good value.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fun-on-wheels
<Content>very relaxing, loved it I don't know where to begin. Our suite was a 2 bedroom and amazing. We had a kitchenette, dining room set, large desk, 2 huge bathrooms and 2 king size beds. Oh, did I forget to mention the large couch and 2 oversized leather chairs. The staff couldn't have been nicer. The golf courses, walking trails, swimming pools and spa offered sometime for everyone in my family. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, great resort We just got back from a week long stay at this resort. It is awsome. The pools are wonderful, the staff is very helpful and the rooms are clean and spacious. We added the Cloud Club and it was worth every penny. The meals served at the Cloud Club are excellent. Ask about it when you make your reservation. The kids club is first rate. Shopping and many restaurants are located close by at the Desert Ridge shopping center.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand hotel in the desert This hotel, given its size is one of the best I have ever stayed in. The only reason that I didn't give it an excellent review was the size.. but when I asked my kids aged 12 and 8 they didnt waver in their love of the hotel. The pool area was too crowded for my liking ( even though the service was quick , friendly and efficient) but there was so much pool there was never a problem getting a chair. The lazy river was nice, my kids koved it , but I was expecting a more exotic setting for that after reading the reviews , so I was a little dissapointed. The Cloud club was amazing, well worth theprice, . The spa was beautiful and the massages were good . Check in was fast friendly and stressless. The hotel could use a more casual restaurant and perhaps some nighttime entertainment.Roys is a great restaurant. The tennis program needs to be developed and is too pricey.The service and staff though not a trained as Ritz Carlton staff was great and I have never met people so willing to make my stay pleasant , especailly at the cloud club level.I will definitely return ..especially with my kids. If I want a quiet getaway without thekids though ,I might think twice and go to a smaller more intimate place..  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome place This Marriott is one of the best.. The rooms were great, pools, golf, and just about everything else. We were there over New Years and they had wonderful events going on. The spa is very relaxing, and we are already booked to go back next year.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New paradise in Phoenix The Desert Ridge is a great new resort.The pools are nice with a great lazy river.The lobby is a great place to have a drink at night.The food at the pool was good and the Blue Cafe was also good enough to eat at 2 nights in a row.Ask for great waitress named cathy c.The cloud Club was worth the cost having 3 kids.The staff at the cloud club was very helpful answering many questions.In all a great new resort and great for families.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable, beautiful hotel in Phoenix The Marriot Desert Ridge was a beautiful, comfortable hotel. We were pleasantly surprised at how great an experience we had at such a large hotel, since we tend to prefer smaller, boutique hotels. But despite it's large size (the largest resort hotel in Phoenix with over 900 rooms!) we never felt too overwhelmed or lost. The rooms were very large and comfortable, the service was fantastic. The food was average, except for Roy's which was terrific. We spent the extra money for the Cloud Club which was very nice, but I'm not sure if it was really worth it for us. The pools were great and the spa was absolutely wonderful! The location is a bit far from everything since it's in the very northern part of Phoenix, and right next to a large shopping area. But you really don't feel the need to leave the property and could probably manage just staying there. Overall, very nice and somewhere I would consider staying again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely beautiful! Just returned from this beautiful resort! We were looking for a last minute getaway with our 18 month old son and chose this based on other great reviews from Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed! We went for 4 days and were treated with great service from the moment we stepped out of the car. Standard rooms are good sized with big bathrooms and both tub and separate shower. The resort is sparkling...almost brand new with beautiful tennis, golf, spa and pool facilities. They have fountains everywhere (even one that small children can play in near the pools). We were unlucky with weather for the first few days but were able to find some great side trips (Sedona and the Phoenix Zoo) until it was time to lay poolside. The lazy river and waterslide were great as well as several other standard pools. Restaurants are better than room service which had limited choices. We had an extravagant breakfast buffet included with our room which was the highlight meal of each day. Also, great food at Roy's restaurant where they welcomed our toddler... surprisingly kid friendly, especially for a fine restaurant. Major THUMBS UP on JW Marriott Desert Ridge.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Excellent Service! Amazing hotel!! Check in was great - very friendly and helpful. Room was amazing - 3 room suite with 2 baths. Spa was wonderful - spent the day. The pools are all great especially the lazy river. Wonderful food and service at all the restaurants. Really nothing to complain about at all, other than we didnt stay long enough!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ushma
<Content>Simply Fabulous The JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort and Spa was beautiful. It's only about a year old so it's in great shape. We were in Phoenix for a New Year's getaway. We were first at the Marriott Camelback but we moved mid-stay to see what else was out there. Our favorite things about the Desert Ridge were the huge outdoor fire places, (unique idea and perfect for the chilly winter weather) and the huge marble bathrooms. Separate shower and tub. Our room looked out to the pools, hotel grounds, the desert and beyond that mountains. The resort has a driving range, a Starbucks, and a Spa. What more do you need? We took advantage of the yoga class which was fun too. The Blue Sage restaurant is mediocre (blah food and no vegetarian choices), but it has a great little grocery right in front of it.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Relaxing Incredible I have to say from arrival to departure I was greeted and taken care of beyond words. The staff is very friendly and accomodating especially Kimberly at the Blue Sage. The Spa was clean and a wonderful experience. The hotel was top notch and grounds were spectacular. Conceige were very friendly/helpful for information. The Roy restaurant was superb. I would be honored to return to this beautiful establishment. What a great relaxing vacation. Thank you.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ron41
<Content>Great Resort! My wife and my three kids (ages 12,9, and 7) just returned from a week at the hotel. The hotel was better than we expected. The grounds were spectacular - the waterfalls, pools, golf course etc. The service was excellent. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was great every day. The hotel is located across the street from a large shopping area and right near the highway. We had no complaints whatsoever. While not geared specifically for kids, the hotel was more than kid friendly. I would love to stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A benchmark of excellence for other resorts to follow Outstanding resort, which is staffed by top-notch, friendly professionals. The facility is world class and glorious in design. The only negative we experieced was permitted cigarette smoking around the pool areas... Yuk! The hotel should definately designate a special area where smokers go to do their thing wihtout dampening an otherwise wonderful day for others relaxing in the warm, Phoenix sun.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Time! My wife and I just got back from the JW Marriott in Scottsdale and were completely impressed. The staff was super friendly, the food was wonderful (Roy's was our favorite, because we ate there in Hawaii), the pool food was even really good. Not to mention the golf courses, which were impeccable and directly adjacent to the hotel. The pool area is unbelievable, with numerous pools, jacuzzis, and even a lazy river with a slide. Don't forget the complimentary 'citrus infusion' water drink at the pool.I would recommend this to anyone. We will be back soon. Hopefully it will not rain next time...  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Even More Beautiful than the Brochures This tops the list - BY FAR - of all the places we have ever stayed! The resort is even more beautiful than we could have imagined, even more beautiful than the brochures. But above all, the staff went of their way to make sure that all our needs were met and always with a smile. They were the BEST! We will definitely be back!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vacationloverchicago
<Content>this is what heaven must be like If a hotel is supposed to be about quality,service and to make sure you feel like a king  queen during your stay,JW has done that and more. The grounds are magnificent,the restaurants,Roy, and Blue Sage have the best food with service to match.The room was nicely appointed,maid service twice a day,always had plenty of towels. But it's the staff at JW that really make the difference.All the staff,including the landscapers,look you in the eye,and warmly greet you as if they really cared,It doesn't appear to be something you have to do,but something you want to do.The pool,the view,the lazy river,the pool service was 1st class all the way.I can't wait to get back there.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disapointed! I live in the Valley of Sun. I stayed at the new JW Marriott with some girls friends for a Girl's Night away from our children and husbands. Roy's was great. However...downhill from there. Bugs in the room...moved to an upgraded room over the pool which was so loud that we were still laying awake at 1 am...breakfast order NOT placed and finally arrived VERY late and food was NOT worth the money paid......left behind a valuable item and Housekeeping never found it! Overall, beautiful property but not worth $330 a night for a standard room and such horrible service and professionalism!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cloud Club a heavenly experience Wow, what a place! Two college friends and I went for a long girls weekend to celebrate our 40th birthdays. We splurged on the Cloud Club level accommodations. We were met at the airport by a town car (complimentary) and whisked away to the resort, where we were treated like royalty from the minute we walked in the door. Our room was very nice, but not huge. Marble bathroom, cd player- in all, nicely appointed. We enjoyed the many pools, and spent two full days hanging out at the Revive Spa, where we swam, ate lunches, enjoyed treatments (massages, facials, lime salt body scrubs) and took our sweet time showering and fixing ourselves up for our evening activities. In the Cloud Club Sky Lounge, we were treated to wonderful cooked to order breakfasts, fabulous coffee, open bar from 5-10 every night, hors' d'ouevres from 5-6 (along with a chef who explained what he was cooking for us), and wonderful desserts from 8-10 each evening. Ken, our personal Cloud Club Guardian Angel, took such good care of us. When we jokingly complained about the lack of good (read, 80's) music in the club, he went home that evening and burned cd's more to our liking. The requested music was playing softly for us when we came in for coffee the next morning at 7:00. This is but one example of the pampering we received at Desert Ridge.I highly recommend this facility- we'll be going back next spring!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's is the best Resort in the area!   showReview(1372414, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best of the best   showReview(1346370, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MJASAZ
<Content>Excdellent!   showReview(1342893, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chris0000
<Content>a great resort   showReview(1276794, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danish66
<Content>Wonderful! Clean, amazing room service, pool service. It's like being in Vegas without the casinos!   showReview(1275356, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heaven on Earth!   showReview(1274825, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jbuffett
<Content>Are you kidding me!   showReview(1263892, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Property   showReview(990999, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort!   showReview(926588, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TIMDStPaul_Mn
<Content>Excellent resort   showReview(846524, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JumboHamburg
<Content>Traumhaftes Hotel in der W眉ste   showReview(10248290, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

