<Author>Labda
<Content>So Perfect You Won't Want to Leave I could not recommend this place more. I liked it so much it inspired me to leave my first TripAdvisor review.Desa Seni exceeded my expectations on all fronts -- property, food, amenities, pool, yoga, the staff, and other guests (bonus!). The houses are all unique and beautifully restored/maintained. The property is much larger than it appears on the site and the gardens are so well maintained it's almost shocking. I didn't see anything else like it in Bali, even at the really high-end hotels. They have a diverse menu with healthy but really delicious salads, sandwiches, wraps, pizzas, pastas, and rice dishes. Most of the produce is grown on the property, so you literally walk past your dinner every evening. The smoothies and fresh fruits they bring to you room every afternoon are to die for. The salt water lap pool is perfect for exercising or floating and all the guests seem to use it well for both activities. A huge positive of Desa Seni is the twice daily yoga classes they offer. The teachers are fantastic for all levels - our group had never done yoga before - and they draw members of the community. It's fun to meet people that really live in Bali; they add a lot to the Desa Seni experience in that it doesn't feel super touristy and manufactured. It's a legitimately local place with a rich community. The staff is incredibly helpful - in the middle of a downpour they rushed over to me to provide a towel and cool glass of water as I'd just finishing swimming laps in the pool - and call everyone by name. They followed up on all requests. Desa Seni is very family friendly but it works for couples too. It draws a cool group of people -- well-behaved kids, mellow parents, and happy honeymooners alike. The owners, Tom and Howard, are always around, speak Bahas Bali, and are really passionate about their work. It's clear their team loves working with them and they went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed.The only slight negative is that it's a good 15 min walk to the beach but the beach isn't that great (at least in the wet season while we were there) and there's so much to do at Desa Seni we didn't miss the beach at all. Nevertheless, if you must do the beach it's a pretty walk and the beach nearest to the hotel has great surf (Brawa Beach). Hats off to Tom and Howard for creating Desa Seni!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ss75
<Content>Wonderful concept,outstanding touches,some pointers We (myself, my husband and our 3 1/2 year old boy) stayed at the Desa Seni for four days from the 5th to the 9th of September 2008. After considerable research, I chose the Desa Seni because of its concept, availability of vegetarian food, wellness activities and child friendliness. The other place I had considered was the Komaneka Tanggayuda which also offered a nice package.I asked for the package rate mentioned on the desa seni website as I found it more cost effective compared to the daily rate quoted by the property. The package rate includes breakfast and some of the meals and a spa treatment.We were given the Rumah Widja which had a nice outdoor sitting area. The outdoor bathroom was huge and bathing was a pleasure. The resort has sulphur water in the taps (no need for sulphur springs) and I thought this feature was outstanding. However, I was six months pregnant when we travelled and I found the wooden steps leading to the bath area difficult to negotiate particularly during the night trips to the loo. I mentioned this to the staff and we were reassigned to Rumah Gambuh, a much bigger (2 bedroom family villa) house. We thought that it was incredibly helpful and rare for a resort to upgrade us without an extra charge. Rumah Gambuh also had a wonderful outdoor shower at the same level as the bedroom and so was just right.The food was well made and portions large. We did end up ordering extra toasts and jams through (out of the package). The orange juice (unfortunately not available all the time) was very refreshing.The pool area is nice and kids have a little area for themselves. The resident dogs were a plus. We did not end up going for any of the yoga sessions.Access to Seminyak/Kuta/Ubud wasby car. The car that we ordered for our stay through the resort was a bit more expensive than the rates quoted on the flyers of agancies available at the airport but we didnt mind as we felt that it was easier and more reliable to go through the resort.Of the three spa treatments that we took, my husband and I liked two. For one of the treatments, the lady who had been brought in seemed more keen on getting back home and didn't give the full duration of treatment.We did a day trip to Ubud and a couple of trips to Water Bom at Kuta for our boy who had a rollicking time. We also visited an organic cafe at Seminyak along with some shopping.A pleasant stay at Desa Seni. I would have liked it if we could have signed for meals and spa treatments immediately rather than have to review the bill for the entire stay at the time of check out.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lsparks
<Content>Desa Seni, Utopia found This place just oozes with charming delightful architecture and design that is sympathetic to its Balinese landscape (no minimalist cube with a splunge pool), instead architecture and design that is just so eclectic and full of integrity that you just feel comfortable the moment you see this place. . The individual houses are close enough to feel village like, but far enough away so that you don鈥檛 feel too claustrophobic. No standardised approach to this village resort, each house is expertly decorated, and makes you want to start pricing out shipping containers so that you can take everything back home鈥?br/>The food was heavenly, the restaurant just used the freshest of ingredients, and the divine gardens had me hooked and got me planning a new veggie patch at home. Just waiting for the cookbook to be launched too.The service and Balinese people working at the resort were fantastic, genuinely kind and interested in our lives. To demonstrate their kindness, right at the end of our trip, I was trying to leave a tip, and one of the local Balinese workers suggested leaving part of the tip to the village orphanage. Although I don鈥檛 practise yoga, I watched some of the classes from afar, and am now inspired to start doing some classes. My 3-year-old son was in his element staying here, and called Desa Seni, Sunshine Valley. Thank you Tom and Howard totally inspired by your creativity Desa Seni felt like Utopia. . I can鈥檛 wait to return one day.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Stu&Mich
<Content>Close to Seminyak and yet a world away I'll start with the only one possible improvement - the bed which was very hard. However Desa Seni and their team could have put me on a bed of nails and I would still have been relaxed here. The place is beautiful - you live in fantastic gardens, meander down paths to the pool or for dinner. Very relaxing and Balinese without being over the top. Food and drinks come to you if you can't move because you are simply too relaxed.From booking communications to checking out the service was personal (like you are a friend) and excellent - relaxed as well but efficient.This place should play a part in everyone's trip to Bali. If you want to have access to the Seminyak restaurants and life without staying at the likes of The Legian, Ahimsa or C151 (we have stayed at all three) then Desa Seni should be it. Not 5* in The Legian way - but 5* in a much better way and still close to the action if you need it.Njoy Bali  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mischaSydney
<Content>Stop the search! You must stay here! I left Desa Seni only yesterday and I miss it already! It is without doubt one of the most wonderful accommodation experiences I've ever had ... and I've stayed in some pretty gorgeous places including The Legian and Uma Ubud. This is exactly what accommodation should be ... unique, warm, friendly, beautifully resolved design wise and you feel like you've actually experienced Bali.It may not be for everyone (leave your Christian Louboutin heels in the LV trunk, they won't really work for you on the 'walk of awareness'... but I'm sure they'd be happy for you to give it a go!). But if you love a well designed, unique experience with oodles of beautiful details, traditional / contemporary charm, immaculate service, great yoga classes and superb fresh organic food, you must try this place. Oh, did i mention the owners? Tom and Howard are so welcoming and warm. Nothing like having the guys right there making sure that Desa Seni is immaculately maintained and no stone is left unturned. They've put allota love into this place and it shows.More please sir ....  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chefgalLosAngeles
<Content>A slice of Balinese heaven... I went to Desa Seni with a yoga retreat. Our group arrived togethor in the late afternoon, by noon the next day everyone knew my name. The staff is lovely. Catering to your every need without being stuffy. Kind of like a hippies Four Season! The yoga studio is open air, and the air in Bali is magical. The rooms are Balinese houses that have been moved and rebuilt on the property. Our room had an open air bathroom with beautiful trees growing in it. Wooden sinks, great bath products. It really is a very special place. The food is great, a good portion of it grown on the property. Everywhere you look you see beauty. I would go there again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelwishescometrue
<Content>Magical Desa Seni This was my first time out of the US and I will NEVER forget it. Desa Seni is magical. I know my heart grew there. The grounds were beautiful and so well-kept; the food was healthy and delicious; the pool was perfect; the yoga studio was unforgettable; but I must say that it's the people of Desa Seni that I will always remember. The service was above and beyond in every aspect. I think, above all though, I was touched by the genuine kindness of the staff. The service was perfect. The smiles came from the heart and that's what makes it so very special. I can't imagine not going back there!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunnyLa
<Content>heaven on earth Everything you could imagine in a perfect destination is here...this was my second year at Desa it always amazes me how well its done. Everything is perfect the staff the rooms the food the vibe. It is no less than perfect. See you next year!!!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LosAngelesNana
<Content>Desa Seni is Outstanding! I have never been to a place quite like Desa Seni.The property is beautiful, a true Balinese experience.The staff was very attentive, always smiling and happy to help you.And they remembered my name, every one of them.The food was five star all the way.I went there on a yoga retreat. It was a perfect vacation.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mammamia28
<Content>Oasis The Desa Seni is like a little oasis. The zone is not that great. As far as I could tell, it is in the middle of a residential zone. However, this is the kind of hotel you can just check into and not leave. The food is great. There's lots of yoga stuff to do (if you're into that). And above all, the hotel has been decorated with an eye to detail and design. All of the houses are imported from different areas on Indonesia. It's just beautiful. We stayed here as well as at the Four Season in Ubud (also beautiful) and the Bulgari (also beautiful). The Desa Seni is a wonderful place to stay and for the price range it is in it is probably the best deal we got out of our whole trip. The guys that run the place are also very friendly and welcoming. Go and you won't regret it. It is a luxury hotel without a doubt. You will feel pampered and relaxed by the time you leave.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	5	3	

<Author>beachlly
<Content>Unique, Luxurious  Looking for an oasis stop between Singapore and Jakarta, we found Desa Seni. Unfortunately we were only able to stay for a much too short 2 nights while on a biz trip, but their friendly staff and the serene surroundings made it easy to melt away the stress of the previous week. Located about a 10 min walk from the beach and only 20mins from the airport, the property is surrounded by rice patties and is charming, natural and beautifully designed.Their small cottages are charming, comfortable and although rustic, amazingly luxurious. The food is out of this world and the staff is welcoming and charming. The two owners made us feel like we were staying at their home for the weekend, but in an unobtrusive way. They both knew us by first name and would randomly come over to chat and make sure were were happy and comfortable. I received a message from a traditional Balinese healer. I was floating afterwards and my stomach amazingly settled after a week of travel and unknown foods. After 5 mins of arrival, Desa Seni skyrocketed to the top of my accommodations list - comfort, serenity, peace and luxury. All rolled up in a beautiful rice patty enclosed retreat..  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>dustweek
<Content>Best destress resort on earth We had 2 weeks to destress from Tokyo life, and had the pick of any property on earth - price, no object. The rave reviews ('Top 10 Luxury Hotels to Destress', 'Best Bali Hotels under $100') tempted us to dive in head first with an 8-day package at Desa Deni - sight unseen. Other than summer camp, I had never stayed so long in one place, and booking a one-week package at an unknown hotel was a big gamble.Without a doubt, the 1 week package at Desa Seni was the single best hotel choice either of us had ever made, and I am satisfied that we chose the absolute best spot on earth for our situation. And we are veteran travellers who have seen the world several times and have stayed at $800/night hotels in Paris and $4 shacks in Vietnam. At Desa Seni, you get the service of a luxury cruise liner, with Bali as your daily port-of call - mixed with a summer spent at Grandma's farm. Ordering room service is one thing, but it's another to watch the waiters run from the tiny kitchen to your front yard to pick organic tomatoes and chilis for your lunch.Uncle Howie and Uncle Tom run the resort with a laid-back nonchalance, while enforcing the highest standards. It became a joke to set our watches to the garden staff - it must be 7:00:20 if they are walking over the bamboo bridge towards the garden. Every optional tour - the driver, the nanny, the massage, was ready and waiting 15 minutes early. When we ordered extra towels, they arrived within 50 seconds (yes, we were timing you!). At the same time, life crawled along easily, and it was easy to forget what day it was.Desa Seni is a sprawling complex of 100-year old antique farm houses, spread among the terraced rice paddies of Bali. Surprisingly, it contains only 12 or so separate rooms, so despite its size, it's actually a small boutique hotel. The resort is a 10-minute walk from the ocean, and we could hear the crashing surf at night. The ocean breeze kept things cool, and we never needed the air conditioner. The old houses carried the wind through the house, and we couldn't be happier sitting on our verandah all day long reading old magazines. At day, the gardens are alive with butterflies. At night, the frogs, bats, geckoes, and god-knows-whatelse take over. There are surprisingly few mosquitoes. Squeamish city folk might be better off at the Hilton, but anyone who's ever enjoyed a walk in the country will love the wildlife at Desa Seni - especially Sally, the resident brown dog.The core of the village is the sea-water pool - warm at night and cool in the day. The waiters enthusiatically bring towels, sarongs, cucumber water and body sprays the moment you dip into the pool. A thatched-roof rice storage hut sits at one end, and the raised platform underneath makes a perfect spot for a lazy lunch. The yoga pavilion is the only new building on site. It is a beautiful site. Its entrance includes a running fountain. The yoga classes have a lively repeat audience of Europeans and Australians staying at nearby villas. At night, Jelila's Healing with Music was magical - the sounds of the surf mixed with the chorus of frogs and Jelila's own singing and music, to form an unforgettable session.We stayed with a 2-year old boy, and naturally had lots of unusual demands. The staff at Desa Seni met them, and anticipated ones we hadn't thought of: the Bali Pancake got bigger and bigger every day, and contained more and more bananas. The resort is a perfect place for kids - they'll love chasing butterflies, for newlyweds and other romantics, for people looking to detox from every day life, and for fans of architecture and Indonesian culture. Two weeks since we left, our boy still talks about his Bali home, and is asking Santa to buy Bali for Christmas. We will definitely visit again, and encourage others to do the same.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Balisun
<Content>Magical Organic Wonderland       Night light  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>uchico
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銈ㄣ偣銈便兗銉楋紒銉儚銈广仾绫犮倞绯汇伀銇渶楂樸伄瀹匡紒       銇濄倢銇炪倢銇偝銉嗐兗銈搞伅銇撱倱銇劅銇樸€?/a>  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

