<Author>SimoneEv
<Content>Totally emerged in nature My experience could be unrelevant for some. For those with same expectations as mine...then, hopefully this review will help them.Essential : the type of tourist who will enjoy Waka Shorea is one that goes camping in a tent, has little needs in terms of services but adores unspoiled nature.I have booked this place, mainly after reading the reviews on Travel Advisor looking for the best diving place. After a 3,5h transfer from Nusa Dua (cost 70 USD) my stay in Waka Shorea was for a total of 3 hours...although the booking was for 6 nights. Thanks to Dertour I was moved from the island as soon as I called them.YOU HAVE TO LOVE LIVING CLOSE TO ANIMALS. Having stayed before in National Parks in Africa, here the contact with animals could be permanent whether it's black monkeys or mice. You are actually living in the middle of the animals.In the room there's an alluminium box which you are supposed to use for storing plastic objects to protect them from mice. If you are a person who cannot immagine leaving in the same room with rodents then...this is not the place for you. It is somehow understanding that being in a National Park means there aren't too many options to reduce the number of mice and anyway this is not acceptable in Bali's tradition. Fair enough, but be warned about it.There are few bungalows, the athmosphere is the kind of Blue Lagoon, far from anything, secluded. No TV in the room, A/C was working properly. Bathroom tiles have an old and slightly dirty look but that is because of the pattern, they were in fact clean. Room was clean, furniture traditional, big bed with long white courtains. Your room's door should be kept closed at all times so monkeys will not be tempeted to enter.The big pluses of the place :-the water looks like Maldive-the proximity of the diving sites is great, 15 min by boatFor a place with such amazing natural potential, I was surprised with the basic stage of the facilities. As I said, if you're looking for unspoiled nature and couldn't care less of anything else, then, Waka Shorea will be your dream vacation.If you want to go for diving, try a 1 night stay. Should be short enough for what you need.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>1	2	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	1	

<Author>dierkharte
<Content>unique location in the middle of bali barat national park       pier + sunrise  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	3	4	2	

<Author>nivek77
<Content>Nice but not very well organised Although overall we found Waka Shorea Resort to be a beautiful place to relax and enjoyed very much snorkelling and diving (it has a great reef), my girlfriend and I thought that being so far away from everything else (there is no nearby village or restaurant), sports and other activities could be better organised.In particular we were surprised that there were only 3 mountain bikes (during our stay they were even broken) for a c. 30 people resort. As regards trekking we found out this is very expensive ($35 per person for a 2 hour walk) and there is no way to go for a walk or a run by yourself because it is a national park and the guide is compulsory. As regards cannoing this can only be done in the morning due to the low tide in the afternoon.Overall I would strongly reccomend to bring a good book with you to have something to do during your stay.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Placebo
<Content>Best place in the world to RELAX We stayed at Waka Shorea for 3 nights (wish it was longer) - our second time there.If you want action and bright lights, this is not for you.It is the only resort in a national park in North-west Bali which you can only get to by boat (transfer included in accommodation fee).It is a short boat trip from Menjangan Island - where we experienced the best snorkelling I've ever done.Waka Shorea is a great place to relax - there's not much to do - but the staff are super-friendly and attentive. The massages are great and very reasonably priced. Although you are a captive audience, the prices for drinks and food are very reasonable.We love it - and we'll be back!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>HKAIR
<Content>Amazing place This place was booked for us by our diving tour operator and we loved it. We stayed 4 nights- we had three days diving and one day rain forest trek on the mainland. For the first two nights there were only four guests and we had amazing dinners in private setting overlooking the water. My husband and I requested from the chief a selection of Balinese dishes and he created a sample menu for us. The only downside of this place is the thick mosquito net- it gets very hot overnight.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>3Bergen
<Content>nature honeymoon       eating your dinner here at night, wow  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	2	3	1	

<Author>coando
<Content>mixed feelings, great diving During our annual month long trip to Bali in June, my husband and I decided to break up our stay in Ubud with a few days diving trip to Menjangan Island. We took forever to decide between staying at the Mimpi resort or at Waka Shorea. We had our Balinese house manager on the phone to both places an hour working out discounts, which proved to be well worth it, as a local he was able to get us rock bottom prices at both places, both of which were still quite expensive for Bali. The discounted package price for 3 nights and 6 dives at Waka Shorea was $700 US, and $600 at Mimpi. OUCH!We finally decided on Waka Shorea based on Tripadvisor reviews; the proximity to Menjangan Island (from other resorts it is at least a 45 minute boat trip) and because everyone loved the location in Bali Barat park. When we first arrived we were certain we had made a horrible mistake, but over the course of 4 days the place grew on us, mostly because of the fantastic diving. If one weren't diving, there is really very little to do but eat, meditate, and have sex.First of all, I was expecting the resort to be in a jungle, but no. This part of Bali is quite arid, at least in June, reminding me of parts of West Texas, like around Wichita Falls; dusty, scrubby low trees and brush, at best it could be called a forest but looked to me like Uncle Leroy's uncleared back 40.The bungalows struck me not so much as rustic, but as having been hastily thrown together with cheap materials and therefore quickly falling apart. Actually, for being in a sensitive national park area, they were quite posh, with constant electricity, AC, flush toilets, strong flowing hot showers, and minifridges. In fact, the plumbing for the resort is probably taking a toll on the fragile arid ecosystem; water has to be piped from the mainland to run the nice showers and the fountains and the swimming pool. And, where does that toilet go when you flush it? Also, I heard the nearby village has to do without piped in water sometimes, and must bring water over in boats from the mainland.Then the next day, when we went diving, the trip turned around for us and we began to have a fantastic time!!!! And oddly enough, on 5 dives out of 6 we never saw any other divers! The sites were technicolor gorgeous thriving with intreging marine life, interspersed with complete destruction- the aftermath of dynamite fishing. On one dive we heard several blasts, sudden and loud! permeating the body- a heinous reality check in stark contrast to the peaceful beauty of the healthy reef we were currently in. Our plucky little dive master assured us the explosions were coming from nearby Java, but ample evidence of destroyed reef in the park made us question that.Topside, wildlife encounters consisted mostly of brief glimpses of fleeing shapes. We went on several walks around the property, unguided as they charge USD $20 per person to escort you; our wildlife sightings consisted of viewing acres of crab hole cities and glimpsing a few wild pigs and monkey groups running like all get out when they heard us coming. However, one fine morning there was an ELK drinking at the pool, completely unconcerned with the Japanese tourists enthusiastically snapping his portrait. This huge and unlikely creature is the MENJANGAN the island is named after. It was incredibly weird to see a large and hairy elk on Bali, looking like he'd just flown in from Colorado.We loved the food from the hotel restaurant (of course the only choice) The ample breakfast and lunch were included in the package price, but dinner had to be purchased. At least it was tasty and most nights served by candlelight on a platform overlooking the beach. Since drinks and snacks had to be purchased, it would be clever to buy them on the mainland (especially alcohol!) and pack them in your bags as the rooms do have the minifridge to stash them away in.Would we stay at the Waka Shorea again? Uncertain... being 10 minutes away from the fantastic diving on Menjangan was GREAT, but the resort itself is wildly overpriced (for example, in Ubud we were paying USD $45 a night for a two story house, beautifully furnished with TV, AC, and a lovely garden and fish pond) We will probaly explore other properties in nearby Permuteran.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	2	2	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rob43
<Content>Waka Shorea I stayed at the Waka Shorea with my wife, for a week in one of the two villa's, which were fantastic even having our own private beach area, seperate dining room, and two sun loungers at the waters edge.The wildlife is amazing to watch and you will find that no food or water is allowed to be left out near the kitchens etc. due to not being allowed to interfere with nature.I wouldn't say that the snorkelling/swimming was fantastic around the pier, but near to deer island it really is good, but there is nothing else to do except relax!!Bali Barat national park is also worth a visit. We were with two guides who took us along a dry river bed pointing out all sorts. We even came across bird traps which poachers were using to catch various finches, which we saved the finches and released them and destroyed the traps. If you can, have a trip to see the Bali Mynah breeding area, which we went to. Its like Fort Knox. Well worth a visit to the area. We were in Bali for 3 weeks and covered a lot, and yes it is worth going to.Rob  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>pigletthepug
<Content>Into the wild We stayed at Waka Shorea in April 2007. Our party consistsedof myself, husband, 2 year old son, nanny, my brother, his wife and 2 kids (11 and 6 years old).We went to the Bali Barat area to dive. My brother and I dive, while the rest of the party snorkels (except my toddler and his nanny, of course). The diving was beautiful, even just in front of the hotel. The snorkelling equally great. On good days, you can see the fish andthe corral from the jetty. But on bad days depending on the season, you get trash all over the place carried by the current.I had a wonderful time at Waka Shorea. We stayed at the villa w/ 2 bungalows. Husband, me and toddler slept very comfortably on the kingsize bed, and were protected from the mosquitoes by the bed netting.I enjoyed the outdoor bathroom and saw some monkeys. We had more thanenough hot water, soap/shampoo, towels. The turndown service was alsovery nice. Our unit was only a few meters from the beach, and we saw the beach and heard the ocean at all times. The nanny slept in the other bungalow. It had a full size bed, A/C as well. But we shared a bathroom. There was also another bale to laze around. My brother, hiswife and 2 kids shared 1 bungalow.Food was OK. I wasnt that happy with the food. But totally edible. Breakfast was good, with enough selection of bread. The juices were good. Staff was excellent. They cleaned the rooms efficiently, catered to our meal requests.But be forewarned. The place is rustic. Not rustic in the Four Seasons way. But rustic in the trees are gonna eat up your cottage way. If you have problems with mosquitoes, insects, bugs of any kind, do NOT come here. If you are prepare to come, definitely bring your won insect repellent. The whole place does have a rundown feel to it. In fact, we learned that they have cut their staff down to around 50% of its original level. Also, some of the villas are closed/damaged. I fear that soon, the wild nature will overtake the hotel!Also, there really is not much to do apart from snorkeling and diving. The beach is very rocky. And when the water is rough, you can't really snorkel/dive either. When we were there, there was 1 wasted day since the water was super rough.  I like the feeling of wilderness, the quiet and beauty of the place.If Waka Shore were only 2 hours away from the airport, I would definitely return. As it is 5 hours, unfortunately, I am not sure.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Charles_Orleans
<Content>Seclusion in the Bali Barat National Park Right up in the North West corner of Bali, it's over 4 hours drive from Denpasar. After check in there is a 20 minute boat ride to the resort itself, no roads go there only the motorcycle tracks used by the park rangers. The accommodation is in 10 individual lanai, equipped with everything you would expect in a good hotel. As you are in the Park there is wildlife everywhere from insects and frogs up to deer, wild pigs and monkeys so you are recommended to keep the doors shut. However, where else can you have breakfast and watch long tailed monkeys watching you from the trees 20 feet away or have a candlelit dinner by the beach while wild pigs charge about nearby. Snorkelling from the jetty is spectacular and there is a PADI dive school.A unique resort well away from everything, but if you have to keep in touch, they have a WiFi link  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	3	3	5	4	

<Author>banjomac
<Content>Great diving We started our Bali trip with a refreshing stay at Waka Gangga on the south coast. Loved it so much (see review) that chose to go to its sister hotel to do some diving on the NW coast.Its a very different resort. To get there, you have to take a boat - great for remoteness, natural beauty and wow factor, but then you have to have all your meals there - the restau was good, not great. However, they made up for it by arranging candlelit meals on the beach.Main attraction is living in a national park with wild deer, monkeys and birds around the wooden huts (ecologically sound - you can't even see them from the ea as they are hidden beneath the tree line).The monkeys are brilliant fun by day, if somewhat annoying (and scary!) at night.Diving was great - lots of sites, not many people. Unfortunately, we saw the results of cyanide fishing, an increasingly common practice in SE Asia whereby cyanide is used to stun big fish which can then be transported live to China. Problem is of course loads of other fish die. We reported our findings to the local park ranger, but its hard to stop this without addressing demand.Saw loads of barracuda, crustacea and snapper. Very clear seas. Overall, a good place to stay, but showing signs of wear and tear at the edges (hard to maintain something so remote), with good diving.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Tizzylishe
<Content>For Nature lovers ok with the Rough Edges Ok, here is the deal.I stayed at the Waka Shorea for 5 nights in August 2006. I was pretty curious about the Waka Shorea since I had a hard time finding any reviews of the place!The Waka Shorea is for Nature lovers unafraid of a few rough edges. The location of the Waka shorea is in a very remote part of the National Park. There are long hair deer ( more like mooses) and grey monkeys roaming the grounds. Waking up at the Waka shorea is kind of like being in a safari. The ocean was the clearest and bluest water I had experienced surrounding Bali. Snorkeling is truly amazing just off their peer. ( I have snorkeled in the Maldives, Tahiti, and Hawaii) They have sports center that gives mountain bike and hiking tours through the park. There are snorkeling trips everyday to the famous Deer island. I was traveling solo so I did not want to snorkel by myself so the Waka Shorea assisgned one of their divers to snorkel with me which was alot of fun. Go to station number 2 on the island. It was one of the best places I have ever snorkeled.Back to the hotel. If you are looking for a luxury hotel, the Waka Shorea is not your choice. Yet, being in such an amazing natural santuary made me forget about all the rough edges. They really need to have a reception area at the Waka shorea. It was hard getting a manager to speak with but when I did finally speak to one my request was always fulfilled.I wish they would have a bar where guests could relax and hang out.The food was ok. Fresh fish mixed in with some Balinese dishes at reasonable prices. They also had Italian and Inter continental food to please all tastes. They do make their own bread. The breakfasts are perfect with eggs, fruit, and fresh bread. There is no bar but you order a drink at the pool they will make one up for you. I saw several families with small children who seemed to be enjoying themselves, All the cabins are made with natural materials so it is very zen. They have 2 massage therapists working on the premises. I would not recommend the Waka for elderly people who have a problem with stairs since there are a few. Their beach is not that friendly since the low tide makes it impossible to enter the water without cutting yourself on the coral.All in all, it was the location of the Waka Shorea that is really special.If you are willing to give up some of that Western luxury to experience a truly unique location, then the Waka Shorea may be for you!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>harryKaysersberg
<Content>a ne pas recommander   showReview(20578679, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>breizic
<Content>exceptionnel       bungalow  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉€銈ゃ儛銉笺兓銈枫儱銉庛兗銈便儵銉笺伀銇娿仚銇欍倎銇с仚   showReview(19954886, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

