<Author>Umailop
<Content>Nice amenities, small room. My girlfriend and I stayed at the prescott to start the new year in San Francisco. We are both in-touch members and have stayed at many of the kimpton hotels in the city. I had read trip advisor reviews and I liked what others had to say and also felt that the fact that reviews were answered by the management was a plus. We booked the room in October and in november received a $99 a night promotion via my intouch emails. Unfortunately it was delivered to my inbox AFTER the promotion expired. I called the Prescott and spoke to Emily, and she was very helpful in getting me the $99 rate for my stay. Emily was great throughout the booking of our stay and she also was generous enough to provide a complimentary upgrade to the club level. This allowed us to receive continental breakfast and open bar/pizza from 430-630 in the club level lobby. Our first nite, the bartender Eddie, was great, super nice guy! I asked him if he would be there the following evening, but told me he was only at the club level lobby one night a week, which was kind of a bummer. The next day I realized how much of a bummer it was at the male bartender(Meng?) was kind of rude and seemed to lack sense of what to do or say in order to maintain good relations with the guests or avoid sounding offense. Just gave a bad vibe. He was there the next night as well and he asked my girlfriend when we were leaving, almost as if he couldnt wait to get rid of us! As far as the rooms go, they were nice, but extremely small, much smaller than I expected since we had stayed in a 450 square foot room at the Sir Francis Drake just over a month prior. I dont know how the 300 square feet is measured, but the bedroom was maybe 10ft by 12ft, which would be 120 sq feet. and definitely seemed to be half as large as the room at SFD.No ice machine, so you have to call the front desk for them to bring ice up, which isnt so bad, because it saved us a trip. Overall a good stay, and will likely consider future stays at the Prescott.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>BywaysDublin
<Content>A Delightful Hotel Our first visit to San Francisco, chose this wonderful hotel, all the staff very attentitive, rooms very cosy beautiful furnished. Stayed for 2 nights 14 and 15 Dec and 28 Dec 08 for 1 night. I left my credit card on table in Club Lounge and it was returned to my room within 15mins, what honesty. Will return.Jeannette MurphyDublin Ireland  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BROYTRAVEL
<Content>Loved it Best stay. Excellent room. Benny at the front desk was great. He was so helpful and professional. He made our stay great.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>redondored
<Content>Great time... After bidding on Priceline for a two-night weekend stay in union square area and finding out I was booked at the Prescott, i came to TA to read the reviews. i read about 25. Everyone was right about the old smell with a trace of animal...but...it is pet friendly and old. the smell bothered me on first entering the room, but after that it pretty much dissappeared. the hotel is in a GREAT location (as far as homeless---it is SF, they are everywhere). the walk to US, the mall, the theaters and great restaurants was easy. We took the train into the city so we had no car and didnt need one. Beware that the parking fees are 55.oo a night. The staff was friendly, although i know the area and didnt need to ask for directions or restaurant reccommendations. the housekeeping staff will knock and enter at the same time, so like a previous poster said use your DND sgn. my room was decorated like, but was not arranged like any of the rooms that are shown in the pictures above. my tub was big, the bath was big, i had a king bed and a large and small window opening to post street-- so we had a view. since the rooms are kind of at all angles i think that the room set up differs greatly between rooms ... as far as club level cocktail hour. it was only cheese, bread ,g rapes and an occasional postrio made in the wet bar area pizza BUT the drinks were the main benny . breakfast was high end pastries, bagels, muffins, breads, instant oatmeal, fruit, cereal, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, grapefruit and orange juice. i met alot of people during breakfast and cocktails that ALWAYS stay here every year and some more than that. so , they must be very consistant in thier good service! However, I think it is very important to know that i did not pay full price for this hotel...i think if i had paid 160 a night i would still think i got a good hotel. if i paid 300 dollars a night i wouldnt.... BTW...the Honey Honey cafe WAS great. and the Le colonial WAS great and we did Kuleto's for lunch and that WAS great, too! Hope this helps.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>D0wntoearth
<Content>Great value for the price and location, location, location The hotel is extremely well located, close to the Union square, many restaurants and attractions. The neighborhood feels safe. The service is friendly and accommodating. Each room has a recycling basket. The L'Occitane toiletery products are well appreciated. The complementary happy hour cocktails are refreshing. The room is charming and the bed is comfortable but the furniture and facility have past their prime age. Namely, the tiles in the bathtub have moles, the television is of a quality that can only fit a lower star hotel, the elevator is extremely slow, the floor in the room feels bumpy and there is no ventilation fan in the toilet and it does not have a window. The room is kept relatively clean, there is no dust on the furniture, the carpet feels soft and seems spotless, the towels and bed sheets are clean, and although the tiles are mouldy, the bathtub, the toilet and the sink feel clean. However the surface of the cotton ball container in the bathroom is sticky; the comforter does not have a cover and is wrapped between 2 bed sheets, therefore it easily gets dirty and stained; there is also a damp smell in the room when we first entered it, probably due to bad air circulation, but it eventually disappeared.All in all, we are very satisfied with the hotel considering the location, the friendly staff, the comfortable bed and the price we paid for the room (US $114 tx incl., king room, Hotwire, booked 5 days prior to arrival). Note to reader: we have been upgraded to a Club Level king from a deluxe queen, though we do not know what is the difference between these two types of room besides the size of the bed. Perhaps because the Club level rooms are located in an adjacent building, linked by a hallway with a slope, the hotel wanted to create value to compensate for the extra walk to get to those rooms by upgrading them to Club Level. This hotel could had been a high-end luxury hotel in the past but not in its current state. We will stay there again if the price is right.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>travelbug61
<Content>Good choice if you get a deep discount       Another bedroom view, room 601  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Vinovixen
<Content>Gotta love Priceline Booked a last-minute four-star hotel on Priceline less than 24 hours before check-in and got the Prescott for 100 bucks for one night. Our room was located on the mezzanine and was bigger than any apartment I lived in during college -- hall, living room with dining table, separate bedroom, closets, long master bath. Prescott staff is wonderful and the hotel is well-appointed, as would be expected. Decor is elegant/modern. The hotel is located next to Postrio and just two blocks walk down Post Street to the top of Union Square. It's an ideal location with lovely rooms. Like most remodeled hotels, my only complaint is the bathrooms -- hotels never seem willing to spring for modern updates to their bathtubs and tilework -- and this room was no exception. But I highly recommend this place -- it definitely exceeded my expectations and a bargain price made the deal that much sweeter. If driving, parking prices are steep. You pay for convenience. Valet is $45 per night, and the public garage next door to the hotel is $34 per night with no valet -- not a big difference. The garage on O'Farrell is $28 per night but a longer walk.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	2	

<Author>JJB77
<Content>Overpriced We stayed in this hotel for three nights in September. Location wise the hotel is good, as it is a block away from Union Square. However, the hotel is very small and very English/French build. The reception is small and so are the rooms. Hardly any space to move around.The hotel staff is ok and not over excited to help you to their full capacity, we got the feeling. We wanted a shirt to be dry cleaned by the the hotel and they told us to go to the dry cleaner's around the corner instead of organising it them selves. We didn't opt for breakfast, but did make use of the gym. This was ok, but not too much variety in machines. The internet facilities were good though. In the end we felt that we didn't get the standard of service for the price we paid.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>gejsha
<Content>Really liked the prescott We stayed at the Prescott hotel for the first three nights of our californian road trip and we were absolutely satisfied, the room was very nice and clean, although it smelled a bit old , but once you`ve opened the window that was gone.The restaurant was a bit overpriced and the portions were nothing special either but the amazing location of the hotel gives you plenty of other options to have breakfast or dine, we recommend the Mason Cafe just down the road from hertz (around the corner from the hotel) its about 5 min walk and with their fab organic food its a great way to get through your day :)We enjoyed our stay and will be happy to come back again or reommend this place to any of our friends :) It was our first time in the states and we felt welcome and taken care of, the staff in the hotel was very nice and helpful as well, although the charges for the internet in the hall were really high, but as we later found out it is the same in every hotel.There was a free wifi connection but we did not have our laptop with us.Overall: Will be back :)  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>MammaOnTheRoad
<Content>Great service for us. We're just about to leave this cute and friendly hotel after a 7 night stay. It was been a place we have looked forward to coming home to after a day out. The girls at the front desk as been so kind and helpful to us. When we arrived we were upgrated to the club level, a nice treat. The rooms are nice, but I guess some find them small because the beds are so big. We got a two queens room, and the beds take up a lot of the room, but it's no big problem.The maids did a great room in our room, and never came in when we had the sign on. Got plenty of toiletries as well. Everyone at the hotel is very friendly and always say hello.The Concierge was helpfull with dinner reservations, calling cabs, printing out our boarding passes and even posting our postcards.The coctail hour was a good to. A glas of Champange for mom when the little one goes to bed.The location is great, just a short walk of Union Square and all the buzz there.We would stay here again for sure, if we got the same good price, about 140 dollars a night. I wouldn't spend more than that on any hotel though.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luvZsouthPacific
<Content>Worth the $124/night that I paid I booked the Prescott hotel for $100/night ($124 after taxes and priceline booking fee) on priceline.com. This is definetely not a 4 star hotel but a 3 star boutique hotel. Since I only paid $124 night, I don't have a lot of complains. However, if I paid $200 - $250/night, I would be pretty upset as some other guests. The club level happy hour is not worth the $50 upgrade fee. The hotel advised Wolfgang Puck appetizers. I did not see any Wolfgang Puck apptizers other than a block of cheese, a bunch of grapes and a loaf of bread!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>pmc1720
<Content>Going downhill. We have stayed at the Prescott a few times in the last several years and this time several flaws really stood out to me. I could see that it is in need of some upkeep in the maintainence of the building and rooms, and to some of the advertised amenities.  We always stay on the club level which gives a complimentary breakfast , afternoon drinks and as adverised hors d'ouerves from Postrio which is the Wolfgang Puck restaurant that adjoins the hotel. In the times I have stayed, this only amounts to cheese and crackers and pizza. Not sure where the other hors d'ouerves from Postrio that they talk about on their website or in the brochure on the lobby table are, but pizza , and a very scarce amount, is all that is to be had. The problem is the lounge area being staffed with one waiter to handle upwards of thirty or more guests. He must make drinks, replenish the cheese tray ( which never gets replenished because he's so busy), clean glasses and plates and also heat and serve a tiny 8 inch pizza every fifteen minutes or so. The pizza is so slow to come out and so small, that it only serves eight people a very tiny portion. It never makes it to most of the people in the room. It's a frustrating tease as you see it come out and then it's gone in thirty seconds and you have to wait another fifteen minutes. Plus all of this is too much for one person to handle. Why a few of the people hanging out at the front desk can't come up and lend a hand is beyond me. Also regarding the pizzas they should make several and have them on trays instead of this trickling out every fifteen minutes. Breakfast is the same way. One person to keep everything filled and stocked. They ran out of bowls one day and there were none left. The waiter was unable to supply any clean ones so even though the cereal was plentiful, there was no way to enjoy it. Then they ran out of plates. Again, none left. That was that. No attempt to even get any more.These advertised conceirge level amenities should be handled much more efficiently and staffed appropriately. Guests pay for this upgrade and expect what is advertised. A bowl for cereal, a plate for a muffin and a hot appetizer or two is not too much to ask when you pay the upgraded fee for these amenities. The rooms are small and the bathrooms smaller although luxury amenities ( l'occitane toiletries, frette linens, down comforters, plush robes and towels) make up for it. This last visit I noticed worn carpeting, peeling wallpaper, damaged marred wood trim in the two rooms occupied by our party and in the hallways and common areas. The bedside light was broken and the phone seemed to work intermittently. Wireless connection for the hotel was also out and the two lobby computers where not working.The small room tv's in the big armoires are out dated too. Most modern hotels have upgraded to a larger screen plasmas. Housekeeping was not diligent either. Toilettries were not replaced and they actually entered the room while the privacy sign was on the door and we were bathing and napping at 4PM to do turndown service. The front desk told us that check in time is when they do the turn down service. They came the next day at this same time. Beware that the privacy sign will not deter them from opening they door and coming in. This is a fairly pricey hotel for the size of the rooms and bathrooms and it seems to me that they have taken for granted the loyal repeat customers by not keeping things updated and improved. I have to say that in light of this last visit I may look into another hotel for future San Francisco stays.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>dvespa
<Content>Really nice but a few downsides Prescott is a lovely hotel -- wonderfully decorated, attentive staff, well-appointed rooms. The small lobby is great with its fireplace and seating areas. Location is great and close walking distance for Union Square restaurants and shopping or a fun cable car ride to Nob Hill or Fisherman's Wharf. A friend and I easily caught a cab to the North Side for a down home Italian meal. As a solo female business traveler, I felt very safe and enjoyed my surroundings.The main problems I encountered had to do with the fact that this is an older building (that has been beautifully refurbished). First, my room had that musty smell that older properties around the world seem to have. It was pretty strong and distracting. It's unfortunate since the furnishings and finishes in my room were so pretty. I did not notice the musty smell in the lobby area or the hallways. Second, I could not get consistent wireless or cell phone service in my room, a real problem since I was in San Francisco for business. I overheard one of the front desk people tell a guest that because it is an older building, the walls are very thick, making cell phone service and wireless spotty. It actually was very frustrating for me because I was not able to do the work I needed to do. I went down to the lobby seating area to make my cell phone calls, and got fine cell phone service there (I almost never have trouble getting cell service). Third, the water pressure was very low in my shower. I tried adjusting it but no change. I took a shower under a trickle of water. When I informed the front desk as I was checking out so they could address the problem for the next guest, the gentleman behind the desk insisted I must not have adjusted the shower head properly. I told him I tried but it still did not work, and he once again insisted that the problem must have been my own. I was quite surprised that he didn't just apologize for my inconvenience and say he'd have maintenance look at it. It made me leave on a bit of a sour note.Although a very pretty hotel in many respects, I would not stay here again because of the musty smell of my room and the slightly negative note the front desk staff left me with upon my departure.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	2	-1	1	

<Author>ChicagoGirl78
<Content>Not great, but good for the value Stayed here one night in Sept. 2008 with my husband. We booked this room on Priceline for $108 a night. For the price and location, I really can't complain. Room has an old romantic feel. Rooms are small, bathrooms a little dated. My biggest beef was the stale smell throughout the hotel. But overall, slept like a log. Not bad for a night.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jennj99738
<Content>Great Location-Otherwise not So Great I planned a last minute weekend trip to San Francisco for me, myself and I after getting a great airfare through Virgin America. I then booked a room at this hotel using a special rate available through the Kimpton website. I spent more than I wanted to but thought that since the room available was on the club level, I would get some perks. According to the website, every evening, hors d'oeuvres would be available from Postrio, the restaurant located in the lobby and a well-known restaurant at that. The club level also included breakfast. The location is fantastic, 2 blocks from Union Square. The lobby is small but very nice and welcoming. The staff was friendly but not all together helpful especially with information regarding public transportation. As far as my room-- well, I must have gotten the last room available as I checked in very late. I also think I was given a regular room with club perks. instead of a real club room. The room at first glance was very nice but then you can see real age. My primary problem was the creaking floors. I have never heard this before in any hotel, not even Super 8s. I looked forward to sleeping in on Saturday, 8:30! Well, beginning at 6 am all I heard were people walking above and around me. Every inch of that ugly, dirty carpet needs to be ripped up and every floor board needs to be screwed down. It is unacceptable that this noise pervades the hotel. I also didn't realize I was given a room diagonally across from the housekeeping room. 7 a.m. or so I would hear the maids talking and moving their carts. It was as if there was no door at all between me and the hallway. Needless to say, I got very little sleep any of the 3 nights I stayed at the Prescott. The bathroom also showed its age a lot, dirty grout. The L'Occitane products were excellent, however.Next, as far as club level amenities, there was a bar open at 4:30 pm but the hors d'oeuvres were non-existent. I do not consider a block of cheese, a bunch of grapes and a loaf of bread hors d'oeuvres. The continental breakfast was just fair but did the job. FYI, you can get wine and beer on the regular level rooms in the lobby for no extra charge and you don't need any of those fake hors d'oeuvres. For $50 more per night, the club level rooms are simply not worth it. When I'm in San Francisco, I want a room in a good location and I want to be able to sleep for whatever hours I'm in my room. The rest of the time, I'm not in the hotel. The creaking floors and poor sound insulation are competely unacceptable. I would not at all call this a 4* hotel. I would consider it 3* but no matter what, I will not stay here again if the floors are not fixed and I would not pay more than $100 to $119 for this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>LuvtoVisit108
<Content>Advice from a former local--Do Not Stay Here I used to live in San Francisco. During the time that I lived here, I booked and accompanied my relatives to many other SF hotels (Nikko, Hotel Monaco, Hyatt Embarcadero, Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf, Sir Francis Drake, Hotel Diva). The Prescott is one that I would definitely NOT recommend.I came here for a weekend, after researching many many hotels. It puzzles me why this hotel has 4 circles on tripadvisor.I booked a regular Queen room and upon check-in, was given room #606. The room itself is small but the bathroom was of fair size. The toilet is the old 70s style toilet. Without going into detail, it is difficult to sit on it and kinda curves in at an agle. It's a very strange toilet. The only redeeming items in the bathroom are the wondeful L'Occitane bath products---but don't let that lure you to this hotel.The bed is not a Queen and is only a larger Full size bed. The windows are from the original styling and era of the building. The room itself smelled of moldy wood or damp furniture. The room itself faced another building (which is fine), but the other building had a power generator/air conditioning unit which sounded like a loud motor the entire time during my stay. At night, the noise level ironically blocked out street noise. However, the noise itself made it hard to fall asleep and was not the serene, relaxing experience I had hoped for. It appeared ALL of the rooms on my side of the building can hear this noise. The entire building only has 7 floors, so I don't know if going higher or lower would help alleviate this noise problem.Also, the position of the room allowed me to smell food cooking in the building through the vents. It was weird.The service was generally hit or miss. The front desk clerk at check in was very unpleasant, but the front desk clerk at check-out was very nice. The room service cleaning ladies were wonderful and seemed to work hard at their jobs. The bell hop was at times missing.The hotel lobby has free computers with which you can use to print out your boarding passes. This was the only upside of our entire stay. In the morning, there is free coffee. In the evening, there is wine and cheese.Although the location is superb, there are many many many hotels in the Union Square area of the same price which offers a much better (and seeming much more consistent) experience. The hotel itself and hotel room was not much better than the crappy apartment I lived in when I was a student in San Francisco many years back. That being said, I would not pay $180/night to stay my crappy apartment ever again.Having stayed in other hotels in SF/Union Square area, I would recommend the Hotel Nikko and the Hotel Monaco (also a Kimpton Boutique just down on Geary).I rarely write reviews but felt that all the tripadvisor reviews thus far did not really illuminate the problems in this building. I'm not sure which rooms those people were provided---maybe they saved the lesser hotel rooms for people from California =) In any event, the 4 circles on tripadvisor is misleading, which was a huge disappointment for me.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>Mikruli
<Content>Charming Older Hotel- Great Location       Club Level Sitting Area  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pdx2006
<Content>Location, Location, Location Because the Kimpton chain started in San Francisco, there are quite a few choices. The Prescott is on the lower end of the price range, so you'll find more tourists here than business people.The Good:鈥?The location is great. Two blocks from Union Square and ample public transportation. Lots of great restaurants and shopping in the neighborhood.鈥?The rooms are a decent size, and the bathrooms and closets are a decent size for a large city.鈥?The beds are extremely comfortable (as expected at a Kimpton property). 鈥?The Club Level is a great amenity at this property. Club Level guests have access to a free, 2-hour wine reception which includes a full-bar and pizza from Postrio, the Wolfgang Puck restaurant located in the hotel.The Bad:鈥?The Club Level is located in a different building, which means you need to take two elevators to get to your room. Inconvenient. 鈥?The elevators need a serious update. They are slow, and staff is quick to push you out if they are accompanying other guests to their rooms. 鈥?The staff is rather uninterested and unfriendly, which is quite unusual for a Kimpton hotel. I was really taken aback by the lack of hospitality here. Overall, the wine hour on the Club Level was delightful, the room was comfortable, and the staff needs more training on how to be hospitable. I'd stay again...but only for pleasure, and only if the price was right. I'd stay at the Monaco on the company's dime.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>joeblogger
<Content>Great Location       6th floor room at Prescott Hotel  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>UNESCO_Diplomat
<Content>Excellent facility and superb service. Go there. Be happy. This hotel made our stay in San Francisco worth while.  We had been staying at the Serrano, also Kimpton, around the corner ,and were aghast at the Serrano's poor level of service, which ranged from perfunctory to near trip sabotage. I wandered into the Prescott after I saw it on Priceline, and asked with some trepidation to look at a room; we were treated with genuine friendly professionalism from the moment I stepped in. I booked the room: the service, if anything was even better after we checked in. Lane (pronounced LANIE) at the front desk recommended a totally cool restaurant in the Mission based on my preferences. The bellman took a blank map of Sonoma and Napa and penciled in a dozen boutique wineries that we would never have found on our own. We only went to four, but all were interestingly idiosyncratic, with fine wines and we bought a case or more gladly- no tour bus destinations in the bunch. Despite the ridiculously low price we paid - I would gladly pay double that to stay again- we received a free upgrade to the club level. All our heavy bags were well taken care of and placed carefully for opening by the bellman for my wife while I was parking the car- thanks Jerry. Oh yes, and they validated our cut-rate hotel parking [something the Serrano flat out refused to do (I asked three times and each time they tried to get me to use their $50 dollar a day service instead-this was the deal-breaker on the Serrano). Room was a bit small, but well laid out; had a large modern bathroom, and the location is central enough for most anyone. It's worth repeating that the service (including that at the happy hour open bar and snacks (a bar bill alone at the Clift around the corner for a similar treat would have exceeded what we spent on the entire room at Prescott -tip the bartender generously!)) was perfect in the easygoing and unfussy manner of well-trained professionals just doing their job well. Stay there, even if you don't get a great deal on a discount site.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Solsikke
<Content>Nice hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>enzopdoodle
<Content>Two nights at the Prescott We stayed here because of the location, the reputation of Kimpton Hotels, and an unbelievable rate on TravelZoo ($119 for a queen room). The room was moderately small (in other words, big by NYC standards), but it was fine, and the bed was comfortable.When we checked in, the thermostat was set at 62, and the a/c was blasting. It was so cold we had to turn the heat on to make it bearable. I noted that in the hotel's guest questionnaire. Kimpton Hotels say they are energy conscious, but I guess a staff member didn't get that memo.We had steel-cut oats for breakfast in the hotel restaurant, which has a diverse if somewhat pricey menu. Overall, a good stay.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travellingBuddy40
<Content>An excellent choice, no question! This is it! I researched nearly ALL the hotels in San Francisco and I found this one... Great! We booked our room directly through their website and got an excellent deal! When we arrived there, they upgraded our room to a club level, which means we had free breakfast in the morning (a great one I might add) AND free alcoholappetizers just before dinner. Rooms are small yes, but charming and very clean. The bed is very comfortable, and the hotel is extremely well-located. After a day visiting San Francisco, it was nice to relax in this charming little room.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelfreedom
<Content>Great location, right price As others have mentioned, the location and immenities can't be beat for the price. While the rooms are not on the high end of 4 star quality, the bed was fantastic and small bathroom just fine. Just stayed here with my boyfriend and my two dogs (Kimpton hotels are dog friendly). I couldn't believe the fantastic service, from providing our dogs with individual fluffy dog beds to the doorman devising a wine tasting route in Anderson Valley for us. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We opted not to park at the hotel due to the high rates, so parked next door (entrance on Post) for a lower cost ($32 for 24 hrs or if arrive after 6pm, 14 hours for $16 with hotel bill). It did not offer in and out privileges, though. We also were able to secure a great rate on the room on a well known travel website (TZ), which ended up being half the price. Make sure and register as a Kimpton member on their website, www.kimptonhotels.com, before you make a reservation. Many times, as was our case (and even on a holiday weekend!), upon check in, we were upgraded for free to Club level. This entitled us to enjoy a complimentary daily breakfast and cocktail hour.FYI - If bringing dogs, let them know ahead of time that you want dog beds, as one of the nights, they were all out.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>susieq35
<Content>Just Okay This hotel is in a good location in downtown S.F. the staff was very friendly and the hotel has a certain old fashion charm. However the rooms are very small and out dated. The bathroom was extremely small and the tub was dirty. $45.00 per day parking, and the valet made us loose our dinner reservation, we waited over 30 minutes for our car and we even called ahead, this was not cool at all. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>michbren
<Content>WONDERFUL HOTEL IN A GREAT LOCATION!!! My husband and I spent six nights at the Prescott Hotel and had a great time. The hotel reminded us of a European hotel, especially the small bathroom. It was exactly what we expected. If we were looking for a hip, glitzy, modern hotel we would not have stayed here.The rooms were impeccable and kept that way daily by housekeeping. All of the staff we dealt with were exceptional and very interested in our having a wonderful stay. The nightly happy hour is a nice amenity. The hotel is very quiet and gives one a very secure feeling. The location is great - a block to the cable car (if you can ever get on one), near public transporation, a couple of blocks from Union Square and numerous fantastic restaurants.All in all this is a great hotel if you are looking for an older, quiet hotel with an ambiance and in a central location. We look forward to returning.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kly311
<Content>Great hotel and location! Great hotel. It was very quiet and a very convient location. Just a few blocks from the cable cars and if you need to rent a car for a day trip, Hertz is just around the corner. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DrewbMelbourne
<Content>can do better I had just come from Toronto where I stayed in an excellent 3-star hotel, and was expecting this 4-star hotel to be even better.There is a great fancy lobby, and very friendly staff, but the room was terribly disappointing. The bathroom was nice and was clean. But the furntiture and the television were seriously outdated.Also, everything had a price-tag on it, which I find really unpleasant. There were no tea/coffee facilities in the room, and the room service was expensive and of poor quality. I was starving when i arrived so ordered a pizza, which arrived cold. I requested a breakfast the first morning and they got my order wrong.The hotel location is good however - being right next to union square. And the staff were helpful in getting me a flat-rate taxi to the airport.I would not stay here again, and wouldnt advise my friends to either.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	5	2	4	

<Author>mike_y_katty
<Content>Good stay at the Prescott for two days in June       basic room  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>lbindc73
<Content>Not quite what I expected from Kimpson This hotel is old, and not so much in a charming way. The hall going to my room was stuffy, and smelled. The carpet in my room desprately needed to be tightened- there were ridges so big you could trip on them. The floor was squeaky, and when I had to turn on the heat the ailing motor kept me up all night with a loud screech. I could hear my neighbors' TV thru the walls at night, and could hear the clanking of their room service tray in the AM, like my door was open.The location of this hotel is great, and I did get a great fare on travelocity, but it is definitely not on par with Kimpson properties in DC, where I am from. I was expecting a funky boutique hotel, but it didnt feel like that at all (except for the great floral bouquets in the lobby). The food at the restaurant was over priced for what is offered. Lastly, I was mostly bothered by the deposit they made me give in case I used the incidentals. The thing is, they never gave me the key to the honor bar or the frig.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Native_to_Texas
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff My sister booked me a last minute, one night stay with a great rate from travelzoo at The Prescott for a Friday night. When we arrived, we quickly found out the reservation was made by my sister for the wrong night, and without the special rate.The wonderful staff was very helpful in correcting both of these issues, leading to a very happy customer. The hotel offers a free welcoming beer or wine upon arrival, and certain higher floors offer breakfast and other amenities.Location is an easy 2 block walk from Union Square, which offers some very nice shopping and other activities. Also conveniently located near the cable car lines and only 3-4 blocks from a BART station.This hotel has a nice look inside, and offers many in-room spa and massage treatments. This, along with some other features, was not something we did on a one night stay.Negatives: Poor cell signal in room and view in some rooms, to be expected in an urban hotel. As well, some of the in room features are showing a little age. And the bathroom was a little small for a big guy and his pregnant wife!Overall, a good stay, but I can't say I'd do it again for the much steeper regular price.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boomerz
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location Nice boutique hotel in a great location. Our room was comfortable and surprisingly quiet, overlooking Post Street. A very short walk to Union Square shops, nearby art galleries, theaters, a cable car stop, and BART station. Complementary wine and beer hour in the lounge. This is the nicest hotel in the best location I've ever been able to afford in San Francisco. Hotel parking was pricey ($45). We found overnight parking for $20 nearby. We got a great price on our hotel room by bidding on Priceline.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Keats575
<Content>Location and charm in San Francisco The Prescott is a charming upscale boutique hotel with a fabulous location and friendly staff.I just got back from vacation in San Francisco, and the hotel contributed to an overall wonderful trip. The hotel is attractive with clean rooms that are a pleasure to come home to at the end of an eventful day. The beds are comfortable and the linens are of good quality - I especially loved the thick towels.The club level includes a lovely breakfast and cocktails and snacks in late afternoon/early evening. These perks are certainly worth an upgrade, and the staff who hosts the breakfast and cocktail hour are friendly and helpful beyond what we expected.The hotel could not be better located. It's close to Union Square, shopping, cable cars, etc. . . .In addition, every staff member we encountered was extremely helpful and friendly. They consistently made us and other guests feel welcome and comfortable.I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>indigor
<Content>Excellent friendly central hotel We loved the hotel, it was so friendly we were upgraded to Club which with excellent breakfasts and cocktails and really good snacks was brilliant value. The staff were exceptionally friendly. Right near Union Square and by the Trolley stops (but not too noisy). Get up early if you want to use the trolley bus hang on and take a camera.ps dont bother with Jacks restaurant of Maltese Falcon fame pretty location but crowded tables, very average food and surly staff. and the live music was muzac by a realy bored guitarist no one was listening no one cared tourist trap ++  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>viajera79
<Content>Great Stay at the Prescott I stayed at the Hotel Prescott for business for almost a week. The hotel is small and cozy, and centrally located near Union Square -about a block away from a lot of shopping and activity. The hotel staff was friendly, attentive and gave us some great restaurant recommendations during our stay. The hotel restaurant is also very good, and seems to be popular in general. Overall this was a good experience and I would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>northendmoon
<Content>Enjoyed my stay at The Prescott The Price:I went on priceline to look for a hotel deal in San Francisco. I paid only $500 for 5 nights (normally goes for $200-300 per night). It was worth every penny. The Room:The Prescott has a very upscale feel. The rooms are clean, quiet, and beautiful. The bed linens are soft and mattress is very comfortable. The room itself is small, but they make good use of the space. My only complaint about the room is that the water pressure in the shower isn't great.The Staff: The hotel staff was very helpful. They had great tips... where to dine, what to see, how to get around, etc. Also, there is a private club on the 4th floor of the hotel that offers a complimentary breakfast and happy hour (full bar  appetizers). We didn't pay for the club membership, but the front desk slipped us a key pass anyhow. Location:If you want to be in Union Sq, this hotel is perfect. There is lots of shopping, restaurants, and other things to do. The Prescott is one block from the heart of Union Square. There are some homeless in the area, and a suspicious massage parlor around the corner, but overall, the neighborhood feels safe. It's close the to BART and the Powell St Trolley. It's a $7 cab ride to Fisherman's Wharf, The Ferry Building, and ATT Park. $35 cab ride (plus tip) to the airport.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>pmc2
<Content>Wonderful Gem We really lucked out to find the Prescott. It was just on a whim we decided to stay downtown after attending my best friends wedding. The hotel is just steps from Union Square and we loved drinks and a light meal at Postrio. Yes, the hotel building is old but it is clean, well maintained and very, very charming. The staff is attentive and friendly, unlike the staff you might find across the street at one of those big, brand name hotels. I was greeted by name and so was my dog each time walked by the front desk! Oh yes, the price was right too... only $199 and we got an upgrade to a Suite... sweet!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michelle087
<Content>Absolutely wonderful What a wonderful visit for my mother, 5 year old son and I. Everyone there went out of their way to help us and make it a great visit!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>blittydeuce
<Content>Small rooms, Rude staff! At first, I was excited to stay in the Prescott for my vacation after seeing the reviews and getting a decent price of $105, through priceline. I even bragged to my friends how impressed they would be for what we payed.....boy was I wrong! Within the first few minutes this seems like a nice hotel...until you get to your small cramped room with the outdated small TV! Definitely should not be a four star. Most of the staff was decent...EXCEPT the late night front desk women with the glasses. She was extremely rude! One example of this was when we asked her advise for a nice nightlife area, she sent us to a crime-ridden street where we were nearly mugged! Even after this she was very UNHELPFUL!...  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>SallyAnn48
<Content>Tired Rooms, Rude Staff We had stayed at the Prescott a few times before but not in recent years, since it became a Kimpton property. It's become run-down and a little shabby and not nearly as nice as it once was. The rooms need a make-over.We were given an awful room when we checked in, dark, musty, cramped and when we asked nicely if there were other rooms available, the staff had a really bad attitude. Evenually we were shown a bigger room, though it was very noisy and the furnishings were shabby.We ate a very expensive breakfast at the hotel with lousy service, no spoons or sugar for the coffee, unfriendly waitress.it was very disappointing to find a hotel that you once loved, to have become tired and unkempt. For the money, you can do much better elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>revkid
<Content>Christmas at the Prescott The Prescott was wonderful. Reading all the reviews and viewing the website created an expectation. The hotel met those expectations. We didn't book the Prescott and expect the Ritz. The rooms were clean and well maintained. The staff was courteous and helpful. Everything promised, was delivered.We were there over Christmas w/ 2 little children. They allowed us to utilize the lobby fireplace for Santa's arrival. In fact, some of the staff contributed to make the Christmas quite memorable. You simply can't beat the location. Right in the middle of everything. We were there a week. We utilized the trolley or taxis most days. On our two excursion days, we rented a car from the Hertz right around the corner.Would definitely recommend this property.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>2burkes
<Content>Beautiful, quiet hotel! We stayed here for our honeymoon and had a great, relaxing stay. The rooms are nicely decorated, had a very comfortable bed. The hotel is obviously older, the floors squeak when you walk. Everything was very clean. The continental breakfast that was included was very nice, and the evening wine and snacks were delicious. The hotel is close to Union Square, and it was very easy to get around the city from here.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>belltownonthemove
<Content>Great Staff Quiet Room Good Nights Rest We arrived 4 hours before check-in time but the front desk put us in a room right away. Sadly My Wife and I did not care for the location so we asked nicely if we change rooms and were placed in a room in much better location in the hotel. From then on our next 3 nights at the Prescott where great. The Staff treated us with respect and helped us make our trip fun. I would be happy to stay at the Prescott again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>issyK
<Content>Needs a makeover! This hotel is rated as 4-Star by Hotwire.com. I got three nights for $110/night.Gripes:- It doesn't feel like a 4-Star hotel, by any measure of luxury. Rooms are furnished with a lot of old, worn, once-nice furniture. However, carpets and walls and draperies feel worn, old, and therefore dirty - you cringe and try to avoid. Similar for the half-remodelled bathroom.- 19 TV?! - NOT a business hotel! There is a small table which is located next to the window (facing another window) - a far far way from the speakerphone placed on the bedside table....which leads me to...- No available cell service in my room. I had to go downstairs to take a few conference calls. For others, I had to rig up a workstation on the bed with the power cord to my laptop in one direction and the phone cord in another direction to the wall on the other side.- heating/AC is a bit dated and slightly wheezyPluses:- free internet (come on - everyone's gotta have this now)- coffee and tea downstairs in the morningsIf you need to be right in Union Square, sure, this is probably a decent choice. It is clear of the sketchy side of Tenderloin. However, personally,I usually try to get a good rate in the Embarcadero where the hotels tend to be newer and with larger rooms.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Aujourdhui
<Content>Pretty but lacking in typical services The hotel is pretty. They have great uniforms (including white gloves) on the door men and the lobby is nice and clean. They have special Prescott Hotel wrappers on the chocolates they put on the pillows at night and Prescott Hotel labeling on the extra toilet paper rolls. The small room was mostly clean, but the dirty spot that was on the table when we arrived was still there when we left 4 days later. Our room looked out on the windows of other rooms in the hotel, so we could open it to get fresh air (which the room desperately needed), but there was no view. Urban hotel, okay. The bathroom was quite large, but oddly enough there was no counter space, so we moved furniture from the crowded bedroom into the bathroom to put our suitcase and toiletries on.There are nice robes in the room - if you are under 5 ft 2 and under 135 pounds. Both robes in our room were tiny and fraying at the neck. But they had a great Prescott Hotel logo on them.In the mornings, they had nice coffee and tea selections in the lobby, and offered several newspapers free to guests, including the Sunday NY Times (on Sunday).The bellmen were consistently helpful, opening doors (not really necessary but nice) and agreeing to take photos.The problem was the front desk. They were consistently unhelpful. The concierge was basically worthless. She was unable to help us 2 of the 3 times we asked, and on the occasion when she tried to help, she gave us the wrong address for the restaurant we were going to. When we left, they offered us the house car to the airport. At first we thought this was a nice offer, and appropriate after we had paid over $1,400 for a 4 night stay. When we got to the airport, we offered the driver a generous tip, only to learn that there was a fare involved. He asked for $55 at that time. A phone call afterwards to their management office informed us that the normal charge is $45. It took 5 phone calls to get the $10 refunded and to get a receipt for the house car. A cab would have cost $35.The front desk also cannot give postage, so bring your own stamps.We won't stay there again, and will avoid the chain (Kimpton) since they seem to value style over service.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>pd1248
<Content>Love this place Stayed here once at the end of last summer with someone I loved and had to return. When a business trip afforded the opportunity, I took it. This trip I went alone but still found the ambience- in the midst of the city- to be relaxing and pleasurable. Small rooms but clean and nicely done. Everyone was very pleasant. Discovered Biscuits and Blues right around the corner with live blues performances and great food. San Francisco is still my favorite city, this hotel one of my favorites. Perfect for a romantic getaway or if you need to be centrally located. The evening wine is not the best but free and drinkable- so why complain. Mornings they bring in Starbuck's coffee!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>troutrad
<Content>One of the Finest Hotel Experiences I've ever had !!!! I was attending a medical conference and decided to stay off the beaten path (ie. decided against one of the larger chain hotels suggested in the conference literature). It was an extremely fortunate decision. There was absolutely nothing I did not like. The room was impeccable. The Club floor was a comfortable place to wind down with the paper at the end of the day. The staff was exceptional. While not austere, they were not overly gregarious either. Just appropriately helpful and respectful. The restaraunt was superb.I suppose this hotel may not appeal to a family with young children but for the single traveler or couple,....Perfect.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>barneybear66
<Content>Kept Us Happy We stayed here for a couple nights at the beginning of January 08 guided by the positive reviews (we had no car!) and our experience of the Kimpton chain. We were not disappointed. Thanks no doubt in part to the time of year ( the hotel was very quiet), the staff had plenty of time to be friendly and helpful (it did take a couple of calls to reception to get some ice but they were sorry for the delay).Our room faced the street (6th floor so noise not too bad; we always carry ear plugs!). It was absoulutely fine for the two of us and appealing in an old fashioned way. Certainly not too small. Bathroom was smart and up to date with robes and lots of nice touches (free stuff!).Location is king with Union Sq and Market St all within a few minutes walk. We used the Bart from the airport and although up hill (!), easily wheeled our bags from the station to the hotel late in the evening (the streets always seem to be busy).A plus for us was the gym which once you have puzzled your way through the maze of corridors, lifts and wrong turns is useful with a nice view over the roof tops. We would criticise the lack of tea / coffee facilities in the room. There are some facilities laid out in the morning in a room next to reception (why not all day?) but nothing else and it seems that given the nice setting, with a bit more imagination this facility could have made this a really nice experience for guests. Also, why does the 'pay as you go' internet have to be so expensive to use? (our receptionist took pity on us and checked us in for the flight home using her PC as she was so understretched). One odd thing is that the hotel delivers a copy of the New York Times to the room every morning (not free). Given that visitors are more likely to find the SF paper useful this is an odd choice. Top tip - cancel the NYT at check in unless you really want it.Overall, despite the feeling that this is a hotel with lots of ways it could annoy you with little things, we would return (and try to get the same room - 617).  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	2	3	

<Author>Tanyeshka
<Content>Great service, good deal - but consider leaving the car at home Price: We were extremely happy with our special winter internet rate. The one money meh was the fifty bucks/day to park, which won't affect you if you're travelling sans wheels. Sure, it's valet. Yes, you do get in-and-out priviledges, and the valets are fast retrieving your vehicle for you. And yes, I realize parking costs a mint downtown and is often a schlep from places you may need to go (we were actually glad for it, as my friend is disabled). But $50 bucks? Particularly if you're a regular guest paying full rack rate? I guess it depends on your particular situation, and what you're looking for in a hotel. Many of the better hotels in the city do charge this kind of dough for parking, and the alternatives are either pricey or risky (street parking?!), so I suppose you could make a case for 'it evens out.' Staff/service: Great. Everyone was very eager to help...The concierge even walked my friend around the corner to Walgreen's to get a sharps container for her needles. There were warm cookies awaiting us on arrival, which was a nice touch. Location: The hotel is very close to Union Square and San Francisco Centre, among other points of interest. It's definitely NOT in scarysville.Facilities/Amenities: The hotel is comfortable and cozy. The back rooms basically have an airshaft view, but that's par for the course in a small, urban hotel. The standard rooms are not huge, but they're not astonishingly tiny, either. Mirrors and good furniture layout make for plenty of room. While the Prescott may lack some massive hotel complex features like a pool, they do a good job of making up for it with service touches like free refreshments. In all, we got a nice 4-star experience for 3-star price (qualified, perhaps, by the parking situation). Had we been without a car, we would've stayed another night. Luckily, my house is close enough we didn't have to stick out the extra parking cash. ;)  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>CB90292
<Content>Small room, great sheets Having gotten an amazing deal of $129/night, through a one day sale the hotel was having, decided to try the Prescott. Had eaten at Postrio, which is in the hotel, so knew that it was an older property. The room was small, the t.v. was ancient, and the walls thin. The bathroom, though also tiny, was well appointed with a cozy robe and good bath products. The highlight of the room was the sheets, which were heavenly. They are Frette, and are for sale by the hotel.Was upgraded to the concierge floor as I am a Kimpton program member. A lovely continental breakfast was offered, though there was insufficient seating to accomodate everyone who was there.If I had paid $250 or $350/night, would not recommend, but if you can get a deal comparable to mine, would say it is a great hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lita_N_Kelli
<Content>The Prescott Hotel is lovely! I stayed at The Prescott Hotel on 12/7 for one night in their lovely king suite. I was lucky enough to get a room on their Club Level.Wow, did it come with perks! The majority of The Prescott Hotel's sister properties have a daily complimentary wine hour. When you're on the Club Level, you have a 2-hour Cocktail Reception from 4:30pm-6:30pm. It was awesome! I was on my way to The Cult concert at the Warfield, so this cocktail reception was a perfect start to a fun night. When I got to my room, I had lovely amenities and a welcome note from the hotel General Manager Tom. I met Tom when I was checking in. He is a really cool guy. What Hotel General Manager would know who The Cult is?? Most Hotel GMs are old stuffy guys... but not Tom. The room was very cozy and I loved how the sitting area was arranged. It was like staying in your own home. Very comfortable. The next morning, after I was able to stumble out of bed, I dropped by the lounge for a lovely breakfast. It was a prettier version of a continental breakfast. I loved the fresh fruit juices, the granolas  cereal and the pastries were great. There was also a nice selection of fresh fruit. I was happy with my stay at the lovely Prescott Hotel.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rsp1980
<Content>Wonderful service and location. We stayed at the Prescott for five nights and loved the intimate feel of it. Even though it is a Kimpton hotel, and thus part of a chain (something we attempt to avoid), it was a unique experience. The hotel is very attractive. We experienced no problems whatsoever during our stay. The location was incredibly convenient and allowed us to explore the city with ease. Postrio, the restaurant located in the hotel was superb. It was one of the best meals I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying.I know it鈥檚 silly, but one of the details that I appreciated was the fact that the shampoo and soaps were very nice. They also had a workout facility, something I really appreciate as well.  In addition, the concierge was very helpful. She helped us rent a car to drive to Napa Valley and recommended some good wineries. She also got us a last minute reservation at the restaurant which was booked that evening.It was not inexpensive, but we felt it was worth the money  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Joizee_HD
<Content>I'm a return visitor and am not disappointed. I am at this hotel at the moment and had been here about two years ago. I had the last time booked a basic room and was quite impressed with the hotel, specifically liking the location, free wireless, wine hour, and quality of service. This time, I took the offered upgrade to Club Level and this has made my stay even better. Unfortunately I am only spending two nights on a business trip, but I will definately return. The Club Level room is nice and spacious, with quality appointments. The access to the Club Level lounge also adds to the comfort of your stay. Service is just as good as I remember it and I am greatly enjoyin my stay.There are a few drawbacks though to keep in mind, although I am sure this will be the case at most hotels. I am on the fourth flloor facing the front street. Unfortunately I hear a lot of the street noise in my room. The windows aren't well sound-proofed and if you're a light sleeper, this can be a problem. Make sure to ask for a room not facing the street. Further, I knew to not valet park my car at the hotel as the price is outrageous. The best deal for overnight parking is the garage below Union Square. I prepared for this and checked prices at all nearby garages and the lowest overnight price is to be had there. You have to walk two blocks to the hotel but I just dropped off my luggage, checked in, and then brought the car to the garage. Nice and easy and you save 15 bucks or so a night. Well worth it. Finally, one little pet peeve of mine is the crappy gym. Although I hadn't planned on working out indoors and usually prefer to run up and down the hills nearby Union Square, I decided to work out on the 8th floor. There isn't much available in there and some of the attachments to the weight machine were broken. Everyone works out nowadays. I wish hotels would pay a bit more attention to this. Otherwise, I can highly recommend this hotel especially if you want to be in the Union Square area.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kate055
<Content>great location We stayed at the prescott for 6 days, we traveled from Ireland, and wanted some were central. This hotel has great location rooms small clean and comfortable. Mini bar expensive so give it a miss, nice bar with the lovely Brian mixing a mean margarita, we found him very informative.all staff very friendly and helpful we were happy with our choice and would saty here again.We even had th epleasure of an earthquake lol,  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoveToTravelGal
<Content>Happy with The Prescott We just stayed at The Prescott in October. The first hotel during our 2 week vacation starting in San Francisco and ending in San Diego. We have stayed at Kimpton Hotels before and have always been happy with our experience, so that is why we chose Kimpton again.We found the front desk to be friendly and happy to help us with our bags and also during our 3 night stay always helping us with whatever we needed. This is the one thing I have always found to be true in all of the Kimpton Hotels. Their staff has always been attentive to our needs.The room was pleasantly decorated, clean  comfortable.My only problem was with the size of the room. When one of us was using the computer at the desk, the other had to climb over the bed to pass by. Very narrow room,We had a problem also obtaining internet service and when I called for help, help arrived within minutes and had us up  running.We were very happy with the location of the hotel, central to a lot of options. The cable car turntable is only blocks away and we rode that down to Fisherman's Wharf and Alcatraz.Also want to mention a great little place for breakfast just blocks away, The Taylor St Coffee Shop (375 Taylor St)Wonderful breakfast, freshest  large portion of fruit I have ever had. Overall we were happy with our stay here.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelinbunny
<Content>Nice hotel but better without the attitude My husband checked into this hotel alone while I was at a business meeting. He was greeted with attitude from the front desk and bellman, neither of which wanted to help him. He was draped with four bags and wasn't offered any assistance with them at all. Besides that initial experience, the location and accommodations were great! We stayed on the Club level (not by request) and though it was like a maze trying to get to it (take the elevator to 4, walk down a ramp and around a corner, take another elevator to 5) the extra perks were nice (free drinks and appetizers at happy hour). We walked to Union Square and BART daily. And, the attitude disappeared once we had checked in. Concierge, restaurant staff and bellman proved to be very helpful in the end.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>aLITTLESpoiled
<Content>TINY hallways, rooms, elevators... get a better deal at the Westin St Francis! Front desk service was impeccable... but for $400/night for Club Level, we were astonished by the Lilliputian size of the elevator and narrow hallways leading to our tiny, tiny room! For the same price, we had a HUGE room at the Westin St Francis with a view of Union Square Park. Even at $200/nt we would have thought the Prescott was cramped, and we travel to Europe often, (our expectations are not out of line.)  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>elainesl
<Content>Prescott: Practically Perfect! The Prescott Hotel was perfect for us. Two blocks from Union Square, on Post between Taylor and Mason.We stayed on Club Level, room 434 (two double beds), for $299 per night.Club Level amenities included a very nice continental breakfast available every morning from 6am to 10am (cold cereals (choice of 4), hot beverages, delicious juices, fruit, pastries, breads and bagels, toasters for self service, etc. You could have that in the nice lounge, or bring it back to your room. In the afternoon there was an open bar with a bartender, cheese and crackers, and fine quality pizza from the Postrio restaurant next door (a Wolfgang Puck enterprise.)Our room wasn't shabby,but there were a few minor signs of wear and tear, and a bellman mentioned that the hotel's rooms are being renovated bit by bit, though all were renovated in 2004, and so looked spiffier to me than the last time I'd stayed there, years before. Our room wasn't large, but it was comfortable, with plenty of space to walk around and to keep two large suitcases open. The bathroom again wasn't large, but it was functional, attractive, and immaculate. L'Occitane toiletries, great towels and bed linens. Almost all services were prompt, efficient, and helpful. One of the concierges forgot to get back to me on a dinner reservation, but I followed up on my own and no harm done. I highly recommend this hotel, and would stay there again. Given S.F. hotel prices, I think this one is a bargain.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>andrawatkins
<Content>Super convenient The Prescott Hotel is another Kimpton gem. When we arrived, they checked us in early and efficiently, upgrading us to a suite on the club level for the same price. We got to enjoy cocktails, munchies and free breakfast in the common area there. The hotel was clean and well laid out. The room had a spacious bathroom and an excellent bed with L'Occitaine products. The hotel is a convenient walk from the BART and close to shopping. Kimpton Hotels are always a good choice for travel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>baileyno6
<Content>Expensive - but a sure thing WE have stayed here a few times before and chose to pay the high rates to get a sure thing. There was something going on in town that made it challenging to find reasonable accommodations. In the end, we chose to pay about double the going rate to ensure a good night. We weren't disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pams3150
<Content>Good, Not Great The Prescott is a very nice hotel. In many ways it is right on point, yet in other ways if falls short.Things they do well...--excellent lobby staff. Very friendly, helpful and outgoing especially Jill and Emily. The doormen are excellent in providing services including directions and an excellent price on a town car return to the airport. Check this out. It's almost the same price as a taxi and much more enjoyable.--wonderful maid service. She kept our room perfect. I would have liked a bit more attention to the bathroom but I think the staff is instructed not to touch visitor's personal items. --Very quiet--even though the hotel was full, there was no sound of slamming doors or people running in the halls. It seems a very well behaved crowd is attracted to this property.--Nice bed linens and robes in the room--perfect location. You can walk anywhereThings they need to work on...--Building mechanicals. The building is old and the air conditioning has a difficult time keeping up. It was 85* when we arrived and it took over 12 hours for the room temperature to go down 6*.---Matresses. With all the emphasis on heavenly beds, grande beds and super beds in the chain hotels, it would be important for Klimptons to keep up. Our mattress was horrible. Very thin and uncomfortable. Considering we were in a suite, it was very disappointing to have such a horrible mattress. This area really needs improvement if they plan to remain competitive.--Whirlpool tub needs to be upgraded. The jets were brown and looked moldy. The shower curtain was dirty on the bottom inside the tub.--The wine hour is nice but couldn't they spring for a couple of bowls of nuts or chips? Kind of cheap!!!!!!!!!!!! This hotel is good, not great. It has a tremendous amount of potential and a willing staff. Emphasis should be put on upgrading. Boutique hotel visitors really notice the little things.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>allplanetsearch
<Content>Great boutique hotel; good value and nice experience The Prescott is located right in the middle of the Union Square buzz in SF. It is a very nicely appointed and well kept boutique hotel. There were cookies at the front desk when we checked in. We had a one bedroom suite with a small kid and there was plenty of space for a crib in the room with a separate small living area. The only snag was that we had requested a crib trough the reservations system and they didn't have one for us in the room - thankfully, we had taken ours. Valet parking is an absurb $45 a day, but that's SF for you. The room was quiet and well furnished, with just a few chips in the paint here and there. Overall, we thought that the hotel provided good value for the money and a nice, sophisticated getaway in the City by the Bay.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TravelDIVA3
<Content>Elegant Boutique in San Francisco! The wonderful reason to experience a boutique hotel vs. chain hotels staff and the hotel goes over and beyond.Great entrance with doorman very polite, rooms are charming, it's very nice, great restaurant POSTRIO.Stayed for a week, location is just a block away from Union Square and world finest shopping.Has unique and elegant style, adds to the San Francisco travel experience.Highly recommend it!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DaisyDPetals
<Content>Great Weekend Away       Robes  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DavidW57
<Content>Great Base for City Visit Stayed at The Prescott for two nights. The location near Union Square is extremely convenient for shopping around the Square and in the excellent Westfield Centre, the cable cars along Powell towards Fisherman's Wharf and Muni along Market towards Embarcadero.The staff were friendly and efficient providing information, printing out boarding passes, storing luggage and providing a town car to the airport. The room was not large but the furnishings, bedding and bathroom were all of a high standard.We would readily stay at The Prescott again  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jazzluvr
<Content>Charming little European style hotel This little boutique hotel was perfect. The room was small but tastefully decorated, very clean and definitely had the feel of an upscale European hotel. The concierge staff was incredibly friendly, warm and helpful, and the wine hour each night in the lounge was a really nice perk. The entire staff was friendly and welcoming during our whole 4 night stay. The location (less than 2 blocks from Union Square) was ideal and convenient to everything. I've stayed in numerous hotels of this type in San Francisco over the years, and this is the one I'd definitely return to,  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>honeymoonseeker
<Content>Quiet Inside Room, Good Service We stayed here for several nights for a wedding in July 07. All in all our group took up 50-60 rooms. First, a warning -- do not exceed the recommended number of people in the elevator. 10 of the guests were trapped for about 30 minutes when they exceeded the weight limit (by a lot) after the rehearsal dinner. The front desk was not super responsive and finally someone called the SF fire department directly from their cell phone. This elevator (1 of 2) was out of order for about 3 more days, which was a minor inconvenience. Our room was irregular shaped and well appointed. Wireless internet worked well. We did not have a view because this was an inside room, but on the flip side the street noise was very minimal. Housekeeping was very efficient. The hotel restaurant, Postrio, is very good. Breakfast belgian waffles and homemade jam to die for. The cafe/bar has a nice small menu for lunch featuring salads, a sandwich or two, and a shrimp dish. Postrio catered an afterparty for the wedding group and the food was delicious comfort type food, perfect for late night. One note for large groups at this hotel -- there are two different towers, and to get from one to the other to visit relatives sometimes requires two elevator rides plus some stairs. Not a big deal for me, but could be problem for some. The second tower has a concierge level -- which has continental breakfast, happy hour, comfy couches, and a computer. The concierge service was very good, even finding last minute tickets to Jersey Boys and reserving rental cars to be delivered directly to the hotel for drives up to Napa. A few blocks from Union Square, the Prescott is definitely worth considering for your visit to SF!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>BossFan1
<Content>Prescott is tops in SF This was out first visit to SF so I was looking for a small hotel near Union Square and the Prescott fit the bill. The service was superb, the room nicely appointed and clean. The view left a little to be desired but we weren't there to sit in the room. It is convenient to Union Square, China Town, Cable Cars and all the major stores. The wine Happy hour at the end of every day was a nice touch and certainly helped us relax after a day of touring.The restaurant, which is one of Wolfgang Pucks offered you the choice of a full sit down dinner or a pizza in the bar area, both of which were good. A previous reviewer said the Granola breakfast was worth trying and I have to agree. It is made on site and is a great way to start the day.Check In and Check Out were both hazzle free and as I mentioned above all of the staff were very helpful and courteous. Last but not least the bed was great. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BocaBlocks
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel Near Union Square Stayed at Prescott in Club Level every time we come to SF for last 10 yrs as our daughter lives in SF. Some rooms are not large, but had a large room this time on 4th floor. Service was excellent, as always, even though hotel was fully booked due to baseball all-star game taking place during the time that we stayed there.. There is a separate concierge on the Club Level in addition to concierge in main lobby. Both were very helpful with dinner  theatre reservations. Wolfgang Puck's excellent Postrio Restaurant is located in the hotel  hotel guests have inside track on getting reservations. Free continental breakfast  full happy hour with Wolfgang Puck pizza in the afternoon  full complimentary bar. It is a short walk to Union Square, MOMA  art galleries, theatres. We arrived early before rooms were ready  checked bags. When we came back later in day the bags were already in the room, rather than in the storage area. Could use upgrade to flat screen TVs.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelbuguk1980
<Content>Loved the Prescott! We found this hotel on trip advisor as the reviews were so good. This was our first visit to San Fran had a lovely time and would def go back!The hotel was clean, the staff friendly and the beds so very, very, comfortable!Definitely a must!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>River75
<Content>Would definitely go back! We adored the Prescott! We had a room overlooking nothing special unless you like brick walls but we were there to enjoy the comforts not the view particularly. We had an end room so no disturbance from anyone and the room itself was beautifully presented and made us feel quite special. The staff were very friendly and courteous and the living room where tea and coffee was provided with a roaring fire and very comfy leather chairs was a stop every morning on our way out. Very close to Union Square and only a 10 min walk to the cable car stop which takes you right to Fisherman's Wharf (quite long queues and allow extra time for the extra queue to buy your ticket - you can buy single tickets on board but day passes are better value). The Hotel restaurant gets very busy as it seems very popular with non residents and the food and service were both excellent. We would definitely stay at the Prescott again for it's locality, friendly staff, clean rooms, and exceptionally comfortable beds!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Cybersheep
<Content>Prescott Hotel - A great experience Made this reservation for a friend. He reported that the staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. The room was very clean and the bed comfortable. The location is superb and convention to great shopping, restaurants  night life.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pocopoco1
<Content>Prescott Hotel - Location and style Just returned from an 8 day vacation in beautiful San Francisco. We stayed at the Prescott and were completely satisfied. The location, a block from Union Square, made it easy to walk to Chinatown, Financial District, the Cable Car turnaround, and all of the department stores. The hotel room was comfortable for the two of us, bathroom toiletries(L'Occitane) were amply provided as were bathrobes and umbrellas (which we didn't need as the weather was fabulous). The room had no view but the bed was exceptionally comfortable. Our laptop fit in the safe. All of the employees were friendly with a greeting and smile whenever encountered. The concierge made dinner reservations, shuttle reservations, and provided detailed instructions to get us from the Legion of Honor Museum to Nob Hill. We enjoyed the wine hour from 5 to 6 on a couple of occasions which was held in a large livingroom area with a fireplace. Coffee and tea were provided there in the morning as well. The Prescott is a well managed boutique hotel and we will stay there again when we return to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mctrees02
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel in SFO Stayed here in mid-March for 3 nights. We booked our stay through Priceline so I was expecting to receive a low end room. Our room was by the elevator but there was never any excessive noise that bothered us. The rooms were small but nicely appointed. The bed was very comfortable for us. Free coffee in the mornings and free wine in the evenings was also a nice touch and a reason that I always look for a Kimpton first when I travel. The concierge (whose name eludes me right now) was VERY helpful with all of our needs. Whether it was finding a good pizza place at 11PM (we arrived late), recommending and making dinner reservations, or sending somebody around the corner to CVS to get medicine for my g/f when she got sick...she definitely went out of her way to help us out. I can't wait to return to SFO and this lovely hotel  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BelindaTrent
<Content>Wanted to love it, but disappointed We arrived in San Francisco after a long flight from Sydney, Australia. We got to the hotel at about 10am - we didn't expect our room to be ready, but we were rather surprised by the indifferent reception from the staff at the front desk. We were allowed to leave our luggage, but were told 'go for a walk' until 3pm. It would have been nice to be offered a drink, or even a map with advice on the best places to visit. Our room was small but quite well appointed - the bed was good. Our view was of airconditioning plants and rubbish, but we were in the room to sleep, not stare out the window. Unfortunately the indifferent service returned when we asked about tours to Alcatraz - we were advised that we should walk to the pier, which would take about 25minutes, and ask if tickets were available. The concierge advised us that she had rung earlier this morning for other guests, and there were only a few tickets left so we might be disappointed. We were quite annoyed that she didn't see fit to call on behalf of us. The final annoyance came when we needed to check out at 5.45 am - we took our bags downstairs to encouter a very friendly cleaner, but yet more indifference from the staff at the front desk. We had to interrupt their discussions about tiresome guests to ask if we could check out - the person we spoke to said he couldn't help and then just walked away. We assumed he was going to get someone who could, but he walked outside to chat to someone in the street. We stood there for about 15 minutes before someone else wandered by. The Prescott is in a great location - we wanted to love it, but the combination of the poor service and slightly shabby interiors made for a frustrating stay.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>herculepoirot
<Content>Somebody update this place ASAP! From the furniture with ripped fabric in the lobby to dirty (as in food or something) caked on the chairs in my room I can't figure out why this potentially great hotel is not taking care of itself. Add to this outdated phones of horrible quality (I had to take a business call and no one could me hear on the other end), dirty doors, broken fixtures and the like in the suite. What was interesting is that they were doing touch up painting on the walls of the hallway but clearly not investing in anything else. AVOID the workout room -- it's pathetic and an embarrassment to the Kimpton brand. The Club Level lounge is nice and lots of free drinks and carbs await you, if you want those things. Bottom line-great location but wouldn't recommend to anyone until major overhaul is done.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>konadays
<Content>The Prescott is Great The Prescott is great especially since we got our room for $135 per night via a Priceline bid. My only request was a quiet room and that was what we got in the very back of the hotel. The room was small but two people could move around at the same time. The furnishings were appropriate for a 4 star hotel, simple but tastefull. My only non-positive comment about the room was that you have to be something of a contortionist to reach the toilet paper roll while seated but that is a mild complaint. The hotel had complementary coffee and tea in their living room area off of the lobby every morning and complementary wine and beer in the late afternoons. We tried the attached Wolfgang Puck restaurant (Postrio) for dinner one night. It was expensive but the food was non-impressive. The flavors were so subtle that you barely tasted anything in either of the two dishes that my husband and I ordered. On the positive side the service was very good. We didn't have time to search for a place for breakfast the day we left so we went back to Postrio (how bad could cereal be?). We were pleasantly surprised that the granola, hot oatmeal, and fresh fruit plates were all excellent.The only other negative of note was the disco music that was played in the elevator at 7:00 am. I was just not in the mood for this before my morning coffee. A more relaxing music in the mornings please.And of course how could you beat the wonderful location one block from Union Square. All in all we would love to go back to the Prescott (especially if we can get it through a Priceline bid).  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MikePrinceton
<Content>Very nice at the right price Booked a room here on Priceline for $125; at that price, this is a steal. Excellent location (1 1/2 blocks from Union Square), very stylish design that has retained some of the feel of an old building. Room was on the smallish side, but perfectly adequate. Only complaint was weakish water pressure.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>PDXpopcorn
<Content>Big Disappointment! I stayed at the Prescott last year and found the Club Level room comfortable but small. Enjoyed the Club Level amenities and the friendly staff as well as how easy it was to meet other guests during breakfast and cocktail hour. Last week, I was excited when told we had been upgraded to the penthouse suite instead of the Club Level room we booked. Well, the suite was big but that was where it ended. The decor was rundown, the upper hinge of the bathroom door was hanging loose, the upholstery of the sofa and chairs was soiled and the furniture was shabby chic, with emphasis on the shabby. We got immediate response to the complaint about the door, but how did it get missed by the maid when she cleaned prior to our stay? That said, the bed and bedding was excellent as it always is in Kimpton Hotels, but boy, am I glad I wasn't paying the full price for that room!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FastTrackGal
<Content>The Prescott is a Winner My partner and I (two women) had an excellent five-night stay at the Prescott Hotel in San Francisco during our vacation in early April 2007. We read a favorable review of the Prescott through Karen Brown's travel guide and booked a deluxe level queen room for $199 per night, not including $28 for taxes.The hotel's location near Union Square, the Powell Street cable car turnaround and municipal railway and BART station appealed to us. We were also within walking distance of Nob Hill and SF MOMA, the art museum. Coit Tower in Little Italy and the Ferry Building's food bazaar at the foot of Market Street can be reached in 20-minute walk.Our room, #417, on the fourth floor executive level, had a window overlooking Post Street, which was quiet and sunny. I recommend asking for a room overlooking Post Street, rather than the interior of the hotel, which faces the backsides of buildings. Across from the Prescott on Post Street is a quiet, established private club, the Olympic Club -- no noise. Our room was furnished with attractive dark wood furniture, soft luxury bed linens and high-end soap, shampoo, conditioner and lotion. There was adequate dresser and closet space for us to store our clothes. The bathroom is designed well: good counter space and lighting, extra towels and a spacious shower area with a nice size ledge to sit on when bathing or shaving legs. The room was cleaned well each day and bathroom supplies were replenished. Upon request, shoes will be shined overnight at no charge.Internet access was available in our room, but we did not have computer with us. A desktop PC is available for guests to use in the club level lounge on the 4th floor, but you must use your credit card to obtain access. I felt that access to the club lounge computer should be provided at no charge as a courtesy to guests.There is a small gym at the hotel, but I didn't visit it.In the morning, we enjoyed indulging in the complimentary pastries, muffins, coffee and fruit served in the roomy and well decorated executive level club lounge on the fourth floor of hotel. The furniture and atmosphere is very comfortable. Newspapers (NYT, WSJ, Financial Times and SF Chronicle) are available for guests. Families with children, couples and businesspeople all share the club area. In the late afternoon, the club level serves complimentary drinks and snacks, e.g. cheese, bread and small pizza slices.There is concierge's desk in the hotel lobby and on the executive club level (4th floor). Erica, one of the concierge's offered to book our airport shuttle (done!) and print our airline boarding passes. I liked her initiative, especially her comparison of booking a reservation to the SF Airport on Super Shuttle vs. Lorrie's, another service. Lorrie's has a live person answering their phone reservation, which isn't always the case with Super Shuttle. We paid $15 each to travel to the airport on Lorrie's. The van arrived ten minutes before our 6:00 a.m. reservation to depart from the hotel on a Sunday morning, which was fine with us. My only complaint about the Prescott was not being able to settle the bill the night before our departure. We were told we could check out using our TV set after midnight (Argh) or wait until the morning of departure (before our 6:00 a.m. airport shuttle). The bill I was given on the Sunday morning we departed had the room charges for that day, which should not have appeared. Fortunately, I caught this mistake and the bill was reissued.Transportation to the Prescott:We took BART from the SFO Airport to the Powell Street station when we arrived in San Francisco around 3:00 p.m. on a weekday. The fare was about $5.25 per person, the ride was comfortable and took about 20 minutes from the BART terminal at the airport -- easy to get to BART from the main part of the airport terminal via the free, local airport train. Safe and clean. Transportation in SF:We recommend buying an unlimited ride passport to use San Francisco's municipal transit system (Muni). The visitor's center next to the Powell Street BART/Muni station sells Muni passports. We paid $18 each for a three-day pass. It was great to flash our pass while others paid $5 per each-way on the cable car. We also used the local bus, muni trolley on Market Street and the muni railway. Muni buses and railways are $1.50 per trip without a pass.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>zonkiethegreat
<Content>Gotta love Kimpton!            
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JosiePA
<Content>Overated for me End of March, I was staying at the Marriott on 4th St. which I would recommend, and stay at again. Clean, updated, modern design and good location. I switched to the Prescott at the recommendations of friends. It was once very nice but needs to be touched up and really cleaned. It reminds me of European hotels that have an old world feel, which is nice if the hotel is top notch. Also, the heating and air conditioning system is strange, once it reached the room temperature you program, it switches to air conditioning to maintain it. So we could never get the room to be comfortable. Most of the staff was excepionally nice. Samll exercise room but adequate. The location is fine, about 3 blocks from Union Square, next to the Postrio restaurant, which gives guests preference seating/reservations. With my experience at the Marriott, which was about 40 dollars more per night, I doubt I would stay here again. (P.S. I travel a fair amount for business  pleasure).  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Yvonderful
<Content>Loved the Prescott! We stayed here to do the Bay to Breakers. Perfect location, very comfortable and a friendly staff. We actually drove to Freemont and took Bart into the city. Got off at Nordstrom's and took an easy walk to the hotel...no parking hassels! Can't wait for the next time.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lappers
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Staff After 3 weeks traveling around Australia we were looking forward to our stop over in San Fran and we weren't disappointed.The Prescott is a gorgeous hotel, in a fantastic location and has the best staff of any hotel I鈥檝e stayed out.The concierge and the bell staff (especially Michael) were excellent and really helpful nothing at all was too much trouble from recommending places to go, booking dinner and sorting out theatre tickets.Anyone staying here needs to visit the bar, not wanting to sound like a saddo, but sitting in the bar you get the feeling you're in an American sitcom 鈥?Brian the bartender was great.Definitely stay here on a trip to San Francesco  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Athenasmommy
<Content>Prescott is great We had an awesome 4 night stay at the Prescott! We have two kids 3 and 7 who really had a great time, too. The executive club level breakfast and happy hour were fantastic and kid friendly. The snacks at happy hour were amazing. The staff is really nice and even helped us order a pizza from a local pizzeria for a dinner in the room. The location was good because it's not directly on Union Square so it's not too noisy but it's a 2 minute walk so it's convenient for cable car rides, etc.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>welltripped
<Content>Good for yoga I stayed here for three nights whilst passing through San Francisco to business elsewhere in the US. I was attracted to the hotel by it's location and it having yoga kits and a yoga channel. The location was also good for a solo woman.I had a Queen Deluxe room on floor 6 overlooking Post Street. The room was easily large enough to accommodate yoga practice with only minimal moving of furniture. The yoga kit provided consisted of a mat, belt and block, all in a new condition. Unfortunately the yoga channel (32) was showing cookery programmes. The considerable mirroring in the room helped me to improve my postures though. The room itself was nice; neutral decor, comfortable bed, quality linens. Movies were $9.99. Bath products were L'Occitane rather than the advertised Aveda but I prefer them so it made little difference.Although I did not use the concierge service I did see Amanda going the distance in trying to obtain tickets for shows. The staff were pleasant and seemed good at responding to the different needs of guests. I endorse the comment about the MUNI pass, $18 for three days unlimited travel on buses, cablecars and trolley buses.San Francisco was a fantastic place for a short stopover, the different neighbourhoods provided different pleasures. If I stayed again I would probably stay in a different area but the location was great for a first visit; close to transport links, shopping, theatres and restaurants.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RyanMarin
<Content>Like very much Really a delightful hotel. Nicely appointed rooms with wonderful beds. Charming and small boutique feel. Nice location.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ZM_Blue_Eyes
<Content>A cozy, unique spot - close to everything you need A friend and I enjoyed a girls' getaway weekend in San Francisco and really enjoyed our time at the Prescott. The room was pretty small, but we were totally expecting that in a small, boutique 100 year old hotel. The Aveda bath products were great - as were the bed linens - the duvets really made me feel like I was in Europe.The front desk staff were very friendly and efficient. The concierge desk was helpful too, but we didn't require much advice - having already done most of our research on where to eat, etc.The location can't be beat - you are close to the cable car lines and bus stops - I highly recommend the MUNI passes - get yourself a MUNI map too and it is so easy (and cheap) to get around the city. We only took one cab during our 5 day stay. The rest of the time it was busss (or cable cars if they were convient and not full!) Also, you can take the BART from SFO or Oakland and it is a short walk to the Prescott - a bargain for around $7Make a point to enjoy the lovely meeting area during wine hour. It is also a nice place to sit and chat with your group and with others.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelfreak2007
<Content>Unbelievable value I have been here for almost 3 weeks on business. Kimpton quality as others have stated for anywhere between $121-149 (AAA) rate. Free wine hour from 5-6, but I have to admit I am enjoyin the club level wine and apps even though I am not on club level. Staff extremely helpful. 10 good restaurants within 2 blocks and union square. Avis and Hertz 2 blocks away also in the event you only need car for 1 day and don't want to pay $40 overnight parking charge. Attached to swanky restaurant Postrio which has a reasonable and convenient bar menu.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kikrejam
<Content>Outstanding Hotel in Union Square Area! This is a fabulous hotel. It has a very elegant feel, is upscale with a wonderful staff from the reception desk to the concierge to the bellman.We booked two rooms for our stay, a deluxe king suite and a deluxe queen room. We are Kimpton In Touch members and were upgraded to the Club level for both rooms. I've read reviews saying the rooms were small but I did not find that to be the case with either room. The suite has a separate room with a pull out sofa with a small dining table with two chairs. Five people sat comfortably in the room in the evening enjoying a bottle of champagne.The rooms are well maintained and very comfortable. I particularly enjoy rooms with overhead lighting in the ceiling. The rooms here have overhead lights in each room including both suite rooms. The rooms also had large walk in closets, a rarity these days in hotel rooms.My favorite part of the room was how quiet it was. The rooms did not have a view; our suite looked out to a concrete wall but I 'll take that any day in a big city. No street noise, not city noise, I never slept better in a city hotel room. I'm sure some of the rooms face the street but based on the design of what I could tell most of the rooms at the Prescott face away from the street since it is in the middle of a block so most rooms should be very quiet.The Club Level was nicely done. The evening featured complimentary wine, beer, some hard liquor and soft drinks. A variety of bread and cheeses along with Wolfgang Puck Pizzas were served. The morning featured cereals, fruit, bagels, muffins, fresh orange juice, coffee and tea. We thoroughly enjoyed it.The hotel is only one block from the Curran Theater which makes it very convenient for Theater goers. The only slightly negative comment is the TV's in the room are old 20 Zenith models that need to be updated and they should replace the VCR's with DVD players. I'm sure this will be coming in the future.We've stayed in many hotels in the Union Square area of San Francisco. The Prescott is by far our favorite. We will absolutely return.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karenlo
<Content>Loved it! Loved this hotel! We were on the Club Level and our room was smallish but gorgeous. Neutral colous scheme, big comfy bed, nice quality bedlinen and large bathroom.In the afternoon they had a cocktail hour, with free drinks and nibbles. Divine!!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>dpb132
<Content>Fantastic hotel experience I stayed 3 nights at the Prescott on business in early December 2006. When I arrived to check-in, I was upgraded to a 2-room suite on the executive level of the hotel. (The clerk simply said it was my lucky day.) The room was large, immaculate, and came with nice club level amenities like free continental breakfast and evening reception, shoe shine, high-quality toiletries, etc. The staff was uniformly pleasant from the housekeepers to the general manager. Union Square is 1.5 blocks away and it's a 5 minute walk to the MBTA Powell St station. I travel a fair bit, and there's no question that my stay at the Prescott was a great hotel experience all around.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aptbroker1
<Content>Excellent hotel. Kimpton has another winner! We are staying here from Dec 28 to Jan 1, 2007. It's a great little hotel. The rooms is excellent, with nice linens, towels and comfy bed. Usual amenities of a 4 star hotel, iron  board, minibar, safe and morning paper. Unusual was the free overnite shoe shine, 4 different newspapers and coffee in the fireside lobby lounge from 6:30 AM. The location is good too, only 2 blocks from Union Square. The staff is friendly, helpful and attentive. I highly recommend this Kimpton Hotel Group property. We have stayed at their Monaco and Vintage Plaza Hotels here in SF, and this one is the best yet.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Reli37
<Content>A mixed bag The Prescott was a very nice hotel. Pretty, excellent staff, very clean. We spent four nights there the week before Christmas. We only had one major problem and that was with the HVAC. We set the thermostat for heat with a temperature of 70 and automatic fan (only when the heat came on). However, when the temperature in the room dropped below 70, the fan came on and blew cold air for, what seemed an eternity (in actuality probably at least 5 minutes), before it blew hot air. Staff told us it was an old building and HVAC system and that was the way it was - they did adjust the vent louvers away from the bed. Coffee and tea were available just off the lobby in the morning but nothing to complement it. Much better to have had a coffee machine in the room like so many other hotels rather than to have t schlep the beverages back to our room. The wine tastings between 5 and 6 PM were nice but again no complements to it and completely unattended. Stay again? Not sure.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heatheraussie
<Content>It is always great Its safe its very clean great location WORTH BEING A KIMPTON MEMBER they offer freebiesI suggest that you ask exactly what they offer and if you can have an up grade to the club level THIS IS FANTASTIC value  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>m180
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel The Prescott Hotel is in a Great Location, Just a few blocks from Union Square.Our room was very clean, and the housekeeping service was very good indeed. The view out of the room was not one to write home about, and I agree with another guest on keeping the curtains closed at all times.I enjoyed my stay here very much, my only gripe being that I was charged for two nights Valet parking, when I only used the facility the one night. Upon checking out it took me what seemed like an age to get my Bill corrected. Apart from that it's a hotel I would recommend to anyone staying in the area.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>lawrock
<Content>Perfect location, Pleasant staff, Comfortable room We found the Prescott by a chance internet search and when we noticed it was among the top 50 boutique hotels, we decided to give it a try. We were able to get a AAA rate (265) and although it was more than what we wanted to pay, we liked the location, the description, and, well, we were leaving in 5 days! All worth it. Plenty of space in our room, bathrobes and slippers, a very comfortable bed and spacious armoir. The deluxe continental breakfast and daily paper were great to have as part of our room rate. The fitness room was small but sufficient. The location was, in fact, very convenient and we walked all over the city and made it back for the evening wine tasting in the lobby. Others have remarked about the staff and we agree that they are top notch. Each concierge was knowledgeable, helpful, and pleasant - some pretty funny, too. And, Patricia at the front desk added those small, almost unnoticeable touches, that really helped. We wrote the manager afterward to commend everyone. One night we were too tired to dine out and the staff recommended a little Thai restaurant for take-out nearby - we ate in the lobby by the fire with a bottle of wine we picked up in Sonoma. What could be better! Stay here. We'll be looking for Kimpton hotels whenever we travel.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>plechadores
<Content>Charming Characteristic With Convenience       Luxurious bathroom with plush rombes  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>Pamelasue
<Content>Incredible Gem We stayed at the Prescott 5 days with 2 other couples on business and fell in love with this charming boutique hotel. The accommodations were well appointed, comfortable and convenient. Every single employee greeted us with smiles and helpful suggestions for dining, sightseeing or anything we required. Mike, the doorman, knows everything about wine and had Brian, the bartender let me sample his suggestions....marvelous. Erica and Amanda were incredible concierges...no task too large or too small. The wine hour by the fireplace in the livingroom afforded a lovely time to meet fellow travelers and unwind. Ask Brian to make you a Ginger Mojo and enjoy!!! Whenever we return to San Fran, this is definitely where we'll stay.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cttravel
<Content>Prescott's a charming hotel Great place to stay in San Francisco. It was within walking distance to Union Square, Powell cable cars, Chinatown. We even walked to North Beach, but that was further. There are many restaurants in the area as well.We stayed in a Queen deluxe room. To our surprise, around the corner from the main bedroom, was another smaller room with a twin bed. I think the room was a good size for San Francisco standards. There was a CD player, minibar, TV, 2 writing desks.They also had free wireless service. The bed was comfortable, and there is nightly turndown service which was nice.Adjacent to the lobby, they've got a cozy, good sized sitting area complete with fireplace and reading lamps. In the mornings, there is free Starbucks coffee. Afternoons, there is free wine.Great hotel. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>sonorabob
<Content>The Prescott, San Fransisco Charming and Gracefull My wife and I go to San Fransisco several times a year. We even honeymooned there thirty one years ago. We had not had the pleasure of staing at the Prescott before this last weekend. We were very pleasantly surprised at the experience of a small intimate charming older boutique hotel. The staff was very attentive from the doormand to the bellmand and the front desk. The special ammenities such as wine in the lounge in the evening, coffee tea and a morning paper, as well as wireless internet access made the experience easy and comfortable. An Oasis af calm in the teaming jungle of Union Square. Great job to the Prescott staff . We will be back!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JeffinTO
<Content>Good Hotel in Central Location I stayed at the Prescott for two nights at the end of August. It is located just off Union Square, making it a great location for business and leisure travellers. I was stopping over on the way to Australia from Toronto, and found the hotel a cozy place for a layover. While some guests have had issues with room service, there is a great selection of restaurants of all classes nearby and the concierge is more than helpful with dining, sightseeing and shopping suggestions. Be prepared to be persistent with any special requests (it was a bit difficult to get non-feather bedding due to allergies) and also note that the Kimpton chain routinely charges your card for your entire stay plus $100 a night when checking in. Coming from Canada, I found the service at times from staff (other than the concierge who was just great), a bit brisk and lacking warmth, but overall enjoyed my stay.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Doowap
<Content>What a wonderful spot to stay.       Tasty desert at Postrio's  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Satefan
<Content>What a GREAT hotel I have been visiting San Francisco for 10 years and since a few years, through a recommendation from a collegue, i stay at the Prescott. What a GREAT place to stay. If you like smaller and more 'family' style hotels, the Prescott is your choice.The rooms are great, have a nice classic atmosphere and the restaurant attached to it (Postrio) is great! Very friendly personell, close to Union Square and free internet access (wireless) are jsut a few of the reasons why I LOVE this hotel.Give it a try, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vhapugpascum
<Content>Try a different hotel I stayed one night during a business trip at the Prescott. It's worn down and could use some extra cleaning and customer service training for it's staff.The blanket and comforter still had their small laundry slips stapled on the edge and the blanket had not been laundered in 2 months and the comforter in 1 month. The sheets had tears and rips. The air vent had cobwebs. The phone needed to be repaired and I was unable to order a movie because the service was down. At the Club level they advertise appetizers from their famous Postrio restaurant but instead a cheese tray and slices of pizza margherita are on the menu-this is very misleading since these extras determine if prospective guests will choose to pay extra for the amenites offered at the Club level. Most disappointing of all was that the staff did not appear to have any customer service training and my complaint was met with disdain as if dealing with customer concerns was not an important part of their job. Quality control wise at least guests should be able to expect sheets without holes, frequent laundry service and attentive customer service. I think with the wide range of hotels available in San Francisco there is no reason to give this one a chance.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	1	3	

<Author>Boston732
<Content>Excellent Stay at the Prescott After a very long cross country trip, we gratefully checked in to the beautiful Prescott Hotel. We stayed in a king suite in the back of the hotel. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was very quiet. The hotel offers yoga kits to borrow and has a TV channel with yoga instruction- great after a long, cramped trip.The room was beautifully furnished and the mini bar was stocked with every item you could need, very reasonably priced. (EG a 1.5L bottle of water for $4) The staff was welcoming and professional.The evening wine reception was held in a beautiful room just off the lobby. It was a terrific way to unwind. In the morning, I went to the exercise room. While I was surprised that there were no treadmills, there were elliptical machines and recumbant bikes. The room was clean and had towels, water and fresh fruit.We will absolutely stay at the Prescott again. It was very conveniently located on a lovely block right across from the JW Marriott. It was very close to the shopping of Union Square and a short walk to Chinatown.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Balconylove
<Content>Applause For The Prescott This will be my third time staying in a Kimpton Hotel. My children ages 13  15 had never been to San Francisco so for a mini weekend getaway before school starts back we drove up from Los Angeles. The Prescott is 2 short blocks away from Union Square in the Heart of San Francisco and a few blocks from the Powell St/Hyde Cable Car, and of course wonderful shopping. We had a BLAST!! We stayed in a Junior Suite, arrived late Friday night and were so pleased to have the beds turned down with a welcome note and chocolates on the beds. The hotel is beautifully boutique in style and size and has lovely contemporary/classic furnishings throughout. Beds are incredibly cozy, (kids said even the pull out bed was comfortable), complimentary continental breakfast for Club Level members was nice on the 4th floor, and the staff is sooooooo nice and knowledgable. What I love is that it is close to everything. I have never had a bad stay at a Kimpton Hotel and I highly recommend your next trip to one of their locations!! Keep in mind that if you are looking for large rooms, boutique hotels may not be for you, however the suites are very nice in size and comfort!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Coffeelatte
<Content>Great spot for business or personal travel We used the Prescott for a meeting with travellers coming from many spots in the US and Canada. The location, just a quick walk from Union Square, was excellent. The concierge and front desk service were wonderful - they made great recommendations on where to go for dinner and how to get to various locations. The room was small but very clean and comfortable. Great bed, lovely linens. Nice Aveda lotions and shampoo in the bathroom. A little noise early in the evenings, but overall the location was quiet. Turn down service at night was like magic -- and a lovely touch that they left the radio playing something to relax by. All our travellers stayed on the 4th floor Club Level. The Club Level entitles you to a complimentary breakfast that was quite good. Pastries, bagels  croissant, cereal, beautiful fresh fruit, juice and really drinkable coffee. For those not on the Club level there is a daily Manager's wine reception for all guests on the first floor next to the lobby. The surprize for us is that the Club level includes a complimentary evening cocktail reception with a full bar -- not just wine. Really a nice touch. The Club level was warm and offered our group a good chance to relax and mingle. They also serve limited appetizers from Postrio restaurant (downstairs in the same building) at no extra charge at the Club Level reception. Our conference room was well set-up, and the staff responded with ease to help us out with several last minute requests for AV equipment. We ordered box lunches for the meeting -- all food service comes through Postrio. The lunches got mixed reviews -- some people liked them, some people didn't. The hotel service throughout the day to stock beverages and check on our needs was unobtrusive.Just a few things to watch for...especially if you are working with a group booking. #1 -- Group sales are apparently rolled under a consolidated Kimpton booking management team. The hand-offs for handling our group booking were pretty rough at first. When we initially started working with the hotel the response was extremely slow to get any information. Ultimately I worked with a wonderful woman who followed up closely at every step to make sure we were taken care of (thanks, Julie!.) So you may need to be persistent to get their attention, but it is worth the effort! I do a lot of event planning and had nothing but solid raves about this location. #2 - Check your confirmation information from the hotel really closely. After we signed the contract and provided rooming lists there were errors on the arrival and departure dates that we got back from the hotel. Even though our contract was quite clear about the start and end dates and how many rooms we anticipated there were still errors in the booking system when we arrived that showed one of our travellers arriving a day before we'd contracted rooms! So read the paperwork closely! #3 - On checkout the hotel had added valet parking to my billing...and we didn't even have a car! They quickly cleared the charges as we checked out, but that was a surprizing error. Also, our minibar was fully stocked -- but some items had been opened which made us worry we would be charged. There was no price list in the room, but those items are usually overpriced. The minibar worries were needless...we were not charged for a thing.For this meeting I also worked with Postrio -- the Wolfgang Puck restaurant downstairs -- for a group breakfast. Their Patio Room was a private dining dream. The food selections are a bit fancy  fruity, but the service was stellar!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Stay Had a wonderful 5 day/4 night stay at the Prescott exploring San Francisco. Friendly attentive staff ( the desk man that greeted us has been there for 17 years!) Superb location. Very reasonably priced with comfortable (small in the European style) rooms and a superb sitting area with a roaring fire going all day, inexpensive internet access (I left my puter at home), and lots of comfortable seating along with coffee and tea service in the morning and a wine hour in the afternoon.We ate at La Scala, the Farallon, Post Trios and Le Colonial, all superb restaurants within a block and a half of the hotel. Union Square is only a block and a half away. A must do is breakfast at Sears on Powell just a block up from Union Square. A SF institution for over a 100 years. Be prepared for a line, but it is worth it.You don't need a car (in fact it will get in your way in SF).Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was okay at best Pros:Friendly serviceNice location near Union SquareCons:-Does not offer a cheap breakfast...you can only get items from Wolfgang Pucks which was really expensive ($30-$40 for breakfast)-Only has 4 king beds in the entire hotel-Small rooms  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Prescott Great location! 5 minutes to Union Square and cable cars. Gorgeous room with very comfy bed. (Room was small, but so nice that it didn't seem to matter.) Complimentary wine reception from 5 to 6 pm was pleasant. Free wi-fi was awesome! Room 601 was larger than some of the other rooms. I got this classy hotel on Priceline for $76 and could not have been happier! Friendly, helpful staff.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alau925chicago
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Prescott I had a wonderful stay at the Prescott this past weekend. We arrived on Thursday at 11 a.m. and although no rooms were available, they did hold our luggage which allowed us to walk around the city prior to checking in. We came back at 1:30 p.m. and they had a room ready on their club level so they upgraded us for no charge! The room was small but cozy and the bathroom was large enough to walk around with 2 people. The staff was always friendly, especially when enjoying the free yummy continental breakfast and open bar and pizza in the afternoon. One nice touch is coming back to our room in the evening to see our beds made, music playing, and the room cleaned again. The front desk/concierge were helpful and helped us make reservations for dinner (which was great) and places to go. The only thing I wouldn't recommend is using their airport shuttle service (but that's another story and has nothing to do with the hotel).Overall, the Prescott was great and at a perfect location. The cable car stops at Post/Powell Street which is only 1 1/2 blocks away. The Muni/Bart is about 3-4 blocks away.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>unionsq212
<Content>Charming Boutique Hotel; Very Limited Room Service; A Little Sloppy I've stayed at the Prescott a number of times for work (once for more than a week). It is a charming boutique hotel. Nicely decorated. The rooms are done traditionally in dark green and burgundy. They are somewhat small, but charming. I switched to the Pan Pacific (now the JWMarriott) across the street, however, mainly because the room service menu is extrremely limited and the dishes downright odd. The hotel is serviced by the restaurant Postria, which is downstairs; and the cuisine is what's called California Eclectic. So if you like Lamb Andouille Sausage Pizza and Beet Salad for a late night snack when you've just flown in from New York, you might like this. It wasn't for me. Breakfast was served very slowly (in room) and cold on occasion. Just not good when you're rushing to meetings and such.I wanted to like this hotel, because it's a charming, high end of the mid-range boutique -- which I prefer -- but after repeated stays, the room service killed me.The staff was always pleasant, though on occasion a little empty-headed. Once I left my credit car in the bar; had asked at the reception desk, after the restaurant was closed, if it had been found; came down the next day and asked again; the desk clerk routed around and then found an evelope in a drawer with my name on it, with my card inside. You'd think someone would have left me a messsage in my room to tell me it had been found. It's that little bit of lack of attention to what really matters -- while making sure you get lovely chocolates on your pillow and a signed welcome note from the manager, both of which you really don't care about -- that finally turned me off to this hotel.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Decent Place but not at the Price While a nice hotel, for the price and its marketing as an upscale hotel, it left some to be desired - our room, upgraded to a full suite, was comfortable but lacked a full bar fridge and at that, it was not in working order - nevertheless, it was fixed promptly. Also, the bar was serviced (stocked) by a contracted group, not the hotel, so it was hardto get the type of beverages we wanted - also, the room service was done by the restaurant that, while on site, was billing seperately from the hotel - somewhat inconvenient. Location was good to Union Square and the staff was friendly and helpful.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sashaling
<Content>Nice Place to Stay Stayed at The Prescott Hotel for 4 nights in May. Perfect location, just a couple of blocks off Powell Street and a short walk from Powell Street Station. Booked the room on Priceline where you name a price and they find a hotel, got the room for 90.00 a night. Third floor room was nicely appointed with a small seperate room with a couch/bed if needed. Never heard the first street noise. Bathroom was small without a fan so that it fogged up badly. Staff were pleasant and helpful and the nightly wine tasting which seems to common among the hotels in the city was a nice chance to relax before starting our evening. Would stay again!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>betakate
<Content>Only if you get a good deal. The Prescott was fine: clean, with a good staff, and nice amenities. It aspires to fancy-pants quality, which it doesn't really make. The carpet needs replacing and the place is very tiny. Do not ask the concierges for ANYTHING. They are not professionals and seem to be exchangable with the desk staff. They gave us the wrong directions twice and gave us lowsy dinner recommendations.It's got some great pluses, though. It's realy nice to pop downstairs to Wolfgang Puck's restaurant for a nip. The beds were REALLY comfortable, with memory foam mattresses and great bedding.Union Square is a great location, and it's great at night. There are tons of people around, so it never feels creepy. And the hotel is really near tons of public transportation.I wouldn't pay retail for this hotel (and certainly not the mark-up for club level), but if you get a good deal (less than $200), go for it.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>astro50
<Content>Very nice and comfortable hotel! Spent 3 lovely days at the Prescott last March.I got a very good package deal for a 3 night stay through Luxurylink. I had a large room with plenty of amenities, very well decorated and with a confy bed with lots of confy pillows. Bathroom had excellent Aveda toiletries and , though it wasn't large, was very nice and modern. We never had breakfast at the hotel because it was a bit expensive but there was a nice place to have a good breakfast a minute up the street. The living room at the hotel was very pleasing, with a large fireplace , and wine was served in the afternoons. We had a lunch at the hotel's restaurant once and I was pleased with it. The menu doesn't offer many options but the food is good.The location of the Prescott couldn't be better, two blocks from Union Square , with plenty of shops and restaurants nearby. All in all a very nice boutique hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>an absurd price and rude manner 1. a front staff backbiting guests 2. exorbitant prices - especially international call (16$ for a minute) and internet (10$ for an hour)3. a musty room  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>VCRiffRaff
<Content>Fantastic Time! We went to the city to attend a wedding. Found a terrific travel package at priceline.com with The Prescott as the hotel. I'm always leary shopping online for a hotel, the pics can be deceiving. In this case, they were not! We absolutely loved The Prescott and won't stay anywhere else.The location is superb, just far enough away from the fun chaos of Union Square. The room was perfect, and more than adequate. Comfy bed, great bathroom. Yeah, I'll agree the rooms are small, but like everyone else says, all older city hotel rooms are small. The staff is what you would find at a luxury resort anywhere in the U.S. and even nicer than a lot of them. No pretense whatsoever.I can't comment on noise while trying to sleep because I always wear earplugs in hotels. Why anyone wouldn't is beyond me, afterall, hotels are filled with sleeping/snoring people and those coming and going at all hours of the night. My hubby did say though that he didn't hear anything other than a small thump outside the door when they delivered the paper at some point during the morning.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Hotel Stayed at the Prescott for several nights in March and absolutely loved it. From check-in to check-out everyone from the concierge, desk staff, to the bellmen were very genuine and helpful folks. They really seemed interested in making your stay enjoyable. The rooms are very comfortable and decorated nicely. Although people have noted that they are small, take into consideration that this is San Francisco, it is a boutique hotel, and as we found out, the building was built in 1911! Room service is from Wolfgang Puck's Postrio, who contrary to belief, still stops by every now and then to make sure the kitchen is on par. Small gym in the hotel, but they do offer day passes to Club One Fitness nearby if you really need a full facility. Wine hour in the living room is a nice touch. Overall a great place to stay, one block off of Union Square, 10 minute walk to Moscone Convention Center, very easy to get anywhere in the city. For the price paid, I wouldn't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good and Bad Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Prescott. We arrived much earlier than the 3pm check in time, and the staff was friendly and held our bags until we returned later that afternoon. Upon check-in, we received a corner room on the second floor. The room was clean, but a little small (DISCLAIMER- we stayed at the Ritz Carlton the previous two nights, and really no hotel can compare with their rooms, services, amenities, etc). The Aveda bath products were a plus, however, we noticed that some of the wallpaper was peeling in the bathroom. The bedding was very comfortable, but unlike most hotel rooms, the t.v. stand was not placed directly across the foot of the bed, but was instead placed on the right hand side of the foot of the bed, so you had to turn your neck to watch television. Overall, the service was pretty good, however, one night we were awoken at 2 am to a very strong chemical smell. We discovered that a maintenance worker was painting a wood floorboard next to our room, and we had to call downstairs to have the problem solved. The rooms are close to each other, so we could also hear the same maintenance worker pounding and making noise with whatever tools he was using. This was very disconcerting and stressful as it was 2AM!!! I've never heard of a hotel where people do work during these sleeping hours. The smell of the lacquer or varnish which was seeping into our room gave me a headache and almost made me vomit. That said, however, the rest of our stay was pleasant. Location is convenient (couple blocks from Union Square) and we hear that their restaurant, Postrio, is very popular, although we did not try it. Overall, we probably won't stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great bang for the buck! We got the hotel on priceline for $102 a night and it was more than worth it. From the concierge at check-in with bottled water to the wine in the evening was great! The room was a little small, but clean with a great bed- soft blankets, pillows and comfy. The staff was very friendly and helpful with directions, restaurants recommendations, etc. In the lobby lounge there was coffee/tea every a.m., cookies on the concierge station, in the p.m. and 5-6 every evening red and white wine-complimentary for all guests. We are from NYC and for first time visitors to the San Fran we found this hotel to be in a great location for getting to most neighborhoods- especially if you like to walk. We would recommend it and hope to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JuicyCouture
<Content>Fabulous, intimate hotel off of Union Square --home away from home! This was my second time staying at the Prescott after and once again, I had an absolutely fantastic experience. We arrived from the airport early and they immidiately gave us our room and checked us in, even though it was only 10:00 AM. The room was very nice. It was small, but this was to be expected as it is a boutique hotel and it is in San Francisco. The room was decorated very well and the bedding was lovely. The bathroom was on the smaller side, but again, it's San Francisco. There was plenty of room for my beauty products on the counter and it was very clean (I am very picky about hotels!) The shower was small, only big enough for one person, but I thought it was nice and I loved the little square shaped tub. It was large enough that I (at 5'7 could) easily sit cross legged and enjoy a hot bath after a day of walking around the City.The hotel offered a complimentary wine reception every evening downstairs for all guests and for Club Level guests they also offer a free breakfast as well as an evening wine reception with hors o'deruves in the Club Level lounge. It was a very nice touch. The wine could have been better, but hey, you can't complain too much when it's totally free. The location is prime, just a block away from Union Square and world class shopping and plenty of restaurants. I felt very safe walking to and from the hotel. The staff was absolutely fabulous and they did their best to make us feel welcome and it seemed that no request was too much. I had the stomach flu the second day there and the staff bent over backwards trying to make me more comfortable and even gave me complimentary ice and other things to make my stay more pleasureable. I cannot say enough positive things about them.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a lovely boutique hotel that is intimate and doesn't scrimp on it's luxuries or service. Do be aware that the rooms are small because it is a boutique hotel. As long as you're aware that the hotel is what it is, I am sure you will love it. I cannot wait to return to my second home at The Prescott.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TeamJK
<Content>Very happy with the Prescott - stayed multiple times I disagree with the person who wrote the bad review below. I have stayed at the Prescott numerous times on business, and am very happy with the hotel. The rooms are cozy, very well appointed and very comfortable. The hotel itself is very nice and elegant. It is a small, boutique style hotel, located very close to Union Square.I've stayed on the club level many times, and the complimentary wine, hors d'oevures and breakfast are always nice. This time, however, I did not get the upgrade, and was wondering if I would be as happy. While I did miss the freebies, the room, amenities and service were just as good.Postrio is the restaurant in the hotel, and the food is outstanding (if a little pricey, but it is downtown SF). Only one problem - and it's a big problem - we have an 8 month old baby, we asked for a crib -- and the crib fell apart when he jumped around a little in it. It was poorly constructed. He came close to really hitting his head hard. Lesson learned for us.So - overall, a great hotel, but don't trust the crib they give you if you have a baby. Otherwise would have given an excellent rating.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kappy9857
<Content>Very Nice, Great Area I stayed there for 3 nights on business and was pleasantly surprised. The hotel looks great from the outside, and has charm on the inside. The staff at the front desk made me feel welcome after a long trip and the room was nicely decorated. While there wasn't much of a view, everything else was outstanding, plus it is near the cable cars on Powell Street and Union Square. I would definitely stay there again. The rooms were bigger than the Sir Francis Drake and Galleria Park.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Vanderfeld
<Content>Overprices hotel for poor experience HOTEL REVIEW OF THE PRESCOTT HOTEL 鈥?SAN FRANCISCO: I rarely take time to write a review on a hotel. Isn鈥檛 it easier just to be unhappy 鈥?and tell yourself you would never return again? But I feel compelled to write this 鈥?partly because others deserve to know 鈥?and party because this is the beauty of the internet. So others will know.I stayed at The Prescott over a long weekend in mid November of 2005. I was looking for a hotel room 鈥?and found that the Westin, Hyatt and other larger hotels were sold out due to several conventions in town. I opted for the 鈥渦pgraded Club Level鈥?at a price I thought reasonable if it lived up to expectations (in the low $200s). I was attracted by the several of the advertising words that The Prescott uses鈥? 鈥淪mall boutique hotel鈥uxury hotel鈥?or get this one: 鈥溾€rivate Union Square retreat鈥︹€?The hotel claims, 鈥渦nsurpassed luxury of our Club Level鈥? the Prescott Hotel, a Kimpton Hotel, offers a world-class luxury hotel experience for discriminating travelers.I don鈥檛 think so.First of all 鈥?this hotel, due to its history, is doomed to begin with. In its early days 鈥?the hotel was a small 鈥渟peak easy.鈥?The rooms are incredibly small 鈥?requiring you to either open the close door or the bathroom door. Not both at the same time. They do their best to distract you from the size 鈥?adding nice linens (now the trend for all) and giving you Aveda grooming products, as does the Westin. So, if the room is not so wonderful 鈥?then perhaps the service? They claim to give you 鈥溾€ervices expected from a Mobil Four-Star and AAA Four-Diamond luxury hotel.鈥?Such as what? Valet parking at the hotel is $38 per night. Although this is expected these days from most hotel rooms. They do offer preferred reservations at Postrio, a long ago inspiration from Wolfgang Puck who had now moved on. They talk about having twice daily maid service. But watch out. They will annoy you to death! The maids are told they must finish their work by 3:00. If you happen to be sleeping in late or come back to the room 鈥?and are not timed to their schedule, they will incessantly knock on your door and ask when the can service your room. Even if you hang your 鈥淒o not disturb sign鈥?out! I complained to the fron desk 鈥?and he simply said, 鈥淲e know 鈥?but if they don鈥檛 get them done 鈥?then they have to rush at the last minute and they don鈥檛 want to do that!鈥?What kind of service is that?The location is indeed a few blocks from Union Square. If you take the right streets back to the hotel 鈥?you are all right. If you deviate just a bit 鈥?you find yourself on streets where you are accosted 3-4 times every block by panders who want donations. But sadly 鈥?that is the case with many streets these days in downtown San Francisco.Do you get what you pay for? When paying the amount for The Club Level 鈥?you believe you are getting an upgrade. The rooms are still the same size. And in fact, getting to the rooms become a bit of a pain in the butt. For some reason 鈥?the hotel purchased the upper floors of a building behind the original building. In order to get to this famed CLUB LEVEL room 鈥?you must first take an elevator up to the fourth floor 鈥?and the walk across an enclosed ramp to take you to the back building. Once their, I had to take another elevator to the 7th floor and down a small hallway 鈥?in which my luggage and myself and to walk single file to get to the room. But wait 鈥?it should be worth it for the famous Postrio inspired happy hour? First of all 鈥?happy hour here is from 4:30 鈥?6:30. In San Francisco? Who goes to happy hour then? Usually 鈥?most hotels have happy hour from 6-8 鈥?so that you can have a cocktail before you go out to dinner. Not here. This is a chow line for cheap people who are being sure to get their monies worth. For this weekend 鈥?the lounge was filled with older folks who were in town to attend a local university football game. For this crowd 鈥?having unlimited martini鈥檚 at 4:30 in the afternoon is a plus. (And I must admit 鈥?they nice chap at the bar is charming and poured freely!) But surely the appetizers would be great? Well 鈥?get this. You think you are getting wonderful woodburning fireplace pizza from the famous Wolfgang Puck. Well 鈥?perhaps he did the dough. But that is about it. Poor Julio at The Prescott 鈥?the bartender in this small lounge just off the ramp between the two building is also a pizza cooker. He takes out frozen pizzas that are given to him, tosses on a few pieces of basil leaves or red peppers 鈥?and tosses them in a small convection oven in his little bar closet. He can do one little pizza at a time 鈥?and so the guests all wait around, knives and forks in hand 鈥?and when one gets done 鈥?he walks around sliding little pieces of the pizza, as he were feeding the seals down at Pier 39! And if this tastes like the pizza鈥檚 downstairs 鈥?then I think old Wolfgang has lost it. If I were him 鈥?I would be horrified to know that his food was being marketed and served this way! What is funny is that, on the one night when I tried this (and not again!), many of the individuals were commenting to each other that this would be their meal for the night. My gawd! Wrong crowd!Breakfast in the morning is one toaster with some bagels. A few kinds of cereal. And one large pot of coffee that burns after the first hour.The hotel advertisement claims that 鈥淲ith our exemplary service and attention to detail, you'll find that the Prescott Hotel, a Kimpton Hotel, offers some of the best accommodations in San Francisco.鈥?I have stayed at many hotel in San Francisco 鈥?and I assure you 鈥?it is not true. Spend the money at any of the other real four or five star hotels. Kimpsy claims that every hotel 鈥渢ells a story.鈥?I am not sure this is a good story. I caution you. Unless of course 鈥?you want to be a seal!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PinnellMom
<Content>Prescott Hotel - Great service We have just recently returned from a stay at the Prescott Hotel in San Fran. It is a small but lovely hotel with the staff bending over backwards to provide great service. Everyone was terrific. The rooms are typical of a smaller hotel, extremely clean, very quiet. The turn-down service was such a nice added touch, chocolates on the bed and classical music softly playing when we would return to the room. The restaurant connected was a little on the expensive and snobby side. I wanted to take a drink back to the room to enjoy in a more relaxing atmosphere and was rushed to order, to pay and to leave. The Prescott is right in Union Square, near shopping and the cable cars. I would definintely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OhioTraveler68
<Content>Highly recommend the Prescott I had a wonderful stay at the Prescott. The hotel is very well maintained and beautifully decorated. I am very particular about where I stay and am one of those people that needs to make sure that everything is clean, and I felt very comfortable here. The rooms were well appointed with quality linens, bath robes, and Aveda bath products which I just love. While many say the rooms are small, I found it was just fine for two people and for me I am more concerned with the quality and cleanliness for which I had no problems. I thought the turndown service with the chocolates was a nice touch, and of course I had to eat both of them :)We stayed in the Club Level and really enjoyed the breakfast and the evening cocktails/appetizers. The food was very well presented and of good quality. Additionally, I liked the comfort of the large chairs and living room environment. It really was a nice break in between the sight seeing and dinner. A good opportunity to unwind and socialize. We even ran into some fellow Buckeyes!The rooms were quiet and we heard no noise from the streets below. The beds were comfortable and we had no problems with the water or plumbing! Thank goodness, I was worried by some of the previous comments. We really enjoyed our stay and I would recommend it highly. The location is right in the heart of it all and perfect for connecting to all that you may want to see. We had dinner at Tiramisu at the recommendation of the concierge, and had a wonderful dinner. You should go if you get the chance!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! This hotel was perfect for our much-needed romantic get-away to San Francisco! We got the Romance package which was just $245 per night. That included a bottle of champagne, chocolates, and special bath items.The room was clean, fresh looking, and tasteful. The bathroom even had a jetted tub, which was a nice touch.The service was wonderful; the staff was attententive and prompt. The Club Level lounge was very nice for the complimentary morning breakfast and afternoon cocktails. Overall, a first-rate hotel.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anycurrentsea
<Content>A bit of Europe Definately a First Class Hotel. I recommend this hotel if you want luxury and ambience of a small European style hotel instead of the large, busy convention style hotels.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>squeaky wood floors My wife and I stayed at the Prescott August 26  27, 2005, because we generally like the Kimpton Group hotels and wanted to try a different one (we would normally stay at Palomar).We stayed in a club level room. It was tiny and seemed to be no different from the non-club level rooms that we peeked into whle they were being cleaned.Our major complaint is that the Prescott's floors are wood. So you hear every move that the guests above you make. Our upstairs neighbor seemed unusually restless at 3 am. Also, the cleaning staff made an unacceptable amount of noise at 8 am cleaning the room next door.Also, our room looked worn and dated. Like the hotel was last refreshed in the late 1980's. It's time for new carpet, wallpaper, and paint!As a final insult, a trim piece from my wife's car was missing when it was returned by the valet parking staff at the end of our stay. We've complained, but the hotel hasn't made it right yet.We wouldn't stay here again. The Palomar is a much better value within the Kimpton group hotels in San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>haneya
<Content>Great Birthday! My husband and I stayed at the Prescott for a long weekend for my birthday. The hotel was in the perfect location, only 2 blocks from union square. The hotel is smaller than a lot of the chains but it has such a cozy feeling. We upgraded to the club level which was fabulous. The rooms were not large but they were beautiful. When you stay in the club level you get to use the club lounge which had breakfast and a bar. The continental breakfast was very nice and they had an open bar and munchies from 4:30-6:30 every evening. They served yummy pizza from the wolfgang puck restaurant next door.Everyone at the hotel was super nice and the best part is that they didn't charge us for the upgrade. I think because I told them it was my birthday.....as an aside, if you go to chinatown you must eat at the house of nam king...it is the best chinese I have ever had. (the decor leaves much to be desired but the food is great)  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for the solo traveler The Prescott was the perfect hotel for me as a solo (female) traveler in San Francisco. I received a surprisingly low rate for 5 nights w/air on Expedia - did not expect that I could afford the Prescott based on earlier rates I saw. The location on Post was 2 blocks from downtown/Union Square action, but on a more quiet street. Yes, there was construction across the street (and I had a street level room), but I didn't notice the noise. Excellent bed/pillows, very clean, safe block. Loved the small room; there would have been plenty of space for another person's stuff. Just one complaint - the toilet seemed ready to back up the entire time I was there, but thankfully never did. Shower pressure was excellent, but taller persons than me (5'9) might wish for a higher shower head. Plenty of counter space in the bathroom for my toiletries. Complimentary Aveda products were appreciated, as well as chocolate every evening! I would definitely recommend the Prescott.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sojournsplenty
<Content>rooms are small/service is big My husband and I spent 6 enjoyable nights at the Prescott. The hotel offers all the amenities of a deluxe hotel: terry robes, makeup mirror, in-room safe (large enough for laptop), twice a day maid service, etc. Rooms are small (typical for the city) but clean and well appointed with excellent beds! Entire staff friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful whether for restaurant recommendations or public transportation to attractions. The location is central, though construction across the street could make front-facing rooms noisy. Just prior to our stay, my husband was nearby at the Sir Francis Drake on business, which he described as dark, dated, also small rooms, and not as guest-friendly for almost twice the price.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just average - try somewhere else if you want something special A friend and I stayed at the Prescott for 6 nights and were not overly impressed. We had one of the rooms with 2 double beds and it was really small - I have no idea how you would fit 4 people in there. The bathroom in particular was small. We asked about a larger room but they only have the same size room for 2 beds. Our toilet backed up during the stay and they were quick to fix it, but we continued to have problems with it. In addition, there was contruction being done on the street outside the windows that started at 7 am and made it difficult to sleep. The concierge was usually very helpful and friendly, although we had an emergency situation during one of the nights and the night staff was not knowledgable. The furnishings were very nice and the room was cleaned well each day, and the beds were very comfortable. The hotel restaurant was excellent, although one of the more expensive in the city. The hotel was downtown and close to shops and Union Square, but there are tons of other hotels in that area. Not a horrible experience, but I'll be trying somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superior service at the Prescott! My husband and I are a young couple, so we wanted to get the best value for our money when we were looking for hotels to stay at in San Francisco. However, we wanted to feel comfortable and slightly pampered at our hotel too, as well as stay at a place with a good location in downtown. The Prescott exceeded all of our expectations. It's located in Union Square right next to the 2 main cable car lines, so we were able to enjoy riding the cable cars and had quick access to all the places we wanted to visit. The Prescott is a smaller hotel so they are able to provide superior service to all of their guests. The staff was so friendly and courteous--every member of the staff greeted us with a smile and How are you doing? throughout our stay. Our room was always clean and well-maintained, and the cleaning staff always came at the perfect time. Our room was always clean by 10 or 11am, which is earlier than I have seen at other hotels. The concierge recommended a restaurant to us for each night of our stay and helped us plan a biking trip around the Golden Gate Bridge. The bell staff was very helpful and polite, in fact, one member of the staff, Mike, suggested an amazing drive past Carmel to Big Sur, which ended up being one of the higlights of our trip!! We had to wait a bit long for our car to be brought up (I think this is due to the fact that the staff is smaller than what you have at a bigger hotel). This is the only reason I rated the Prescott as above average and not excellent. It was really the only complaint we had, if you consider that a complaint. We would definitely go back to the Prescott in the future! If you want a friendly, smaller hotel that is elegantly and comfortably furnished, the Prescott is for you.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paule305
<Content>Prescott Hotel offers great location to Union Square We spent a Saturday night at this boutique type hotel. It is a 7 story old wood framed building with wood subfloors and with many of the old wood sash windows still in place.The subfloors have the occasional creeky sound to them in the hallways and the rooms. It has been kept up in terms of cosmetic detail, such as carpets, wallpaper, and painting. Elevators are the small type and the building still has the classic stairwell design on all floors. The rooms are small, but the finish details such as the big 12 wood baseboards, the chair rail tend to give it a nice architectual feel. The bed, sheets, and toppings are very comfortable. The bathrooms are long and narrow but offer an adequate area. Hallways are warm in color and well lighted. The morning continental breakfast on the 4th floor is a very comfortable setting. With many overstuffed type chairs and some tables to pick your spot to choose from 4 cereals, fresh fruit, from apples to strawberries, watermelon, and bananas. Toaster for bagels and a few fruit juices are also available as well as a few morning newspapers. Had a triple AAA rate of $152. 00 and parking was an additional $36.00. We missed the complimenatary wine night on the !st floor but it has a nice setting with a fireplace and many seats. The staff from the doorman, valet parking and clerks all were professional and accomodating.and we were allowed late checkout at 2:30 pm. Have stayed at many properties in the Union Square area and this certainly will be one my wife and I return to visit. The Prescott Hotel has a charm and a warm feel to it as an older property and the location does not get any better for that area.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jap86
<Content>Wonderful hotel; great location; great service We just returned from four nights at the Prescott and had a wonderful stay. The location of this hotel is great and we were able to walk everywhere. The service was excellent and the rooms were very nice, although our room (one king bed) was quite small.We stayed on the Club level, which I would highly recommend. You get a great continental breakfast (juice, fruit, great pastries, bagels, cereal, coffee, tea) and an open bar cocktail hour (actually two hours) every afternoon. Snacks are provided by Postrio, one of the top restaurants in SF. Also with the Club rooms you get your choice of morning newspaper (SF Chronical, NY Times, or USA Today) and free shoe shines.All in all we had a great visit to San Francisco, made even better by staying at the Prescott. We'll be sure to stay there again next time.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>road_ready
<Content>Halloween in SF, at the Prescott We visited SF for 3 nights over the recent Halloween weekend. THe primary purpose of the trip was for me to attend the AES (Audio Engineering Society) annual convention at the Moscone Center. (imagine many thousands of recording engineers drooling over the latest expensive equipment exhibits). But the convention would only take up 10 or 12 hours of my time, so we decided to make the trip into a family vacaction, the two of us AND our little Rosebud, a half Chihauhau / half Dachshund mix that was liberated from the local shelter earlier this year. We decided to drive from LA to SF (why doesn't Amtrak accept pets?!?) and that brings up one of the few negatives about the Prescott. I can understand expensive valet parking if you need access to your car, but if you are going to check in and not touch your vehicle until checkout, there should be less expensive options than $35/night plus tax.The staff at the hotel appeared very happy to greet Rosebud upon our arrival. We were staying at a discounted rate due to the hotel's offer to match any rate from any online booking service. In addition to matching the rate, for booking directly with the hotel, we received a room upgrade and an offer of late checkout. The room was larger than I had be led to expect based on other reviews. For a small hotel nearly 100 years old, the room was larger and nicer than most, certainly in this price range. Someone used to staying in top luxury hotels would have felt quite comfortable here. (Note that our room was a good bit larger than the standard basic room.) We also had a view out the front of the hotel, across Post St. - nothing spectacular, but nicer than an alley or interior shaft.The hotel has minimal public space, just a single mid-sized room behind the small lobby. But this room includes a fireplace, a small bar where wine is served every afternoon at 5pm and a pair of internet access PCs. Its a comfortable space when you want to get out of your room for a while without leaving the hotel. The hotel is connected to the adjacent Postrio restaurant, another Wolfgang Puck creation, but a big step up from his mid-level cafes that you find in touristy shopping areas. Postrio is a serious restaurant with very good food. We had no plans to dine there, but one night we found ourselves looking for a decent place at 10:30pm and Postrio was the only place we could find that was still open. We are very glad we ended up there - it wasn't cheap, but it was worth what they charged. Postrio is also responsible for the room service in the hotel, which means good food, but only from 6am until midnight; we are big fans of 24hr room service, but we got by with the limited hours and good food available from Postrio.I can't really comment about the Club Level other than I don't think its necessary as long as you get an upgraded room on a non-club level floor. I can certainly recommend room 317 as very nice for a moderate sized, non-suite room. Overall, we had a great time, the staff were very nice to Rosebud and we would certainly stay there again. (especially recommended for anyone travelling with their dog! Although we only met two other couples who had their dogs with them, the hotel seems to do everything they can to make you feel welcome with your dog.)  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Comfortable. The Prescott is one of the most comfortable hotels I have ever stayed at. The beds are wonderful and the towels are fluffy and soft. The rooms are very small; and the view out of the room is bland. BUT, it's only a couple of blocks from Union Square, it's walking distance to a number of breakfast places and if you get a chance, have lunch at the restaurant. It's superb.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bchiarut
<Content>Good location but need investment Stayed there mid Sept. The location is great as it is really 2 blocks from the cable car and the shopping district.The service was OK but not excellent. The rooms need some investment but it is still acceptable.Don't have a breakfast room and only offer coffee in their lobby. This is not what I expected from this level of hotel in the US.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sirdarby
<Content>Really Good but not flawless Let me say that overall my wife and I enjoyed our stay very much. This is an exclusive, high-end hotel that offers privacy and comfort without a lot of hustle-bustle. This is exactly what we needed. If you are looking for new and contemporary, this is not the place. We arrived last week in the midst of the Hotel Union strike so we were pleasantly surprised that none of the Prescott Employees were striking. As we walked around the city, employees at other hotels were really causing a stir. Presott employees seemed happy and content to be there.Overall the staff was pleasant and the accommodations welcoming. I especially thought the maids and technical support staffs were bending over backwards to please us (very timely and prompt). I enjoyed the complimentary Aveda products in the room and the candy in the honor bar was fresh. Room service was prompt. The linen was high end and very nice. This Hotel was not like traditional chain ones, it was much better, more on the scale of a bed and breakfast. Quaint and antiquey (if that's a word). We were provided with a free upgrade that had no view. Both windows were blocked by the walls of the parking deck. Didn't bother us other than I could not get cell phone reception. The water pressure was hot and strong (great assets). The room also had a Jacuzzi tub (great if you are into that). The gym was small but well stocked with all the equipment I like. High end Elyptical and bicycles and a universal machine. This was great. The Hotel was more of a boutique place and we both loved it. The complimentary wine each evening was a plus. Red and chilled white in a self serve setting. Some cheese and crackers would have made it better but the wine was good and plentiful. We often took advantage before dinner. Proximity to the shopping district downtown was awesome. We walked everywhere and the shuttle we took to the wharf was free because the trolley was out. What was not good:We were never able to get internet access in our room. And access from the lobby was expensive and not geared towards long time use. The technician tried to hook us up in our room but after installing 2 different types of modem equipment, they not only were not able to deliver, but the follow up was poor. We were told we would be contacted with an explanation or a solution but were not. When we inquired again, the front desk offered to allow us to use theirs, but it was not convenient. We had expected to conduct several hours of business from our room. Therefore, if you are planning a business stay, you may want to acquire the necessary assurances so this won't happen to you.Concierege and front desk staff curb staff etc.:Good service but splotchy. I suggest they may need some cultural sensitivity training to learn how to be more accomodating to minorities. There was a consistent hint of Are you sure you are in the right place? When dealing with agents other than those who knew us from initially checking in. When our cab first arrived, the bellman did not greet us and we handled our own bags. When he later saw us checking in at the front desk, he seemed surprised. Upon check out, instead of hailing a cab for us, he strongly insisted we take a private car. This was OK I guess, but the way he handled it was a little curt, as if I did not have common sense. In a nutshell, I would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brucer1
<Content>Great Hosts A busy place but not too busy to answer your questions and try to meet your needs. The staff is great and the wine social hour is lots of fun meeting new people from all-over the world. A little spendy but you deserve it .  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moose19
<Content>Good stay! I really would give this 4.5 of 5 stars if I could. We had a club level room which I would recommend. The staff was helpful and courteous at all times. The happy hour was great. We had a problem getting our wireless internet to work but we called down and they brought us a bridge which worked like a charm. I only have a few nitpicky issues... first of all, there is not enough seating in the club lounge. People were balancing their plates on their knees during the breakfast and a lot of people were having a hard time trying to find a place to sit. The lounge atmosphere is great with the large chairs, etc., but it's really not practical for breakfast. Also, the food at the breakfast was not that impressive--just a lot of carb-loading! Bagels, bread, cereal, and pastry. Finally, I agree with one reviewer who said the sheets were a little scratchier than what you might expect at a supposedly fairly luxurious hotel. As you can see, these are minor issues and they would not prevent me from staying there again. Overall I thought it was great!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prescott was great! We spent 4 nights at the Prescott was were very impressed. Heavenly bed similar to the Westin and high end extras. Free coffee in the morning and a happy hour in the afternoon. The location was great. Staff were very helpful and polite. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morellyn
<Content>Enjoyable but Tiny Boutique My wife and I stayed here for a night last month, and had a decent experience. We got a relatively good deal on Hotwire for this hotel (@$135 all inclusive), which was listed as a Favorite. It's a small boutique hotel with some charm and a truly wonderful restaurant, though we had a few issues. The room was nice enough, but quite small, reminiscent of European hotels (though actually almost all of our rooms in France were bigger). In fact, our bed was supposed to be king-sized, but looked suspiciously like a double. It was probably for the best, since I'm not sure a king would have fit in that room. The bathroom was clean, but with an almost comical lack of shelf space. We were having to balance our toiletries on the sink and the bath basin with little success. And despite a request for a higher level room (it's a small building), we endured an amazing amount of noise from below. I don't think we were located above the Postrio bar if my orientation was correct, so I'm not sure of the noise's source. But it was as though we were next door to a very lively party until after 11 PM. The sheets were a little scratchy for a nice hotel, though the furnishings were generally nice, but we felt somewhat cramped. We dined at Postrio that evening, and the food was heavenly. The prices were stratospheric as well, but I guess you have to indulge sometimes, and the tasting menu was a definite hit with both my wife and myself. The concierge was generally helpful, with a nice young lady named Amy procuring us tickets to an apparently very popular show, Beach Blanket Babylon (side note: avoid this, unless your love for follies-type shows can overcome being VERY crowded and without A/C for a couple of hours). Altogether, the staff was quite friendly and helpful, and even insisted on serving us some wine a few minutes after the complimentary daily wine tasting had ended. It's a decent hotel, with a very good staff and wonderful restaurant, but the cramped rooms and excessive noise may mar an otherwise recommended experience. On the other hand, friends of ours stayed there a couple of nights after we checked out, and loved the place, though they admitted the rooms were a bit small. But they had no problems with noise, so in all fairness, that may well have been an unfortunate coincidence. I'd probably rank it a 3.5 of 5 if I had the ability.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JulesAnne
<Content>Prescott - A lifesaver THe Prescott came to my aid after I left another hotel around the block which could n't provide high speed access. They set me up with a wireless bridge which worked perfectly with my laptop. I had no problem with cell phone reception in my room and probaly made 50 calls at the time. THe only reason I didn't give this lovely hotel excellent is due to the limited room service. It is difficult to find a place in the neighbourhood to get a reasonably priced meal - you don't want $30.00 entrees every night.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel great for the leisure traveller, don't try it for business I travel to San Francisco fairly frequently and have tried a number of hotels during my visits. I decided to try something different during my most recent trip that was at the end of April, 2004.The hotel is very conveniently located right by Union Square and not too expensive -- a regular room rate at this time was about $180. I decided to stay in what the Prescott considered a suite with a separate living room so I could conduct some meetings in the suite rather than book a separate meeting room which tends to be more formal anyway. I arrived at the hotel and found out that my suite was not anywhere close to any suite I have ever seen. The living area of the suite couldn't have been much for than 100 square feet and in no way could accommodate the meetings I was going to be doing. This, to be fair, is not entirely the hotel's fault as I didn't check them thoroughly enough, but the descriptions on their website were a little misleading.The room themselves were fine. Nothing remarkable or fancy. My biggest complaint about my room, and most of the hotel (except for the very front of the lobby) is that I could not get a wireless reception for my cell phone anywhere. This may not be important when travelling on vacation, but can be a big issue when your lifeline to people who are trying to get in contact with you is cut off because the hotel hasn't installed the necessary repeaters on their roof to allow wireless connectivity.The room service was limited as the hotel did not have its own kitchen per se, but you were able to order room service from the restaurant Postrio next door. The food is quite good, but very limited even by room service standards. This was not a huge deal as there are many places within a two block radius to get many different types of cuisine.The concierge staff was very good, and most all of the employees were extremely well trained. Being a boutique hotel with a small number of rooms is a plus as you don't feel as if you (or the staff) are being overwhelmed with a lot of people. The fact that the hotel is a boutique is its greatest strength and greatest weakness. It has the nice feel and service of a boutique without the amenities of a bigger, more business oriented hotel.I would definitely stay at the hotel again, but not for business. Having to stand outside at 3:30 a.m. to try to get e-mail and mobile phone reception to handle something that was happening back on the East Coast was enough to dissuade me from staying there again for work. However, if I was travelling to San Fran for a nice weekend, I would definitely consider it.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Service at the Prescott in Impecable The Prescott is home away from home. Impecable service, friendly and extremelly professional. I have been a repeat guest for many years and trhough management and staff changes I have always found that there is a continuous improvement.I could not believe the previous review for my experience is nothing but the exact opposite. I am a guest with some frequency and always meet other guests that share the same feeling; of being welcomed back with sincerity and most importantly that the staff cares.Great value, excellent service and I highly recommend  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kimpton Group Member got disregarded, club level not worth the price difference Stayed at the Prescott for 2 nights on Feb 13  14. Had a club level king suite. Club Level - not worth the price difference. You get a continental breakfast (most hotels include this anyhow) and afternoon reception with postrio pizza. One small pizza is available every 20 minutes or so for 35 to 40 people. Otherwise they do have cheese, grapes, and crackers (big deal). I guess if you are an alcoholic than the reception would be worth the $70 to $80 price difference. Also, they totally disregarded my Kimpton Hotel Group membership which Prescott is a part of and they refused to give me the 10% discount I should have gotten as a member. On my member profile I requested a room away from the elevator and they booked me right next to the elevator! Luckily the room was pretty quiet, which is what I wanted. The bed was really comfortable which was nice but to my disgust they don't use comforter covers only flat sheets to cover the comforter and I found I was sleeping next to what looked liked blood stains, just disgusting. Needless to say the maid changed the comforter the next day. The rooms are nice overall, although some of the furniture and fixtures are worn. Oh by the way, NO VIEW anywhere in the hotel, just looks out into the alley and other hotel guests, I had to keep the drapes drawn the whole time. The location was great, can't beat it. You don't need a car there, as cable cars and buses are nearby, buy a muni pass which will cover the trolleys, cable cars and buses. Overall the hotel was okay, not worth the price, San Francisco I enjoyed as always.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yatmeh
<Content>classy yet friendly   showReview(1547386, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Prescott Hotel...Nice Place to Stay.   showReview(1496944, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fcfrag
<Content>very disappointing   showReview(1273057, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hammer58
<Content>Great stay   showReview(1221753, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing at the Prescott   showReview(1121605, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prescott Hotel is a Gem!   showReview(921977, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SuzannePC
<Content>Great boutique hotel   showReview(836967, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boutique   showReview(697827, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lumutraba
<Content>Mejor de lo esperado   showReview(20389043, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Formidable   showReview(20549811, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne surprise   showReview(18525525, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚ne Zimmer, gute Lage   showReview(18525524, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Guter Ausgangspunkte   showReview(16596031, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon emplacement mais un peu d茅莽ue   showReview(15567441, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Boutique-Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(15567442, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione centrale   showReview(14735747, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ok dans l'ensemble mais des r茅serves   showReview(14735748, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Delizioso!   showReview(14735746, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>"servizio eccelente ma camera rumorosa "   showReview(13977484, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gcf_deoliveira
<Content>excellent hotel 脿 san francisco   showReview(8366339, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Boutique hotel   showReview(11334175, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

