<Author>Seein'_the_world
<Content>No freebies here--even parking costs $$ We'll go back to Embassy Suites where the parking is free, the room has a mini-fridge and microwave, free bottled water, and a cooked-to-order breakfast is included.The Red Lion is a lovely hotel, but it is no bargain. AFTER checking in the desk clerk informed us we had to BUY a parking permit. Signs in the lobby and the room informed us that free toiletries were available. My companion ran out of shaving cream. The desk clerk told him they were out of shaving cream.The room was large and comfortable but the mini-fridge had been removed (we need it for medication). No microwave either! We had a cold breakfast the next morning. It wouldn't have been such a disappointment if breakfast came with the room. Bottled water was placed in the room with tags of $2 apiece. When checking out, the desk clerk demands to know if the bottled water was drunk so the room could be charged.The bathroom was tiny. Such a fancy hotel, and yet a grade-school size toilet is wedged between the bathtub and the wall. The builder should have made the room a teensy bit smaller and expanded the bathroom. Gregory's, the restaurant next door but affiliated with the hotel provided excellent food and excellent service at slightly high but not unreasonable prices. So the areas where Red Lion falls short are: no free parking, tiny bathrooms, no mini-fridge or microwave, really bad creamer with the coffee service, advertise free toiletries but not necessarily available. Red Lion's good points? The large room was clean and nicely decorated.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrispie
<Content>Not impressed - dirty. We went to the red lion for the park fly and stay deal since we were going to be gone for 3 weeks we couldn't beet the price $130 plus $100 for the extra parking...total 230 for parking 3 weeks and a hotel cheapest price that i found. The front desk was very friendly and helpful but the room was dirty. Duaghter pulled back her sheets and found a hair on the bed..yuck, could tell they just sprayed the blankets ( a common practice with alot of the hotels if you don't know) not clean. My 12 year old was turned off so that tells you there...she doesn't really care about that stuff. Not impressed at all, made it look really nice online but rooms definately were gross!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sonics
<Content>Wow what a change-for the worse It saddens me to write this. I was one who back in 2004  2005 that raved about this hotel. There is nothing to rave about. I can not think of one positive thing to say. Obviously this managemnet team does not know what they are doing. Dumb- no business rooms, no printer for the compuer center, no sign of decent-consistant signal, they repalce the beds-but the capets are worn out, the furniture is beat up, and the drapes need cleaning. Ah so what they added Bath  Body, but you have the most worn out towls and face cloths, there is no restaraunt or lounge which I thought was a Red Lion no-no-(No roaring start breakfast here). Oh yes, this place puts in Tully's coffee. They can spend money on that but not on a place to eat. The outside locks that do not work half the time, and they have been promising for what ,1 year and six months that we are under new management with a new direction. The new management has suceeded. The hotel is in worse shape than it was 2 -3 years ago, and that mention of promises to improve is nothing but a farce. I will not stay here  my staff will not stay here. Red Lion Corporation is to be blamed for this-its all about the smoke and mirrors.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	1	1	

<Author>zags40
<Content>Red Lions have really gone down hill What a terrible experience. The only good things were the new coffee shop in the lobby and apparently they didn't charge me for my room. The front desk is so non-verbal I'm really not sure of anything. Checking in, the front desk gal continually yawned (and it was 6pm). She barely spoke to me. I had stayed here before and wasn't pleased but the hotel is close to my clients and I read they had renovated. What I found was a scary, dirty, smelly place. I asked for a safe room and was put as far away from the front desk as possible. The halls are dark and scary and I did not see another soul. My room had a strong smell of some kind of cleaning detergent that made my eyes water and gave me a headache. The bedding and towels all had this STRONG oder. I know there are worse odors, but this one was burning. My window would not lock and the sheets were stained. I considered asking to be moved to another room, but I felt my chances of getting anything better were slim.I will never stay here again and may never stay at another Red Lion.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>youngish
<Content>Okay for the discounted price, definitely not worth the normal $89 - $129 Stayed here 3 nights. Because of all the rotten reviews of this hotel, I was dreading our stay. It was not an outstanding hotel, but I've certainly stayed in worse. Here are my thoughts:Pros - 1. Comfortable bed, lots of pillows, clean linens and towels. 2. The bathroom was clean.3. Toiletries are an extra touch.Cons - 1. Paper thin walls and doors. Expect to hear your neighbors and those in the hallway.2. No wi-fi in the hotel rooms. You have to go to the lobby and sit with your laptop to get internet access.3. The business center consists of one computer in the lobby with NO printer - no way to print, even for a fee.4. On our 3rd morning, we left the hotel early. Came back that evening and the room had not been cleaned, the bed was unmade, dirty towels on the floor, no new toiletries. I called the front desk - was met with rude help. I explained the circumstances. No apology or offer to remedy the situation. I finally asked if I could come to the front desk and pick up some clean towels and the woman at the desk answered, Yeah, that's okay.5. The halls could use better lighting.6. Dirty stairwells.7. No elevator (consider this if you have difficulty navigating stairs, or carrying luggage up the stairwell.)7. On the 3rd evening, the t.v. would not work. They gave us a new room. Then in the new room, there was no keyboard for the t.v. internet.The hotel is located in an industrial district, which did not bother me a bit. Nice coffee shop in the lobby. I paid $55 per night on Priceline. It would not have been worth more, but at that price was okay.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>jammike
<Content>Horrible and unsafe Hotel for any Price I ended up in this hotel for 2 days as I had booked thru Priceline. Based on my experience, I will never book a hotel thru priceline again.I had requested a ground floor room 2 weeks before going to the hotel and was confirmed one over the phone. However when we reached over there, we were given only 1 king bed room instead of 2 queen bed room and that also on the second floor. The Front deks was totally unresponsive.As soon as we reached the second floor, the odor was overpowering in the corridor and the room. They have a central A/c and Heat and you cant select it. They had heat turned on even though it wasnt very cold. Since we turned the heat off, there was no air circulation in the room. When I checked the window, there was no safety latch and any body could open it from outside. The front desk offered to change the room but the 2nd room was even worse. There is no internet in the room, no microwave(I requested for it multiple times as my child was sick), no refrigerator, no complimentary breakfast. Worst thing is that the management is aware of all the shortcomings but dont give a damn about it. To top all this, they had a wedding ceremony in the hotel and the noise from the dance floor kept us up all night. Next morning, we noticed flies coming out of the air vent. That was it. We immediately checked out of the hotel even though we were booked for 2 days. Moved to the ramada Inn near by which was way better with no issues.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	1	

<Author>rackerman
<Content>Awful time in Seattle Hotel was below standard. No air conditioning. Noisy. We were first booked into a room that somebody was already in. Then we were not registered correctly and thought to be checked out. The room was not cleaned and supplied with fresh towels and toiletries. On our second night our room was booked to someone else, while we were in it. Very poor service and very poor management. Very disappointed by the whole experience.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lucyAtlanta_GA
<Content>Not as Bad as it sounds Booked through Priceline..then read the reviews and wished we hadn't. After dropping my dad off at the Sleep Inn by the airport we headed to the Red Lion Inn ready to make a bee line back to the Sleep Inn and pay 2 x's our Priceline price if necessary. The young girl working the desk on Thursday 9/13 was very friendly and had us checked in in no time. When we entered the hallway there was an odor, but not unbearable. The hallways were very dimly lit, but we had expected this. Our room was open when we got there and they key didn't work. We called down to the desk and they brought us another one that did. It also worked on the security doors - which were locked - but not on the second night. Had to go to the desk and get a new one. Seems each key is deactivated each night, no matter how long you are staying. The room was clean and the bath products were nice. No smell in the room. Had read about the curtains being sheer to that was expected. Woke up to blinding light on the first morning, only to find out that night - through some persistent looking and poking - that there are heavy curtains behind the sheers. You really can't see them because of the decorated panels on the end, but they are there, strange place to put them. Hadn't been told there was any breakfast so not disappointed there. Who wants to eat in the hotel anyway, with all the other great choices available downtown. Overall not the best, but not the worst. Only paid $45.00 a night, so I guess we got what we paid for. Never felt unsafe and it really was a very comfortable bed with tons of pillows. I guess we either got lucky or they are making some improvement.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>mollenkopf
<Content>terrible place to stay This hotel does not deserve to be called a Red Lion Hotel. I have stayed at Red Lion Hotels throughout the West and never have I had such a miserable experience. The hotel should not be open until it is completely renovated. It doesn't deserve even a one star rating because it is so run down. Unsuspecting guests book rooms on line and credit cards are billed immediately for the duration of the visit. Terrible place to stay!! The service is lousy and the rooms are dismal and dirty! Our shower had mold in it. It seems that many of the customers are placed there for one night stays as part of package deals before they leave on one of the alaskan cruises. All the guests we met were complaining. Even their $50 printer in the lobby was broken in the small communication center. They advertise that breakfast goes with the hotel booking and when you get there you find out that you won't receive one. There is no restaurant associated with the place as it is shut down. The hotel should be shut down as well.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelalotfortechies
<Content>Needs Staff, Needs Repairs, Poor Security, Disappointed ! Interesting place to stay if you are into...living through minimal staffing, rooms in need of wallpaper and window screen repair, soiled  stained room furniture (gross), torn shower drapes, outside security doors that don't lock. Plus returning late at night to your 3-day, fully paid-for room  discovering that you have been issued magnetic door lock cards that have been deactivated after the first day (nice touch at 11:00 PM); room service that has been missed (towels  room clean-up that has been skipped or missed by housekeeping staff); sealed bags of trash and excess furniture left outside rooms in hallways for days on end....and banquent facitlities that are left open and uncleared for 2 days following social gatherings. In short...save your money, this Red Lion location is a post dorm party catastrophy in the making! One of the poorest maintained, poorest staffed motels we've stayed at in the past 10 years...rate this one as 1/2 star, may it RIP : ( A piss-poor excuse for an accommodation at any price.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	2	

<Author>LetsBeFrank
<Content>Dread Lion ! Got the room on priceline, and then read some of the reviews. They had me a little gun shy, but figured we'd only be there one night. How bad could it be? After getting into Seattle from the east coast at Midnight and spending about an hour waiting in line for my rental car, I was anxious to hit the sack and get a good nights sleep before our drive to Eastern Washington the next day. Pulled into the dread lion around 1:30 am. Walked to the front desk and was greeted by a professional staff member , err...., a guy with a dirty , wrinkled, untucked shirt, who I was amazed was actually able to get me my key. As soon as we unlocked the entry door to the hallway, my wife, daughter and I were hit by a terrible odor in the hallway. It smelled like butt and scotch, with a little marlboro thrown in to add to the ambiance, It really did. At this point it was no longer funny, we felt UNSAFE as there were several hall doors and room doors propped open with towels. A chair was sitting in the hallway across from our room door. It looked like a cross between a fraternity and a crack house. Suprisingly our room was comfortable, plenty of towels , bath and body works , and nice pillow top beds. Unfortunately, I was not able to sleep well as I had serious concerns about this place. We got up early and showered and left as soon as we could in the morning. I have had many great experiences with Priceline before, but got burned on this one! Simply terrible.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Traveler1066
<Content>Avoid at all costs. The positive experiences associated with this property:The front desk staff on duty at 10 pm August 29, 2007The shuttle van driver for the 7 am shuttle, August 30, 2007The negative experiences associated with this property:The entrance to the guest area appeared to be accessible only by room key. In fact, at the two entrances I tried, neither was locked. No guest security at all. The hall had random abandoned chairs and benches.My first room, 265, had a king bed. I was unable to find the TV remote. The front desk brought up a spare. When I pulled back the covers, I found the remote in the sheets. The sheets were dirty.My second room, 248, had clean sheets on both queen beds. However, there were used tissues on the floor hidden by the bedspread. The bedside table drawer contained a half full box of condoms. The deadbolt lock lever was missing. The front desk clerk who was on duty at 6:45 am August 30, 2007, had ordered a taxi for another guest. When the 鈥渢axi鈥?arrived, it was a Lincoln driven by an older gentleman and did not display any taxi signs, names, or meter. Prior to departing, the older gentleman tried to hand off what appeared to be a kickback to the desk clerk. This same guest told a similar story of filthy sheets, waiting 30 minutes for clean sheets which she put on, and a bath with hairballs.I have stayed at Red Lion Hotels before and been pleased. This property is a disgrace.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	5	4	-1	

<Author>SherriFay
<Content>Poor customer service We booked our room in January of 2007 at a rate of $69 a night. We knew it was in an industrial area and close to the Museum of flight, which was our primary reason for staying there. We arrived just after 3:00PM. Check in is after 3:00PM. We waited 5 minutes before being helped, then we were told the room wasn't ready. We waited in the lobby, that was still under construction and 10 minutes later we were told it was ready. There is no breakfast, as the construction is still in progress. Tully's is in the lobby for coffee, or juice products. They do have an ice machine and Pepsi prodcuts in veding machine. We went down the dark hall, poor lighting, and approached our room, only to find it still being cleaned. We were told to come back in 15 minutes. We did, still not ready. We waited another 10 minutes and finally it was ready, so we weren't able to get in the room until 4:20PM, almost an hour from when we first arrived. I was afraid to go in the room, by the looks of the lobby and hallway leading to the room, however, it was clean and nice. The beds comfortable. We'd leave early each day and come and go, and the room was never cleaned until 4:00 or later every day. They have poor customer service and really need to improve greatly. Okay place if your not into fancy or good customer service. Good Bath  body products, coconut lime verbena.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Shopper1California
<Content>I wouldn't recommend this Hotel to anyone, GROSS!!!!!! We booked this hotel through our Travel Agent because we needed a place to leave our car for 7+ days. Red Lion usually has a good reputation so I figured it would be okay. It took us 12 hours to drive to this hotel from where we lived so we were very tired and ready to get into our room. Well, when we drove up I knew it was going to be bad. It looked dreadful. And for $159.00 a night I surely expected better. We checked in and headed to our room. When we opened the door they had given us a room that hadn't been made up yet. So my husband went to let them know. They gave us another room supposedly a non smoking room. When we opened the door it smelled so badly of cigarettes. The carpet was disgusting it was stifling hot and no way to control the A/C. The room faced what looked like a court yard and thats where the employees took there cigarette breaks so I couldn't open the windows, plus I would not have felt safe due to the area the Hotel was located. The shear curtains had pieces of what looked like Strawberry cheesecake splattered on them and part of one wall. The clock was gone and there was no Iron. We ask for a 6:00 am wakeup call I was feeling a little uneasy about if they would call or not so I set my cell phone as a back up. Turns out it was a good thing because they never called us. Only enough towels for two people and we were a family of four. When we asked for more towels they brought them to our room and she apologized that she could only give us hand towles and wash clothes because the person with the key to the main storage was not at the Hotel at the time. When I went to the front desk to get an iron they were very surprised there wasn't one. I also mentioned to them that the room smelled liked cigarettes and I suggested to them to only give that room to a smoker next time. They offered to change our room again I said  no thanks that would be our third room in 15 minutes.  I just wanted to go to sleep so I could hurray and leave in the morning. When we went to their little cafe they didn't have any food because it hadn't came in. By morning however they did have a little food to offer. I will say the staff was very nice and helpful and they had a free shuttle to the airport which was wonderful. The young man that drove us to the airport was very nice. I would not ever stay there again nor would I recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>fishman620
<Content>Better than some park and flys We needed a 14 day park and fly at SeaTac. This hotel has a decent price for that because most will charge you a parking fee after 7 days. Although I hear now that the Red Lion South is also charging after 7 days parking which will make it not as good of a value. The rooms are clean and it will be really nice once the remodeling is done, I hope they don't raise their prices because of it. It takes about 10 minutes to get to the airport from there but we liked that because you couldn't hear the air traffic. We would stay here again if the prices aren't too high.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>empyhed
<Content>worst Ive ever seen Don't do it! Im stuck here for a week on buisness. horrible location, no food or drink anywhere nearby (unless you want to live on coffee shop sandwiches) No Wi-fi, Shabby unkempt rooms. A free shuttle to the flight museum dosent cut it as an ammenity. Lets see, Clueless inept staff, random debris and furniture cluttering all the hallways. This has got to be the worst place Ive ever been stranded. Enough to turn me away from the entire Red Lion chain for good. Dont do it,no matter what  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>AirPirate
<Content>It's OK It's way out of the way and under renovation, but it does the job. Don't understand why they even bother having windows, they all face the parking lot with cars staring straight into the rooms (you'll close the blinds and never open them again). It's ok, but from a Red Lion, you do expect more.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	1	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>libran1975
<Content>Not as bad as others here make it sound I read all the reviews of this hotel before my vacation. I was so worried that it was going to be horrible, that I almost booked a second reservation elsewhere just in case it was as bad as people made it out to be. It wasn't.First, I called the day before I left to confirm my reservation. The person that answered the phone was very poliet and professional. They confirmed my reservation was accurate and made through priceline. I was told that they could not guarantee me early check-in at that moment (my flight was arriving at 8:30 in the morning,) but would do what they could.This leads me to point two, upon arriving, there were two professionally dressed women behind the front desk. We were greeted warmly and checked-in immediately since they had rooms open. The woman who helped us was named Jasmine, I believe, and was very much a professional. I did not see one untucked or wrinkled shirt as other have alleged on here. She confirmed the days that we would be staying and gave us two card keys without needing to ask for two (as I have had to do at other hotels.)Third, there was no construction mess or noise as others have said, there was minor things being done to the front lobby, but nothing messy or noisy. The AC worked in our room quite well, and we even could adjust it to suit our needs. The carpets were old, and do need to be replaced, which I am sure will be done as they continue to improve this hotel.When we called to the front desk to inquire into where to catch a bus to Seattle, the woman that answered happily told us exactly where to catch it, and even told us if we stopped by the front desk on the way out they had bus scedules for that route we could get. This is definitely professional service if I have ever had it.The only complaint I can think of besides the carpets in the room, is the continental breakfast. It is a sad one and is only offered from 6-9 am.I would definitely recommend this hotel to people that are staying in Seattle for a short time, since it is close to both the airport and Downtown, even though for an extended trip focusing on dowtown, it is not so convient. Ah, I almost forgot to mention, there is even a computer in the lobby for guest use for those of us that do not have laptops. I thought this was excellent and haven't seen that at many hotels I have stayed.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ialvlang
<Content>Run from this property like a bat outta hell!! I don't even know where to begin. I usually take all reviews of places I read with a grain of salt. I know sometimes people can be unreasonable in their expectations but am I sooooo sorry that I did not take all the negative reviews on this property into more consideration!Booked two rooms for a four night stay. I knew and I had read before I booked that the property was under renovation. Since I was booking months in advance, I was hoping the renovations would have been finished by the time for my trip and I would be walking into newly renovated and refurbished rooms. Well . . . WRONG!! Got there about a quarter before 3 pm and they guy at the front desk, whom I had seen outside and had taken him to be a maintenance guy, was dressed in the most wrinkled uniform shirt I've seen someone wear - not professional at all. I think it was at this point when I started to worry my worst fears had come true that all the reviews were TRUE about this place. Was told at the front desk that they did not have the list of rooms that were ready to be assigned. I know that check in time for this place is listed as 3 pm but all other hotels I've stayed at have been very accomodating in assigning me a room even a couple of hours before their check-in time. So I decided to wait to be assigned a room and unpack before heading out. Noticed while in the lobby that it was pretty warm. By the time I got back to the front desk, the shifts had changed and there was a different guy there who assured me that the air conditioning was only a problem in the building with the front desk since they were still working on renovations for the restaurant. He told we would have no problems whatsoever once in the rooms. I asked him if the room renovations were complete and he explained that they had decided to wait for the busy summer season to be over before starting on the rooms. I braced myself for the worst at that point. Got the card keys and went into the rooms assigned. With as much objectivity as possible, I have to say that the rooms were very clean. Maybe the carpet was spotted in some places but overall, the rooms and bathrooms were clean and they do have some very nice Bath  Body Works products for the shower. They also have pillow top mattresses which make for very comfy beds and the shower heads are new and good for showering. Then I noticed that the rooms had shear curtains but were missing the heavy sunlight blocking curtains behind. I thought that the side drapes could be moved but those were stationary. How can you assign a room with just shears when at night you can see from the outside into the rooms in the first level and in the morning you can not block the sunlight from coming in? The other room we had been assigned was missing that and the lampshades by the bed side - NO LAMPSHADES!! Besides that, even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room, it truly smelled of smoke in there. Then I noticed that the a/c wasn't kicking in even though I was lowering the thermostat into the 50's. Called the front desk and explained the situation and that I wasn't happy with the rooms I had been assigned. The person at the front desk was quick in re-assigning us to different rooms at which point we had to pack up our bags and go back all the way to the front desk to pick up the new keys. The second rooms were better, they were cooler and the heavy sun-blocking curtain was there. Why these rooms had them and not the others, I don't understand! Headed out to take in some sights and we were back at our rooms by 9:30 pm. The a/c system was not cooling the rooms at that point. I was about to call the front desk when the fire alarm went off. Grabbed the most important items and joined the rest of the guests in exiting the building. A staff person from the front desk was going around asking guests to return to their rooms and that it had been a false fire alarm. I decided to go to the front desk to complain about the malfunctioning a/c. I can only describe the scene as chaos when I got there. There were many guests just screaming and complaining about the whole situation. There was this lady who had mentioned the alarm had gone off two nights before. Another gentleman was demanding to be moved to a different Red Lion. The front desk was getting calls from the rooms complaining about how warm it was and all they were suggesting was for the guests to open the windows to let some of the cool air in. The poor guy at the front desk looked like he was going to lose it any minute and appeared to be on the verge of tears. I finally made my way to the front desk and asked what was going on with the a/c. He said he just did not know. Well, how was he going to handle the situation. He explained that all he could do was call an a/c maintenance guy to look into the situation. I explained I just could not and would not stay at a place without any a/c. He ended up not charging for the rooms for the night and I started to search the internet for another hotel to move to for the rest of my stay. It was a night of tossing and turning because of the warmth. I think at most I got 3 hours of itermittent sleep that night and was just exhausted in the morning. I just could not wait to leave in the morning. Red Lion hotels are supposed to be at least three stars but this one, because of the state that it is in, I can not even classify it as a motel. If you are considering a stay here, do not do so until you confirm that renovations have been completed. Shame on the new owner for not closing the place and completing renovations before opening up for business. I guess the negative reviews will continue on this one throughout the summer season.There might have been some things that I wold have been willing to overlook but the last straw were the problems with the cooling and what seemed might be regular false fire alarms. I can not comment on the breakfast, I did not partake since I just wanted out of there - FAST!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>ve7dtl
<Content>Never again We had flown into Seattle, June 21 to catch the following day Alaska cruise departing from downtown. Yes, we stayed here that Thursday, June 21, 2007 This hotel is old and the AC was not working. The room was sealed up all day and it was stifling hot. The only thing we could do to cool the room down was to open the small window. I complained to the front desk several times and the best they could do was to loan me their small desk fan to put by the window. Their advice was to leave the bathroom fan going all night with the window open. Hopefully, I might get some cross ventilation. I must say, I never thought of that. (Who thinks of stuff like that???) Why don't they just fix the AC system? I was so hot, I could not sleep, so I went downstairs to get something cool to drink at their restaurant only to find their restaurant is closed due to renovations. It was a miserable night for my family and me. I guess the cruise made up for it. To be fair, the staff was nice but how do you make up for such poor facilities??? If you stay here, I hope you fair better. Thanks for reading.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>querqeekid
<Content>Beyond Dreadful This hotel is the very embodiment of the downside of Priceline (WAY down). First of all, a couple of weeks prior to our arrival I'd sent two e-mails to the hotel in an attempt to confirm my reservation. They never reponded. I then called on the afternoon of our arrival. I explained that no one had bothered to respond to my e-mails. The clerk had no answer for me. When I asked her to confirm verbally, it took her a while--I heard the shuffling of papers in the background. When she returned to the phone she gave me a very uncertain and tentative verbal confirmation.We arrived quite late--around 11:30 p.m. I had advised the hotel both in my e-mails and verbally that afternoon that this would be the case. When I gave the desk clerk my name, she advised that they did NOT have a reservation for us. She claimed that I'd made the reservation for JUNE 6, not JULY 6--ridiculous, especially when I handed her the Priceline e-mail confirmation for JULY 6. She simply shrugged when she read it. She said they did have a room for us--on the ground floor (a good thing, since there are no elevators). We were completely exhausted after a LONG train ride from Vancouver. We dragged our bags to the assigned room (written on a STICKIE NOTE, I might add!). I inserted the card key into the appropriate door but it would not open. After a couple attempts I then turned the handle to try and enter. This is when we heard a loud male voice: Get out of here or I'll shoot you!. Needless to say we beat a hasty retreat to the front desk. By this time the manager was at the desk with the clerk. It appeared that he'd just awakened. He was unshaven and his shirt wasn't tucked in. He looked like--a slob, that's what he looked like! We told him what had happened and he said that the clerk was newly-hired and had made a mistake (duh!). He then gave us another card key with another STICKIE NOTE room assignment. We demanded that he accompany us. My wife said, If that guy is going to shoot us, you're going down with us. Then, my favorite part of the night: The manager actually CALLED the guy we'd awakened to apologize! We could hear him screaming at the manager--he'd undoubtedly been awakened AGAIN!The second floor room we eventually occupied was truly nasty-looking (dragging our luggage up a flight fo steps was a pleasure, too!). It was cramped, bleak and decrepit. We could practically see the wall paper peeling off. The bed creaked with every tiny movement. My back was aching the next morning. This was one of the most awful hotel experiences I've ever had (and I've had a few of 'em). Enter at your own peril!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>pretzel_lady
<Content>False advertising and really awful.. I have rarely had such a bad experience in a hotel. First, the heat/cooling was central instead of in the individual rooms, and the room was HOT the entire two days I was there. The wireless connection that is advertised is ONLY available in the lobby area, not the rooms, due to construction. Room was dirty, maid cleaned only minimally while I was there. Carpet was filthy. It was noisy, and felt very unsafe since two of the outside doors were broken and NOT locked at night, and it's not the best area to be in. Twice went to get coffee in the lobby and found the coffee urns empty, a got a shrug when I asked if more was going to be made.. staff was pretty nice overall, but not terribly helpful with directions or other questions. I would NOT stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	1	

<Author>JasonFlack
<Content>not to shabby Stayed there for a night, should have stayed two. The bed was to die for slept like a baby. The hotel needs up dating but it is in the process of that. We would stay there again next time we are down in Seattle. Didn't get to try the pool next time will, the breakfast in the morning was the best that I have ever seen. The ladies at the front desk where great, very helpfull. Hotels.com didn't send them are reservations, but that didn't matter they got us into a room and took care of it for us. The room was clean, the hallways where clean. The maids where even nice. Can't wait to see it when it is done being worked on for I think it is going to be a very nice hotel. Never heard a plane once! Try it out, we did, and we will go back!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Washington
<Content>Hated the red lion at Boeing Field We stayed at the Red Lion Boeing Field for 3 nights. Good thing we stayed busy and didn't have to spend a whole lot of time at the Hotel. The rooms were worn, the grounds were not taken care of (although they were remodeling the restaurant-who knows how that will turn out). The ice machine did not produce more than a couple of cubes of ice the whole time we were there.The room was hot. The tub was slow to drain. The pool area was overgrown. The cable was out half the time. Provided Decaf coffee only and continental breakfast was very bleak. There was litter in the parking lot.Its too bad this place isn't better taken care of, it could really be a nice place. Sits right on the river and is a great central location between Downtown Seattle and Tacoma without all the hustle bustle. Would not stay again under the current management!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>CADreamin
<Content>An okay experience. Well, the hotel really doesn鈥檛 look like the photos that are included with the description. I鈥檇 say the hotel is now a little worse for wear even though it is going through 鈥渞enovations鈥? There was a sign indicating that the hotel is under new management so it remains to be seen as to whether the name changes or not. Unfortunately, Priceline didn鈥檛 tell us that the lounge and restaurant were closed because of the renovations which meant we had to travel by car in order to get anything to eat or drink. The pool, however, was up and running. On the plus side, the hotel is in a fairly decent location (it鈥檚 light industry), the rooms have new mattresses, the staff is super friendly and very helpful, and it鈥檚 not as bad as some would make it out. However, on the down-side 鈥?the upholstery in our room was in desperate need of a good cleaning (it was so stained that we put plastic down before we put anything on the chair or bench). The continental breakfast consisted of dry cereal and coffee but not much else. The rooms all faced a central corridor which is a good safety feature (even though the card readers weren鈥檛 activated which meant anyone could walk in at any time day or night), but this central corridor feature, coupled with the lower ceilings meant that when some rude guests awoke at 6:00 am and started slamming their doors and yelling to each other down the hall, we could hear everything quite clearly in our room. Would I stay there again? Maybe ... but I would check around first..  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>SaltwaterDancer
<Content>Stay away At the end of June 2007 we stayed in a smoking room. Fortunately the window opened, which helped for us non-smokers. The settee was burned as well as an iron sized hole on the armoire. There were numerous burn marks on the carpet. This is an older hotel that is going through a remodel stage. Unfortunately, the remodel contractors are doing a really poor job, and the hotel is letting the new improvements go as soon as they are installed. The front desk crew is polite and nice for both the am and pm shifts, but the hotel is poorly maintained and as mentioned before, the remodel contractors are amateurish at best. As an example, when we went to the complimentary continental breakfast, there wasn't much left except a few stale pieces of bread. A guest had taken what was left in rather large bag, and nothing was being replenished, despite the early morning time. The newly laid carpet was buckling. The exercise room was lamentable, and seemed to be a storage area for excess room furniture. I really hope that the ownership really looks at what is going on with this property, as a lot of money seems to be poorly thrown here.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	4	-1	1	

<Author>jason54321
<Content>Only stay here if you have no other options We did not have an enjoyable stay at this hotel. When we arrived it took nearly 30 minutes to get checked in. The front desk was very disorganized and understaffed. Despite the fact that we had reserved a room with two queen beds for three people ($65 per night), we were given a room with a single king sized bed. Once we had checked in, we were given a key to a room that already had guests in it. When we returned to the front desk to get a different key, there was no one there. We had to wait in the lobby for another 15 minutes until he returned. The room was very basic. Nothing to get excited about. To top things off, the thermostat did not work so we were unable to shut off the air conditioning.The day after checking out, I called the manager and requested a refund. After listening to the problems we encoutered, she granted a refund of the $65.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelGuy02
<Content>Dated Hotel, Needs Work I booked this reservation through Expedia. Once I got to the the hotel, I realized that I made a mistake. The information that Expedia provided me was OLD to say the least. At check in I expressed my discomfort with the entire Expedia experience. The gentleman checking me was extremely nice, offered his help and quickly made my fears subside. I would like to advise others to use a variety of sources and just not Expedia alone to verify the hotel. It seems that they have a problem updating information to there customers. The friendly hotel staff made up for the lack of information and made my stay pleasent. Thanks ONLY to the Incredible service of Mike and Jasmine at the desk. I will be back,but not through Expedia.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	5	2	

<Author>Joylynn
<Content>Yuck! I've been disappointed before, but never enough to leave and risk sleeping in my car (which would be an upgrade from their construction zone). We traded our first room for one that might be cleaner. It was even worse! There was debris in the halls from remodeling (which was badly needed) and overall unsafe, scary conditions. This hotel should be shut down until the work is finished. I thought Red Lion had higher standards.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>robertashouse
<Content>1970's outdated worn former Holiday Inn under renovation This was rated as a 2* Sea Tac airport hotel on Priceline. The location is not even close to the airport, it is difficult to find and is located in a industrial/warehouse area near Boeing. Traffic could be a real concern when trying to make a flight. There are no restraunts close by. This is a outdated, well worn 1970's former Holiday Inn . Low 8' hallways, vey dark inferior lighting in hall. Thermostat didn't operate properly . Very dirty worn carpeting in hallway and room. Doors banged when guests went in and out during the night. No other rooms were available and no upgraded rooms either.Tiny bathroom with noisy fan and found long black hair strands on shower wall and sink area. Poor housekeeping. They have replaced the bedding and also new 25 zenith tvs. However they have not yet purchased new bedding and the mattress pad did not fit and the bedspread was at 10 too short. The new mattresses were very comfortable.They have a free airport shuttle that runs on the hour.  I felt very unsafe , due to the dark hallways. My husband didn't even want to stay there but we had prepaid with Priceline. We were only there for one night and had a early AM flight.I think this hotel should be reevaluated to a 1* and taken out of the Sea Tac Airport zone.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>planegirl
<Content>Better than expected We stayed here May 21 for one night. We called for the shuttle to pick us up at SEATAC and it arrived within 15 minutes. The check in process was a little slow.The rooms are small, but clean. The Bath and Body Works toiletries were a nice suprise. There was Tulley's coffee in the room. We had a room right next to the entrance door. A little nosey late at night with thoughtless guests who let the outside door slam shut. Breakfast buffet was average. Got us by until lunch. Major renovation going on, will probably be very nice once finished.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>atalaska
<Content>Priceline Should Remove This From Their Selections Of Hotels We stayed here in September -- bought it through priceline... I agree with the other rater, it's not near the airport. In fact, it's a pain to get to. Checking in was a MESS --- an airline had cancelled and apparently this is where airlines place their stranded passengers at times. It took well over 20 minutes to check in.I'm surprised priceline keeps this hotel in their hopper --- as it turns out, it's no cheaper to book it through priceline for a good deal then it would be to shop directly with other hotels in the area. I just ended up 'accidentally' purchasing another night here -- through priceline. I had fogotten about my September 2006 experience. I'm scheduled to stay there one night on a stopover in March. So.... I'll write again after that adventure... hopefully it'll be improved!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>CracklinTulip
<Content>pleasantly surprised!       hotel room  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>JOHNSONB
<Content>More Then Expected. After reading the other reviews for this property, I was a bit cautious. Reading some of the problems previous guests have had, had me a bit concerned.I was amazed by the turn around in service. The front desk staff was very attentive to all of my requests. The front dsesk agent micheal was very pleasent to deal with. He made my wife and myself feel as if we were at home. The new showerheads were a great blessing, as were the comfortable beds.Thank you for a great stay.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachkitten2
<Content>Hardly Budget - Total Atrocity We *always* stay budget for travel, but this was unacceptable.1) Power outlets all failed (including lamps).2) Shower leaked greatly during usage and continued through night.3) No warm water in shower.4) Front desk never provided additional towels after we used the provided ones to mop up the leak.5) Upon reporting problems and requesting bill for single night, we were persuaded to stay for our second night in Seattle instead of seeking alternative accomodations if the staff investigated and remedied problems. They did pro-rate the two nights to less than one night at around $45 total, but we never received replacement towels, nobody ever checked our room and it was difficult to check out. (They had switched our reservation information with that of another guest.)6) Windows (and walls) are paper thin. This means you will be disturbed all night long by guests arriving in the parking lot area as well as when someone enters their room from the hallway, takes a shower, etc. You will also freeze because the thermostat stays at a frigid 50 degrees and the windows drip condensation in the early morning!7) Bring all of your valuables in because you will have to park your car quite a distance from your room (approximately 400 meters). This is quite inconvenient.8) I prefer to save money by staying at value lodges, but this was ridiculous. I should have stayed in my car both nights because I would have been happier than having stayed there one night.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dalotek
<Content>Buyer beware! We booked this hotel on one of the name your own price sites as one that is next to the SeaTac airport. Well, it is in the general area, but way north in an industrial zone. I thought I got a good deal online, I did not get a good deal at the place. You were directly categorized as the ... [name your own price] guy鈥?at check-in. We noticed two disgruntled guests, one was complaining about the room and the other had no power. And indeed, the main light was not working in our room, there was conditioner, but no shampoo, there was coffee, but no spoon, no sugar, no creamer, no tea, etc. The TV reception was fuzzy, although the TV looked new. The bed looked new, but the carpet is well used and the bathroom has that 70鈥檚 style to it. Room was small, but you just stay a night, right!The hotel needs an overhaul, looks very dated, 70's, very low ceilings. Pool was closed. Restaurant was closed. If you need food, you have to drive around for a few miles!At check-out in the morning they told us that the room was already checked out at 5:45 by us. Well, we were sleeping at that time and they did not want to admit a mistake was made there at all. And, since we booked thru a third party site, they do not give a a bill. It says it is Under New Management, but they have to step up to the plate. I would not recommend this hotel. I stayed at better hotels/motels at the Seattle Airport that I got thru 鈥渘ame your own price鈥?  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>Homeboynot
<Content>The Place Needs Work We arrived after dark and this place is close to an industrial area and there were absolutely no lighted signs on this hotel which made it very hard to find. We passed it a couple of times before we spotted their sign. Another gent at check in said he had the same problem. Front desk said the sign is on a timer and doesn't light up until 9:30 PM! But wait - there's more. The room faced South and the sun and it was 90 deg in the room according to the thermostat. Of course the air con would not work, there was a small window which did nothing to cool off the room. So we slept on top of the covers. The air con came on at 0830 the next morning. Front desk said the air con was also on a timer and there was nothing they could do. There was no suitcase stand in the room (a first for me). The free Internet of course was not working and the front desk said this was the first time this had happened - a likely story. The desk clerk the next morning said there was a new owner who was going to upgrade the place. It was supposed to be a three star hotel but it's really a two star.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>njmackley
<Content>Better than I expected I planned a reunion at this hotel for a WWII group because it had more amenities than some hotels closer to the airport and the price was much more reasonable. My headaches began when my calls were not returned to finalize details for the group. I notified my group of the arrangements I had made, then found out the hotel had been sold. Worse yet, the old manager had not informed the new general manager of the arrangements I had made. After reading the reviews here and not having a lot of success contacting the group sales manager, I was fearful of what I would find when we gathered for the reunion.I was pleasantly surprised.It appeared when I got there that the new general manager still was not aware of my plans, but he worked hard and quickly to set up a conference room for us. The hotel manager was very accommodating to anything we needed, including providing coffee and ice water. They worked with the catering company to make our meals enjoyable.The bad (read on because there are good things about this place): the shuttle was very slow. Some of our group were taken to the mall and asked to be picked up at a particular time. They were told to call the hotel when they were ready. At the appointed time, they did call, but it was 90 minutes before the shuttle came back to get them. The hotel needs an update. Maroon carpeting in the hallways clashes with the orange paint on the walls. The halls are dark with very low lighting, although it wasn't hard to see the number to my room. We asked 3 times for a new light bulb in the area outside the bathroom (there are no electrical outlets in the bathroom itself), and no one ever came to replace it. So we had to use hair dryers in the dark. The check-in at the front desk was very slow. The continental breakfast, while free, was not the best. The room was small with two queen beds. More than two people would have tripped over each other. The sprinklers came on about 7pm and all the sidewalks to the outer buildings were wet and impassible without getting soaked. (Why don't they water the lawn overnight?)Now the good: I found the front desk staff to be very friendly and courteous. Each one tried their best to be personable and helpful to my needs. The bed was comfortable and had at least 4 pillows. The lobby had continuous coffee available. I asked for the conference room we were in to have the temperature adjusted, and a maintenance person was there within 15 minutes. The outdoor pool was not heated, but adequate. The lounge chairs were very low, though, and hard to get back out of. Considering how close we were to the airport, I didn't hear airplane noise at all.Overall, the service by the staff and the comfort of the room made the stay pleasant enough. I wouldn't pick this place for a longer visit, though. If I was to spend any more time in the room, I would want it to have more space to be comfortable. The TV did not have as many channels to choose from.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>bigskynau
<Content>Better than my first visit I have stayed at this hotel twice in the last 3 months. The first time was not great the place was a mess, took long to check in, and things did not work in the guestrooms. But I did book the room based on price so I had no one to blame but myself, as the saying goes what you pay is what you get. So once again I had to go to Seattle, booked on one of the name your own price sites. Oh great I should have known better, I got Seattle South Red Lion. This time around I notice that there had been some changes. The place did not look as messy as the first time, the landscaping was cleaned up, the guestrooms were clean, and things worked in the rooms. Best yet the pool was opened, as it was closed the first time. There was signs talking about a remodel, so I asked the front desk, and they said they had new owners.So I don't know what will happen now that there is new owners, but this time my stay was much better. This time I did get what I paid for. Hopefully there will be some great changes since the location is pretty good to get to the airport, and downtown Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>Lotus14
<Content>Great Experience We originally went into our reservation a bit wary due to past reviews on this hotel. However, our stay was quite enjoyable. For such a low rate, the room was comfortable. They used high quality bath products and the air conditioner was fantastic. The location was less than a block away from a bus stop to ride into downtown Seattle. Some points of improvement: the TV channel selection was quite limited; the breakfast was mediocre at best. However, there is an espresso shop just down the block. Overall, we were pleased with the value and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelbugtogo
<Content>Indescribably Incompetent We were one of 15 softball players families that had reservation at this Red Lion Hotel. Our collective experience --the front desk staff has not been trained to deal with the public, housekeeping ran out of towels and sheets, maintenance is not on site, the hotel is located in an undesirable area. Ten families left the hotel after 2 nights. (It would have been sooner if rooms were available). Here is a sample of what some of families experienced:* Requested a 1st floor room with two beds due to having an elderly parent and was given a 2nd floor room. After 2 hours of waiting was given a 1st floor room with a king bed. Took another 4 hours before their room was available. (no elevators)* A guest called from the airport for pick-up. Was told it would be 10 minutes. After waiting an hour they called the hotel and was told to take a taxi. * Rooms were unavailable upon check-in because housekeeping had run out of bed sheets. We were given one bath towel for 4 of us to use. * Four families in our group were locked out each time the hotel room door closed. Maintenance was called (Rafael -- we got to know him well) lives 45 minutes away - maintenance is not on site. On several occasions it took several hours because the front desk said they were never told that someone was locked out. Once Rafael's assistance locked the tool (that is used to open the door) in the room he had just fixed and then was unable to retrieve it because the door wouldn't open with the keycard.* We were standing in line for quarters for the washer (they do not have quarters available at the front desk) and the business travelers in front of us were told that the 3 rooms they had reserved were given away-- sorry, it's not their fault. * The front counter employees are young and are totally lacking in customer service. An employee accused a guest of throwing a keycard at her and threatened to kick her out of the hotel.* One of the father's was solicited by a prostitute at the corner gas station.* A fed-ex package was sent to one of the families that contained his daughter and his passports. He began checking with the front desk at 10:00 a.m. every half hour to see if the package had arrived. Finally he went on-line at noon to check the status of the package and Michele had sign for the package at 9:52 a.m. He went to the front desk and asked if there was a Michele and she said that's me. He said that she signed for the package. She went in the back office and came out with his passports -- the package was opened and their passports were taken out.* It took over 2 hours to check-out due to an incorrect daily charge (yes, we had to pay for this experience). The clerk was unable to correct the amount and asked me to trust them to take care of it tomorrow when the manager was in. Yeah, right!! I called the credit card company from the front desk because the clerk didn't know how to reverse the charge. We had been charged 4 different amounts which total to over $1,000 for a $400 bill. The clerk spoke to the credit card company and had the charges reversed and she promised that the manager would adjust the bill the next day to reflect the correct amount and charge our VISA. Today I checked our VISA account and we've been charged $800 for a $400 bill. The nightmare continues...Many of the families stayed at the Town and Country Extended Stay on Interurban Avenue in Tukwila and said that the staff and management was extremely friendly and made you feel welcome. The accomodations are similar (70's era) but the rooms are big with a refrigerator and stove(it was an apartment conversion). The daily rate was the same. I can honestly say it was a nightmare. Don't let the pictures fool you, be sure to read all the negative comments that guests have written about their experience -- we wished we had before reserving at this Red Lion Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Lezlie
<Content>Not as Bad-New management? After reading the horrible reviews on this site about this hotel I was considering just forfeiting my hotwire $70 bucks and staying elsewhere. My husband convinced me we could stand it for one night. This hotel definately had some problems but overall was fine for a one night stay. Problems first: 1. you have to call for the airport shuttle, it doesn't come and pick you up automatically. We had to wait for about 1/2 hour before the shuttle which can be tiring if you have been traveling all day. 2. The shuttle driver was pleasant but seemed mentally challenged and tried to shove six adults into a van made for four. It was interesting! 3. At the front desk the ladies looked tired and were openly frustrated; sighing and rolling their eyes regarding their hotel that was overbooked. 4. My biggest complaint about this hotel is that there was no elevator which means if you happen to be on the second floor you have to lug all of your luggage up stairs. Not pleasant after a long tiring journey! 5. The overall look of the hotel is shabby and run down; halls look scarey. Ok enough complaints. ON the positive note: the rooms were clean, good shower pressure, the front desk ladies warmed up, shuttle waited for us when we were running late in the morning, the bed was fairly comfortable, the hotel was quiet. I think the hotel is under new management and they are making an effort to make things better.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TXTRAVLR06
<Content>Pay more and you'll thank me later This place was the epitome of an old run down hotel. The beds were rock hard, the tv was too dark to see and there was no remote to change the brightness. The room overall was decent but the curtains, furniture and comforters were stained. The hotel was understaffed and seemed confused. The food was not good and was prepared an hour after it was supposed to be available. The wifi was the only real positive. I'd recommend paying about 30 bucks more and you will get a much nicer place. I wouldn't' stay here again under an circumstance.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	3	

<Author>jroberts08
<Content>Absolutely Despicable I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone! Our stay was the worst ever. We stayed here, knowing it was a BUDGET hotel. It took over 45 minutes just to check in, and we were the only people checking in at the time. Needless to say, the three ladies at the front counter needed some customer service classes.Finally after several attempts to locate our confirmation number and arguing that we had already prepaid for our room, yes they actually argued with me! I had the receipt showing a ZERO balance owing!!!! We went up to our room. Immediately upon entering, the bathroom door was open and towels were spread out all over the floor, the floor was soaking wet, and the toilet lid was off. We called the front desk advising them that the toilet wasn't working. They offered to bring new towels. I repeated myself...the toilet wasn't working. An hour later I called again. Maintenance was on their way. Housekeeping showed up approximately an hour and 20 minutes later. Plunged the toilet and left. About 40 minutes went by and the toilet was still running, we called the front desk...again. Housekeeping came by again...plunged toilet, brought towels. Then told us to turn the water off. When we needed to use the toilet, then turn the water on! Oh, I forgot we were staying in a roach motel! This was completely unacceptable. We complained, the front desk said there was nothing they could do, they couldn't find maintenance. Well, maintenance probably got tired of maintaining! To top it off, the sheets would not stay on the hard bed, which is fine, it isn't the Ritz. We moved the bed to put the sheets back on, and there were two used condoms underneath the bed! I'm glad they clean the rooms!The curtains were so dirty. The furniture was stained. I really wouldn't recommend staying even if you have no where else to go. There is no service and they don't care that they have upset a customer or have filthy non-working rooms.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shelliehunny
<Content>I would never stay here again. I can't believe I paid almost $100 for this hotel. My main problem with the room was you can not change the thermostat manually and the room was really cold. My kids didn't want to get out of bed in the morning. The room was small and the beds were hard. The hotel did not have an elevator. My room did not have a remote and you can not change the channels manually on the TV. I called the front desk and they said they would send one right up. Two hours later I did receive a remote that didn't work. I was told the hotel had a catered breakfast. The catered breakfast consisted of cold cereal, bananas, small pasteries (not the good ones with filling)... It was very basic. Some people reviewing this hotel stated they had a fridge and microwave in their room, mine did not.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	3	1	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing works in the middle of nowhere Not only was this hotel off in the middle of nowhere - in the middle of the industrial part of town right next to the Boeing manufacturing site- but nothing worked. This would be the perfect hotel for anyone that's not picky about being someplace interesting or having any amenities like decent service or door locks. Just a brief synopsis of what was broken: the pool was closed and empty; the restaurant was being remodeled (we were there for 3 days and didn't see anyone working on any remodeling); the ATM was out of order; we asked for a few extra towels around noon one day and were told they're all in the drier; the bathroom door didn't close all the way and had no lock; both of our keys randomly stopped working one evening; the fitness center as they called it was really just one treadmill and one stair stepper perched above one of the staircases that literally had spider webs across the entrance 鈥?they obviously hadn鈥檛 been used in ages never mind cleaned or serviced; the day before we were departing, we reserved the shuttle to the airport for 4:30 on our departure day - he was about 20 minutes late. It was cheap, but there are cheap places elsewhere in the city that would probably be a better call for someone looking to enjoy their stay.On the plus side, there鈥檚 this crazy retro diner just up the road (鈥淩andy鈥檚鈥? that was pretty decent and worth the trip if you鈥檙e in the area (though you really shouldn鈥檛 be). There was also 鈥淭he Tavern鈥?a bar with a number of interesting characters, though not some place I鈥檇 want to go alone.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>After 1 night, I had to leave! I was booked for 4 nights here, and after my first night's experience, I had to leave. The website photos are very missleading. this place is located in an industrial area, with no restuaurants, lounges,or even convenience stores within 5 miles. The front desk staff was very inadequate, and slow. It took 45 mins to check in. The pool was closed, the restuaurant was closed,and the parking lot had razor wire around it. It reminded me of a prison Four miles away and $20.00 more, I found a real nice motel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't Stay Here Again Wouldn't recommend this hotel at all. Rooms need to be decorated. Whole hotel is in need of renovation. Cleanliness not too bad but could of been cleaner. For the price I paid I was extremely disappointed and would of expected better. Located a considerable distance from downtown too.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>enjoyingtime5
<Content>paid $100 and had our car broken into We booked this hotel through a park, sleep and fly website at the last minute because our flight was rescheduled. What a mistake! We paid a ridiculous $100 for one night in a room with sticky carpets and for 2 weeks parking. We returned to find our car had been broken into, even though we parked it as close as we could to the registration desk and the front of the hotel where it was well lit. They stole our insurance papers so we assumed they tried to get a new key cut and coded at a dealer (but were unsuccessful) and luckily we didn't have our house broken into while we were gone. But our car was damaged and the battery was dead because they left the car door ajar. What a terrible way to end a great family vacation.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>downinit
<Content>decent for the price I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights in April. The location is quiet and industrial, but less than 10 minute drive to downtown Seattle, and only about 5 minutes to the airport. I had their breakfast buffet one morning. It is no longer free, but the quality/selection was decent for a buffet( I normally find breakfast buffets to be inedible, especially in Vegas). Another concern I had was that I wanted to be able to use the wi-fi with my laptop. After some initial confusion and misinformation, I found out that the free wi-fi was not available in the Express King rooms. Fortunately, I was able to change my reservation to a standard room. If you want internet in the expresss king. you are limited to webTV, which has a charge of $10 a day. The standard room with free wi-fi was only $8 more per night than the express, so it was a no brainer. Not a concern if you don't plan on using the internet on your stay. The beds were a little on the hard side, but I had no problem sleeping, The service and amenities were on par with what i would expect from Red LIon, which is normally a 3+ hotel in most of its locations, the soap/shampoo was 'Bath and Body Works', or something similar. My room was clean and well maintained. Also, I appreciated free parking, since so many hotels are charging $10 -$20 a night just for a parking pass. Bottom line, if you are looking for a decent cheap hotel in Seattle and will have a rental car, I would highly recommend this hotel, assuming you can get a rate of 45-55 a night or so. It was everything I would expect from an older hotel with a decent brand name to support it.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Service My mom booked rooms for us at the Red Lion and was told that they had a shuttle bus that would pick us up at the airport and could take us anywhere we needed to go for the day that we would be staying. We were supposed to be recieving two rooms with two queen beds and were quoted a price of $49 per room. My family and I (seven of us) flew into Seattle at 1:00am. We were all very tired after a day of flying and wanted to go to bed, but that wasn't the case for us. The manager at the front desk was able to confirm our reservation with my mom's confirmation number but told us that the rooms were going to be $79 each. After a very long arguement with the very rude and ignorant manager we were able to get rooms for $55 each with two double beds. The manager explained to us that when we booked the rooms they thought we were airline employees who are contracted to stay at the $49 price. When we were taken two our rooms, my mother was given a key to a room that was already occupied! Our room was freezing cold and the beds were hard as rocks. The next morning there were many people at the front desk complaining of the bad service (no wake up call, missed flights, etc.) We had to wait about 45 minutes for the shuttle van to arrive to take us to breakfast just down the road (the driver stopped to pick up his dry cleaning). Our driver should have his license taken away! He was speeding, didn't use his turn signal to turn or change lanes and ran a red light all in about 1 mile. Needless to say, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone, ever!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>you guys are cheap and picky for those who are writing bad reviews about this hotel. I stayed at this hotel a couple of times i know this is not the perfect hotel. But hey what do you expect when your making 39 to 59 dollar rate reservations. Well if i wanted a luxurious hotel i would of payed Hilton or Hyatt 295 dollars up front. So stop complaining about the hotel being cheap and start paying for a more luxurious hotel. Never noticed how CHEAP people were.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>2ez4me
<Content>Cheap, noisy The positive: $45/night, good for budget travellers. The negatives: thin walls, noisy rooms. The first floor rooms adjacent to the parking lot are really bad. You can hear people walking and rolling their luggage at all hours of the day. Someone was getting their car battery jumped at 2am and shining their headlights straight into the room, the curtains didn't help much. If you have to stay here, ask for a second floor room on the inside facing the courtyard.Loud parties and sketchy people walking around the halls.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude front desk manager This place is ridiculous!!! $89.99 for a hotel that smells, is old as dirt, and whose customer service is very rude! This hotel is NOT at the Airport as was reported, and I was given a room that had BEDBUGS all throughout my room! I complained to the lady (who did the best she could) at the front desk and asked to speak to management, but they were very rude and told me that there was nothing they could do but change my room! Nice job, after all the bites!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jueyau
<Content>Never again I switched room within 5 minutes of walking in due to continuous running toilet. There's no key to the safe in the second room and I requested one immediately, and again the following day. Nothing ever came during my 5 days there. Reason: maintenance team wasn't available. Crackers and gums on carpet. There was 1 afternoon when we returned after being gone for the morning and found no linens, no towels in the room (door was locked and no cleaning crew in sight). My friend got locked out of her room one nite because her key failed to work and the hotel couldn't get it opened either. She and her husband got another room for the nite (no pyjamas, no toiletries). At least 3 parties complained about their bills while I waited in line to complain.Printer/copier in business center didn't work. Food was bad.Don't stay there!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>FLR
<Content>The pictures are out dated and so is the hotel We were scheduled to be at the hotel for 4 nights but we left after the first horrible evening. If it were not so late when we checked in we would have not stayed one night. Our view was of a parking lot of 18 wheeler trucks that woke us up at 6:30am with their diesel engines. The rooms and hotel smelled badly. The halls were dark and scary. They do not have elevators. No locks on the bathroom doors. The carpets are dirty. We had to park on the far side of the hotel go up several flights of stairs and down many long hallways because there was not adequate parking. I can go on but I think you get the idea. Pay more, drive past, keep going, and don鈥檛 stop.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent value I booked 2 roooms for 5 nights through Hotel.com at total cost (including taxes) of $44/room. Both rooms were large, clean. quiet and well equipped (with fridge and microwave, iron, etc. Ask for inside first floor rooms near entrances and you should be fine. Front desk staff very helpful, even printed out MapQuest directions for us. Only inconvenience was that the much maligned hotel resturant was often closed and except for a mediocre coffee shop a mile away there are no restaurants nearby (or even grocery stores). We eventually stocked up at Costco and ate breakfast and dinner in room and lunch outside. This worked fine and saved a bunch of money.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rhadaway
<Content>Wrong hotel! We thought we were staying at the one across from the airport. Not happy when we were driven here. Please do not actually reserve this place. So glad we were only there 8 hours. WARNING: Price line . com categorizes this hotel as airport. It is not that close to the airport!! STAY AWAY  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>darlin_me
<Content>wrong hotel looked at the room I resrvied... smeeled of vomit. this is not the same red lion accross from the airport, it is 4 miles north!! still cant get the smell out of my nose....(LOL --- and I smoke) Anyway did not say the night, thank god I had time to fine another hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better off sleeping in car All I could say is thank goodness we did not prepay. The room was noisy, dark, musty, cramped, dirty. Halls were dark with low ceilings. I was one of the fools who decided to go cheap giving this hotel a benefit of a doubt but I should've have listened to the most recent negative reviews and boy did I suffer thru that night. If you value your sleep and air quality, stay clear away from this hotel. Staff does not uphold company policy to make your stay a better one nor do anything to compensate for your discomfort. Do yourself a favor and pay a little extra to stay at a better rated hotel.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't ever go there again My husband and I went there just one night,it's very terrible1. you can see some cigeratte burn on the carpet and the bath room.2. the room is very dirty, I got multiple insect bites on my face,neck ,the limbs,that made me see a doctor afterwards.3. we saw a cockroach(!!!!) in my room before we leave.so, we do not recommend this hotel at all !  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dnasu
<Content>Just plain bad   showReview(3680797, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JudithV
<Content>Bad......very bad   showReview(3609321, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>UtahBeekeeper
<Content>NEVER again at a Red Lion!!   showReview(3533198, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loud, Loud and very RUDE   showReview(3475041, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>4C
<Content>Excellent value   showReview(2627842, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My trip was fine and it was not in Business Class   showReview(2213332, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dark Halls, Hard beds   showReview(2180944, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware   showReview(2111066, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is not no ordinary Red Lion Hotel   showReview(1836780, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wineries
<Content>They got my business   showReview(1518019, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

