<Author>stbhcouple
<Content>BEAUTIFUL BEACHES This was our second visit to the Occ. Grand. Found the service as a whole better this year than last year. Our room had no hot water for 4 days and took two days to resolve the issue after we complained, we ended up moving to different building in the resort. Heads up no hot water in building 23 and luke warm at best in 25 is what we were told by travel REP. this was the only bad part of trip. Service in restaurants was very attentive and prompt. The buffet after 4 or 5 days gets a bit reptitus and is sometimes cold. Hotel has guest from around the world so some menu items not very '' NORTH AMERICAN''. Rooms were cleaned and fresh towel and lines changed regularly and Mini Fridge Always restocked with Water and Pop and Beer. The pool area's  swim up Bar were fantastic lots of loungers and area to get out of the Sun. the grounds were kept in immaculate condtion and consantly being swept and washed and groomed. All staff very friendly and all greeted you with a HOLA when they walked past. The warning with the staff would be the guys in the beige uniforms are there to sell the timeshare part of the hotel get very tiresome of hearing the sales push. The hotel allows tour operators in the hotel so you have a security that you wont be getting ripped off buying the from a guy who just walks past you on the beach. The Beach what can ya say about the beach it is the best part of this resort. white sand clear water and sun. our holiday was to just to go and relax on the beach and soak up the sun. There are tons on spots for either SUN or SHADE. We left our towels on the loungers every day and they were never touched. Security guards patrolling the area all day long. Hotel staff cleaning up beach area all day. we had a great trip minus a couple little items. If you are looking for a quite Resort with a great Beach give the OCC a try.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Conti888
<Content>awesome vacation Excellent resort,awesome beach and service,the pool is very clean and quite huge the restaurants are excellent great variety of foods the Fun Club kept us entertain every evening with great shows and performance the Pizzeria has one of the best chef in the world(see Severino Bovino in guiness book of records) very tasty and original Italian.Overall a very nice place with very great people that make you feelat home and more.The rooms are big and clean fully equiped as it should be.I do recomend for Transat tourists the Premium Club package and for Air Canada the Royal Club for extra pampering.As previous guests at this resort we see a lot of upgrades and improvements every time,they are doing their best to keep up with our demands.We are allready planning to go back next season.Claudia  Daniel C.Calgary,AB CANADA  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snipes28
<Content>Fantastic Beach       Beach  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ripper2008
<Content>NO 4.5 STAR ! Who's bribing Who They falsely advertised newly renovated. This is what sold me to try this resort. Only our second time to the area.Only to find this:* No Hot water anytime the shower was in demand. * Room in disrepair; bathroom tiles cracked, missing calking, musty, dark. old furniture. They said new mattresses, But poor quality. Shower and sink taps plugged (no pressure)*Treatment Plant beside the tennis court (unbareable)* 25us for lock for inroom safe (rip off)*No ice stations anywhere; had to bring an ice bucket to the restaurant to get any (redicilous)*Bottled water (smaller individual sized) had to walk either to beach bar far end of where we were or to main lobby bar to get. *Bathroom on the beach only one in the beach restaurant. Restaurants (same poor food ) just served to your table. *Wine was a joke. They only offered one brand their own resort; tasted like they made it in the kitchen. Red Vinager or White Vinager. Cheapest bottle to buy was 28USD. I could go on.....  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buddyToronto
<Content>Watch Personal Items At check-in your told to leave all your baggage inside bag room until room is available the only problem they don't give you ticket and anyone could walk in. I noticed security guard local person go in show his friend a kids pair of Nike shoes he placed them in bag and left (Good security) They tell you it is safe to drink the water so I was drinking mixed drinks bad mistake it would have been safer to drink beer. Its day 5 I'm still sick. Talking to few people from Buffalo and the were complaining of the same issue. I should have checked Trip Advisor before booking that its was rated #46. The beach was great noticed the person cleaning up the beach area that worked for the hotel grab things under the chairs of guest when they were sleeping on the beach. Watch your personal items.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Windsorites2008
<Content>Fantastic getaway My husband and I have just returned from our 1-week stay at Occidental Grand in Punta Cana. We booked it through Transat and purchased a preferred membership package for two. It is a great place for a family getaway (couples and/or with kids), honeymoons or vacations with friends. We were looking for the sun, ocean waves, pools, activities, great food and free drinks and we realized that this is THE place for us. We have found everything we were looking for and more. We have had a wonderful time and we would recommend this resort to anybody. Word of caution: If you plan on partying a lot, this resort is not the best choice. Even though there are drinks galore at all 7 bars there is not a lot of night life. There is excellent general entertainment at the main stage. You will love the ice breakers and great shows (Michael Jackson, Copa Cabana, Moulin Rouge) from 9 pm till 11 pm but then the hotel quiets down. If you are a party goer, there is a Mangu Club which gets crowded around 1 am and stays busy till about 5-6 am but that is about it.Below are just a few excellent things we noticed and enjoyed at Occidental Grand:鈥?Cleanliness and Maintenance: superb! Our rooms were cleaned/kept up twice a day and we received towels/new beach towels every day. The pools, fountains and paths were spotless and maintained several times a day. It looked as if nothing was ever touched! We also received a free bottle of Dominican Rum and a fruit platter.鈥?Friendliness and Promptness of staff: very friendly and helpful. We had a problem with our key card and once we asked a security guard of our building we got help within 5 minutes and got inside our room. 鈥?Facilities: the pools are big (the main one is huge), clean and very inviting to go for a dip! There is a gym, archery, a basketball court, a spa, a gift shop and other facilities available at the resort.鈥?Food and Drinks: great variety of food and you will find something to eat/munch on 24/7. On top of the main restaurant, beach restaurant, pizza parlour, taco and snack bars, there are also four specialty restaurants: Italian, Brazilian, Mexican and Oriental. The food was delicious and there is something for every taste whether you are a vegetarian or a meat-eater. Just a hint: even though you have reservations made for you ahead of time, you can change the times and dates if you would like as well as go an extra time without a reservation. We had a chance to eat at the Oriental restaurant and enjoyed a special Christmas dinner as well as returned for a regular menu (the sushi and other oriental items were delicious). There are bars all over the place with a variety of different drinks. The bar tenders are wonderful and very quick. 鈥?Beaches: clean, lots of lounge chairs (you will find one for each member of your party for sure!), white sand and the ocean! You will also find a variety of activities such as dancing lessons, volleyball, crazy freesbie, kayaks, sail boats, etc.A great place to stay at and enjoy!!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BuffieNewYork
<Content>Mixed Emotions I just returned from Punta Cana Occidental Grand. Upon arrival I was taken back by the beautiful beach and pools that Occidental had to offer. The first two days of my vacation were great. However, on the third day (12/14/08) I became sick after eating at the Mexican Restaurant. I purchased some immodium ($3.00 per pack - 2 tablets), make sure you bring your own with you. This did not help; to date, I am still sick.I thought I would return to Punta Cana until I got sick. Eventhough the place is beautiful, I cannot return with the fear of getting sick.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>harleycustom99
<Content>excellent place to stay The hotel it says it is rated a 3.5 star well. I think it is a little better than that. I have stayed at this hotel for 6 different years throughout my stay in Punta Cana. The restraunte are great they have plenty to choose from. The brazilian restraunte is great they bring out screws to you with different meat and vegtables on it to try. You will have plenty of food to eat because they keep comeing out to serve you. The Mexican restraunte is a sit down order of the menu for your main coarse and they have a buffet for your salad and side dishes. The asian is a sit sit down order off the menu for a coarse type meal, order the tuna it was great. They have a taco joints and a pizza joint you can sit and eat on a balcony, and enjoy there show if you eat later at night. The shows they perform at night are excellent. The buffet is great also there is many different things to eat there that will please your taste buds. The people that perform them have been there for years and are one of the best shows that I have ever seen at any other resort any where. If you have any more question feel free to email me back at harleycustom99@hotmail.com I will answer any of your question that you may have. They disco the mango is little pricey but the people are great any really know how to shake that thing if you know what I mean.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>AndrewTracey
<Content>Excellent Value Just got back from the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Canaand were pleasantly surprised. Here is the breakdown:Pros- The meals at the buffet restaurants were varied and good.- The breakfasts were excellent (try the crepes, omlets and smoothies).- Although not an adult only resort, there were few kids around underfoot.- Our room (25-314) was comfortable and close to the beach.- The beaches are fantastic.- The resort was clean and the service was excellent.- The cappuccinos at the lobby bar were tasty.- Saw no bugs and did not get bitten once.- Do pay the $90 US to take the trip Catalina Island (it's well worth it).Cons- The water for showers never got hot (either it was cool to warm or just warm).- I was told by other divers that the the diving around Punta Cana is not good.- I was not impressed with the resort dive staff and the resort charges more than other companies to dive. - The tennis courts are nice but located right next to the sewer treatment plant (smell was pretty bad).- The a la carte restaurants were average.Overall, we had a good time and would recommend the resort to friends and family.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sansuntx
<Content>I'll try somewhere different next time The grounds are well kept, the pools clean. The maid staff kept our room clean, and were happy to provide extra towels, etc. on a small tip daily. Food is plentiful around the resort and was mediocre, relative to all-inclusives. The drinks were weak at the beach, but the bartender in the lobby knew how to mix them up for us. Although clean, our room accomodations were terrible, and we were refused the double bed room we had booked through our agent. I slept on a rollaway for the five days I was there, since we only had one king bed for the other party I was with. Occidental's response was that they had no responsibility to provide anything but a room. So sorry for us. Before I knew better, I booked a scuba excursion at the hut at the hotel beach. The boat was little and broken down, as was the scuba equipment, and the dives were handled dangerously and unprofessionally. Then I found a scuba provider (ScubaCaribe) at the resort next door and they are wonderful, clean and professional for any water excursion or activity you may want. I would suggest taking a walk down the beach and check them out before you book anything at the Occidental or with the reps in their lobby. You can find their ScubaCaribe sign on the beach to the left of the Occidental. They will take you on scuba/snorkel tours on the other side of the island to Catalina or Saona and seem to have a larger variety of excursions than what is offered at the Occidental.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	4	1	3	3	

<Author>CJKOttawa
<Content>Great value for the $ If you're looking for decent value for your dollar, this place is fine. It's no 5 star, but it's better than a 3. We were three together in a room, my daughter, my sister and me. We stayed November 29- Deember 6 The room, with the exception of the bathroom, was lovely. The bathrooms desperately need a facelift, but we were three females in one room, and managed fine. There was one morning with no hot water, and one late night with no water at all - that was the extent of our water challenges.The buffet was ok - breakfast was the best meal of the day and diner was ok - I'm a pretty fussy eater but managed to always find something suitable. The pizza place was great, Italian food was good but understaffed therefore poor service, Mexican was nice, beach ranchon for lunch was pretty decent, Brazalian was fine too... everything truly was just fine - not spectacular - but fine. The bar service was usually not bad; sometimes a little busy and a wait involved but not serious. I highly recommend ordering a caperinha (proncounced something like ki-pair-een-ya - available at any of the bars and delicious - watch for the rum quantity!! It's originally Brazilian I think although the DR claims it as their equivalent to Cuba's Mojito! Mmmmm - Getting a beach chair was not usually a problem at all, although getting a palapa required an early morning excursion to the beach, but even without a palapa, moving ones chair around on the beach to capture the shade from the palms overhead was doable.Overall, decent room, nice grounds, mostly decent food, nice staff who try hard. Would I go back - sure - if I was after a reasonably priced getaway. It cost a little over $900 for a week from Ottawa so quite reasonable. If I wanted more, I know I need to pay more.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>itismeap
<Content>Nice resort - shame about hot water problems Overall the place was nice however we had hot water problems throughout. First we were in block 25 and every time we go to shower the water would be cold/luke warm. We complained they sent around a maintenance guy who checked the water then 鈥榳ait 20 minutes and it will be okay鈥? We waited over an hour and same problem. We complained again and eventually got moved to block 23. Moved here first time the water was hot. That afternoon, same problem. Complained. They sent someone who said to 鈥榳ait 20 minutes and it will be hot鈥? Waited, same issue. Complained about 4 more times asking for manager and eventually on the second to last day got moved to their royal club which was excellent. Again the place itself was nice however this problem and the way they handled it spoilt most of the trip. in total we must have complained about 9 times about the water..Normally we are that too fussy about most things however we do expect to get warm/hot water!Remember to haggle/bargin on EVERYTHING, if they won鈥檛 budge then you will find someone else selling it. This applies to souvenirs and activites!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>trashedbunny
<Content>Great Resort!       Mangu Disco Bar bus ride  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Teenieone
<Content>Our stay at The Occidental Grand was Fantastic My Husband and I stayed at The Occidental Grand Flamenco November 14th thru November 22nd. It was our second trip to the Dominican Republic but our first stay at this particular resort. We booked through Liberty Travel and originally were booked at The Riu Bamboo in a standard room but our travel agent was notified of a sale and was able to get us a Junior Suite at The Occidental Grand Flamenco for the same amount of money and this resort had so much more to offer than the Riu Bamboo.I have read both the good and bad reviews on this resort and I find it hard to believe that anyone could write a totally bad review on this resort. It's like they must have stayed at a totally different resort that the one we stayed at.Our flight from Boston into Punta Cana was great - no complaints. Arrived at the airport in Punta Cana and you realize you're in the Caribbean once you step off the jet - it was hot and ofcourse We were dressed for winter after leaving cold temperatures. But it was a welcomed change for us.Our trip from the Airport to the Resort took approximately 20 to 30 minutes. We had a very easy check in as there was just us and another couple being dropped off at The Occidental Grand Flamenco. We were waited on by very helpful guest service representative. They had given us a First Floor Room and We had requested an upper level room - No Problem at all, they checked their inventory and gave us a second floor room in Building 24 - Room 205. We were driven to our room in a little golf cart and the two bell hops pointed out where everything was on our way there. The Resort is VERY Large. Once at our building they carried our luggage up and then showed us our room and made sure we were comfortable and happy with the room. We were very happy and had no complaints. We had a junior suite which was decorated nicely with our own balcony, a sitting area, large king bed and a good sized bathroom. We had plenty of closet space and drawers to put our clothes in. Room came with a mini fridge which had soda, water and beer in it. Also comes equipped with a hairdryer, iron and ironing board which is great as we didn't have to lug these items with us.The only issue we had in regards to our room  housekeeping was that they do not seem to stock Wash Cloths. I spoke to our cleaning lady and she did her best to get us wash cloths but we were able to remedy the problem without much issue by requesting another Sponge. In the bathroom you get a guest packet and it comes with a nice bath sponge. We requested a second one and we were set to go...........No big deal.Our Housekeeper was attentive and aimed to please if we asked for extra towels or anything like that. I must comment on the cleaning staff at this resort - they are always busy doing something - you never catch them just hanging around doing nothing - I believe they have a good work ethic and are pleased to have a job at the resort.The resort has a Buffet restaurant which is Ok.It offered a variety of items so you could always find something.I wouldn't rave about the food at the buffet but it sustained us and we didn't go hungry. I found the Pasta Station to be a safe choice as they made it up to your specifications. The breakfast buffet is wonderful - always found numerous breakfast items we liked which included french toast, waffles, pancakes, omlettes, fried eggs, poached eggs, sausage etc............Never saw Bacon though.There are a few specialty restaurants which are included in the all inclusive package. A wonderful Mexican Restaurant located on the 2nd level near the grand staircase. There was an Italian Restaurant which was very good. Also a Pizza Place that offered the most delicious pizza and they were open until 6 in the morning if you were hungry. Also on the second level is a Taco place that makes all sorts of tacos including a shrimp taco which is delicious. On the first level there is an Oriental Restaurant which was decorated very nicely but we didn't enjoy our meal there - it's not like the chinese cuisine you'd have back home. There was a Brazilian Restaurant as well but it was closed while repairs were being done. There is also a Seafood House Restaurant that offers a lobster dinner but you have to pay $35 pp to eat there. We truly enjoyed the Buffet lunch served down by the beach - This was our favorite meal of the day. Always good choices, awesome salads  fruits and numerous food choices. Ofcourse there are several bars at the resort but we would have liked to see a bar that stayed open in the evening down by the beach - unfortunately the beach bar closes around 6pm and then you have to trek up to the Lobby Bar or the bar located near the show stage. The beach is absolutely beautiful and the water so blue - we found that there was an under-tow but if you're careful there is no problem. We spent all of our time at the Beach and only went to the pool a couple of times in the evening. I thing the Dominican Beaches are nicer than the beaches we've seen in Mexico and Jamaica. Water is warm and so enjoyable.We did a few trips while there and they were worth every penny.We did the Saona Island Trip which is an All-Day affair - Nice drive to the other side of the island where you get to see the Caribbean Sea and you enjoy a catamaran trip over to the Island and while onboard the catamaran you dance and enjoy yourselves immensly while enjoying rum cokes - you then arrive at Saona Island where a delicious buffet lunch is served and you have time to swim and relax. You then get in a large motor boat that takes you out to what they call the Natural Pool where we saw Huge Starfish and had the opportunity to swim around........Bring your Camera!!!!! They also shoot a video while you're on the Catamaran and at the Barbecue - I believe it was $30 or $40 for it and it was well worth it. What an excellent souvenir. Then it's back to shore and we board the bus for the ride home. We stopped off at a Cigar Place and shopping center on the way home. This trip was the Highlight of our Trip. We'd do it again if we visit The Dominican in the future. Our 2nd day trip was the Jungle Safari Trip which took us to a Sugar Plantation, a Farm where we saw coffee and cocoa being grown along with the numerous fruits and vegetable grown there.After that we went to a Ranch we're we went horseback riding and had an excellent barbecue lunch. We stopped off at a local school - bring lollipops with you from home to give to the kids.They charge you $5 for a bag of lollipops at the shopping center whereas you can get a huge bag a Walmart for a couple of dollars. The kids loved seeing us and ofcourse enjoyed the candy. We then stopped off at a quiet, remote beach which offered beautiful scenery. Our last stop was a shopping center where we were able to purchase cigars, Rum, Mamajuana the local drink which they call their version of liquid viagara., Dominican Spices and some jewelery items . It was a nice trip and one I'd totally recommend.Our last excursion off the resort was The ATV trip and that was just an all around Fun Trip!!!! My husband and I rode double on the ATV on a guided tour. What a blast. We had a leader and other guides along the tour with us and approximately 15 other people. We went to an underground cave where you could swim (similar to a Cenote in Mexico).We rode out to a quite beach area where we stopped and could swim or walk the beach. I'd say we were on the ATV's for a good two hours or more. They also shoot a video while on this tour ($30) and let me tell you they do a great job. It's worth the money for this great rememberance. We did walk down to the marketplace area a couple of times.When you walk down to the beach you take a right and walk approximately 15 to 20 minutes and you come to the marketplace. It's a great place to pick up your souviniers as they're overpriced at the resort. Only thing is the People selling the stuff can be overbearing but if you say NO often enough they back off. Make sure you barter as they'll drop their price to 50% or less of what they're asking.I know my review was long but I wanted to cover everything.It was a wonderful vacation, lots of sunshine and nice weather.The Resort itself is huge but very nice with well manicured grounds and very nice accomodations. We had no complaints. Only two things we would have liked and that would be to have a Beach Bar open into the evening down by the beach as it's just so beautiful down there and the other would be to have more variety on the dinner menu but we never starved as there was always something that would strike your fancy.We found the Dominican People at the Resort to be very nice and very helpful. Their native language is Spanish but most of the Dominican People at the Resort spoke some english (even if it was broken english). I felt they ALL did a great job at making our vacation so nice.I would recommend this resort to anyone. I saw families with children there having a great time and I saw numerous couples like ourselves just sitting back and relaxing and enjoying the beach and resort. We met several other couples while on vacation and enjoyed socializing with them. We found the majority of fellow travelers to be very nice.I hope my review is helpful to those of you who are considering going to The Occidental Grand - we found it to be very nice.Back in 2005 we were in the Dominican and we stayed at The Iberostar Punta Cana and I can honestly say I liked the Occidental Grand much more.Happy Vacations!!!!!.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smile4you30
<Content>Very good vacations We stayed at the hotel from dec 1st to 8th. We really enjoyed it. We were in the section for the Transat Premium, which is really good located.. Near the beach and the restaurant. The beach is so beautiful!We had a private section so there was always chairs that were available. The food was different everyday and very good.. Of course you have some food that is similar but overall it's good! We went to 2 restaurant ( Italian and Grill) and there is enough choice to satisfied everyone. The rooms are beautiful and there's enough space. No problem with the room.. The only things that are kinda bad to me is the service in the buffet.. I think they should have more employees.. I will recommand this hotel anytime  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>lovepalmtrees23
<Content>Amazing.. beyond expectations I cannot say better things about this resort. I read plenty of reviews before we left and I was a little worried about the negative ones--they are all wrong. I went with my boyfriend and we had the most amazing time ever--completely beyond our expectations. The best thing about this resort is the service. These people do absolutely everything to ensure that you are taken care of. It's unbelievable how they will go out of their way to help you, or ensure everything is perfect for you. The a-la-carte restaurant service was amazing and the food was delicious! They are constantly refilling your drink or getting you more wine, and there is hardly any wait for food.The buffet had more than enough food for any tastes and once again the service is impeccable.The beach.. is the nicest I have ever seen in any resort I have ever gone to in the carribean. We walked down the entire beach one day and no beach is as beautiful as the one on Occidental. There is no seaweed or junk in the water, its completely clear-- the other resorts we passed even the 5-star resorts had messy beaches. At the Occidental there was constantly somone sweeping the beach for seaweed so everything was completely clean.The grounds are constantly being cleaned by the workers, even when they already look perfect. Sweeping sand or pruning the trees.The only complaints I would have are a) they say you have a safe in your room and you do.. but must pay $25 a weekand b) we were supposed to go to Dolphin Island and set it up through our Air Canada representative, Mylene. The day we were set to go we were told to wait in the lobby and a bus would come take us there. A man approached us with a yellow shirt that said Dolphin Island on one side and Maniti Park on the other. We told him we were going to Dolphin Island and he told us that we were to go with him. We got on the bus as it came, but we were a little unsure because we knew Maniti Park was a different place but he assured us we were going to Dolphin Island. We get to our destination and it was not Dolphin Island but Maniti Park, a dirty deserted park in the middle of nowhere. He tells us we are here and just leaves and gets off the bus before we can protest. We had to wait 3 hours until someone from Dolphin Island picked us up and by that time it was too late and we had to go back the next day.What we didn't know was that this man come to the resort everyday to try and get people to go to Maniti Park. He even had the nerve to approach us the next day when we were in the lobby to go. Other than that the vacation was perfect!And i would absolutely recomment Dolphin Island-- highlight of our trip although it was a little pricey and defininetly purchace the professional pictures-- they are worth it!My boyfriend and I went seperately so we could take our own pictures, but we gave in and bought the professional-- they are so good!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Sazp
<Content>Occidental Grand Brilliant       Our room  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>THECLASSICSOULBAND
<Content>Happy Holdays A very nice resort with a beautiful beach ,excellent staff and well managed . The Royal club is a very nice area with private pool , private restaurant and private beach . Nothing is too much trouble for the staff in the Royal Club , they are very friendly and well trained .I have been to numerous resorts on Caribbean islands , this one ranks along with the best .I had a problem (not directly the fault of the hotel) that needed to be sorted out . I had a nice relaxed meeting over coffee with the GM , and the problem was solved in no time at all !Give the Occidental Grand a try .  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	3	3	5	3	

<Author>ladykennedy
<Content>OK. Great Beach. Friendly people @ The Occidental Grand       Walking on the beach for kms and kms was nice  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dorisitauno
<Content>Jail in Paradice       My Bed and Boooze  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macdhukennel
<Content>Loved the Royal Club. We had a great time at the Royal Club. All the staff could 'nt have been any nicer and went out of there way to see we were pleased with everything even the domestic staff (maids etc.) remembered us as repeat customers.The suite we had was really comfortable and the bar was well stocked with licquor and soft drinks.  The little petit fours at bedtime was a really nice touch. We have been members since 2005 and have enjoyed staying at the Grand so much we are returning again in February 2009 for another vacation, that will be our third trip to the same hotel and our fifth to the Dominican Republic.Everybody from the beach bar staff to the General Manager went out of there way to ensure we had a good time and a pleasant holiday. scottie canfield  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JecaPereca
<Content>Amazing Vacation       Pool  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jorge27
<Content>loved it The hotel is quite beautiful, the staff very friendly. Too many time share people on the premises though, watch out for them. The specialty restaurants are unorganized, ie, they have 8 menus for 100 people, so patience is required, it took an hour to order a drink and appetizer. They have 2 seatings only, so everyone is there at the same time. The pizza place is excellent. Beach and water are fabulous, no rocks, crystal clear, clean. (beware of sand fleas and no seeums, bring deet) Shortage of hot water at times (i guess all shower at the same time) Do try mama juana, a wonderul drink known in th dominican. Yuo can walk to the local town, Steves Bar, or for shopping  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Norskejenta
<Content>Just a perfect vacation, loved it...:) We stayed at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana from July 3 until July 17, and just loved it. We didn't experience any of the bad things from some of the other rewiews. Me, my husband and our two children,age 4 and 6 arrived around 6 PM after a long flight from Norway. The check-in was done 5 minutes after arrival...should mention that we took a taxi from airport instead of buss, so we were the only people arriving at that time. We got our room in building 11. The room was old and not so nice, but it was clean, and that was most important. We didn't come here to stay in our room anyway.The resort is just beautiful, well-kept and very clean grounds. The pool-areas are very nice, the pool is clean.The beach is just stunning, and we spent most of the days here...After two days I just went to the desk and asked for an upgrade of our room, we knew there were nicer rooms at the hotel than the one we had. No problems at all...we got a new room right away, in building 26, closest to the beach. And this room was like coming to a new hotel. It was so nice...The food at this resort is good. We loved the breakfast-buffet and the beach-buffet. The only negative was that it was really hard to get seats in the A la-carts.. We tried the steak-house, it was ok, nothing more... But the Mexican was very,very good...the food and service was just outstanding...The pizza and taco places upstairs are also safe choices...All the staff at the resort was very nice and friendly with us,and they just loved our kids. We didn't leave the resort much, just a trip to the Manati Park...what a waste of time...don't spend money going there...really boring park.We really loved our stay at this resort, the weather was perfect all days.We will most likely return to this resort again soon...:)  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>nyc_chik
<Content>Really great resort...but organization must be improved       Royal Club section of the beach  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>LR2008
<Content>Ignore the bad reviews My daughter and I spent a week at the Occidental Grand from 9 to 16 November. As other reviewers have commented, we wondered if those who wrote bad reviews actually stayed at the same place. Our junior suite was comfortable and clean, and certainly spacious enough for the two of us. We were in building 12 which is quite close to the beach and we had ocean glimpses from our balcony. The housekeeping staff did a good job keeping our room clean and tidy. In general, we found the staff to be very pleasant and friendly. We received good service (and strong drinks) at the bars, irrespective of whether or not we tipped. We are vegetarians and were very surprised to find so many vegetarian choices at the buffets and the a la cartes - in our experience this is unusual for all inclusives and we usually end up eating salad for a week. The food wasn't outstanding but was of reasonably good quality. We particularly liked the beach buffet for lunch, the pizzeria, the taco stand and the mexican a la carte. The grounds were well maintained and the beach was lovely. We found a nice shady spot under the palm trees adjacent to building 13 and very handy for the small beach bar. The young bartender there mixes the best drinks at the resort. We would certainly return to the Occidental Grande and would have no hesitation recommending the resort for anyone looking for a peaceful, relaxing get away.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>TravellerTrenton
<Content>If you go...book the Royal Club We went to the Occidental from Nov 8th - 15th. I booked the Royal Club because it was very reasonably priced and I liked the added perks, separate pool, separate restaurant with preferred seating for other restaurants, separate check-in which meant our own concierge. I am glad we did because I heard alot of people in the regular rooms complaining about the rooms and service. I have to say we are very very glad we booked the Royal Club, it was all we expected it to be and more and if we went back which we might due to the resonable price, we would ONLY book the Royal Club again. I saw many families, large ones, enjoying the rest of the resort but it seemed like couples, honeymooners would have been much happier to book the Royal Club. The food on the resort was OK, we really enjoyed the Mexican place, the Italian was so-so and so was the steak place, we did not try the Oriental. Again, the Royal Club restaurant and service was fantastic for all meals so we spent alot of them there, we even enjoyed the lobster dinner on the beach, which was a once in a lifetime experience. Affordable too.Our room was nice, always clean. There was one power outage while we were there, in a restaurant but it didn't last long, and our hot water was fine.The drinks were good although I like the idea of an enclosed bar where it's easier to meet and hang out with people as opposed to the massive lobby bar, but we had fun anyway.I think it's a gamble staying here, but if you can afford it, the Royal Club does not dissappoint, in any respect. Enjoy have fun, you're on vacation, don't let little things spoil it.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Oceanpearl77
<Content>Had the best time........LOVED IT!! My husband and I just got back from a week at the Occidental and had the absolute best time! When I read the other reviews I can't help but think they either just had really bad luck or are complainers. Mind you, we had already decided to have a great time before we got there:) We had the premium club which came with a few perks. We had our own check-in which took about 3 minutes and were greeted with a yummy cocktail. Our room was on the 2nd floor of building 24, overlooking the small pool. We loved the room; vaulted ceiling, nice tile floor, huge bed, nice bathroom, huge balcony with tropical plants surrounding it. Sure the toilet took a while to flush, but it always did. We left the maid $10 and a little note on the first day and we always got beer in our fridge. Sometimes the maids didn't come until 3 or 4 pm but we didn't care, we were on the beach or at the bar all the time having fun! They would mop the floor and change the bedding. The staff was very cheerful and would always smile and say hola!Our building was close to the beach, which we LOVED. I have traveled all around the world and this one of the best beaches I have seen. We spent every day, all day at the beach and didn't do any excursions since we only had 6 full days and didn't want to miss any beach time. If we had stayed for longer we would have booked some excursions. The guys come around and try to sell you stuff but just say no gracias and they walk off. They were never rude and soon they got to know us and that we weren't interested, then they wouldn't even come over. Anyway, it's part of the experience. We partied on the beach and met loads of awesome people from all over the world. The beach buffet is awesome, great atmosphere. Load up a plate of fresh fruit and bring it back to the beach along with a couple of tropical drinks! What could be better? The breakfast is good too - we mostly ate fruit, yogurt and eggs and toast. There are some gross things in the all the buffets though for sure, but there is enough selection to find something. The a la cartes were terrible, after trying the oriental, the italian and the mexican we just stuck to the buffet. You can also find yummy food at the pizza place (open till 6 am!), the tacqueria and home rum, which is a burger/hot dog joint with yummy fries. We were never hungry. However, after a week, it did start to get repetitive. I can't really see a way to avoid this at any all inclusive though. The lobby bar rocked, we had a favorite couch, we'd sit and drink and smoke cigars and eventually would have a table of friends from around the world. SO FUN! Tip the bartenders a few dollars a day and get the best service. We NEVER had to wait for a a drink and the bartenders just made our drinks when we called their name. The staff don't make much so a dollar or two makes a huge difference to them.One night we went to Mangu's and danced and danced till like 4 in the morning. The drinks are all good except the wine is disgusting. We never had a problem getting drunk! The swim up bar was fun but it would always end up flooding and so did the bathrooms underneath. They would put out a wet floor sign but there was like 5 inches of water and the toilets didn't flush, sort of gross. But that only happened a few times. One night the power went out a night for an hour. It was hilarious! Everyone was hooting and hollering and we made friends by talking from balcony to balcony. They ended up coming over to ours and we drank rum until the power came on. Also one afternoon there was no water so we just rinsed off the salt in the pool and went out. Whatever, it's third world country so you just have to roll with it. I think we had a good crowd when we were there, cuz everyone seemed to be having a blast (or maybe that's the crowed we attracted lol) and nobody complained about their rooms or the power or water issues. There was a lot of complaints about the food though.Anyway, you're on vacation. Chill out, have a drink, lounge around and definitely don't wear a watch! It's great place with the best tropical vibe! SALUD!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ParadiseToronto
<Content>Watch your belongings !! My husband, baby and toddler daughters and myself booked a 2 week stay (our annual family trip) at this resort this year for November. As we pulled up to the hotel, we thought Wow, beautiful looking place!! That didn't last long. We checked in around 10:30pm and at that time, were told that no safe keys were available and to return the next morning for a key. We left our room for literally 10 minutes after dropping off our bags and returned to find ALL OF OUR VALUABLES HAD BEEN STOLEN !! My husband was at the front desk until 3:00AM fighting with them to call a manager (which by the way they don't have on duty at night). No manager was called, no police were called and we later learned that in fact, 3 rooms in our building (#25) were robbed. We received no compensation and were given the runaround up until the time we left. We were sent to another hotel so that the manager, Carlos, could have us out of his hair and have the 'problem' disappear. Moral of this story - DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL - NO ONE CAN BE TRUSTED !!! Between the 3 rooms that were robbed, over $5,000 in money and valuables were stolen. Not worth the risk!!!!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>STEPHER56
<Content>Do not stay at the Occidental We were one of the fortunate couples that had a room that wasnt falling apart. Our good luck stopped there. The food was horrible, especially the buffet. We mostly ate pizza and tacos from upstairs to survive. They have security on the resort but i dont understand why when they allow people to enter the resort from the street. This caused us to fall victim to a horrible ATM scam. Since they are not tracking people without wrists bands entering the resort they had no idea who the individual was that tampered with the ATM machine on the resort outside of the Mongo club. When we approcached the resort mgmt to let them know of the problem this seemed to be a regular occurence of cards being eaten by the machine. The next morning we went to pick it up and among 6 other bank cards including debit and credit cards the machine had eaten, my card was not there. We were robbed on the resort which speaks volumes about their so called security. The trip turned into a nightmare in the blink of an eye and the resort did little to help. I would not recommend this Resort as the beach was the highlight of our trip and was beautiful but there are many resorts along the strip that you could stay at with beach front.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>LisbonWinnipeg
<Content>Resort is getting old Hello,This is a brief comment about this hotel, I won't go into many details, however the simple fact is the grounds are nice but the hotel is too old, we had trouble with the plumbing in our room, the water was turned off a few times during the day which I think is an ongoing problem, the problem with the piping is a bigger issue than what meets the eye, we think it's the infrastructure. The food at the buffet was not bad but I found the a la carte restaurants really bad, the wine specially was not good and it seemed watered down and it didn't even taste like wine, the waiter poured wine in our glasses and when we tasted it, it tasted like vinegar, we asked him to take our glasses away, and also if he could give us wine from a different bottle, we think he went into the kitchen and poured the wine from our glasses into another bottle, it tasted exactly the same and it had enough for two glasses, everyone was complaining about it.All and all, I and my husband had a good holiday, we liked the beach, we are simple people. however I would not go back to this hotel again..  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	1	2	2	

<Author>JogaBonito
<Content>You get what you pay for...really. We booked our trip the week or two before we left. We traveled back in May of 2008, about 6 months ago...We paid only $1800 for both of us combined, amazing! But the sadly, the resort definitely had its problems...Thankfully, we're both laid-back and aren't going to let some issues get in the way of having a good vacation. The night we arrived, we got to the hotel around 10pm...it was pitch black, save for the lit candles inside the lobby. There was a power outage on the resort! We checked in amidst the darkness, and then were driven to our building. The bell-boy took our luggage up to our room and showed us inside...waiting for our approval. UM....it's still pitch black, and the glow of his cell-phone, although innovative, was not going to help us determine if it was acceptable. We said it was fine. Overall...during our 7-night stay, we had 3 power outages...also, in our room (not sure how many others in the same building had this problem), we were lacking hot water in the shower...the tap at the bottom worked, but the hot water could not find it's way to the shower head! Cold showers and 3 power outages...yikes....Oh yes, also, the resort has 3 pools...the main pool, the club pool, and the smaller, quieter one right behind our building...unfortunately that smaller, quieter pool had a sewage backup and was shut down! YIKES.The food at the a la cartes...not-so-good. The Chinese was excellent, and the Taco place upstairs was awesome...the rest was just awful. The Buffet was the best bet (but you can rarely ever go wrong with a buffet!).The maid service was a bit slow...some days we returned to our room at 3pm or 4pm and the beds were still not made, and there were still no new towels. When it was done though, they did it well. Aside from these negatives, we found ways to truly enjoy ourselves. The first weekend of our stay was during the USA's Memorial Day weekend (or something) so there was a massive party happening hosted by radio stations HOT 97...great - if you're like us and looking for a party! We met a lot of great people, the music and entertainment were awesome...the staff was fairly courteous (not outstanding but not disappointing). The nightly shows were fun and very entertaining. The drinks were always made just right :-)The beach was relatively clean...the pools (except the clogged up one) and their surrounding areas were kept very clean.If you're looking for a fabulous vacation, I wouldn't recommend this resort...but if you're looking for just a place to stay, you won't do too bad here.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Minley
<Content>Don't even bother! Let me start by saying perhaps this hotel is an okay once you actually get a room but my experience with the hotel staff was horrible!My boyfriend and I booked though expedia for a long weekend trip to Punta Cana and chose this hotel. When we got there around 4 pm and went to check in we were told they didn鈥檛 have reservation for us. We showed them our confirmation from expedia and they said that they have been booked, didn鈥檛 have any rooms available, said we would need to take it up with Expedia and proceeded to push us to the side. Meanwhile I overheard a disgruntled guest complaining about her room and demanding a new one...the hotel manager was not friendly to her either. Now, I know that 90% of this situation is the Expedias fault but the fact that the hotel wouldn鈥檛 even TRY to help us out is unacceptable. Here we are, in a different country, don鈥檛 speak the language, no flights out and are being told that they don鈥檛 have any rooms and won鈥檛 help! There was an Expedia representative in the hotel lobby but when we asked for his help he said his shift was over and he had to leave to go to another hotel. We then had to use our personal cell phones to call expedia, sit on hold for over 45 minutes while they transferred the call from person to person and tried to get their act together, keep in mind we are going to be charged international roaming minutes, $1.99 per minute, and were finally booked a different hotel, the Catalonia Bavaro.So, we go to leave, ask the door-man to call us a cab and instead he goes to get the manager to tell him that we are leaving. It is now after 7pm, more than 3 hours later! The manager approaches us and says you want a room?! Come on, I give you a room! ARE YOU KIDDING ME! MORE THAN 3 HOURS LATER, AFTER PUSHING US ASIDE, NOT HELPING US, NOT OFFERING US EVEN A DRINK OF WATER AND YOU ARE GOING TO ASK IF WE WANT A ROOM?!At that point I didn鈥檛 even want to stay there...I would have paid double just to get the heck out of that place.So, we go over the Catalonia Bavaro, best resort ever, and when we get there they can鈥檛 find us in the system either...only difference is this time they could sense our frustration so they said you must be hungry! We will call Expedia and get this taken care of and you guys go to one of our Restaurants and have dinner. Sure enough, when we were done eating they had everything worked out and the rest of the vacation was wonderful. Long story short: When it comes down to customer service the Occidental Grand Punta Cana is by far the worst. Don鈥檛 even waste your time!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>HoneyX2
<Content>Vacaciones Especiales !!! We just returned from Punta Cana and stayed at the Occidental. Our over-all experience was great. The resort was one of the most attractive we've been to; very well maintained and very clean. Our room was comfortable and the services provided were excellent. Starting with the friendly welcome when checking in to all the friendly staff members greeting you with a smile. The grounds were very secure and beautiful. The entertainment group were great as well. The one down-fall which we really had to agree with some of the other reviews was the food... Aside from eating at the Italian Restaurant three evenings out of our seven day stay - we didn't enjoy the options all that much. There was a lot available (several times repetitive) however I could not honestly say it was tasteful. This is usually the case any time you go to an all inclusive. The rest of experience however was a fabulous one and that out weighs not eating well for a week!Flamingo Especial made with orange juice - muy bueno!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>c0c0nut3
<Content>Great vacation This is a great hotel. I loved my vacation. The staff is very friendly and give great service. The grounds are beautiful, palm trees everywhere, 3 pools and a bar in the main pool, the beach is fabulous and not dirty at all, no weeds or anything. The rooms are very nice and clean, no bugs, good ac, a lot of movies on tv, the mini bar is filled everyday, and the bed is huge. There are many restaurants to chose from. The food is generally pretty good, a few so so things but overall good. You must try the taco and the pizza restaurants, it's amazing, so good. You will not regret. There are many bars where you can get unlimited drinks, anything you want, but beware the pina colada's are great but they are a laxative (coconut and pineapple) so don't drink to many. There are shows everyday for the hole family to enjoy, and they are always different, the dancers and entertainers are very good. At night, the party continues in the lobby after the show with live music. There is also a club (Mangu) right outside the hotel, it's the main club in Punta Cana it's a great place with good music, it's open all night long everyday of the week and it's free to get in if you are staying at the occidental. You must go at least once. If you like shopping, there are a few stores right outside the lobby or you can go to the market on the beach (20 minutes), or the market in town (10 minutes), how ever if you go to those markets be ready to be harassed by the sales people to in to their store, you can however bargain a lot with them and get good prices. The last thing to be careful about is the people with hawaiian shirts at the hotel, they tell you they want to give you presents if you listen to a presentation about the hotel, but it's not true they are trying to sell you time shares...so if you are not interested don't go, tell them you went already and they will leave you alone.So to recap:-great food-great service -Big rooms, very clean-Very nice beach-good entertainmentOverall a great vacation I would recommend it to anyone, great memories!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JJDriver
<Content>Go to the Paradisus!!!! We have had a great time at other Occidental resorts, but this was not worth the money. After one night there we transferred to the Paradisus Punta Cana which I would highly recommend. Also, some of the things that happened was bad luck for us.飩?During check-in our reservation was lost. After 45 minutes they found it and took us to our room where the key didn鈥檛 work. After getting another key we found that the room was occupied. After going back again we found the right room.飩?Our first room had wet floors and mold growing on the wall. I believe it had been cleaned earlier in the day and not allowed to dry so it was like walking into an old basement. Lauren is allergic to mold and immediately started sneezing and having trouble breathing.飩?When we asked our concierge for another room he did not want to help because he was afraid we were going to go to another building. (Each building has a concierge. We were told right away that they make a commission off any tours we book so they didn鈥檛 want you to use another tour operator.) We finally left and went to the front desk where the clerk did not want to help and we were brushed off after being told every room was full. I found another clerk who was more helpful and was able to find us another room. After tipping him he went back and found an ocean front room for us, which turned out to be a big improvement over the first room. This whole process took over three hours.飩?There鈥檚 a disco on the property that plays the music so loud that it sounds like the club is directly outside the room even with all the doors and windows closed. Our room was facing the beach and the disco is at the other end of the property. The music played from 9pm to 1am. (We could hear it walking on the beach at the Paradisus, about a half-mile down the beach, the next night.)飩?The second room was much nicer than the first, but there was still mold growing on the walls, the floor would sweat in places, and the shower had large rust spots. Lauren was still having sinus problems due to the mold.飩?The hotel allows other tour operators on the property. Every time we went anywhere near the lobby we would be swarmed with people trying to sell us tours. You would have to be almost forceful for them to leave you alone.飩?We had to get our room key reset two more times during the time we were there. The concierge is not able to ask them for a new key so it requires a ten-minute walk each way to the front desk. 飩?When we transferred to the Paradisus many of their employees came from the Occidental and asked about our problems as if it was common knowledge. We were in our room in less than twenty minutes.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>metalmicky0_0Uk
<Content>Could be made Better Just returned from the occidental,The holliday was just ok no more .Good PiontsBig rooms but basic,Good air con,Tv good lots of films,lovely grounds,Nice pools ,Every where is clean.Not so good pointsThe worst allinclusive food we have had.lots of queing,waiting for food to be cooked ,no air con in restuarants.No food for the kids eg fries etc.Poor service with the exeption of a few (tips helped a bit but youhad to tip at the start of your meal.) There was no hot water for all of our stay.It was to big for us lots of walking think theam park size.To many people trying to sell you holliday club every where you go,the big pool only has a swim up bar with a water fall over it so its hard to get your drinks out not containing pool water.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>yasmineMontreal
<Content>It was an OK experience The experience overall was all right. The beach was gorgeous and the rooms were clean, The resort is very pretty and well maintained. The staff is friendly and whatever minor plumbing problems our room had was taken care of very quickly. Our complaint was the food was terrible and repetitive and the different restaurants were not always available... Also the wine they serve is horrible. When i got home I received a shocking surprise.... I made the mistake of withdrawing 500 pesos ( $ 17.00) from the lobby ATM and was charged $ 17.80 of service charge on top of my withdrawel and the ATM never said they would be a charge. So DO NOT use the ATM in the lobby.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>smykeroo
<Content>Good Times       Pool side  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Wayneman
<Content>Needs Some Work!       View from the beach!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>drdidi
<Content>Nice       BEACH  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>CharSJ
<Content>Awesome time...great resort!!!!! We stayed at the Occidental Grand in Punta Cana in Oct 11-19. Had a wonderful time. This is a great resort with a lot of activities and the night life is great. If you like late night entertainment you will love the Disco.....very entertaining.The beach is beautiful, rooms are clean and staff is VERY friendly. The food was not great but during our stay there was only one restaurant open so the buffet got a little boring...always the same food. The drinks were tasty though!!!! The Oriental restaurant was very good.Weather was amazing....sun everyday. This is my second time at this resort and this trip was even better than the last. Good Times....would definately recommend!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Juicebox22
<Content>Absolutely AMAZING Vacation! This resort is absolutely amazing and I had a blast. I stayed at this resort from October 11th to October 18th,2008 and it feels like it passed too fast. I have to say that the staff was great. Everyone was super helpful, friendly and very efficient. We made friends with all of them which made our trip even more special. -Check in and Check out was a breeze and they really go out of the way to accommodate your every need. - At the restaurants, the waiters and hostesses were very friendly and actually interact with the guests. Plus, service was very quick.- The entertainment team was a riot. During the day they play games at the beach and at pools and you always have a good time. There is always some kind of activity you can do here, you will never be bored. The shows at night were hilarious and you really enjoy the performances-but remember they are not top notch professionals here. The rooms are beautiful and are always kept very clean. My only suggestion is that travelers request rooms on the second or third floor of the buildings because the rooms on the ground floor have much more humidity which means that the floor can stay slightly damp (but it is not such a big deal anyway)The food was good. You can always find something you like at the buffet, and there is a Pizzeria and Taco take out open 24 hours that is awesome. The A la Carte Restaurants where good- the Italian one was the only one I did not particularly enjoy - but the Mexican and Asian ones were worthwhile. The nightclub was super FUN. It is open to locals as well so you get to meet tons of people. The dancing can get pretty wild in there so be prepared to let loose. The BEACH was gorgeous. We would spend our days lounging on the chairs.... It is paradise.The only downside to my trip is that it ended too quickly. I would personally go back to this resort ASAP and next time I'll stay 2 weeks.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kuc143
<Content>you should stay at the Melia From check-in to check-out, the worst trip I have taken in the past 10 years. The room smelled moldy, the food tasted like the room. The service was by far the worst, even with tips. So we stopped. My husband puctured his foot with a rusty nail on the beach. And I thought the beach was the best part until that happened. Upper Management did care about that either. I stayed at the Melia last year and LOVED THE MELIA. That is where I should have stayed!!!!! Never go to the Occidental Grand Punta Cana.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>bellaitaliana_8
<Content>Amazing Vacation!! Ignore the bad reviews. My boyfriend and I went to the Occidental Grand Punta Cana the week of September 21-28. The only downfall about this vacation was that it rained for almost 4 days! But that didn't stop us from having a great time. I have to say that, check-in for us was a breeze! it took about maximun 10 minutes. We arrived at our room the Tv was not functional neither was the air conditioning, but that problem was fixed in a matter of 10 minutes! The food was great. The buffet was average, but you always manage to find something you like. All the a la carte restaurants were good except the italian restaurant, being italian myself the food was edible. The only problem was that for some reason they serve you the 2 main dishes at the same time!!??? I had a plate of pasta and my salmon all at the same time! really not fun and by the tim ei was fone with my pasta dish my salmon was cold! pretty weird. The good thing about this resort is that you have a pizzeria and a taco place open 24 hours, its great! Communication with the staff was not difficult at all for us considering my boyfriend does speak spanish, I have to say we were indeed treated differently, which made it all the better for us. One thing we do recommend is doing excursions, especially the Outback Safari we had an awesome time and the staff really know how to make you have fun! The horseback riding on the beach was fantastic, so was the speed boat excursion. I definately recommend doing those.Reading the previous reviews we did not have a problem with people coming up to us for timeshares, we did see them but for some reason did not approach us which was good. Overall, I do recommend this hotel to everyone, please ignore all the bad reviews cause for some reason its only snobby american people that give bad reviews, the canadians don't seem to have a problem! Its a 3rd world country what do u expect??? Chillax you're on vacation!! Enjoy it!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bill73met
<Content>excellent vacation My wife and I stayed at the Occidental Grand in January 2008. The weather was beautiful. Don't forget the sunblock. Our flight was delayed which kind of sucked because we didn't get to the resort until around 1:30 am. We flew Air Transat from Toronto. We had the preferred club( I think they changed the name of it). We had robes and slippers, as well as clean beach towels in the room every day. This was nice because alot of people were complaining that they couldn't find where to get the beach towels. Our view kind of sucked from our room. We were on the ground floor and faced pretty much nothing. The next resort was right behind us. I would request a higher floor, due to a better view and also because the room had a smell due to the dampness. We had a problem with our bathtub in our room. It would not hold water. We complained and they did send alot of people to try to fix the problem, but it still was not fixed when we left. I know some people would lose it and say that their holiday was ruined, but we just had showers and laughed at it. A holiday is what you make of it.The food was okay. I wouldn't say excellent but okay. A la carte dinners are also okay. The brazilian restaurant was the best one i think. We ate there twice. Breakfast in the buffet was also good. We also had a place above the main pool where we could order breakfast off a menu and it was only available to people who had the preferred club. It was nice. The same restaurant also had an area for lunch which was nice.My wife and I only went on one excursion. We went to Saona Island. It is an unbelievable experience. I would highly recommend it. They pick you up early in the morning and bus you to the boat. (About an hour or so). While on the bus, they bring you through small towns where you can see how the local people live. They take you by speed boat to the Island. Really cool. You spend a few hours on the Island and they give you lunch and drinks. Oh ya, while on the speedboat, they stop at a natural pool. A sandbar way out in the ocean. You get out and play games while holding starfish. After you spend a few hours on Saona Island (very beautiful), they bring you back on a Catamaran while dancing and drinking for about 2 hours.Back to the hotel. The staff were very polite. The only thing that started to bother a bit was the timeshare people. A simple no gracias went a long way. The shows were okay and entertaining. This isn't broadway so just relax and have a good time. We also walked to a little town just outside the main hotel grounds. It was fun and lots of shopping areas to be had.The beach was absolutely beautiful. We spent most of our time lying on loungers on the beach. There is a beach bar which was nice.lolWe are not big party people so we don't have much to say about the nightlife. We did go to the Nightclub once our last night. We didn't care for it too much. First, you have to pay for your drinks. This is supposed to be all inclusive. Second, this was a nightclub for anyone. Even the locals could come in have a drink. Overall I would say that this hotel was very nice and clean. The grounds are kept very nice. I would not stay here again personally, only because my wife won't stay at the same resort twice...She wants to see a different place. So it's off to the Mayan Riviera in November.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>ScubagirlKelowna_BC
<Content>Big disappointment Booked a last minute stay at the Occidental Grand Puna Cana Sept 7 -14/08. We found the resort to be almost deserted (probably because of the week we travelled and also hurricane season). The hotel's services were somewhat limited to reflect the number of people staying there. We stayed in one of their updated rooms which was actually very nice except for the bathroom. It didn't seem to be part of the refurbishing plan. The shower head sprayed water all over the floor no matter how you positioned it. Most days we didn't have more than two bath towels and when we did request more, they came with a small hand towel at 11:00 pm. The floor was always very wet and we had to lay our merger towels down so it didn't travel out the bathroom. Poor lighting, no counterspace, toilet flushed sometimes...luke warm shower. Unless you bought into their special Club package offered at an additional fee of $20-40 per person a day, there was absolutely no service either. We spoke to people that did upgrade and the room service, food and drinks changed dramatically. If you are looking for a higher star rating, the upgrade probably will probably do it. Remember, this is a 3rd world country and their standards are different than ours. There was a lot of staff around; they were tripping over each other but perhaps only available to club members?? Communication was a huge problem - the staff didn't appear to speak a lot of English and our spanish was no better. It was almost useless to talk to them about any problem. We have never had such a problem before. The concierge in our building was constantly begging us to go to their 2 hour time share information meeting. It was awkward having to get by him as he was positioned right at the 2nd stair landing. It had rained the five days before we arrived and there were piles of towels on the tile floor in the main foyer and main restaurant entrance most of the time we were there. It seemed the ceilings leaked and the tile floor was very, very slippery. We saw quite a few people had casts and bandages for some reason or another.We didn't starve but the food got pretty mundane quickly. The a la carte were a little hard schedule as the gals at the front desk were only there a few hours each day to book. There never more than 20 people any sitting we went to and it really was no better than the regular buffet.The beach was very nice and the water beautiful...good variety of water sports. Very entertaining to watch a couple of girls having nude pictures taken by a photographer with hotel staff monitouring it. Can't say I've every seen that at a family resort before! We did go on a couple excursions including the Safari Jungle and a catamaran ride which were enjoyable. Favorite drinking hole was Steve's Bar for the coldest ever beer (right by hotel). We have done 8 trips in the past 5 years to Mexico, Cuba and one other trip to Puarta Plata, DR. This was by far our worst trip ever, 2nd only to our experience in Puarta Plata.Make sure you bring at least some school supplies, toothbrushes or something for Safari Jungle or one of the other groups to distribute to the schools directly. If you are an animal lover, you may want to donate to one of the animal societies to help all the stray animals. The local people are very nice but really struggling until the tourist season it's back in full swing. Life is sure different off the resort!Sometimes a deal isn't a deal - I guess we got what we paid for!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>mongcai
<Content>watch out, bad tast have you gone thru a bad vacation. below you will see how terrible vacation I had in last Augest 2008. this hotel is very bad. there is no hot water for shower. The water presure was very low. the partio class door was broke and the lock was not working. the room was smell chemical. water leake from the ceiling. the food was bad, there is no consistence on tast. mislead information. althought the service people try to do a good job, but the management systems and the infastructure was their. I personally talke to the senior management with all their problems. thier atttude was eight you take it or leave it. a lot of promisse, but not delevery. everything is very slow. if you request extra towels or bed. it take days or they said it is done, but when check in the room, it was not done.....ect.... never go back there again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	3	1	

<Author>Dasha_that_is
<Content>it sucked. The beach is beautiful as ever. But service was pretty bad. Seemed like no one cared unless we tipped them well. Rooms were not really cleaned well. Unless we left a tip, no one re-stocked our beer. Also, some bartenders are rude. Air conditioning in rooms is loud. Food selection is very limited. i wouldn't reccomend this resort  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>kt6769
<Content>Is this vacation over yet? Spent 5 days at the hotel and that was long enough!! Originally we had reservations for 8 days but decided to get out of Dodge. We couldn't wait to get back to the states. We will make this easy to sum up.....PROSThe beach, as all the reviews state, is beautiful and relaxing. The water is amazing and the atmosphere very relaxing. The pool was nice too. We found it to be clean and safe to swim in. The swim up bar was nice but could use an update. The only negative aspect was the smoking allowed in the swim up bar area......to the extent of people smoking in the pool. Yuck!!The people at the hotel were nice and friendly.....always saying hello and smiling. A for effort here!!CONSThe hotel itself was a bit out dated and very boring to the eye. No real flora to admire....very mundane. It reminded you of a condo/apartment complex. We happened to be there when it was raining often, therefore, the floors were EXTREMELY slippery everywhere. It was like a lawsuit ready to happen!! Although we did not experience power outages, the power source in the rooms was very old school....... out dated wiring and old outlets were common. Our room was fine and a nice size, but did feel musty and damp, giving your clothes a musty smell. The bathrooms could use a remodel and the lighting throughout the room was very dim. We did not experience any critters as other reviews have mentioned.Although, as we mentioned, we did have some rain....and with that came leaks in the room. We did have to change rooms and they did accomodate us pretty quickly. But after talking to other guests at the hotel, this was a common problem. With all this leaking, the structure of the building itself was questionable. It did not seem to be in good shape. We had good luck with having hot water in our room and the A/C worked well. The food was less than desirable and not what we expected. We are not very fussy and hardly complain, but the buffet at this resort was so typical, it felt like groundhog day!! On a trip one usually gains a few pounds........we lost some!! The restaurants were so so......they had an awkward atmosphere and the portions were quite small. Getting reservations was not much of a problem....the restaurants never seemed filled up to capacity anyway. Back to the rain we encountered.......being in the tropics, one expects this. But, we felt the hotel handled the problems that come along with the rain, very poorly. Let's put it this way....blue towels were all over the lobby catching the drips that were coming from the ceiling in numerous spots. Very tacky!! Also, in the buffet entrance way, the rain damage was so extent, the drywall was bubbling and quite a hazard. Also the entrance way was like walking through a shower.....water dripping on you like crazy!! It took the management a whole day to finally realize this was a safety issue and close down that entrance to the buffet.We did not get to enjoy the excursions due to the tropical depression. The hotel did promote a trip to a local cigar factory....what a JOKE!! If, by chance, you decide to make reservations at this hotel, do NOT take this tour.......horrible experience!!! The front desk employees recommended this tour with no obligation to buy. What a crock........the cigar factory made you feel like you had to buy or there was no ride back to the hotel. Vey uncomfortable!!One more thing, if you smoke, this is the place for you. Non smokers are a minority. We did not experience smoking in the eating establishments, but everywhere else it was free game. Gross!!CONCLUSIONThis was not the vacation we were dreaming of. Because of all the negative happenings we encountered, we will never visit Punta Cana again. We were totally mislead by the four star rating this hotel received. It was not worth the money we paid for it. Too many other nice places to visit.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>ColtonCat
<Content>Fantastic time...       Beside the pool  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>steve1997
<Content>Dont listen to all the negative reviews Steve  SissyDates: September 14-21, 2008We just returned from a weeks stay at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana. We were a bit concerned with all the variety of reviews we read on here, but to our surprise everything was great!!!We had read some good and bad reviews. Dont forget you are going to a different country, things are different and dont forget your on vacation and things run at a slower pace. This is not a 5 star hotel so dont expect it. What you can expect is a great time if you allow yourself too and overlook some small things they will just ruin your vacation.Staff was excellent!! Check and check out were flawless. Alfredo at the pool bar was quick and on the spot with our drinks. Buffet waiters were great as well as speciality restaurants wait staff. If you do happen to go here DO TIP workers who do a good job, they dont make alot of money and every little bit helps them.Room we had was large with a comfortable king bed and a couch that pulled out into a sleeper. Good size TV, variety of stations, some in spanish, but again your in another country. Air worked good, we had hot water and room was cleaned spotless every day.Food was generally good. Buffet was good there was always a good variety for breakfast, lunch or dinner. We ate at 3 of the specialty restaurants. The mexican we did not eat at. The Italian was good, the Brazilian was OK, they brought you 4 different meats (roat pork, sausage, chicken and beef roast) and 1 vegatable on big swords, it was different and fun but some meat was kinda dry. The oriental was the best in our opinion, we had scallops and prawns on a skewer with vegetables and beef in an oyster sauce that was very good also. There is also a pizza and taco place upstairs by the main pool. Tacos were great!! Pizza was good and they also had Calzones that were as good as home!!! Also get this the pizza place was open til 6:30 AM!!!! We had gotten up a few times and ate at 4 am, it was fun!!! You can ALWAYS find something to eat not matter what time it is.Hotel grounds were beautiful. There are 3 pools, main pool is huge and kept very clean. The 2 other pools, one is a large 3 ft deep pool the other is also a good size and its by the beach. No matter what building your in its a short walk to everything.Beach was great, water was clear, lots of chairs, sand was like silk.Entertainment is good, they try to make it fun by getting audience involved. If you walk out the resort to the end of the property is shopping, across the street is a craft market, to the right is more of a store type shopping. HAGGLE with vendors they WILL come down. We bought a carton of cigarettes for $25 and they started off between $40 to $50.In closing, form your own opinion but for the money this is one of the best vacations we have had. We have been to Jamaica 8 times and this was our 4th trip to Dominican Republic. Just go with an open mind to have FUN!!!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snookywooky
<Content>An Amazing Vacation       The beautiful ocean.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jaci336
<Content>BEAUTIFUL BEACH BUT THAT'S IT! we stayed in grand occidental (the private hotel portion which gives you your own restaurant and mini pool). the beach was beautiful but that's about it. we were supposed to have great service and even better since we were in the exclusive section. this was a lie. my fiance was sick from their undercooked food and they didnt even provide room service. the pool was dirty and the people LAZY.. I wrote a more extensive review on expedia a a year ago but they did not post because it was so negative. i have never had worse service in my life. the wifi was never working the room was dirty, the tv doesnt work well. hidden fees with using a calling card on your phone. terrible mgmt (i waited on line behind others with similar complaints).. WORST OF ALL- i was supposed to get a JR Suite  was emailed photos of the room from the corporation. when i arrived they said there was no such room type and i was given a regular room. the service was jst terrible.. expedia only credited me $200 before i got tired of fighting it. DO NOT STAY HERE-- stay a few resorts away at the paradisus or stay away from here altogether.. there was no nightlife at the hotel aside from a few vendors and a mini concert.. the hotel doesnt even havea money exchange so we had to venture into town where we were followed by 3 dogs (one with a dead cat in its mouth!) and pushy people all over the place!! my suggestion is stear clear  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ITALOAMERICANA
<Content>great time great fun great entertainment JususYasenia are a great team captns  they have a great team that stands behind them they give a brodway-vegas show every night EliezerAriel great-----The Fun Club team are outstanding fun games on the beach--great laughs as they entertain you 20 hrs per day. Great beach party. Food servs. friendly  happy to do any think for u to make sure you have all you nead. We stayed @OGPC 3 times in the past year we will be back soon to see  meet all new  old friends. Mangu a night club on Hotel property great fun. O yea by the way the beaches GREAT!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cicivee
<Content>Best trip ever!!!       The pool in front our building 25  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>nilfa
<Content>This was Paradise We have been to Punta Cana on vacation at least 6 times, but this time was our first time at the Flamenco and by far they exceeded our expectations, the staff and the weather was magnificent, our whole family felt like royalty during our stay..  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mzhao
<Content>best time of my life!!!! I personally do not understand how anyone can NOT enjoy this place. I went the week of Aug 22-Aug 31 2008. Let me tell you, you will WANT to stay at that resort. I went with a friend of mine ( just two of us girls ) and had the time of our life. We went there with Air Transit and stayed at the perimum club. I suggest you all go with air tranist because they will book ur a la carte restaurant for you also bring fresh towels to your room everyday for the beach, on top of that you get a free bottle of rum which is nice.Upon arrival, the bell boys helped us bring our luggage down and placed on the side while we checked in ( the process was really quick ) and then as soon as we got our keys, they drove us to our room to settle in. I read a few reviews regarding the check in time being slow n' all..honestly ppl..you are on freaking vacation..if the check in takes long..why don't u goto the bar and grab a coco loco hahaha...seriously u didnt go on vacation to stay in ur hotel room did you??? haha..Anyways...aside from the amazing beach..i would highly sugguest the nightly entertainment ay the main stage, me n' my friend didn't miss one. They will start the nite off around 730 or 8pm with entertainment for the kids, then come around 9pm...the animation team will start games with the adults which is REALLY entertaining..then around 945pm they will start the offical show ( which is ALWAYS good). The animation guys are sooo friendly and they know everyone by name so make sure you talk to them and hang out with them. There is one that look EXACTLY like Jamie foxx..that guy is soo funny and there is this really short guy name Erik who always goes ' I LOVE MY JOB' hahaha he is soo funny as well. The food there was okay.....make sure you tried the pizzeria and taco upstairs near the mainstage, it opens all nite till 6am so if u get hungry u can always go there. The buffet is not that great you will pretty much get sick of it by the third day, the a la carte resturants were not too bad, the Mexico one is pretty good acutally they serve a huge piece of rib eye steak. If you enjoy clubbing...you are in luck because the best club in Punta Cana is in our resort..its call Mangu and its soooooooooooooooo fun!!!!!! The only down side is that the drink is not free there so what you can do is drink at the lobby till 1am until the bar close then head to Mangu...the bartenders are really nice upstair at the techno room and pretty much gave me n' my friend free drinks all night haha. Mangu was definitely a happening place ( you can expect all of the younger people there every night ), great place to meet ppl and me n'my friend was there for 5 nights ( and we stayed 10 days there).The excursions were really good as well, we went on two. One is call Marinarium, this one allows you to swim with the sharks n' stingrays ( was acutally kinda boring ), party on the boat ( was really fun, funny host) and takes you to a natural pool in the middle of the ocean where the water comes up to ur chest ( amazing for swimming ). I went to another one call the Bavaro Runner..this was a pretty cool experience cuz u get to do alots of things, you can go horseback ridding, goto a hand made cigar places to learn how to make cigars, check out the farming places, goto a local school and visit a local's home. They will also take you around the moutain area in a jeep. Overall amazing experience with a really funny host name Mimi haha. What can I say. This place is soo amazing..I can't even say anything bad. Honestly..go there..have fun and bring a open mind. :)  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>LindasDoral
<Content>Pleasant Get-Away FoodsContrary to what everyone stated the buffet was good with a lot of interesting selections. Be sure to eat the mangoes!! Stay away from the beef, steaks etc. Throughout our stay no matter if it was beef, pepper steak or otherwise the quality of the meat was poor, meat was tough and lots of fat. Breads and fruits were very good along with the variety of crepes stations etc. We only experienced one of the specialty restaurants - called Las Reses (Brazilian) . It was an attempt but not very good. The restaurant was not airconditioned. The service was slow and a poor attempt at the rodizio. Note the hours that you have to make your reservations are between 08:00 and 12:00. What if you arrive that day since check-in is at 3:00 PM?Checkin - Hotel check-in is kind of disorganized. We arrived at hotel at 2:00PM but they would not give us a room. Front desk person had to go back and forth to the back office (4 times) while answering several phone calls throughtout the process. You would think with the number of rooms that they would have gotton this down by now. I liked the ambiance of the hotel but no airconditioning in the lobby and restaurants makes it difficult to enjoy your meal.One thing that really infuriates me was the need to pay to use the lock of your safe in your room. The prices is $25.00 for a week. How much could the lock in your safe cost for an all nclusive hotel? Everyone that comes there would like to lock their passports and personal items and just enjoy the beach.. The front desk would not budge even though I made a pretty forceful case of this. Front desk replied that you have to realize that this is a business. I found the service staff to be very pleasant, always saying good morning and you did not have to hunt around for someone to get a drink. As mentioned, the beach is beautiful. Be careful of the inclusive snorkeling and horseback riding. the snorkeling gear is free, however, there is nothing to see on the beach. You would have to sign up for the $35 snorkeling tour from a boat. The horseback riding is on a separate site about a 30 minute ride away. When we went to sign up we were told it would be $30 as the free half hour was on certain days of the week. We signed up and had a good tour, however, even though being told it would be 1 1/2 hours, it was only an hour. If you go horseback riding wear your bathing suit underneath. The rest stop where you stop has a great beach and would probably be great for snorkeling. The stop is only 10 minutes, however, we were sorry we didn't have bathing gear.In all,the stay was pleasant. We were only thre for a weekend get-away and were satisfied.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lissylin
<Content>Very nice!! loved it!! Thunder Bay, Canada I went this past march with my daugther. We found the people there to be very friendly. I strongly recomend the Zipline. The resort was very nice and had good food compaired to the other resorts we have stayed at. On one of the day tours, the tour guide kept blowing kisses to my 15 yr old daughter. I told our tour rep back at the resort and she dealt with it very well. I was pleased to see that they took action and said sorry many times. Overall we had a grand time at Occidental Grand.Lori  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>josiontheblock
<Content>Occidental Grand Hotel, Punta Cana If you are an american travelling to the Dominican Republic, DO NOT STAY at the Occidental Grand all inclusive resort. Maybe its different in Europe, with some having no air conditioning and being able to deal with it, well this resort has no air conditioning in any of the restaurants. So you sit there and eat and sweat it out all at the same time. The one place that had air conditioning were the rooms and some were not as cool as others. We were there for 7 days and many of the days we woke up to or came back from the beach or pool and had no running water to shower with or even flush the toilet with. GROSS! The power also went out a few times during the week. If you stayed in the royal club your power and your water never went out! Upon check-in they didnt have our rooms ready and only gave us 3 rooms when we needed 4. Did they really think 7 people were going to stay in one room? We were waiting at that check-in desk for over an hour!!!! Language was a problem too if you dont speak spanish. The food was horrible. On a good note, the beach is absolutely amazing! Blue water, warm and very inviting. If you didnt get out to the beach before 6:00 a.m. there were no shaded lounge chairs available. So I would wake up at 5:00 a.m. every morning and put the towels on the chairs so we had a place to sit. I would NOT recommend this place and I will never go back to the Occidental Resorts anywhere!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanga1
<Content>Loved The Royal Club We stayed at The Royal Club section of this resort from 8/5-8/19.We have stayed at other occidental RC's and this was just as good.I do understand the frustration that is expressed in the reviews by those who stayed at this resort but not in the RC.  FOOD- overall the food in the resort leaves a lot to be desired, The RC food however was well prepared although the variety was lacking. ROOMS- the overall appearance of the resort is dated and the interiors in particular.Our roof leaked and we were promtly moved to another room.The property needs remodeling both inside and out. BEACH- beautiful and the RC has a separate section with its own bar and upgraded loungers.The ocean has some surf but not too dangerous for the avg. swimmer. POOL- several to choose from and a separate one for the RC. SHOWS- mediocre at best but then again I live in Vegas so this was not my reason for visiting the D.R. Not to sound like a snob but if you like service and convenience then stay in the RC section or else lower your expectations or stay at a better rated resort.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CharliesNovaScotia
<Content>Good Overall Resort       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>Littlepixi
<Content>wish i was still there my boyfriend and i have just returned from the flamenco, we had a relaxing week and didnt want to leave, we was a little nerved by some of the reviews on here but was reasured when we arived, the staff are fantastic and cant do enough for you, they do take there time but you have to remember your in the Dominican its a relaxed way of life. There is so much choice for food and bars that you cant get bored of it. you must try the vanilla cake its really tasty and we couldnt get enough of it. Our room was huge and cleaned every day with little flowers scattered around the bathroom. I cant wait to go back again 1 week just wasnt enough.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>roseann74
<Content>Would not recommend this place My boyfriend and I stayed there Aug 2-9, 2008. Our room was horrible - smelled like mildew (could tell where there was a leak and they did a poor job fixing the wall) and it was fillthy (especially the bathroom). We asked for a new room as soon as we got there and they told us there were none available. The next day, same thing. We had to stay in that room for 2 days until they finally found one...after alot of screaming at them. We barely ate all week...we were only allowed to make reservations for 3 nights at a time. Lost out on the first 2 days because of the restriction about when you can make the reservations. We went back later in the week to make reservations for the remainder of our trip only to find out that the restaurants were all booked for the rest of the week. And the food we did eat wasn't anything special! The drinks were watered down and you had to wait forever to even get a drink. A big reason you stay at an all inclusive resort is so you don't have to worry about where you are going to have your meals. The staff was obnoxious and rude. A waiter asked me something in Spanish and when I replied that I didn't understand him, he said what, you don't know what do you want to drink means? With the amount of Americans staying there, you would think the staff would speak more English. You couldn't go in or out of the lobby without being stopped by the staff to try to sell you a timeshare. We spent more time searching for meals/drinks and making requests over and over for stupid things. I could go on and on and on with more complaints, but I am hoping this is enough for people to stay somewhere else!!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>txking
<Content>Find a different resort, you can thank me later..... If you are thinking about going to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic- to the Occidental resort, my advice is to find yourself a different destination. I have been to many developed and undeveloped countries and by far this was my worst experience of any resort. If you are the type that needs specifics read on, those we would take the word of a seasoned traveler, start looking for another resort.The photos looked inviting on the internet as we booked our summer vacation. We, wife and I and two kids- 12 year son and 9 year daughter were excited to spend a week in sunny paradise. As we were driven up to the entrance, we did a double take. The lobby was run down and unkempt. There was no welcoming effort at the resort. Few dirty glasses were piled up on a dirtier tray by the side of the entrance. Behind it lay old cooler presumably holding water. The lobby was filled with people. It was almost four o鈥檆lock in the after noon. We waited about 35 minutes to get to the front counter. The person at the front, appeared over whelmed, there was only one additional help. He was unable to locate our reservation at first, after about five minutes of searching around on table filled with prepared envelopes he finally did. Then he told us that there would be 30-60 minutes wait before our room would be available. 鈥淚t is being cleaned鈥?was the response as signed posted all around declared that check out time was 12:00 am. There was no smile, no apologies, no nothing., as we waited starved and tired from our travel to be assigned a room. We asked for help and all we got were pitches on how to return at the Occidental for cheaper price- a vacation club sales orientation, finally we were directed to a snack bar to have some lunch, so much for our visions of tropical drinks and exemplary service.We received our room assignment as promised upon return. We received keys for the room and check out cards for the beach towels. The towels were only to be provided upon presenting the card and we were asked to return our four cards or face $20 per missing card fee upon check out. After that brief discussion we were driven to our room in a golf cart. The property itself appeared aged. The property layout was that of apartment condos, 8-10 units in each building. There was ample vegetation with mature growth around the property. The room itself was large, however, it had a single bed and a pull out sofa. We had requested two queen size beds- but were glad to take whatever we got. That definitely set the expectations for the remainder of the trip. Over the next seven days in that room, we experienced three episodes of no water on three different days, each lasting more then two hours. This means no shower, and most importantly no flushing, gross!!! The plumbing code needed some upgrading on the entire property as in our room and outside, various areas, there was that indefensible odor of human waste, Something that no on should have to experience ever, not just on a vacation trip. There were numerous episodes of no hot water when necessary. The maid service was good but after the first night we realized that maids would not change the linens except upon guests check out days. Imagine, young children making a mess in bed with salty water etc and have to sleep in that for the next few days. Though on the internet I saw that the property was rated 4 stars, I would give it one.We rested for a while, and decided to get a relaxed meal at one of the many restaurants the place boasts. We went to the Italian place. Upon arriving there we were asked if we had made reservations. I shook my head 鈥淣o鈥? We were advised that we would need reservation to dine here, and the reservation can only be made before 3:00pm and can be made in the morning for that days dinner plans. I protested that we had arrived earlier in the day after three. May be it was the frustration in my voice, or the big smile on my wife鈥檚 face or the hunger in my kids鈥?eyes or may be he was just a nice guy- he let us dine there. The food was two steps below Olive Garden. The service was poor. To sum up our dinning experience at the Occidental- next day I called at 2:00 pm to reserve and the operator told me I had to make a reservation before noon. We attempted to go to the Oriental place and we were turned away. The restaurant was visibly half empty. The following day, I called at 10:30am and was told that reservation had to be made in person at the desk before noon. My wife stopped by there to make reservation for the Mexican place; she was told that it was booked for the next five days. She walked away. Later that morning, I went up to the desk and asked for the same reservation was given the same answer. I am not the one to walk away and asked why the place was booked for the next five days when reservations are only accepted for the same day. She told me that they now accept reservation for the next three days and gave me slips for the Italian, Oriental and the Brazilian places for the next three evenings. But nothing for that day or nothing for the Mexican place that I had asked for. She suggested that I show up at the restaurant and speak to the manager and take our chances. I was not going to fall for it, and asked to speak to the manager. After all the huffing and puffing for the next 25 minutes I got what I wanted; reservation for the Mexican place for the evening. In the end, the food was not worth the effort I went through to arrange the plans. The place was nearly empty. All of the so called restaurants were of poor quality and I would not give them repeat business in my town. The pizza place and the taco place were average but service was unreliable as was the food. The buffet was decent for being used as the main place to eat. There was again smell of the rotting food in the rear part of the dinning area. I first hand witnessed poor hygiene and food handling at the buffet from the servers from behind the counter. The other two places were- a small snack bar and limited buffet near the beach, again nothing spectacular here to speak of. The all inclusive for alcohol was only for domestic selection and was limited.Let鈥檚 talk about the beach experience. The beach was spectacular, water was blue green and warm, again employees were not friendly. The shaded lounge chairs were always taken, as early as 7:30 am. It was not until my last day, when I was out on the beach at 6:00am hoping to catch the sunrise that I saw hotel personal placing towel and magazines on the choicest of locations. My guess is, they were either paid the day before or were hoping to collect tips over the remainder of the day from the hotel guests. One after noon, I heard music being pumped loud through the speakers near the beach- song being played was 鈥淚 am a [----------] P.I.M.P by Fifty Cent. This was not the best of choice when nearly all the guests were families with kids of all ages. Also, being an American I was appalled to see so many topless European woman on the beach for the same reason. I can understand that resort caters to international crowd, but it would have been nice to limit the topless sun bathing to a particular area, as they did for guest who paid a premium for that previlige. On multiple occasions the resort was out of clean beach towels, how can you be at the beach or the pool without towels??? How can you run out of them at a beach resort????Nightly entertainment was mostly dressed up children of the visiting guests putting on a fashion show or adult guests playing musical chairs on the stage. There was some late entertainment venue- 10:00pm or after, my wife and I caught two shows. They were third class act and no amount of alcohol in my system made them 鈥渆ntertaining鈥?br/>To be complete, spa services were average, gym was terrible and there really was not much of other activities to speak about.I think that pretty much covers about 90% of what I wanted to share about my experience. Prior to today I have never posted my experience for any place that I have visited. But this experience was memorable in a wrong way and had to be shared. Most of all, at every informal gathering all the guests shared their bad experience at the Occidental, this assured me that my bad experiences were not unique but typical. I stand behind all that I have written and welcome any one to email me about particulars at pkraja@yhaoo.com.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>1	4	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>MMSHowell_NJ
<Content>Great Beach, Horrible Service We stayed at the Ociddental for four nights from July 31-Aug 4, 2008, and practically starved the entire time. The buffets were dirty and the servers were rude at every restaurant. They didn't seem to care about the tips. We ordered five fajitas at the Mexican restaurant for five people, and they served us 2 fajitas with hardly anything on the skillets. They wouldn't even get us sodas when we asked! Two out of three of our rooms had no air conditioning for more than a day, and the hotel staff was obnoxious to us when we complained about it. Many people at the hotel were complaining about having no water and no air conditioning. The pools were clean and very pretty, and the Occidental definitely has an awesome beach area with plenty of chairs and shade. Too bad the service was so poor at a place that has such beautiful grounds.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>torontocasper
<Content>You will have a good time My partner and I just got back from the Occidental Grand in Punta Cana...I wish I was still there!Again, like many other people, some of the reviews on Trip Advisor scared me half to death! But you will have a good time at this hotel.We stayed in the Premium Club with Air Transat. It's nice because they bring you fresh beach towels and sweets every night. We also managed to get an ocean view room which is always a bonus. As with all All inclusive resorts, by the end of the week, you get a bit tired of the food. We enjoyed the food though. Breakfast is great, can't ask for more...eggs, pancakes, pastries, yogurt, fruit, etc. We realized that the best coffee is the double espresso from the coffee machines. And mangos must have been in season because they were amazing. All the fruit was good.At lunch there is a buffet at the beach and a small buffet by the main pool above the swim up bar. The pool lunch is nice because it's not as busy and you feel that the staff take care of you more. Also, they have burgers  fries which sometimes we craved. The lunch buffet is much like the dinner buffet, something for everyone. Salads, breads, pizza, fresh grilled fish  meats, fruit  sweets. Lots to choose from. We had dinner at the Italian and we were kind of dissapointed. But this should not put you off, because even if you really didn't like what you had, the buffet is open until 10:30 so there is always an option. Also, upstairs above the lobby there is a pizzeria and a taco place. Both were very good, and both are open late. No reservations required. One night we paid extra ($44 USD per person including tax) for the lobster dinner on the beach. If you like lobster, you should definitely go for this. They bbq the lobster and it is so delicious. And it's romantic too.The beach is beautiful...the water is amazing.One tip that I read on Trip Advisor that really helped us was that we should bring lots of small bills for tipping. We brought plenty of 1 dollar bills for tipping the maids, waiters, hostesses and cooks. We noticed that the same people that were serving us for breakfast, many times were also serving us for dinner. They work very hard and it doesn't seem like there is a lot of tipping going on. I would say that the staff are lacking slightly in the area of hospitality, but this could be due to a language barrier or cultural differences? In any case, they do a good job to keep things clean and fun for us. I just kept thinking that we paid approx $1000 per person Canadian for our trip, and there were so many staff on hand...how much can the staff really be making per hour?This is a nice place to go for an escape. If you want to party, watch the shows and meet people, you can. If you want a more relaxing holiday, you can also have that. The resort is so big that you can get away from the comotion if you want.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>jerseygirl50kg
<Content>Really hot in August Weather was very hot! Pools were like steambaths. A/C didn't work in room, bed was broken, - had to change. We were traveling with several family members and were housed in different buildings. Drinks were very watered down - very big on daiquiri's and not much else. Wine at meals was terrible. Buffet offered choices - don't eat the meat unless you like rawhide. Very Spanish - helps if you know the language. Not much to do at night - they offered a show, but it got boring after 3 or 4 times of the same stuff. Other than the beach (which is beautiful) and the pools, there isn't any shopping (like Aruba). Best comments go to the staff - very accomodating - if you could understand them.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Michigander055
<Content>GREAT VACATION SPOT After reading all the negative reviews about the Occidental Grand in Punta Cana, I was hesitant. But it turned out to be a great vacation. It got off to a rocky start when we arrived at the resort, as they had overbooked, so had to stay at the Grand Pallidium next door for 2 nights. The Occidental took care of the arrangements and transportation for us back  forth. Had great accomodations at the Palladium and no complaints. Once settled into the Occidental, everything was fine for the rest of the week. Room was very adequate; restaurants easy to find, pools nearby and the beach close also. Food was not the greatest but edible. Breakfast buffet is probably the best. If you love lobster, by all means eat at the Lobster House. Lobster meal is $35 and will absolutely be the best lobster meal you've ever had. The last day of our vacation, the taxi and transportation services went on strike, so we had to leave earlier than planned in order to make it to the airport. The resort was very accomodating and made sure we got there safely and even packed us a box lunch since we were going to be sitting at the airport all day. I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>beach1959
<Content>Disappointed Re: Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta CanaJust returned from our 6 day vacation to Punta Cana. We have traveled quite a bit through out the years and this was the first vacation that I was disappointed with. The staff was not friendly at all they all walked with a chip on their shoulders. The staff at the buffet were ok other than that they were just not friendly at all and we heard it from a lot of other people. The bartender at the beach Juan Carlos was the only one that was really friendly and got really good tips and was tipped very well from my husband. The rooms were clean and spacious but if you wanted extra towels you had to give them a good tip every day to guarantee them. We left one morning very early and forgot to leave a tip and guess what no extra towels. The food was ok not overly impress. The shows were ok, their opening act was the same every day so we learned quick and would go 40 mins later to see the show. Our TV did not have a cable and every day my husband would speak to someone at the front desk about it and it never got fixed. The property is a bit run down. The beach was amazing white sand, clear blue ocean. The pool was not refreshing at all the water was hot. I would not recommend this property at all. You had to wait at least 15 minutes in the heat to enter the resturants at night and the air conditioning was poor. I spoke the language and still did not get a smile, extremely disappointed with the service. I do not recommend the property and would not go back.........  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>dcsmurfette
<Content>Stay somewhere else! Upon arrival at the Hotel Occidental there was astrong storm in progress. After check-in we wereinstructed to leave our bags with the bell boy. Wewere told that our bags would be taken to our room. WeHOWEVER had to walk in strong rain and gusty winds toour room. The walk took us over 15 minutes (primarilybecause we were unfamiliar with the area and had noguidance) and we were soaked. Finally when we didreach our building #25 the bell boy was already there.(He had travelled in a golf cart) I do not understandwhy we were not offered transportation WITH the bellboy given the weather conditions.We did not have hot or warm water in order to takea shower for the first two days, hence we did notshower for two days at the start of our trip. In theevening after our arrival, I attempted to call thefront desk to alert them of this problem. NO ONEanswered the front desk. I then walked to thereception desk, NO ONE was at the front desk. Thefollowing morning on Sunday, I again called the frontdesk, NO ONE answered. I then walked to the front deskin the lobby and expressed my concern. I wasinstructed to go and talk with someone else at anotherdesk. After waiting in line for 10 minutes and beingshuffled from person to person having to repeat myconcerns, I informed a woman that my room did not havehot water. She stated that she would alert someone. Iasked for an estimated time in which the problem wouldbe fixed, she could not give me one. The entire daypassed and we did not have hot water. I inquired twiceagain on the phone and in person in the lobby and wastold that they told someone. Of note, other guestsDID have hot water. On Sunday evening also, I notedthat the toilet was no longer working. I went again tothe lobby and asked if it was possible that the roombe changed. After much discussion and reasons why suchaccommodations were difficult to be made, I wasreluctantly transferred to another room. This roomtoo, did not have hot water, but rather lukewarmwater. Original reservations were made for two beds,there were two adults travelling. Upon arrival in ourfirst room, there was only one bed. I inquired as towhy there were not two beds, and was told that allrooms were booked and that we could only get a cot.The cot took a few hours to arrive and was extremelyuncomfortable. I asked for an extra pillow and waitedseveral hours for this to arrive. When we weretransferred to another room there was one bed. We wereagain given a cot.On sunday we made reservations for excursionsthrough a tour company and our representative Julio.Earlier on I had expressed my dissatisfaction with thehotel facilities and customer service with the frontdesk and was told to talk with my tour representative.I discussed my concerns with Julio and he stated that he would talk with the manager and leave a message in our room withalternate resolutions. I NEVER heard back from Julio.On the day of our excursion we were instructed tobring towels for the (carribean festival). The towelbooth was not open when I went to ask for beach towelsso I inquired with the front desk. We don't havetowels was the response I was given and that I shouldgo to the towel hut on the beach. I explained that Iwent there and it was not open, and was told that Ihad to wait until it opened. The bus for the excursionwas scheduled to leave, so we left with no towels. Theposted times on the towel hut stated that it opened at8am and at 8am it was not open. On another day theexcursion tour to Santo Domingo was scheduled to leaveat 6:45am. The buffets did not open until 7:00am.After arriving in the lobby at 6:30am I asked aboutfood and what those who were scheduled to leave at6:45am should do (the trip was approximately 3 1/2hours drive to Santo Domingo) and was told that thebuffet did not open until 7:00am and that I had towait. After further discussion another tourist foundout from talking to another person that food forexcursions could be ordered 2 days before. It would bein the format of a boxed lunch. NO ONE had given usthis information and no one was willing to provide uswith ANY food. Of note the buffet was set up andready for service, but they would not make anyexception for any of us. There were many of us whowere not informed of the service or how to order foodand no accommodations were going to be made. We weredriven to Santo Domingo on an empty stomach.I attempted to contact the agency with whom we booked our tour through several times from my room and was disconnected or placed on hold for several minutes. I finally left a message on the voice mail and expressed my desperate plea for help. The next day when I did reach someone, I was told that the number that I had given for a return call (the number on the phonein the hotel) was invalid. I was told that there wasa message left for me at the front desk-- there was nomessage at the front desk and or on the phone. Iagain tried to call the travel agency from my room and thephone call was again dropped. I went to the frontlobby and asked to use the lobby desk phone and wasdenied. I spoke with a man named Angel who wasacting manager for the day and after hearing all mygrievances, stated this isn't the United States, wecant do anything for you and you wont get what youwant. Another man behind the desk by the name ofAlex stated I cant help you, I hate this place, itsucks and I'm leaving.Upon arrival it was explained to me that therewere several restaurants and a buffet to eat at. Iattempted to make reservations (which had to be made 2days in advance) and was told that not all restaurantswere open each night. At first we were told that allthe seats for one night was full, but after muchdiscussion, we were reluctantly given a table. Gettingfood was a battle. Information related to makingreservations for dining was not presented at the timeof check in.I attempted to speak with a manager several timesand was always told that he was unavailable. Therewas a card in the hotel room on the nightstand with amessage and contact number from the manager. I attempted to call this number and asked for this man at the lobby, and no one ever knew where he was. Instead I was forced to talk withpeople named Leo, Brigida, and Martha (Martha wasapparently involved in public relations) all who sentme in circles repeating my problems, directing me tovarious other people and spending hours in the lobbywith absolutely no assistance, no compassion and noresolutions. In short, do yourself a favor, stay somewhere else and give yourself a chance to truly enjoy punta cana!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>kenyanisha
<Content>Be aware Ivan from Montreal, Quebec  Age 56I went with my wife and daughter.We have been travelling for 1 months to 2 week for over 34 years.Our experience with the above resort was not the best , I would say terrible when you run into problems.We booked a junior suite with Air Canada and was told that an extra bed was optional upon availability.My wife called 3 weeks before departure and was promised a bed in the room by one of the employee. who gave her name.When we got there at the front desk, we were told no problem everything has been taking care of. We waited 75 minutes to check in. Then 2 hours to get the key for the room and when we went up. No extra bed.We went back to the front desk waited another half an hour because I was not the only one with the same problems was told that all the rooms with 2 beds were taken and that they will give us another room the next day. A day from our vacation was gone. Water was dripping in the bath room. We reported it the same day. Nothing got done. Went back the 2nd day nothing,Again the 3rd day and finally water was dripping on us while we were sitting on the toilet. I did not want to act superior , we understand situation in other countries but this was too much. Hot water was definitely being controlled. We could hardly get water. It was mostly all the guests complaining. Royal club guests seemed to be very happy. They were having all the services. By then we got furious and went to the Air Canada Agent who got them to come and check it the same day . It was finally fixed on the 3rd day. The water was coming from the toilet in the upper room. These things can happen even at home but at least you should take care of it as soon as a guest brings it to your attention.2nd day We went back for the other room, we were told that they could not transter us in the other building because the rooms do not meet Air Canada Standard. I was glad to hear that.When I asked him of what could be done, he said we can put a bed in the same room. That's all I wanted because my daughter has back problem and could not sleep on a sofa for many days. This could have been done way before since I contacted the hotel 3 weeks before. It was a junior suite which was big enough for 2 beds plus the sofas. Bad administration.I met some club members who reserved the Royal club and ended in the ordinary rooms because it was overbooked. Others who changed rooms like 3 times in 5 days because of bad odour.As soon as you walk in you have sales agents all over you and every one is telling you to take the invitation from them for the Club time shares . Non stop every single day. Please ignore them they are bunch of lyers. We got caught and was not even given what they promised at the end. They tell you that it is an invitation from your travel AGENCY to welcome you and will be only for half an hour. We waisted 2 hours. They try to sell us time shares.The worst thing that happened to us was that the janitor was harassing my daughter. He would called the room several times. At one point he was talking to my wife thinking that he was talking to my daughter. All kind of stupidities. After watching Dr Phil of what had happened to the innocent girl in Aruba my wife became more vigilent.For the past 34 yrears I have been travelling with my children and always watching them and now We travel mostly with my daughter . My wife was very scared for the questions he was asking.I did not want to spoil her vacation and keep her with us at all times. She is old enough now to meet friends and have a good time on her vacation.My wife was so scared for my daughter and the other children that she reported him just to make sure that my daughter is safer and that he does not do it to any other innocent girl when their parents are not in the room because at one point he asked if she needed something in the room thinking that my daughter was alone. He had seen us gone for breakfast but when we came back we went by the back. He probably thought that my daughter was alone. DANGEROUS FOR YOUNG GIRLS WITH A JANITOR LIKE THAT. Again one Customer Service rep. reffered me to another department because the Air Canana guest was being taking care by the Club. Allegro. The only thing I was told by the Manager , I will speak to him and make sure it does not bother your daughter. If you are going with young girls watch them carefully.The beach is amazing. Never been to such a nice beach.Clean. My wife is scared so much of water, I was surprised how far she went in.A great choice at the buffet. Good food. nice workers.Pizza very good. DO NOT MISS THAT.Great pool but we heard that some guest caught eye infection from the pool. Nice big bar by the pool..To top it all we bought a tour with one of the Allegro Club employee , Mr Cecilio Trinidad who was standing in the Club booth with receipts. We still have the receipt on hand. The day before the trip he called us in the room at night to tell us that he could not accommodate us for the day he promissed and that the next day he will bring us our deposit.The next day he never showed up, we went to Customer Service and was told that he was not coming in and that Sunday at 8.00 he will be at work. Since we had to leave the day at 9.30 am and he never showed up we went back to Customer Service was then told to go Allegro Club Manager because he worked for them. When I told the manager of what has happened , he referred me to another manager who said that there is nothing they could do and the only thing is to make a police report. When he sold it to us he honestly told us that if we have any problems that we will be able to go to the office .We trusted him because 1st , he was in the uniform, 2nd in the booth and 3rd yes he works for the resort. For us it was normal that he was selling the tickets for the hotel.We left without the deposit back, the manager of the Allegro Club did not even apologize, the other manager passed by us like he did not understand what was going on.No management will take a situation on hand and solve it.It is sad that you go on vacation spend so much money and could not get any service. The air Canada agent could not help us on this one.The entertainers are super , works very hard, great shows every day.Despite of what had happened , the workers not the management are very pleasant and they do go out of their way to help you.A big bravo for the entertainers. Without them on site the vacation for us would have been a disaster.To conclude.Bad service from managementVery bad administration.Good food.Amazing beach.I will not refer this hotel after all the bad things I encountered.I do not know if it was our bad luck or it is so.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>MooreFamilyUSA
<Content>$22,000 Vacation Should Have Been Better (24 people) My family has two timeshares based out of Aruba. As a family we decided to do something different and go to another island. After careful consideration of all Occidental Allegro resorts the family all 24 (7 yrs to 65 yrs) of us selected Occidental Flamingo Punta Cana. This decision was based on their website - we should have reviewed Trip Advisor.My family would go back to Dominican Republic but NOT back to this resort.ConsNO Hot Water for 10 days - only at odd times like in the middle of the daysNO replenishment of soap, shampoo, conditioner, etcNO replenishement of towels (4 people = 2 towels)Hotel policies changed day by dayWEBSITE does not show accurate photos of their rooms. We stayed 3 days in the hotel side (bad experience - furniture and mattress seem to be 20 years old). The rooms they show are timeshare rooms NOT hotel rooms.Horrible maid serviceMaids looked through personal belongingsJunior suite room pull out sofa did not work - so had to have a cot in middle of floor for 10 daysNO air conditioning for two days in the room - said they had no other rooms to transferExcursion vendors have run of the hotel and bother you constantlyMaking reservation at hotel restaurants a hassle and would not take more than 9 timeshare people at one sitting - although the restaurant could accomodate up to 75 people. Topless beach beware with childrenCaters to EUROPEAN vacationers - They think Americans want too much (like hot water, air conditioning)Beach bar stated hours through 6 pm but they started closing the bar at appx 4 pm and only served warm drinks - NO ice availableProsFour poolsNice buffetBeautiful beachGreat PizzaGood entertainment nightlyKid friendly resort (except for topless beach)Security (except the maids would let people in your rooms without making them go to front desk)Good daycare facility  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	-1	3	1	1	

<Author>BillyBeads
<Content>It was just OK       in the pool  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>snoflayx
<Content>I had an ammaaazzzing time       the beach  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>joetommasi
<Content>good if you're tired and need a rest The rooms were relatively large and clean. The air conditioning worked fine although we had a temporary loss of power. The buffet is good. The pools were clean enough. The servers were very helpfull. The beach is fine. They have a good way to cut back on the use of electricity when you're not in your room (a bit annoying). The weather was sunny but very humid. On the negative side, there are gulf carts running all over the place, the restaurants are awful (except the oriental although the portions they served were miniscule), there are not enough bars and some are closed when you need them, there are not enough servers, on the weekend there is a long line of people waiting to check in, archery and BB shooting is limited to 1/2 hour a day on alternate days, there wasn't even a pool table or ping pong table to kill some time, to take advantge of all they have you better be a royal member which is expensive. This place if fine if you just need a rest.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>collyj
<Content>We Loved Occidental       little seating area... very nice. Separated by a curtain  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Greatdan1
<Content>Nice Family Oriented Hotel This hotel is great if you are in the Royal Club. The restaurant in the club is worth it. Other restaurants are okay. The portions are small in the theme restaurants. The Pizza place upstairs from the theatre is good and open until 6 a.m. for club goers. Club Mangu is good but look out for the cheapy cheapy people. You will meet a lot of people from around the world. As a group of 4 New Yorkers, we ran into people from Dallas, Albany, New Jersey, etc. Puerto Plata is cheaper but Punta Cana is nice also. Those that have never done Scuba, Parasailing, Atv's Horseback riding, etc. will have opportunities for a price.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>eddardstark
<Content>A dream vacation       The lobby  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	3	4	5	

<Author>SeaCrazy
<Content>not worth it We stayed at Grand Occidental in Punta Cana for a week and we were not impressed. The beach was cleaned and the food was good as long as you ate at the buffet, pizza or taqueria. Drinks were decent and good service at the bar. The check in was horrible; no customer service skills. When we got there, the line was long and one clerk available to help. While tourist waited patiently in line, people were coming up to the front complaining about the room. We were told that they didn't have a key for the safe box and our room was not available even though it was 6:30 p.m. When we finally got our room, we had one bed when we had booked a junior suite and the clerk reported that he didn't have any junior suites at that hotel and blamed the travel agency. Sales people hunted us all over and different prices were given to different foreigners. We finally got key for the safe box two days later and were over charged. We asked to speak to a supervisor and he was never available. We don't recommend this resort to anybody. There are better places where you are the customer and your dollar is worth every penny.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	4	3	1	2	1	

<Author>fierceangel
<Content>Terrific resort for fun and relaxation       missing the beach already :-(  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ZeeUsa
<Content>Please don't stay in this hotel!!!!!!! The facilities are not bad. The service is terrible specially for those paying with US dollars. Europeans have a different treatment. The food is horrible and boring. They repeat the same menu day after day. If what you have in mind is to have a taste of Dominican food you may forget it. Turkey and mashed potatoes with some mediocre sauces is all what you are going to see. The restaurants are awful and it's a hassle to make a reservation in any of them. Lobster is not included, you have to pay 35 dollars per person to eat one lobster, and shrimps are not even known there. On the other hand, there is a constant harrassment everywhere you go. If you walk through the lobby, some hotel staff people would try to sell you a package for next time, and no matter how strict you are in telling them you are not interested, they will keep bugging you until the moment you are finally and happily getting the heck out of there. If you go to the beach, the entertainment staff won't leave alone not even for a minute, they want you to dance, to play games, there is not peace in that place. If you try to walk somehwere else you will run into someone else trying to sell you something. I had a horrible experience. I saw people as sad and disappointed as I was. I really discourage any of you to visit this hotel. If you have a family keep in mind this is a topless pool- beach hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>elizabethlamx
<Content>Enjoyable vacation       Reef Explorer  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anmemacima
<Content>An "amazing vacation" This was our first experience going to Punta Cana after going 5 years in a row to Cuba. Each country has its own characteristics and we enjoyed both. The Occidental Grand where we stayed was amazing. The overall resort was really something to be seen. Although we had read a number of negative reviews about this resort, we thought that we would not let that discourage our vacation.The hotel was well kept and very clean. Everyday you saw a number of staff keeping the grounds in tip-top shape. Although we had requested 2 connecting rooms because we are a family of 5, we didn't get connecting rooms, but we got rooms side by side. The rooms each had a king size bed, a sitting area with balcony and a large full bathroom with a tub. We requested to be on the third floor which we got and the view was great (maybe just a few too many stairs).The pools (3) were always cleaned and kept free of any garbage. Of course, my children enjoyed the pool bar immensely which by the way us adults got to enjoy as well.We got to try some new drinks such as a Tiki Tiki, Banana Mamma and a Melissa.We had no problem finding something to eat at the Hotel Buffet Restaurant. Every night seemed to have a theme. We even got to enjoy the all Canadian/American meal - hams, hots, nuggetts, and home made turkey. Overall you never went hungry when at the Buffet Restaurant.The a-la-carte Restaurants left something to be desired. The steak (brazilian ) restaurant left you with an empty stomach as you were served every piece of meat off of a sword and dare you ask for seconds!! Vegetables served at the table were barely enough for one person. To sum it up, we enjoyed a great stone baked pizza at the Pizzaria after the steak restaurant.The beach was amazing. The sand was as white as snow and the ocean was as blue as the sky. No rocks were around and no sea shells to be found. There were chairs available at all hours of the day, so it didn't matter what time you went down to the ocean. The ocean was a bit wavey but nothing that couldn't be tolerated.Overall we really enjoyed our vacation at The Occidental Grand Flamenco and would recommend to anyone to stay there . Its a great family oriented hotel and many things to do for all ages. We would recommend you take the Bavaro Runner excursion. We had a great time and know that you would too!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>mcrawford
<Content>A Wonderful Vacation - Some Shocking Issues Though...       cocoa beans... they said suck the white slime off it... i did and it tasted like a jolly rancher  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>ALilmomma
<Content>Not a bad place to stay Arrival/RoomsMy husband and two children ( 9 and 10) stayed at the Occidental for 7 days towards the end of June. We arrived at the hotel and were checked in and in our room within 30 minutes. The hotel grounds are huge and we were given escort to our room by hotel staff in a golf cart, luggage and all. They will also bring the golf cart if you when you are ready to check out, just give them ample time. The room was dated but clean. D.R. is very hot and humid in June,the A/C in the room kept the room nice and cold, but it was hard to escape the humidity, although the room was cold, everything in it was damp. The room had a mini fridge stocked with 2 - Liter bottles of water, 2 Pepsis, 2-7 ups and 2 bottles of Bohemian beer which was a nice change because the bars only serve one D.R. beer - Presidente. We used the bottled water to brush our teeth since the water is not safe to drink on the island. FoodA lot of people are complaining about the food. I will try to be as fair as possible. The buffets had a large variety, mostly Dominican fare and Spanish inspired. So unless you have a diverse palate, you may have trouble finding something you are used to. We are Americans traveling with children and my children didn't have any trouble finding something they enjoyed. Personally, I don't have high expectations for buffets because it is always food that is in warming dishes for hours at a time. The best protein at the buffet was from the carving station, it was different every night. The pizza there is cooked in a fire burning brick oven and is delicious. Tacos are prepared authentically in flour tortillas and wonderful, not like the Taco Bell most Americans are used to. Table service was OK. Little things like missing place settings, needing extra napkins etc took some effort getting, however, tipping expedited service enormously. Beach/PoolsThe beaches were the most beautiful I had seen. Clear water and powdery soft sand. Although it the weather was hot, the sand stayed cool and was powdery soft. Bavaro Beach is topless, which didn't really bother me or the kids. Americans tend to cover up more than the European guests and locals. However I didn't see any sort of lewd behavior, although I have no issues with toplessness when sunning, it was a bit jarring to see women participating in morning yoga class without tops on. ShoppingIf you are facing the water and walk about a mile to the right, there is a beach mall with local vendors. You can get souvenirs for much cheaper than in the hotel gift shop. I got half a pound of Dominican coffee for 2/$5 and it was 3x that at the hotel. It is safe to go shopping outside the hotel. However store owners put a lot of pressure on you to look inside their shops. All the stores have the same thing...same art, same rum, same everything. If you aren't into high pressured sales it is worth paying the extra money for items in the hotel shop. While we were there, vendors were also brought into the grounds and were setup poolside for a day. Again, all the same stuff. You can take a cab a little further out and there are plenty of higher end stores and shops to visit without people pressuring you to come look inside their stores.StaffStaff was mostly Spanish speaking. The four years of Spanish I studied in high school were very helpful. Despite the language barrier, which was frustrating at times,the staff was very helpful. When we walked by any staff on the grounds (groundskeepers, housekeepers...etc) we acknowledged with an 'hola' and a nod or a smile. OverallWe had a nice week in the D.R. The island is beautiful and people are friendly. The Occidental was worth what we paid. It cost the same as a Disney vacation for us. I enjoy taking the kids to places in America, but it is good for them to experience other cultures. In the end, you get what you pay for and you get out of it what you put in.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>matters
<Content>Value, 3 star resort This is resort is huge and because of its size it has its limitations. The rooms are nice, but tropical damp. Our A/C was very effect and because of the drastic temperature change condensation can be a problem on the floor. We had a problem with our room lacking a bed and although 2 phone calls said it was going to be fixed, it wasn't until I walked to the front desk that a couple of cots were wheeled in.The staff were polite but typically did not go out of their way to service you. Expect to ask for coffee and/or drinks at every meal, and expect to ask for refills. Service is minimal. One issue of confusion that I have is that coffee seemed to be treated like a commodity, which was strange to me because it is a major export for the country (I must be missing something). Also the coffee at the resort is not brewed, but like vending machine coffee. I haven't been able to figure this out.The resort food is local food and not the greatest, e.g. meat was always over-cooked, and anything cold was just above room temperature, but the latter is a function of the climate. There is always somewhere to get food. I did get sick with some bowel/flu like bug, but I was able to still participate in beach napping and throw the kids around the ocean and pool. I however, do not know what made me sick as I was very careful with the water I drank and used for hygiene.The alcohol is bottom-shelf. The beer is Presidente everywhere and Bohemia in the rooms. Bohemia is a better beer and I was unsuccessful getting the maid to stock our room with beer. I tried tipping and writing notes in Spanish with money attached, but no success. Others in the group did not have this problem, but did have musty odors in the room and another had a broken refrigerator that after 3 days of service requests, fixed himself. (breaker board had faulted and we discovered that leaving the light on in the closet seemed to influence power to the fridge, weird)The beach is beautiful and kept meticulously clean. The pools area was also quite clean, but the main pool just looked gross. I never dared the main pool. The beach pool was much cleaner.The kids had a great time. They bounced between the pool and the beach and had a fantastic time. The kids (9  10) liked the food and always found something to eat, even ice cream throughout the day. The staff were very kids and especially courteous to the children. We have been to better, more expensive resorts and this was a value-oriented adventure. We have a party of 12 folks and this fit the bill. The local shopping was disappointing as all the goods repeated and outside of a few pieces of jewelry, a set made of the local stone, the rest less than souvenir status. The beech shops, a good walk away, were relentless, but not unlike other 3rd-world experiences; OK, maybe they were a bit more aggressive than other islands we have experience. One contention I did have was with the oriental dinner which was touted as being the better scheduled dinner out of the 3 available. We made reservations and were discretely told that children were not allowed, consequently had to make arrangement within the family to accommodate caring for the kids which meant splitting the family and one couple not sharing dinner. When we arrived at the dinner children of multiple families were being served and when I queried the policy they looked at me with bewilderment. It is clearly written on the reservation desk that children were not allow at the oriental restaurant. I felt cheated, and cheated, but let it roll as we were on vacation and the damage was done. We visited a neighboring resort to go to church, which seemed much nicer and with English speaking staff, but it was much more pricey and on the trip back to the airport, the feedback from a couple that stayed at that hotel for a week was similar to ours. I never eagerly agree to go to any resort twice as I think the world is too big a place not to venture elsewhere and have new experiences, but this is base acceptable for the money. It would be better for us if even a couple staff spoke English (Americans were the minority tourist) and if they were more service oriented at meals, and less hustle for time-share and selling excursions. I slept on the beach nearly everyday, breaking for meals and drinks. If I were a romance seeking couple, I would not have enjoyed the resort, but it did suit our needs and gave our large party/ family a venue to share space and relax together.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>denfam3
<Content>Nice if your not used to nice First the good things, Security all over the place, no bugs, great beach. Now the Bad. Salesmen everywhere, your are hounded. Nothing is cheap to do here, the cheapest round of golf is close to two bills. The food was not very good at all, the speacuality resturants were a joke. Your a VIP along with the other 1500 guests. The pool closes at 6 and the deepest part is waist deep. Avoid the VIP dinner, they played the same music for an hour before letting you eat, then they wanted to sell you a vacation. We had our fire alarm go off twice in one week once after midnite, no one from the hotel staff came to check, after 15 minutes it quite alarming, a little scary. We had a jr. suite which a a hotel room with a roll away bed, for three adults.The only thing their is the beach, if your not a huge beach lover it it not worth it.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	5	2	1	

<Author>mommymeka
<Content>Remember this is a 3rd world country, make the best of it!!!!!!       Me and my husband  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Debbie82
<Content>Best Vacation ever!! Let me please start by saying don't listen to people that allways complain! My god the things i've read i can't believe my eyes.. This hotel was amazing. The food was ok..Your not home, so don't expect to eat amazing food, but you can always manage to find something worth eating. Like the pizza was amazing and there chiken tacos..mmm..mm.mmm good. Our room was very big bathroom was clean worked properly. And for the girls dont worry they have a blow dryer or you can bring your own if your from canada, we have the same outlets. Now i've read people complaining about ridicules things, such as there were bugs. I mean come on is this even worth mentioning? Tropical country hello!! You want amazing food spend a bit more and go to europe. This is a 3rd world country they do there best. The staff was supper nice and happy. Always in a good mood. Beach is just beautiful. Now as for the language spoken here its a give away.....Obviously majority of people speak Spanish! Why must this come to a surprise to everyone? I've seen people complain that no one spoke French..Most of the employees speak spanish or english. So you can always manage to convers with them. About the black outs, we only had one and lasted 1 min. Its not like were planning on spending or week in the room when there's so much to see and do. Spend time on the beach its so beautiful... I went with 3 girls (26- 24) and we all have different tastes and we all managed to find food that we enjoyed.We had an very good time and the club is even crazier. Mangu was CRAZY!! All in all best vacation ever and for anyone looking into booking with occidental get the premium club... This is a hotel for all age groups... People shoud lighten up and enjoy the nice weather and stop complaining for the slightest things....Appreciate the fact that we can even have the chance to see these beautiful places. Don't waste time on complaining..  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travel_girl_770
<Content>Good and Bad - it was just "okay"       I love the beach  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	4	5	5	

<Author>PortSaxonTraveler
<Content>Good Trip To The Occidental Grand We stayed at the Occidental Grand in Punta Cana during the last week of Feb. 2008. We are three couples from Nova Scotia, Canada. We are all in our early to mid thirties. We booked through our travel agent here at home and we went via Air Transat Vacations. We booked  Premium Club, which was well worth the extra $$$. We had Rum and fruit plate in room upon arival, bath robes; slippers; turn-down service every night with some sort of treat included; and we recieved nightly beach towel exchange service in room. We had our own breakfest resto above the pool, which we only used once. We had reserved areas on the beach, which again, we didn't use. We had our own seperate check-in with welcome drinks. Porter service directly to our Premium Club Building with luggage delivered to our room. We had different color braclets for Transat Premium Club, which ment we were mostly all Canadians, and when you went to the bars, the bartenders would flip a glance at your braclet, and with a few $$$, they would come right to you, a few tips ($$$) would go a long way.We were in building 24, room 214, which was renovated. Absolutly no complaints with the room. Shower at its best was good, low pressure and not very hot, which is not unusual for Dominican. Mini fridge stocked daily with beer, pop, and water. Coffee maker, celing fan, cool air conditioning, safe ($$$), iron, hair drier, tv, patio and furnishings. In all, room wrer good.The grounds were kept in very good order. Gardeners working very hard every day mowing, trimming, weeding,etc... They also liked the beer we took to them that was out of sight and out of mind.There was some renovations going on during our stay as the resort in getting up there in age. Painting, carpentery, masionry,...etc. This wasn't bothersome at all. The resort is getting old, not old enough to complain about, but there is a lot of updates happening.There was plenty of room in the pools, one which has a swim up bar. We didn't spend much time there as we are beach people.Plenty of bars to choose from, although, during our stay, they were all quite bussy. (Flash some $$$). There is one close to the beach, one on the beach, one in the lobby, one at .........., see the pattern.The food was fair. We only ate at the buffet resto, as we rarely use the a-la-cartes. There was a fair amount of selection. You wont go hungary. Breakfast was our favorite ,as usual, good Canadian breakfast. Resto over swimm up bar served hots and hams, fries, onion rings, salads,.....etc if you are fussy for lunch.Great pizza up stairs for a late snack. (Recomended) Another buffet at beach bar for lunch also.The beach is  Playa Bavaro, what can I say, It's the best. 20 min walk to right is the famous markets, to the left, more resorts.Walk out the drive way 10 min, and your in town with more shopping. Perfectly safe in the day time for sure, although I would stay in a group.There is a disco that is open to the locals every night, we only went once as it opens a midnight and we are early people to rise and early to rest.In all, I would say this is a good resort for your money. I've been to many others, and this is not better, but as good.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>anningmichael
<Content>Great Holiday We travelled from the UK to the hotel and found the inital flight with Thomas Cook very good taking approx 8.5 hours.On arrival at the hotel check in was very quick and we were greated with drinks as we were checking in. Took the in room safe at a rate of $25 per week. Bell boy then arrived and transported us to our room.Room was in building 23 very clean, lots of space with a well stocked mini bar. We did not make any reservations at the resturants opting to go buffet. Food was very good however could get a bit samish after 7nights. Drinks were good always served cold staff very helpfull.We took a helicopter trip through the travel rep this was awsome if you get a chance DO IT!!!!We also got stung by the guys selling tours in the hotel, one guy known as MR HAPPY selling buggy rides for $60 each. Please don;t do it, they took us to the middle of nowhere to a beach strewn with litter and bottles. The buggys did not look safe, the whole set up did not look safe. I would say its an accident waiting to happen.Another thing that got to me were the guys on the resort trying to constantly sell the vacation club i.e TIMESHARE, be blunt and tell them no as they will keep on and on!!!Appart from that very clean swimming pools, beach excellent. A great holiday.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>cassszczotka
<Content>Fooled by pics on website!!! We read all the reviews and we felt ok about going. WRONG. First if you are European, for some reason, you seemed to like this resort. If you are American and used to somewhat edible food, stay clear of everything except the breakfast. Even the bottled water has issues, no chlorine, floride or other ingredients our bodies are usedto for hydration. We were al sick and constipated the majority of the 8 days. First of all, everyone smokes. So if you are a smoker you will love it. We noticed that everyone that smoked was mostly from European countries where it is still widely acceptable, unlike in the United States.Also, those lovely Europeans have never heard of wearing the tops to their bathing suits. Why do you think they are sold together as a 2 piece?? TO WEAR BOTH PARTS!!!My children couldn't stop laughing at these women with boobs like pickles walking around. The Dom. Rep. people seem to only know English and comprehend when they want to. Our power went out 2 times. Expect your power to go out at least once due to the hotel not having a generator capable of supporting its facility. The Food.. or if that is what you want to call it, is just wrong. I think it is because our family isn;t used to corn on pizza or beef that has fatty tussue in every bite. We still aren't sure what Hake is?? Have a lot of ones if you expect to get good bar service. I will say Santiago in the lobby bar was great. Oh, if you are a whiye wine drinker brink your own.Their wine (only one kind) tasted like it was bad,, and they said that is how it is supposd to taste, So I lost weight not eating the food but gained weight frinking the only thing palable,,Coco Loco., rum fatttening foofoo drink. The beach is gorgeous..prettiest one I have seen in a while. No one takes your order on the beach for drinks. You gave to get up and stand in line every time you want a drink, I am used to all-incl resorts where there is someone on the beach bringing you drinks. the grounds are clean but the pool needs to be shocked,, not once did I smell chlorine which scared me. We diddo the horse back riding and the dune buggy. They were fun, but be prepared to go bymany resorts to get other vacationers so you spend more time getting others than you actually do enjoying the horses and dune buggys. Also,, the pool bar closes at 6 pm,, total buzz kill. The various restaurants are ok, the pizza is the best food to try there,, but not the best pizza. We will not be traveling back to the Dom. Rep. We got to visit with family which was the most important but the trip would have been great if we were in a different resort al together. Ohm the kids fun club was a scary joke. DON:T leave your kids there,, they didn't do anything with the kids that were there,, we didn;t leave our kids there once..The night programs( kinda like cruise ship shows) was ok,, would have rather been able to sip nice chard in a quiet romantic area, there were none. Ok, on a good note we ventured out to the Casino about 5 miles away and I won $800 in slot machine,, so all in all,, no more DOm Rep for us evermm abd we wish we would have listened to all you trip advisor peeps before going,, Oh well live and learn,,toodles!!Cassie  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	4	2	2	

<Author>marisolb0507
<Content>NOT what I expceted...       The beach early in the morning  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jtgeratee
<Content>Very Nice Resort       Beach Club Pool  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ottawagirlOttawagirl
<Content>Above average value for price We went second week of June 2008. Paid $1600 for two people.Room:Large spacious, good a/c, ceiling fan, okay bed.in room safe: 25 US$ week, 75 us$ if you lose keyTV didn't work on any stations.We had 2 blackouts in one week, but was whole town.Excursions: Avoid the salesman around beach/resort, better to go with your travel provider.Swimming/snorkelling with sharks (nurse sharks) and sting rays- highly recommend. 80 US$ ppBuggy ride along beach- avoid. trail littered with rocks and garbage, bumpy and not scenic as they claim. 50 US$ ppFood: Main lobby buffet for breakfast/lunch. Breakfast- fried egg station, pancake station, variety of boiled egg,scrambled egg, potatoes, bacon, sausage, many breads, many juices. Table service for coffee, water.Dinner: Pork, lamb and fish available. They rarely had chicken or beef. Various rice, pasta, veggies. Table service for wines, mixed drinks, water. Lunch: buffet by beach, smaller. Was mostly pizza, pasta, salads, rice, fish. Table service for drinks.Drinks: wine was quite bad, saw many tables send it back and opt to pay to order bottles. Wine list that was availablewas mostly Chilean- 20US$- over 100. At the bars, they were generally generous with the alcohol in drinks- mostly mai tai, sex on beach, margarita, daqueri, and various rum drinks, one type draft beer. Lobby bar was the favourite.They also have tacos and pizza available upstairs above lobby buffet. Tacos are okay, pizza quite good.Resort: Many pools, well maintained, cleaned daily- open 7am-7pm. Beach had calm warm water, never a shortageof chairs. Vendors were limited to walking along perimeter next to ocean, not allowed to walk on beach and bother you. Overall, we were very happy with the resort, given the cost.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Marielise39
<Content>Fun week at the Occidental !       Building 12, Room 204  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>vuittoniti
<Content>Ugh! Won't come back for the second time We booked this hotel w/o reading much reviews. Then after reading all the negative reviews, it was already too late to change. So we decided to go with it and hope for the best. The hotel lobby is nice, spacious, airy as mentioned by other posters. The ground and facility are well maintained. Staff is always cleaning. Beach is gorgeous, we'd definitely come back to Punta Cana for the beach (stay at a different hotel thou). Now i'll go to details of the negatives:Food: Only 2 a la carte restaurants to choose from for each day. I think they alternate those 4 restaurants. D'oriental is supposed to be the best but it wasn't at all. Foods were tasteless and bland. The decor wasn't great either. We tried the Italian restaurant and foods were bad as well. Chicken and lasagna were very dry. Basically, food and services were cafeteria standard. On our last nite, we went to the Lobster sea side restaurant (it wasn't in the all-inclusive package. It was $45 per person). We both ordered lobsters and they were great. The restaurant ambiance was very nice. This is what i think all restaurants and their foods should be like. Room: AC wasn't working. The room was musky and floor wasn't clean. We saw ants everywhere. Once, there were some on the bed. They did come and sprayed the room but it didn't help much.Bathroom: The tub was disgusting. Overall, i don't recommend this resort at all.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	1	3	2	3	

<Author>Rhoda50
<Content>Great place - disappointing ending We had a great two-family holiday at the hotel - the rooms were clean - the food was great - the beaches unbelievable. After 10 of us enjoying our great holiday we come home to find out that 4 of the 6 people that used their credit cards at the hotel (different locations) had their cards duplicated and were used fraudulently. What a sad ending to a great holiday!!! We are contacting Air Transat and the Occidental to advise them of this problem.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mtspaced
<Content>Vacations are what you make of them.. To those who are thinking of travelling to the Dominican Republic, moreso, Occidental Flaminco Punta Cana please read on: My girlfriend and I just returned from our week long stay at the Occidental from June 7-14 and are hereby giving an honest review of our stay. This resort has its up's and down's as I'm sure all resorts do. Let's start off with the pro's as this resort has many. The clearest winner is the appearence/esthetics of the resort. Absolutely Georgous! The grounds are very well maintained, healthy, vibrant and visually stunning. The Lobby, (where you will no doubt spend time, before and after dinner) is very large, with an open concept, with lots of people and energy. It also boasts the best bar staff on the resort. The Beach however is breathtaking. The photos submitted by guests don't do it any justice in comparison to standing with your feet in the hot sugar white sand, the clever blue/green ocean water rushing past your legs with a stretch of magnificent palms lining the sorrounding peninsula. Wow is all I can say! There is a nightly show that is mildly entertaining but not nearly as relaxing as walking back down to the beach and cuddling up on a lounger. Free yourself of your everyday tension as you listen to the water crash while watching the brilliant stars as you search for a comet to zoom across the majestic black sky. If you are looking for some real 'peace and quiet' this is as good as it gets. To my surprise no other vacationers shared this experience except a lonely security guard.Food wasn't fantastic but it was satisfying for the most part. Some people may find it bland but the selection is good. We tried 4 a la cartes. Notably the Italian, (try the Lasagna, superb!), and the Oriental. I would pass on the Mexican and Brazilian. Our room on the third floor exceeded my expectations, however, the washroom was a disaster. The room was very clean, the maids where fantastic. Note: Tip the maid and leave a note (spanish prefered as English is limited) and ask for beer to be put in your mini fridge! The Bathroom, as previosly noted, was not good at all. We had one hot shower all week. The tub wouldn't drain efficiently. And we had ants on the floor and occasionally on the counter. We could have requested another room but we aren't the type to let little things bother us. I could mention many other great things about this trip and I could also dwell on some rather negative issues, but all in all, we had a great vacation. We probably will pass on staying at the occidental a second time, but we will keep our vacation in our minds as a wonderful time that we spend together.  Good luck vacationers!And remember, your vacation is your responsibility. Don't expect other people to make the time good for you, it's up to you to create your own special vacation!m  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>atbgdrew
<Content>Mixed feelings, large family trip of 13 people, small children.. Ok here is what I thought of this place. I was terrified after reading the reviews on here, it was our first time traveling overseas with our 2 and 3 year old girls. Almost all of the complaints are true. I am going to start with the positives. The beach is awesome and there are plenty of chairs. If you didnt happen to get a covered tiki I never had a problem finding shade and a chair. I spent a lot of my time at the pool closest to the beach on the shallow walk in end. This is close to the drinks and the bathroom, which if traveling with small kids are both necessary like every 10 minutes. The drinks were good and I did catch a buzz there a couple days. At one point I was behind the bar pouring my own, I think the bartender's name is Lido and was cool.. The Lobby is huge and has wireless internet. It was nice to hang out there and just watch people or work on the computer. The lobby bar is nice and the bartenders are responsive. Grounds are beautiful and well kept and pools are clean. We would stop every morning on the way to breakfast and look at the turtle pond and fish with kids. They were vacuuming the pool every morning when I walked by and the pools were clear, this is I imagine a feat as there is a swim up bar. Kids show at night and kids fun zone were awesome. I thought we would be using these a lot more while we were there but the kids kind of liked the pool and it wasnt too much of a deal to sit there and watch them. Barbee and Esperanza go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and are in the show at night with the kids on stage. Both of our kids loved getting up on stage and running around and dancing with the older kids. Did I mention there is a bar right there at the stage as well and an adult show. Both are good fun too. I didnt stay up late many nights as the kids needed to be put down but the nights I did this bar got busy and there were lots of people out. Restaurants...good and good service. Make your reservations early in your trip. We didnt get the oriental but all others. Pizza and tacos upstairs are good but dont open til 630. Seems that you see the same food presented in different ways throughout the day. I always found something that I liked and kids loved the pizzaOK those are the things I liked and was most impressed by and enjoyed the most. I have traveled to most of the islands in the caribbean but this was my first to the DR. We had a 13 person party, 8 adults and 5 children. The kids had a blast! Adults had some issues. Rooms...grout cleaner would go a long way! They seal the grout and dont really clean the floors while you are there. I think they could really step up a notch with a PM monthly on each room if they are not cleaning daily or a good grout cleaner. We were in building 26. Nice beds and linens were comfortable. Daily room service was good and we meet our cleaning lady and I tipped about 4 dollars each day. She stocked fridge with beer, water, and soda daily and hooked us with towels as needed. My BIL tipped 20 the first day and asked for daily ice and he got it in a bucket and a bottle of vodka and rum. He had a water pressure problem, I didnt have a problem. So 4 rooms and everyone was happy. Our air was awesome and I kept it like a meat locker the whole time and ceiling fan on. Humidity is so high outside so i hung our towels inside and suits to dry, this worked. Towel service is a little funky, there is only one booth and it is like way in the corner of the beach. One day I had a bunch of drinks and went over to the towel booth and had a bit of a situation with their return and sign out policy. I think I may have told them I was with the corporate or something and the next day went back and they had a totally different system. We brought our own anyways so no biggie. Overall good trip and mostly good and fun for everyone. kids had fun, we had fun, and we made it out san e coli.The water issue is due to it being treated onsite and I dont think they are killing everything.Go but read the reviews and know what to expect. Kids are safe and will have a good time.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>richkid32
<Content>Had a great time My girlfriend and I arrived at the Grand Flamenco on May 7th 2008 at returned May 14th 2008. We had a great time. We stayed in building 13 and our rooms were super clean. The shower was a little old looking and sometimes the water pressure was bad. If everyone is taking a shower at the same time it will affect someone. The rooms were decorated nice and if you left a tip each morning for the maid you would see a difference. We thought the food was good. The buffets had what you needed. The a la cartes were ok. U only had 2 to choose from each night.I do have to say that the beach and the water was beautiful. The weather was excellent and we thought the service was pretty good. I noticed people complained a lot about the workers not speaking english very good. English isnt their first language so what do you expect. You dont see them being rude to us because we cant speak spanish.I will say however that the night time entertainment isnt so great.They also have a disco on the resort however the drinks are not free. They cost 7 dollars a drink which we thought was ridiculous and the reason why we never went there at night.Im not sure what everyone else paid but if you paid under 1000 dollars to stay there for a week all inclusive than it is worth it.We went through my sister's time share and it cost us 666 dollars that was including the flight.We definately would go back there and may do so Nov 1st  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>makdak
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever       Fruit basket, cheap wine, broken remote  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>stylist27
<Content>Vacation Sent Us To Doctor We had a group of four couples on this trip and we each had problems. It started when checking in, the hotel had 'misplaced' one couples reservation and wasn't willing to help them and became very rude even ignoring the couple while they were standing at the front desk. The second day we realized that HALF the food at the resort was horrible, and decided to eat pizza for the remainder of the trip. That night another couple in our group called the front desk for the FIFTH time to report that their A/C was not working and that now their bathroom had flooded with condensation from the broken unit. I called the front desk three times to ask them to fix the lock on our ground floor patio door after my digital camera had been stolen from our room. By this time we had also learned that 'TOP SHELF' drinks were watered down and horrible! The staff was not very helpful ( a select few women employees were nice). And that the beach, which was BEAUTIFUL, was infested with sand mites (which left us with red itchy bug bites!).Finally we came home. The next day myself and another woman on the trip with me were very ill and decided to see a doctor. We had contracted E-COLI from our lovely trip. Not only was this disgusting, painful, and aggravating; but we both had a few hundred dollars in medical bills and some extra time off work.After we felt better we wrote their corporate offices and got a load of excuses and a free upgrade next time we visit an Occidental. Yeah, Right! I WOULD NEVER RETURN TO AN OCCIDENTAL PROPERTY OR SEND ANYONE ELSE THERE.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	-1	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>crabs45
<Content>Occidental Grand Flamengo PUnta Cana We just returned from a week at the resort Occidental Grand Flamengo Punta Cana. We arrived on June 1/08 and departed on June 8/08. The resort is clean and tidy, however a lack of the English language. We went to the buffet and were greeted with hola each morning however absolutely no personal service. They people that worked in the buffet hardly could speak any english language. One night when we went to the buffett not one server came to our table and asked did we want anything to drink. From the time we arrived to the time we left not one server spoke with us. No service at pool side and somedays the pool bar was closed and you had to go to the Home Run to get a drink. This resort certainly can take lessons in customer Service it has a long way to go. The water pressure in the resort is very sad, we totally lost our water and called to the front desk and waited for over one hour and then had to get dressed and walk to the front desk to demand some service. Also if you sat in the lobby there were young waitress's walking around but no one would ask you do you want a drink, you always had to get it yourself. (extremely poor service.) This is a big resort and has three pools and one one towel stand which is located at the very far end of the resort on the beach. I think that they should also have one located around the pool. A few days the beach bar did not even open. If you are paying for all inclusive this should be open all the time. Sometimes the beach bar would not even open until after noon. I certainly will never return to this resort again. We went on an OUtback Safari tour and the guide spoke seven languages and this was a really nice experience also when we snorkelled with the sharks and stingrays the guides spoke extremely good english. This resort trys to cut costs in any possible way and you do not get the value for your money spent.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheShining
<Content>Decent hotel Basic accommodation, large and clean though. Very good value for money, booked an all inclusive package. All restaurants were lovely, with lots of choice and great food.Massive great pool with swim up bar. Good facilities, pool, table tennis, archery, watersports. Good for families with kids and couples.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>bellalog
<Content>Okay resort I travelled 5/29-6/4/08. I read all the reviews and I was a little nervous about this place. I almost changed the hotel. I would rate the hotel as average. Remember you are in a 3rd world country.Room: needed renovation, furniture , bathroom and tv old, the channels were mostly spanish. But the room was clean and we did not have any bugs. I did feel bits on my legs in bed so maybe there were bed bugs. We stayed in bldg 13 and had an oceanfront view. I would definately reccomend an ocean view. The beach was gorgeous. Watch out don't close the sliding door when you are out on the balcony. There is no handle so you will be locked out. I don't know if this was just ours or everybodies slidding door is like that. All I can think of is that no stranger can jump on you balcony and get in. Great for safety.Housekeeper: spoke all spanish, bring a spanish dictionary, we wrote her a note and told her things we needed such as beach towels, face clothes etc. sometimes you would get things other times not. so with house keeping I was a little annoyedFood: we did buffet through the whole trip, it was okay, after awhile it was the same stuff, pizzaria was good usuallly they are opened 6pm and you don't need reservation. The other restaurants you do need reservations and they are: oriental, italian, brazilian (which is all grilled meats), spanish. I am not sure if there is anyother ones. They pick only 2 restaurants each night that are opened so when you make reservation keep that in mind. The also have for $45.00 a lobster dinnerCheck in/out: was fine no long lines, I do recommend to get the safety lock which was $25.00. Entertainment: was very minimum especially at night. Their show were corny and casino was a joke (very small) and most of the slots were in spanish. They did have things during the day such as: volleyball on the beach and pool, arobics in the water and beach, archery, tennis. The gym would have been nice but they had this strong incense which smelled bad.we did the spa which was nice. you can have a massage on the beach or private. We did NOT get any timeshare people. We did have people come up to us to sell different activities such as parasailing, jet ski, banana boat ride, horseback riding etc. We did the buggy. It was okay. They take you to a different location which was about 40 min drive and the actual time on the buggy was about 2hrs. It got to be too long. The place we drove wasn't very clean. You were difenitely outside of the resort. I felt safe there was a guide with us. Waitstaff: was very friendly, if they didn't have something out in the buffet they would try to get it. Most of the time they did get it. They spoke Spanish but some did speak English. My 3yrs in high school (15yrs ago) came in handy and my Italian. The gift shop is very expensive but its nice to know there is one on the resort. Unfortunately I bought coffee to take to the US and than later that week walked on the beach and found vendors who sold things a lot cheaper. You can barter with them. I bought coffee at the gift shop for $8.00 and the vendors on the beach were charging $3.00. I would definately take the walk on the beach it not that far from the resort. Also Friday night only some of those same vendors come to the resort Its 35 pesos to a $1.00. They take american dollars so don't bother exchanging your money. The grounds were kept clean but it was NOT very colorful. Pool great for kids its shallow. There is another pool that was being renovated. I like the layout of the resort. All the restaurants were close to each other. There is a buffet near the beach for lunch 12-3pm. Dinner buffet is located elsewhere and is at 6:30-10:30pm. If you do the restaurants there are 2 seating 6:30 or 9::00pm. There is a disco but I cant comment because we didn't go. We had no problem with shower but I do advise to shower before 5:00. Don't open your mouth in the shower and don't brush or drink with tap water. They provide you rooms daily with 2 big water bottles. All of the restaurants and bars have filtered water and water bottles you can take on the beach. I did not get sick. Ohh you might want to bring bug spray. We used it the first 2 days I think they sprayed the resort because we didn't experience any mositoes after those days. Our weather wasn't the greatest but you have no control of mother nature. It rained a couple of days and it was very over cast. It wasn't as hot. Although when the sun came out watch out because its strong. Of course our last day it was sunny and hot. One other thing the place is not very handicapped accesible. There are no elevators and only the lobby and dinner buffet has a ramp. So make sure your room is on the first floor.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>badabing052
<Content>so so Service was terrible, the rooms we booked were not available so they put cots in the room...not what we paid for, but they ended up being more comfortable then the beds. Guys walking around the lobby and beach trying to sell you stuff...more annoying then anything. not very relaxing. Would not recommend this place.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>capsule17
<Content>i'd rather call it the accidental my friend and i have been to punta cana 8 times and have stayed at 3 or 4 different resorts. i have to say that this one is close to the bottom of our list. we flew with air transat and stayed in the premium club. transat holidays will do their best to make your stay as good as it can be. unfortunately, as good as it got was not even close to good.we checked in quickly and were taken to our room directly beside the laundry room. the room was humid and the sheets, towels, and furniture were all damp. we immediately asked to change rooms and they did it quickly and with no problems, the rooms are spacious but dated, even the ones that were renovated if you believe it when they say satellite t.v. then you will not be pleased. if you don't go out every night and want to watch t.v, at any time, don't count on it.the buffet seating area was very comfortable but the food you eat while sitting there is another story. small buffet, not much of a selection and food undercooked or overcooked at times. we both also got sick and having been to many places there, this was a first. the a la cartes were kind of tacky and the food was just a bit above the buffet quality.great oven pizza from 11 p.m. - morn.the grounds are very well kept. very clean,the pool was okay. the swim up bar was not very well stocked and the actual bar was not very attractive. there is a small sports bar for breakfast and lunch and it was horrible. burnt hamburgers from a food warmer tray in the buffet and something that remotely resembled hotdogs. no salad selection unless you like lettuce and lettuce. there is really only one bar to go to at night and it is in the main lobby. if you don't smoke, you wont be happy. it is all one large area and you can not separate yourselves from the smokers. as most people say, the staff work their as..s of so it is nice to give them a little tip now and then.the casino is about the size of the hotel rooms and again smoke galore. there is a disco just outside the resort and it is the club to go to in the area. they bring bus loads of people from other resorts nightly.very sleazy, and if you want to pay for a good time, there are people who are very willing to oblige. power failures, water problems, lobby washrooms just plain gross!the beach... what can you say? BEAUTIFUL. everywhere in punta cana though.the entertainment was almost embarrassing and that was if they didn't have technical difficulties.we were booked to stay for 2wks but after a week of constant annoyances it was time to leave. we talked to our transat rep and for $140.00 more they transfered us to a beautiful resort called the melia caribe. well worth the money. that hotel is a 4 1/2 star for sure. the occidental is a 3 star resort.if these things don't bother you, then it is worth it. just be prepared to be a squeaky wheel because you will not get the oil if you don't say anything. be persistent because they will blow you off if you don't ask for things 2,3,4, times.if you are searching around on the internet frantically, pay the extra 150 bucks at the onset and go to the nicer resort and you will avoid the hassles.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Mirro
<Content>RUN AWAY AS FAST AS YOU CAN!       Dessert at the Orienta l Restaurant  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>charo613
<Content>Not that bad I recently stayed at the Flamenco Memorial Day Weekend. We stayed for 6 days, and there were 4 of us. It's not that bad!!!! Were there a few issues, yes, but you're on vacation, lighten up and go with the flow.Check-In: somewhat of a long line, but went pretty quickly. Not too much of an issue there, the help at the desk was very nice and friendly.Rooms: Very large, spacious, plenty of room. Our bathroom was clean and the water, toilet and shower all worked fine all week. How often are you in the room anyway????Food: buffet was very big and you could find most of anything. I am an extremely picky eater, and I had no problems with the food anywhere. The pizza at the upstairs rest was very good! The Home Rum sports bar-you can get burgers, fries, hot dogs etc... again food was good.Beach: UNBELIEVABLE!!Pool: huge and beautiful!!! there was always someone cleaning it. say hola to alfredo at the swim up bar, he's great!!!The power did go out a few times (1-2) for only approx 30 minutes each time. Once was at night around 9, the other was approx 530, a bit of an inconvenience, but your on vaca, try to make the best of it, it was back on within a 1/2 hour.Overall, the hotel could use a little updating, whcih they are doing building by building. You're not going to get the Plaza!!!We had no problems and had such a great time that we are going back in September!!! So if it really was that bad, we certainly would not be going back!!! The workers work very hard and they are always smiling and happy and try to welcome you. They are great people!!! I think some people just expect too much. You're on vacation in a poor country, lighten up, relax, and just have a good time!!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>jbabyforyou
<Content>More like torture not a vacation This was the worst vacation of my life. The weather was cloudy all week. Take away the beach and the pool there was absolutely nothing to do. Any water activity I wanted to do was always cancelled due to rain. I was bored out of my mind. I managed to go snorkeling one day and that was actually cool. That was the extent. I am from New York so I am spoiled with good food at home. The food at this hotel is absolutely gross. I tried everything and nothing was good. I had to go to the supermarket and get chips and crackers to survive the week. I also had to leave the resort to go to the supermarket because the one that the resort provided was ridiculously overpriced. A bag of Sun Chips was $6. That is more than three times the amount I pay in New York and New York鈥檚 prices should be higher than a third world country鈥檚 prices. The shows at nighttime are basically the same every night. It is always people from the audience doing a dance on stage. The entertainment was lacking. I mean if you want to go away and be bored out of your mind this is the place for you. I am 23 years old and my boyfriend who came with me is 29. We did drink a lot but after a while of just drinking you do start to get stomach aches. I went to the club one night and stayed to midnight waiting for it to get good but we were the only ones in the place (besides the security guards). The staffs at the bars were the nicest. The rest of the staff was really nasty to Americans. They try to take advantage of you every chance they get and I was tipping like crazy. The rooms were ok minus the ant infestation and the power/water constantly shutting on and off. There is also no water pressure in the showers. If you have this place booked, I would cancel. That was the worst spent $2400 of our life. Since the second day I was there I could not wait to be home. I never ever felt that way on vacation before. If you have no choice and have to go, I would pack snacks to eat.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>milena6766
<Content>So much fun but far from luxurious, best for singles or all girl/guy trip...       The Beach at the resort, Bavaro Beach. Just gorgeous. FYI for parents: topless allowed  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	2	3	1	

<Author>VirginiaSexyqueen
<Content>Didn't want to come home Wow...what a vacation. We visited this resort from May 14- May 21. No problems from the beginning to the end. My family and I have been to Punta Cana 8 times now. We have been to other resorts but we absolutely prefer this one. We flew with American Airlines directly to Punta Cana. There was a VIP bus waiting for us to transport us from the airport to the hotel. We arrived late only because of American Airlines. When we got to the Hotel....Lenny from the front desk welcomed us with a smile and a cool drink. He was very accomodating. To hear that no one speaks English is such a lie. I know for a fact that their were 4 people from the front desk who speak English very well. And their is one available at all times. The bellhops Fransisco, Juan Pablo, and Ramon were great in attending to our needs with our suitcases and transfers and giving us rides in the carts throughout the premises.Lenny was very quick and gave us a wonderful room in Building 24. We have stayed in 26 and 18 before and all rooms were completely fine. No mold smell, no bugs, nothing negative. We always had hot water even during the busy hours. The air conditioning was fantastic and the linens were always clean. The refrigerator was always filled with big bottles of water (do not drink the water from the resort...only bottled water). We had beer and soda. Never a problem. The maid service kept our rooms immaculate and well supplied.The food at the Buffet was always fresh and different. A good assortment for everyone. And you could always get pizza until 6 am in the morning. Made fresh for you. Never got sick from the food. The workers Luiz, Arcenides, Anemencia, Navarro, Jesus and others were very accomodating and took good care of us.The grounds are immaculate. Someone always cleaning the pools, the walkways, and the beach. And Sandy always has a smile on his face.The shows in the evening are entertaining and different each night. They try to get you involved or have you on stage. If you win.. they will reward you with a bottle of rum. mmmm.The workers on the premises always smile and say hola. Make an effort to talk to them and they will always remember you.You may not always have top of the line in drinks, but those bartenders can make fantastic drinks with what they have. You would never know the difference. Emilio and Jose Raul were fantastic in the lobby. And Santiago and Benito were fantastic bartenders on the beach. The Promoters of the time shares were no problem. Always friendly and took a 'no' graciously. The entire staff we want to thank for remembering us and treating us with so much kindness and love. We will always recommend this resort over any other and will come back soon. We are already making plans to return in the fall of the year. Feel free to contact me if needed and ignore negative reviews. I don't feel they are correct in entirety. This resort is great and you should definitely try it. And the people are absolutely great.Also, try the disco next to the hotel if you like to dance. Mangu. A lot of fun. Areito and Pacha are nice clubs too. Enjoy your vacation at this resort.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ladiesfirst
<Content>Would never go back My girlfriends and I had the misfortune of staying at the Occidental Resort over the Memorial Day Weekend. First off, check-in was a nightmare.... it was completely unorganized and the lines were ridiculous. We get to our room which looked like it hadn't been thoroughly cleaned in a year, the bathroom was DISGUSTING. Not to mention the brown water coming from both the sink and the shower..... Oh and let me not forget the toilet which flushed when it wanted to. We were subjected to 3 blackouts and for 2 days there was no running water for hours. The food was mediocre but the staff was very nice. The best thing about the resort was the beach and of course the drinks. Don't get me wrong I will usually make the best out of a bad situation but this experience is by far the worst I've ever had. I Wouldn't recommend this resort to my worst enemy.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	3	2	

<Author>imoore22
<Content>You are crazy to stay here!!!!!!!!!!!! My friend and I went down to celebrate Memorial Day Weekend...when we arrived to our luxury room, it was FILTHY! The toilet looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years! Thank goodness for antibacterial wipes! Not to mention the toilet flushed about once an hour and ran the whole entire time we were there! Forget about the shower...three streams of water is what we had..and when asked to change our room, we were told they were sold out! The pools looked nice until I saw the biggest roach of all floating on by!!! They didn't even have towel service for the pool! There were 3 blackouts and no water for hours! And forget about the food - the best thing to eat was the pizza!!You would be off your rocker to stay at this place after reading this review!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	2	3	2	

<Author>Tw0fl0wer
<Content>Was OK ...       Pool  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>CalgaryAvsfan
<Content>Hospitible NOT One bad experience overal. I have travelled all over the world and this has to be the worst. Initiated by a cash cow timeshare preasure, to very little hospitality or assistance to those in need. Over rated over priced, multitude of time asked staff to refil frige with water and pop and even that was a hastle. I will not be back !!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Shosha_Snick
<Content>Loved the Occidental!!! Will go back again!       one of the pools  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JerseyOne201
<Content>royal club i just spent about days in Occidental Punta Cana (Royal Club) however i had friends stay in regular suites. I have no complaines within staff, housekeeping nor the guest services agents. But, what i do want to say is that guest do get treated different by the color of their bands. Our friends were never kept up to date; every time they called the desk for information or a request the services agents would pick up and hang up more than one. Royal club is deff worth it. Hotel itself is fun. I did a couple excursion and they were awesome!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Fungirl123
<Content>Would never recommend My friend and I went down for a relaxing, fun trip to the Dominican during Memorial Day Weekend. We were never told it was Urban Experience Weekend and unfortunately had to listen to horrible rap music from 11 a.m. until 6 p.m. with no breaks or any other type of music. We called to be moved and to see when the music would stop (we called mid afternoon). They told us soon and that we couldn't be moved. The next day (Friday) we decided to go to the beach to avoid whatever could happen with this Urban Experience Weekend. It was great for a little bit, then they started blaring more rap music closer to the beach (and at another pool we tried to relax at). Parasailing was fun, though the driver of the boat kept us above the sand the whole time instead of over the water. Nothing seemed organized with planning the parasailing trip. Had to wait a long time. We were constantly asked by workers if we wanted to try this and that, and we kept on saying no. The buffett was horrible, but you can't expect much at a buffett. The Italian restaurant was delicious, as was the Grill. Mexican was iffy and we didn't try the Oriental. The drinks were nothing fabulous, but they were available whenever we wanted them. The resort lost power twice and the water was shut off for a couple hours one day. There was a leak in the closet of our room and it unfortunately soaked my friend's clothes and stained one item. We called the front desk 3 times to complain and see if someone could come and check out the leak. No one came after an hour of waiting and calling. We finally brought the clothes to the desk, where they told us the manager isn't around, he's probably eating. They told us to talk to someone else and that person brought the clothes to someone else and then came back and said All we can do is give you free laundry service and move you to another room. This was the early evening the day before we were leaving so there was no point in moving. We should have been reimbursed for the ruined shirt and they could have at least come to the room to check out the damage. The rest of the time our room was musty and gross. And we also killed three cockroach looking bugs in one night and we have bed bug bits all over our legs. We never felt clean in our room or after we showered. I do not recommend this trip to anyone who has traveled to fancier places and is used to good service.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>TonyC007
<Content>We would go back - need I say more! My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks (8 to 22 May, 2008) and thoroughly enjoyed it. Yes, the comments in some of the reviews are correct, the water did go off and looked a little cloudy, the power sometimes failed, but don't judge this by home town standards. This is the Caribbean and what you do get is a beautiful white sand beach, sun,sun sun, a clean turquoise sea and an acceptable range of food (quantity and quality wise) in the buffet restaurents (the theme restaurents are not spectacular) but best of all we found the staff to be WONDERFULL. What an example they could set to some of the premium hotel chains. They are pleasant, cheerful, willing and if you want to learn a little Spanish, more than willing teachers.There is something to do all day, activities wise, shows in the evening from a very enthusiastic (if a little amateurish) group or you can prop up the bar if you want! Everyones perception of value is coloured by what they paid and as we took this holiday as a last minute deal at around 拢750 each for 2 weeks including flights from UK, all inclusive, we considered it was excellent value. At around this price we would happily go again - I can't say that about all the places I've been in the Caribbean!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Puggie02
<Content>Don't go here!! I just returned from a week stay at Occidental, and I have to say, the beaches of Punta Cana are beautiful, but there is very little to be be said for the hotel. The staff was pleasant, and the grounds were pretty, but as a single female traveler, I felt very uncomfortable by several of the male employees who were following me around the resort, asking if I was alone. It freaked me out. Also, I was probably one of the only single travelers there. Not what my travel agent told me. The food was beyond awful..I actually got food poisoning. They charge $120 to see the hotel doctor. Plus meds. Nice touch. At my orientation day the second day, they told us not to drink the water. Thanks...telling us on day one would have helped. Stick with the bottled water like I did. We lost electricity almost every night (no generators onsite), and the sink and shower water was a nice shade of pale yellow. If it weren't for the nice beaches, I would have called my travel agent to get me out of the resort. Spend the extra money and go somewhere with good reviews. I've never been somewhere this bad.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SuperflyMagilla
<Content>Great Little Getaway My girlfriend and I just spent 5 nights at the Occidental and really enjoyed our stay. Pool: Great layout, swim up bar, and a little area towards the back that is shallow enough you can sun bath while in water. Very cool. Beach: Very nice, figure its the typical beautiful beach in the DR. Never had any trouble getting a chair and there is a bar right near by so easy to get drinks.Food: The food was not fantastic. The buffet is solid, sometimes the food is not hot enough, but for breakfast and lunch its more than adequate. They have 4 different restaurants, and we tried 3 of them. The Oriental and Mexican were not so good, while the Brazialian restaurant was very good. Never made it to the Italian one. But the resort also has 2 places where you sit outside and can either have tacos or pizza. The tacos were quite good. Drinks: Similar to the food, this area was also lacking. There is only one type of beer, Presidente. I actually used to like this beer, now I doubt I'll be drinking it for quite some time. Guessing any all inclusive has only one type of beer though. The big disappointment was the mixed drinks. Did not expect top shelf liquor, but outside of the rum the rest are iffy. And bring a bottle of soda from your room to mix, the soda from the machines are all syrup. Service: The maid service is very good, and if you tip and leave a note they will leave beer in your all inclusive fridge. Big plus, because they are bottles and not Presidente. Overall: This is a great resort. If you have kids there seemed to be daily activities and few loud and rowdy groups. Mainly a low key resort, it is a great escape, and can't beat the price. Just don't go in expecting the food to be amazing quality.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Partygirl01
<Content>The truth about the Occidental we experienced.... We just returned from our stay at the Occidental 05/12/-05/19. After reading all these reviews I was horribly afraid we had made such a mistake booking this hotel. For the most part the reviews have been just terrible. We were traveling with two daughters age 19 and 22. I had requested three things prior to our arrival, two rooms close to each other, Beachview and top floor. (all units are three floors) We arrived at the Occidental around 12:30 pm and went to the check in desk. They couldn't have been nicer. We were greated by a welcome drink. Our rooms were not ready as it was before 3:00. We changed and proceeded to the beach. The beach was more than any of us expected. Beautiful, clean and the ocean was free of seaweed and no rocks on the ocean floor just soft sand. The water was the most beautiful color of blue. We found lounges with no problem. The beach bar was great with such friendly people both bartenders and visitors. People from all over the globe, Alaska, Germany, Ireland, Poland, Romania and USA. Enjoyed a lovely afternoon. Went back to check in around 4ish. We were given two rooms next to each other in Bldg 13, room 104 and 106 both Ocean Front but on the 1st floor. These rooms were huge clean and lovely. Actually one room had a patio that wrapped around to the side also. Our views were directly looking at the beautiful beach with all the tropical plants and palm trees. So pretty. Every day we were there we had hot water.... and no it wasn't brown! Everyday we had fresh flowers placed on the bed and in the bath. I should mention that we were not on the the ROYAL PLAN. Just regular. We did leave a small monetary tip each day. Everyday our refrig had fresh soda, water and beer. The Timeshare people that I read about on this site were said to be annoying. We were only approached twice...once after breakfast in the lobby and once by the Home Run Cafe. Each encounter was less than 2 minutes. Each time we said we weren't interested and they left us alone and were very polite about it. The pool is huge with activities during the day. The pool bar was always hopping. There are several restaurants on the grounds...you have to have reservations for all. Make them early and make them for several days at a time. Some we didn't care for and others were pretty good. They have a pizza place that is open until the wee hours of the morning. Great hearth baked pizza. Shows every evening...8:00 for kids and 9ish for the adults... the entertainment was good. This resort is very very large. If you didn't feel like walking the golf cart would drive you where you needed to go. The gift shops are in a seperate location out the front of the lobby... very expensive....never pay what they are asking...you can bargin way down.No bugs anywhere!!! We never had a problem getting lounges on the beach. There are huts to sit under if the sun is too intense. The temp daily was between 92 and 96 and very humid...always a breeze but a hot breeze. The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. We talked to a lot of people and no one had a bad thing to say about the hotel. We did rent a room safe and were charged $25 for the lock. It's a big safe in the closet with plenty of room for all your personal items. We are in our early 50's and the girls as I mentioned 19 and 22. We all had such a great time. There were a lot of families at this resort with very young children. There was something to do for every age. This is a great place to go and just relax and take in the beauty of this resort. Just remember it's big...very big so lots of walking depending where your room is. We did bring adapters for the plugs in the room. We needed them but the girls didn't. Some rooms had the same electric as the states and others didnt. We brought rafts from home and used them in both the ocean and pool. Bring tons of sunscreen as the sun is intense. Not one single day of rain. We will be going back probably in September.I am sorry for all of you that have written in with such horrible experiences. Thankfully we didn't have a single negative thing happen to us nor did anyone we spoke to. Needless to say we were very happy and releaved that our trip was nothing like those that some of you experienced..  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tomorrow55
<Content>Wouldn't Recommend If you're traveling to Punta Cana, save yourself the trouble and book with another resort. The Occidental is outdated - the food is terrible and the customer service was just as bad. Beaches were beautiful and the pools were nice as well. Pay the extra money and stay at one of the nicer resorts - it's worth it!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	1	2	

<Author>Diricos
<Content>loved the grounds, thats about it Problem with the water in the bathrooms...it was brown! One day there was NO water!! There was no premium or even top shelf alcohol. Getting extra towels for your room was like pulling teeth...impossible. You can only make reservations for restaurants in the morning ('til 10am) then you have no choice on the food they serve. They dont tell you that its a fixed menu (for most)...stick with the buffet. The best part was the Lobster House which you have to pay per person...the price was great for the amount of food. The grounds  the rooms were kept neat and clean.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	2	2	

<Author>PNowak
<Content>Had a great time .... not the best but acceptable       Sunset  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>NJCBMC
<Content>Honeymoon in Paradise We chose the Occidental as the spot for our honeymoon and after reading some reviews, we were very apprehensive. When we arrived our room was not ready and we were told to come back in an hour. The service at the front desk throughout the week was not the greatest...however, besides a couple of the restuarants, this was our ONLY complaint. The resort is something off a postcard. The beach is AMAZING. The service from the bartendars (esp. Santiago and Fransico) was flawless and well as our daily interactions with the waitors (Robinson being our fave!). The grounds were very well kept and our room was better than the pictures off the internet! We had zero problems with water and electric as we had read was an issue in past reviews. Everyone made us feel very welcomed and right at home. We would definetly visit the Occidental again!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>nelboski
<Content>Excellent Value My girlfriend and I (mid 20's couple) stayed at the Occidental from May 2 - May 10 with another couple and had a wonderful time. We booked with Air Canada Vacations and stayed in a Junior Suite room. I read over 100 reviews on this site before heading there and found that we were pretty prepared for everything that came our way on the trip.All in all the resort is an excellent value for the money as there is everything a reasonable person would expect. I have broken down the many aspects of the trip, including everything that I experienced and everything I would have liked to know before I left for the trip...Airport:After we landed at the airport and quickly cleared customs we were loaded onto a bus with the help of a gentlemen who carried our bags. For the whole 100 meter trip to the bus, the guy asked for $10. I found out later that my friend we were traveling with actually paid that much. This was the last time that any of us paid what the locals were asking. After that, it was a 20 - 25 minute drive to the resort.Check-in:When you arrive at the resort, the guys at the front have you leave your luggage and check-in. We arrived at about 10pm, so we got into a room right away. The check-in was quick and we even got into a room close to our friends. We had to wait until the morning to purchase a safe key for the room ($25). Once we were set to go to the room, the bell boys loaded us and our luggage onto a golf cart and showed us to our rooms. We dropped the gentlemen our first of many $1 tips.Room:The room was better than I expected, having a king-sized bed, love seat, back porch, A/C, fridge, and typical amenities of a North American style hotel room. I really only used the room for sleeping, showering and getting out of the sun the odd time. It was comfortable for sleeping and the showers always had warm water. A couple of times the power went off completely in the room in the afternoon, but it didn't bother us any. Anyways, if you plan to stay in your room a lot, then why are you staying on a resort in Punta Cana?Every day we each left $1 on the pillow for the maids. They provided us with clean linens, towels, beer (we left a note requesting some), plenty of water, and really just a nice, clean room. We were so impressed by the room-keepers that we left them some toys at the end and a lovely note (in Spanish) from my girlfriend.Beach: The beach is why we came on the trip, and it was immaculate. The water was a beautiful ocean blue and also very refreshing. You could walk down either side of the beach for as long as you like. We found that the Occidental section of the beach had some of the most sand area, and it was definitely one of the most well-kept stretches as well (not very much seaweed on shore). Despite a lot of available seating, it was difficult to find shade from a palapa on the beach. The waves were decent enough on some of the days that you could boogie board.Pool:The pool was always extremely clean. Of the 3 pools on the resort, we spent all of our pool time in the large pool. The pool is fairly shallow in many parts, never getting more than about 5 feet deep at any point. If it did get any deeper I may have drowned considering the excellent service at the swim up bar. There are not that many spots around the pool with palapas, but we usually found one without difficulty.Grounds:The grounds are absolutely gorgeous. I can rarely think of a time that I didn't see a grounds keeper working their ass off during the days. We gave the pop/sodas in our fridge away to these guys and they were thrilled each time we did. One guy actually shimmied right up a tree for us to get my girlfriend a coconut when I simply asked him how to go about getting one of the fancy coconut drinks I saw others with. In terms of layout, things are set up nicely around the resort as we knew our way around in no time at all. No problems here at all.Buffets: The lobby buffet always had something for everyone. Breakfast there was always good with all the main foods (including two omelette and one crepe station). Also, plenty of fresh fruit, meats, eggs, smoothies, etc. The beach buffet was the place to go for lunch when staying at the beach. Soups, salads, pasta, fish, meat...a really nice buffet with a great view of the ocean.Snack bars:The home run was located at the pool just above the swim-up bar and had hamburgers, chicken burgers, hot dogs, french fries, deep-fried calamari and nachos. It was a nice place for a snack and a decent alternate to the beach buffet for lunch. Overall, the food here was decent, although the service from Robinson was exceptional. The pizza and taco stands were both exceptional for evening - late-night snacking. You can basically get them to stone-bake your pizza with just about anything you want on it...unreal after a drink or seven! The taco stand had beef, chicken, pork, shrimp, or veggie tacos. I tried the beef and chicken and loved them both.A La Cartes:First off, book these restaurants the first morning that you are there (between 8 and 12). We immediately booked the Oriental, Brazilian and Mexican each two days apart (can only book 3). Later in the week we booked the Italian restaurant without difficulty. The Oriental was good, although we still had some room after the appetizer, entree, and desert that you got to order. The Brazilian was our favourite as they bring out one bit at a time...the way they serve everything is pretty cool and mysterious. I won't ruin the experience for you...just make sure you enjoy eating meat and you will love it. The mexican was pretty great as well. Similar set-up here to the Oriental place....I would say good overall for this place. The italian we avoided until the end because a) why would I come to Dominican to eat Italian and b) I heard it was nothing special. I must say that the soup and the antipesto were pretty good, but the entrees left something to be desired. If I really only got to choose three, I would leave the italian out.Bars:There are bars just about everywhere you go on this resort. The best drinks were probably in the lobby bar as they are served in a glass with all the fixings. The pool bar is where I did the most damage to my liver. The other bars are all suitable and equipped to keep you happy. Heads up for Lidio at the swim-up bar with his mamaviagra's...kind of like the mamajuana shots they give you, but they are his special recipe. The mamajuana is a blend of half red-wine, half rum, with honey and a bunch of seasoning (wood chips and stuff). Aside from the weird stuff they have just about any drink you can think of. I did a lot of the slushy-type drinks and found that the rum here goes down a lot better than the N. American stuff. Some must try's: Pina Colada (rum), Flamenco Especiale (pink blend), Coco Loco, Tiki Tiki, Strawberry Daquiry, Sex on the beach. However, I should note that I am primarily a beer guy and I loved the Presidente they had on tap everywhere. It is a nice little Pilsener for those in the know. The beers that were stocked in my fridge were Bohemia Especiale - also a Pilsener.Service:Everyone went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable. We left a lot of $1 tips over the course of the trip, although I am sure the service would have been great regardless.Activities:There is not a ton that goes on at the resort for activities. You can take out one of the sit-on-top kayaks for a quick spin, play daytime tennis, and various other things around the resort for no cost (eg - volleyball, beach aerobics, ping pong, water polo, etc.). We were basically there to relax, so we didn't do too much aside from the tennis and the gym a couple of times. The courts were in suitable shape and included some older racquets and balls (just book a 50 minute time slot one day in advance). The gym had everything you need, although one 30 minute workout was more than enough for us (so hot even in the morning and with the A/C). There are plenty of people on the beach that will take you para-sailing, and other motorized watersports...be prepared to negotiate a price.Club Mangu:Looked like a pretty happening club with a DJ playing a lot of dance, electronic type music. Had two levels and was quite busy. Since it doesn't really get going until midnight, we only made it out once briefly. Free cover for hotel members although the drinks there are certainly not free. If you want to party hard at night, the opportunity is there.Entertainment:The entertainment was actually pretty good with the nightly shows they had. They did things like dancing, singing, talent shows, kid stuff, etc. If you're looking for something to do at night, it is worth checking out. I actually regret not checking out the Michael Jackson show I heard so much about.Shopping:Anything on the resort is really expensive, so try to avoid having to pick anything up there like snack food ($5 for Pringles), sunblock (absurd costs), batteries, etc. In terms of other stuff, the independent vendors are your best bet. Apparently there are vendors just outside of the resort, although we didn't venture there ourselves. Instead, you can find vendors walking the beach either to the left or right. All of the vendors are aggressive, although in the end they are harmless. There is a much better selection traveling left on the beach than the right and we found the vendors less pushy here. For two of the nights on the resort, vendors were allowed to set up around the pool outside the lobby. I thought that was acceptable as you could easily avoid it if you wanted, and it was a convenient way to see everything the island has to offer in terms of goods.A typical experience is like this...as you approach the store the vendors verbally try to attract you to their store or even approach you, try to shake your hand, lead you into their store, etc. You then hear all sorts of great lines like cheapy cheapy, looky looky, Punta Canada (if you tell them you're from Canada), best prices in Punta Cana, best wood in Punta Cana, etc. Many vendors have you place everything you might want in a single place. Some of the time it was uncomfortable, although I got used to it pretty quickly. When the time to make the purchase come, it starts to get even more hilarious...The vendors pull out a calculator and inspect the items, often looking at some sort of sticker on the item as if it has the price. Really, they are just assessing the items based on weight, workmanship, etc. After a few seconds they come up with a ridiculous price and offer it to you with a straight face. Of course, never pay what they originally suggest. Haggling is the way it goes for everything in this country. A guy wanted $128 for a few small wood sculptures, although I eventually talked him down to $30 (after 5 minutes of haggling and almost leaving the store 4 times). If you are unsure about prices, try some low offers out at different places...you will be surprised how quickly you can figure this whole game out. Once you agree on a price for things, the guys calm down and honour the price. A no thanks wasn't always an effective way to get you out of the store, but just walking out always did the trick. Just beware that these vendors will prey on nice people. I usually don't enjoy these situations, but I actually enjoyed working for a good deal in the end.Excursions:We did the Saona beach excursion for $92 booked through our Air Canada rep. The tour goes from 7:20 am until about 6 or 7 pm. You take a 2 hour bus ride south, including through a town, then a 2 hour catamaran tour, a few hours on a nice clear-water beach in the Caribbean Sea, a stop in a natural swimming pool with starfish in the Sea, a speed boat ride back and then the return bus ride. Drinks and lunch are included. All in all, I wasn't overly impressed with the tour. The beach was very nice...but with the long rides involved and the $92 fee, I have to say the tour was just good. Our rep also mentioned the Outback Safari tour (full day, check out real life in the D.R.), and a half day tour that includes snorkeling among nurse sharks and stingrays (which I would have liked to have done as well). Each of these tours was somewhere around $80 - $90 and are supposed to be the best tours to go on. Timeshare:The only negative aspect of the resort is the timeshare people. It doesn't take a whole lot to spot these guys. Generally they are situated outside of the home run restaurant by the pool and in the lobby outside of the buffet. They were generally around in the mornings and were dressed in white collar shirts and dark pants. These guys were always trying to get you to go to some information session...they were often quite aggressive and always a pain in the butt. Avoiding eye contact, ignoring them, and just walking by tended to work pretty well for us. I didn't have a problem being kind of rude to these guys since they weren't exactly polite to us. I couldn't believe that these guys were allowed on the resort. It is unacceptable having to deal with these guys when you're relaxing on vacation. The resort really should do more to eliminate this problem in the future. Despite our frustration with these guys, their minimal pestering wasn't enough to affect our vacation.Other useful points:- the receptacles in the rooms accept a regular north american style plug so you can plug in your many devices- my ipod and mini speakers were essential on the beach and by the pool - bugs are really few and far between there for the most part. if you're sensitive to bugs I would suggest some mosquito repellent with deet in it at night. noticed more bugs on the excursion we were on by the way- we opted for no malaria pills, and so far so good in that department (knock on wood)- bring a lot of US $1 bills for tipping as they are hard to find around the resort- bring lots of sunblock, batteries, snacks, or anything else you can't be without unless you're willing to pay big $- we brought some inflatable chairs for the pool which paid great dividends for the $9 spent at wal-mart- if you like to drink a lot bring a travel mug or some insulated thermos for drinks. the bartenders will pour whatever you want into whatever you want.All in all, this resort was everything we expected and more. You will find an inconvenience no matter where you go, although it is up to you if it is going to ruin your time or not.I would be delighted to answer any questions you may have about this resort. Hopefully you have gained something useful from this review.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>KNDMaryland
<Content>We just can't believe it!! We were one of the couples that read lots of review but figured we were open minded and easy going people.. not everyone has the same opinion BOY we were wrong. Where do I start.. we got back today so still drained from the over all experience. Let me say first of all.. we would reccommend Apple anytime.. they were GREAT... no problem at all with the flight, ride to and from airport. This was our first all inclusive vacation so we stayed in the Royal Club in the Occidental and if it wasn't for the Royal Club and the beach we would have thought what are we paying for?? After we arrived and things started to happen we figured lets suck it up because after all we're on vacation.. The staff at the Royal Cub restaurant were fantastic and to work 12 days(the staff) straight ALL day and be as nice as they were was amazing to us. I (the husband) went back tonight to read more review and I have to tell you everything I read tonight and before our trip is exactly what happens.. it was bad.. 2 times NO water AT all, electric went out, tiolet ran 24 hours straight all the time, room keys never worked, below average room and out dated bathroom, AC was VERY loud, the water issue wasn't bad when we had it, noise from the contruction going on, oh and they never told us when the water was off, never informed us that the PRIVATE pool in the Royal Club wasn't even working as in no water in it, we did experience the feeling that if you don't have Royal Club bracelets on you were looked down on.. by the way.. if you are Royal Club you have different brands of alcohol. Room service was very nice. We would not reccomend Occidental Punta Cana to anyone and would never go back.. still haven't decided if we will return to Punta Cana.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>simbapa
<Content>LOVED IT...LOVED IT...LOVED IT... Don't hesitate to stay here unless you are upper class American and only expect the very very best. For the price you pay this resort is awesome. I have been to Punta Cana before and stayed at a Riu resort which was nice but I liked this much better. I am from middle class america and I was very satisfied. I went with my daughter and my 2 grandsons. They had a blast. It kills me when people put in these reviews about no hot water and a long check in etc. You are in another country people. Not America. Deal with it. They don't have water systems like we do. If you expect 5 star service then don't leave your country where you have all the modern facilities. We only had to take a cold shower one day and it gave us a good laugh. Check in couldn't have been any smoother. We arrived at noon and were in our room at 1. Food was great, pool is awesome. Swim up bar fantastic, beach is beautiful and on and on. So bottom line is if you are an average american like me go to this resort. It is wonderful. email me any questions and I will gladly answer them. And please ignore the negative comments. They are unfounded.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>rlbeaches
<Content>**Never Again **Worst Hotel I've Stayed In Caribbean** Let me start by saying this hotel had the worst service of anycaribbean hotel I have ever stayed. I go to all-inclusive so i will not be harrassed!! Every day i washarrassed to buy something. The rooms were shabby and the bathroom was horrible. No hot water, some days no towels. For 3 days for about 3 hours there was no power or water!NO ONE advised us and when I asked they said everyone wasadvised.The food was average, but the 5 or so restaurants you could choose from were not all available, only on certain days you could pick from only 2. If it wasn't for the beach I would have been miserable!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>BAUM2BE
<Content>Mixed Emotions       Pool at Sunset  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>2	4	1	4	2	1	2	2	

<Author>thejoint
<Content>Don't go Our group of 7 just got back from the Occidental in Punta Cana. We had stayed in DR before ( Not Occidental ) and had a great time. All were looking forward to a fun trip. Arrived on the 24th of April, to find 2 rooms were ready and 2 were not. 1 of our friends room reservation was lost. After they sat for an hour or more in the lobby they were finally shown to their rooms. My husband and I had a problem with our room key. It didn't work... so I called up to reception and asked for a new key to be brought to us. They informed me that I needed to come up myself to get new key. Off I go, get new key ,back to room and it still doesn't work. this went on for 4 more attempts. 2 hours later, yeah the keys work, until the next day when they didn't.One of our friends went to take a shower, no hot water, she sucked it up, got in and quickly found out that the water was to stop running completely. Nice...We had rain one evening, the resort was under about 6 of water, while we waded through to get to the buffet, this terrible stench of sewer was all around us.If you don't mind drinking only Dominican beer, then you'll be ok. But if you want a Bud, it will cost you $5.00 for each. But only after 5:00 PM, when they unlock the beer safe. Are you kidding me !!!. The list keeps going on. Do yourself a favor. If you've booked this resort, change it and if you haven't don't. There are to many other good ones, to choice from.If they ever once tried to make things right, you'd be able to over look some problems, but they didn't. Customer satisfaction is key in my book, something they havn't learned yet.Will never go back.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>wdander
<Content>Very disappointed in Grand Flamenco We took a girls trip to the Occidental Grand in April (just returned) and were really pleased with the grounds (spotless) and the beach (was beautiful). Even the food wasn't that bad. I'd stick with the buffet, Homerun pool bar (excellent hamburgers!), or the Asian Restaurant.  But there are a few things that would make me not recommend this resort to my friends.1. We had NO hot water to take a shower any of the four nights that we were there. And we took them at all different times as I had read not to take them around 5 as that is when people come up from the beach. Too many showers going at one time. After being warm from being on the beach, the cold shower was almost painful. The tub was not the best. Really needed work.2. The last night when they made up our room, they didn't give us any towels to take that cold shower. We asked two different housekeeping staff and it was always One Momento. We finally had to borrow a towel from our friends down the hall. (And we left a $4 tip each day)3. We were told to come down the morning after we checked in at 8am to make reservations for the specialty restaurants. We did that but we were told that all the restaurants were filled for the whole week, except for the Mexican for that day and the Mexican and Steak place for the next night. We had been to this resort with a big group 4 years ago and ate at the restaurants and the only one we wanted to go to was the Asian. So we didn't get any. However, when we were waiting for the rain to stop one day, we were talking to some ladies that were there with a wedding group and she said she had reservations for the Italian rest. for 4 people if we wanted them and had reservations for 2 people for the Asian and we took that too. The Italian wasn't the best, but we took our reservation for 2 to the Asian and he let the 4 of us in. It was outstanding.4. No one told us that housekeeping would bring us beach towels unless, the person who wrote another review had a more expensive package than we did. That wasn't any big deal because we were close to where you get the towels.5. To get chairs with an unbrella (tiki hut), the first morning, one of us went down at 6:45am and they were all taken. The next morning one of us went down at 6:15 and still couldn't get one and on the third morning I went down at 5:10am (still pitch black out) and was able to get one. If you don't go down before the crack of dawn, you can't get a chair at all. To me, who needs that hassle when you're on vacation?! 6. Oh and did I mention that some of our ceiling fell down? Luckily it didn't fall on us.7. I guess the reason I am writing this is because of the experience I had when I checked out. After checking out, I told the person at the front desk about us not having any water and no towels and he said, You're checked out? I said, Yes. He said, then there's no problem. I told him it had been a problem and he said no, there is no problem. I was kind of dumbfounded and just walked away with a I can't believe he said that look on my face.My three girlfriends and I are very easy going, laid back people, and usually go with the flo, but this resort needs to step up if they want guests to return.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>psuwalt
<Content>Fantastic!!       View from our room at Royal Club  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Drawz
<Content>Great time, but problems with the room. I read a lot of reviews about the Occidental Grand Flamenco prior to traveling there from April 18-25. When we read about the problems people had with the Occidental Punta Cana, we were optimistic that those people were just finicky travelers who insisted on being treated like royalty. Unfortunately, we ran into a lot of the same issues that I had read about here. Check In鈥擶e didn鈥檛 have any problems at check in. Transfer to the hotel from the airport was a breeze, and a short one at that. When we arrived at the hotel, someone met us in the lobby with a welcome and a glass of juice. We arrived at the hotel around 11am, and check in was not until 3pm. From reading all of the reviews on this website, I was aware that half of the rooms at the resort have been renovated. When we checked in, I asked the gentleman at the front desk if we could be placed in a renovated room, and gave him a $20 tip. He said he would see what he could do. We had a few hours to kill, so we checked out the grounds, had lunch, and hung out in the lobby. When 3pm rolled around, there was a huge line at the front desk. The guy I had spoken to earlier remembered me and immediately waived me over to the side of the counter. He said he couldn鈥檛 get us in a renovated room, but put us close to the pool and the lobby (which was very convenient for us). The $20 I tipped him didn鈥檛 get us an updated room, but I figured it was worth since we didn鈥檛 have to stand in the long check in line. Rooms鈥擧onestly, the rooms were the biggest disappointment for us. I had read a lot of reviews on here from people I specifically emailed our travel agent before hand about this, and I was assured we鈥檇 get a king bed. Lo and behold, we had two twin beds pushed together. I went back to the front desk and asked about moving to a room with a king-sized bed, but the guy at the desk told me they were full and I would have to come back to speak to a manager the next day. At the same time I was there, someone who was on our transfer from the airport was yelling at the front desk that the ceiling in his room was bowed down and looked it was going to cave in. We鈥檙e pretty laid back people and didn鈥檛 want to act like spoiled tourists, so we just dealt with the bed. However, once we got settled in, we noticed a lot of little things wrong with the room. Two of the lights in the room didn鈥檛 work. I tried swapping out bulbs from one of the working lamps, but they didn鈥檛 work either, so it was an electrical problem. The refrigerator in our room didn鈥檛 work. My wife checked to see if it was plugged in, and she got an electrical shock from the plug. When I pulled the fridge away from the wall a bit, I saw that the electrical cord has frayed and had no insulation on it for a good three or four inches from the plug. The water situation was also problematic. Water came out of the shower in a very slow and small stream-- hardly any water pressure. I wound up removing the showerhead and showering under the open water pipe instead. Two of the nights, we didn鈥檛 have any hot water. Again, we just sucked it up and did our best to deal with it. On the last night, we didn鈥檛 have any running water in the room at all.  The only issue we complained about was the sliding glass door to our porch. We were on the ground floor, and the glass door didn鈥檛 close all the way or lock. We purchased the safe key (be sure to do this, by the way) for our valuables, but I still felt uneasy having an open and unlocked door all the time. I spoke to the Apple Vacations rep who was onsite and it was fixed the next day. For what it鈥檚 worth, the hotel leaves a maintenance request form in every room. I don鈥檛 know if that鈥檚 necessarily a good thing. We ran into quite a few people who had similar problems in their room. We met two couples who were on their honeymoon. Both of them had paid for the honeymoon upgrade package. Sometime during their stay, someone in the hotel 鈥渓ost鈥?the paper saying they were entitled to the honeymoon package. Others also had problems with the water pressure. Weather鈥擳he weather was great. It rained a couple of times, but for the most part there were showers that moved through quickly. It did rain very hard for most of our last day there, and that created some problems. The area around our building smelled like sewage after the rain (I suspect this had something to do with us not having any running water the last night). Also, the buildings have an open architecture. The room across the hall from us was at the bottom of the steps leading to the second floor. All of the rain water had run down the steps and was going under the door to that room (the people staying there had towels rolled up in front of the door and at the bottom of the steps). Service鈥擳he service was great. We left the maid a couple of dollars every morning. She brought us new beach towels twice a day鈥攐nce in the morning and once in the afternoon. When I left her a note (using my limited Spanish) asking for Diet Coke for the fridge, she replaced all of the regular Coke that was in the fridge and left us a couple of extras every day on top. I wore a beat-up t-shirt with the sleeves cut off to the pool every day. When I it on the bed, she folded it in a fan pattern. We also got massages in the spa one afternoon, and they were very good. Food鈥擳he food was pretty good. The buffet had a lot of choices and we didn鈥檛 get bored. The burgers at the Home Rum place by the pool were fantastic鈥攖he late night pizza place was absolutely outstanding, especially of a few hours of drinking. There are four a la carte restaurants鈥擨talian, Oriental, Mexican, and a Brazilian steakhouse. The resort only lets you make reservations for three, but on our last night, we went to the fourth one and asked the maitre鈥檇 politely if we could come in despite not having a reservation. He seated us without any problem (after dinner I gave him $10 and told him how much we appreciated it). The Oriental place was awesome, the Brazilian place was very good, and the other two were ok but nothing special to us. Oh, and the coffee was great (I鈥檓 a big coffee drinker). Entertainment鈥擳his was the best part of the trip for me. The bartenders were all fantastic. We made sure to tip the bartenders a couple of bucks each night, and it really seemed to help. At night, the hotel lobby was usually packed with people drinking at the bar. There were several times where I didn鈥檛 even finish my beer before the bartender took it away and refilled my cup. There was entertainment in the lobby almost every night, and there were usually a lot of people dancing and partying. If you鈥檙e drinking at the lobby bar, be sure to have a shot of mamma juanna or, if you鈥檙e really adventurous, order a 鈥淩eady To Go鈥? We never made it over to Mangu, the disco. The pool and the beach were also great. Culture鈥擶e took two excursions off the resort. One was the Outback Safari, where you tour the island on the back of an open truck. We visited a cigar factory, a coffee plantation, a typical Dominican house, and then went boogie boarding on a secluded beach. It was totally worth it. The guide was great and we learned a lot. The second trip was an all-day affair on an air conditioned tour bus. We went to a small cigar factory in La Romana, an underground cave, Altos de Chavon, and a shopping plaza which was little more than a duty free shop. We thought this tour was way too long (we were gone from the resort for about 12 hours), and didn鈥檛 learn nearly as much. The pictures we took at Altos de Chavon were amazing though. Lastly, I hate shopping to begin with, but the Dominican style of bartering was even more irritating. There are a series of shops a couple hundred yards down the beach. The people who work there are very aggressive about trying to get you into their store (they鈥檙e worse than the timeshare people on the resort). If you come in, they give you something small like a keychain or a necklace for free, making you then feel obligated to buy something. There aren鈥檛 prices on anything, so be prepared to barter. One of the guys wanted $100 for a painting we saw in another store for $15. Also, be aware of fake cigars. All in all, we had a good time in Punta Cana. We stayed at the Occidental Grand Aruba last year for our honeymoon and had an outstanding time, so this one was a little bit of a let down to us, but like I said, we tried to make the best of it. I have to say that this website was invaluable in providing us on info about what to expect on our vacation. I hope this review helps you plan yours.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kathy504
<Content>A beautiful resort       Premium Club Room  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PCIslandGirl
<Content>Planning my next trip as we speak!       Truly Paradise!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TSN
<Content>Excellent resort We are a late 30's early 40's couple from Nfld., Canada and have travelled extensively on holidays ranging from 7 month back-packing holidays to 5 star resorts. We travelled by Airtransat and they have blocks of rooms in very nice buildings. We booked last minute with selloffvacations and we were deligted all around. The room was new and 33 feet long and 12 feet wide from the front door to the end of the patio. All aspects of the room were lovely - mini-bar, concierge service, fresh beach towls at 7pm king size bed that was clean and comfortable with lovely linens and cover, large flat screen tv ... just plain excellent. It is close to the airport so no long bus ride.The lobby is as seen in the pictures; clean spaceous and airy. Staff on front desk were hit-and-miss from a friendiness perspective, but they all served promptly and efficiently.The buffet is excellent. We sat with an american couple one day who were complaining about the food. In front of her was a crepe, made hot right in front of her, filled with fresh tropical fruit, and an asssortment of caramel, berry sauce, choclate, ice cream and creme. She did not like it. Unbelivable. Do not heed the nonsense about poor food. Some guests need to miss a meal or two and develop and apetite. I guess some of the Americans travel agents booked less than ideal rooms, so there may be a legitimate beef there. Some are old and run down. The best restaurant was the asian. The tuna was excellent. The wood fired pizza is fabulous - try the shrimp pizza. The tacos were great too. The only restaurant that did not drive me wild was the Brazillian ( sword like skewers of beef, chicken , sausage, and pork) but only because I was as full as an egg that evening and only ambrosia could have tempted me. The beach is second only to Varadero Cuba and perhaps some in Australia. Bargain hard in the markets. Paintings start at $120.00US, but can be bought for $30.00. Ball caps start at $25.00, but can be bought for $5.00.Tips have miraculous effect on staff, so do it early. Bring lots of $1.00 notes, or be prepared to change to pesos, because bills are hard to break. Stay away from the time-share guys. The 20 minute promise turns into a 5 hr. session where you will be liberated with $20,000.00. We met a couple who bought in and were trying to figure out if it was worth it or not, but they were not having a good experience. The shows are largely audience participation based, but are fine. There are a few lyp-sycs that were fun. Don't expect the hair on your neck to stand up, just expect to to be mildly entertained while enjoying a drink with some other travellers on a warm evening sitting outside in your shorts. Sound good enough?Pools are spotless and large, but shallow. Great for kids, but we saw few. Grounds are lovely.Overall, one of the best vacations I have ever had.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>T0paz
<Content>Such a nice relaxing time       Pizza man!!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>TNY11101
<Content>It's just Alright. Nothing spectacular. The hotel is nice. The service is not the best but fine. The beaches are very nice and the food was good. If you are looking for something spectacular and memorable this is not the place to go. Punta Cana/ Bavaro is also not a place to experience the culture or sightsee but it is a place to relax and spend with friends/family. My friend and I both single males went and we asked for a room with two beds and instead we got a room with a King size bed and when asked to change rooms they opened the sofa bed for me. That was not right! Secondly they overbooked and they seem to have trouble accomodating everyone and were asking people to leave to a different hotel. They are not very organized and if you are looking for answers to your questions or help be prepared to wait. Make sure you ask many questions before paying for an excursions. Don't pay more than 65-70 dollars for parasailing. Honestly, the best part of the resort is the beach. If beach and sun and good food is your concern then go but if good service is what you are looking for please look elsewhere. The night shows are ok but could be better and the club Mangu that is next to the hotel is weird and can be unconfortable if you are not use to seeing older men picking up teenage girls.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>lovly1023
<Content>Beautiful Beaches! Awesome service!! Let me start by saying the beaches are absolutely gorgegous! It is a slightly topless beach, not bad though. The weather was awesome, rained only one night while we were sleeping. The ocean felt like 80 degrees! As for the rooms, there were okey. If you want an awesome room , then you'll have to upgrade to the Royal club which I highly recomend because they get many additional services. Just depends how much money you want to spent on the vacation. We requested a king size bed but got 2 doubles beds like many do. If this happens to you, simply tell the management and they will give you a different room. The pool was awesome, huge. Alfrado and santiago work as bartenders at the pool bar, they are AWESOME! Bring about 75 ones to tip a dollar here and there. Tippers get taken care of way better!Not too say that you wouldn't get taken care of anyhow. the food was really good. Breakfast buffet was my favorite! def make reservations to all the speciality restaurrants as soon as you check in or else you will not get in or you will have 930 reservations for dinner. The service here is excellent. you will be slightly pressured into going to the vip office to hear about vacation memberships. They offer you one free lobster to listen, if you don't have any intentions of buying it, tell them that you have already been to the office and they will stop asking, hehe. Overall, it was awesome! don't buy anything on the resort if you have a chance, walk to the end of the beach to the stores, cheaper. Don't pay what they ask for to the beach peddlers. If they say 500 pesos, you say 200! negotiate, they would rather get something then nothing for what they are selling (jewlery, paintings, ect) Don't buy any hats made of leaves, can't bring them home!! Have fun, I sure did!!! Drink lots, eat lots, and be merry!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Star726
<Content>Too many problems at Occidental Punta Cana Through our vacation club, my wife and I as well as other family members can use this resort. In the last two years, we, our brother, and our daughter made separate trips. All had problems: no hot water, no water, backed up toilets, unusable room. All these things happen. THe real problem is the staff is unhelpful, if not rude. The resort otherwise OK and the beach is beautiful. But until they can offer decent facilities and a helpful staff, we can't recommend this resort.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>MaylandAndrea
<Content>Good time Spent a week at the occidental. Beach is beautiful and staff was helpful. Had a few problems at check-in. Had booked through AAA an upgraded room. When we arrived, the room we were shown to was very nice but had one double bed. Said they would bring in a roll away, but we declined. The room we were then given was clean but certainly not an upgraded room.We did get a free spa treatment. Massage was good as one I get at Red door spa here in the states. The prices were reasonable at the spa.I'm not fond of buffets but they had every food you could think of and the coffee was hot and good. Make dinner reservations right away for the restaurants. You must do this at the concierge. I enjoyed the steak house the best, but all were good. If you want a seat by the pool, go out at 7 am and save a seat with a towel and book, they fill up fast. Plenty of seats on the beach.Only aggravation was the salesman after breakfast trying to get you to sign up through them for your next vacation. Just keep walking unless you want to give them an hour of your time.This was my first time at an all inclusive. Generally I like a little more active vacation--visiting sites, etc. But, this was a good vacation if you really need to relax and decompress with little fuss and muss.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	2	4	1	

<Author>MagnoliaK
<Content>Just What We Needed This hotel was not quite what I had in mind having stayed at Sol Melia Tropical Caribe many times. But, it turned out to offer us exactly what we needed. Our room was clean and we had a private balcony in the back.The bathroom could use some updating. If you are expecting a 4 or 5 star hotel--don't go. If you are looking for a place where you can get some rest, have excellent food, and a friendly staff, then this is the place. The food is presented beautifully and there is plenty of it. The staff is great. They were friendly and always trying to help. If they had a problem with the language they really tried to understandand if they couldn't they would find someone who could.  There are three beautiful pools and the beach is nice. ONE WARNING! Do not sign up for buggy/dune rides offered to you at the beach. We did and it was awful. Not much scenery,and the buggies are not in good condition. If you want to participate in this type of activity go through your tour representative for the ATV ride which is a 1/2 day excursion and we got to see a lot. That tour is well worth the money. Aside from the buggy ride we took not knowing any better, we would go back again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doc19
<Content>Great for the price Just got back from a very nice week at the Occidental. No it is not a 5 star, but neither is the price. This was an excellent value for what we paid.The best part: The beach is as great as people say. White cool sand with beautiful palm trees. It goes for miles so you can walk as far as you like.Food: typical buffet stuff. It is another country so don't expect American food as you know it. Overall it was good, not great. The homerun is a good place for lunch with burgers and ice cold cerveza. Robinson and Helio are great guys.Rooms: Not bad. Again, not 5 star but clean, comfortable, and roomy. We were in building 13, near the beach. Good maid service.Staff: The staff were very nice. Friendly and fun. Mixed English skills, some good some not so much. But they do understand most of what you want to get across. Atmosphere: This is a chill place. Hang by the beach, eat and drink. If you want nightlife, go to Cancun.All in all we had a very nice week here. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a relaxing vacation at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>SunLoverJan
<Content>Loved it!       Pool and bar.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>fisher75
<Content>Beauty only goes skin deep on the surface this resort and all its amenities looks like it could be compared to heaven. the open air lobby hits you with a perfect breeze. the lush gardens are well maintained and bring out the beauty of the resort. the beach is without a doubt as good as it gets. from comfy lounge chairs to shady palm trees and numerous beach activities for the action/adventurous type. although no wave runner rentals was a HUGE disappointment for me.accomodations: check in was smooth. we asked for a king sized bed during booking process and at check in, but what we received was two full sized beds pushed together and during the night the two beds would separate causing a canyon that was very uncomfortable we stayed seven days and complained each day with no results. on the 2nd day a very large storm moved inand when we came back from breakfast our room was flooded from a leaking roof. look was cleaned up in about 2 hours. interestingly enough when we reported the flood at the front desk I saw the lady write down our room number on a piece of paper with several other room numbers causing mrese to believe alot of rooms at this resort have this problem all the time. tv had plenty of stations spanish and english. gym on site is small but adequate. tennis and basketball courts were in good condition.FOOD: at breakfast buffet is your only food option and after a week was I was sick of it. Because the buffet is your only optionat breakfast it became very crowded with long lines for crepes and omelets. request for ot sauce and ketchup took forever if at all. at lunch their buffet at the beach is excellent with lots of cooked to order items. snack bar has great burgers ranking the 4 a al carte restaurants;1.mexican 2.italian3.asian4.brazilianmake your reservations early to avoid sellouts.taco shops and pizza parlor are very good alternatives to a a carte. no waiter service at the beach or pool.entertainment: there were no off site tours sponsored by occidental. and the travel agencies' tours were extremely overpriced. I would like to thank the hard work of the hotel staff that put together games at thebeach and pool. and these same employees put together a stage show nightly, they easily put in 12 hours per day. the shows were of corny variety but my wife enjoyed them and looked forward to them nightly. mostly audience participation. my favorite part of the trip besides the beach was taking a 10 minute walk to the plaza and goofing off with the locals. the plaza has good shopping for women and a sportsbetting parlor for men.OVERALL: this resort is gorgeous and has some positives, you'll have to be able to overlook the glitches to enjoy yourself, And the positives of OCCIDENTAL GRAND FLAMENCO PUNTA CANA.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>MTSI
<Content>Started out shakey but got better, not great, but better. We just go back from a 6 day stay in Punta Cana at the Grand Occidental. We booked our travel through Book-It.com and made upgraded reservations for two rooms and four people for the Grand Concierge Deluxe - All Inclusive room. We asked for a pool view and they said no problems.First of all, our flight to Puerto Rico was no problems but we ran into issues when we tried to leave Puerto Rico for Punta Cana and the flight crew told us we had to de-plane because one of my wife's bags had a nail polish remover/acrylic/acetone smell and they were not allowed to send it forward. We were first told that we could catch the next flight leaving 4 hours later if the smell dissapated and later we were told that particular flight was booked and we would have to wait overnight until the next day to make it to Punta Cana. Some of the American Airline crew there where helpful some were downright rude. Lesson to note, do not pack anything like nail polish remover/acetone/liquid acrylic because they are incredibly rough with your bags and you have a good chance of having it bust/break even if it was wrapped in a towel and sealed in a ziplop bag like ours. Eventually the let us reboard the plane and promised to ship our bag on the next flight if the smell dissapated. It was very difficult to find some American Airline representative that could speak english (I am about a 3-4 on level of 1-10 my Spanish and it was PAINFUL getting someone to help). Ramone @ 809-959-2420 was absolutely the best when he finally arrived and he made sure our bag made it to our hotel later that night.Rember to bring $10 dollars with you per person for a tourist visa that you will keep in your possesion all of about 5 minutes if the line is slow before they take it back from you. When we arrived at the Occidental after about a 1 1/2 ride with multiple stops, there was nobody to great you with a drink and welcome you to the hotel like we have seen with other hotels in the past. The check in process was slow and their check-in clerks speak very little english, especially if you are asking more than rudimentary questions in English. We asked if our upgraded rooms had a pool view and we were assured that they did. After we got our keys and walked to our rooms (the property is very spread out) in building 21 (rooms 101 and 107) we opened the doors to find a very dingy room that was subpar, had zero pool view, the room smelled like cat urine and the tub had yello dingy stains in it. The bed looked old and lumpy with a very drab bedspread - just not what we were promised and not what you expect from a Grand Concierge Deluxe room. I would have hated to see what the three levels below looked like. Our friends room was supposed to be exactly like ours but was smaller, older looking, no cat pee smell (a plus) but they had ants crawling underneath their sheets and all around the bed.My wife called and sort of freaked out on the hotel manager and he promised they were recently renovated rooms. Some new paint maybe but definitely not renovated. After multiple complaints by us and multiple promises of them to come in cinco minutos (5 minutes), an hour and a half later they capitulated and gave us new rooms. These rooms were in building 25 and labeled TranSat Premium Club and these were actually very nice rooms. They smelled like mildew but they were 300% better than the other rooms so we were happy about that but we burned the better part of the night trying to fix the room issue. Also, be aware that it is very humid (even in the rooms) so almost nothing will dry out very quicklyOverall the resort is very nice, the grounds are kept clean and the waitstaff is friendly. They should really have some more people that could at least understand English because I saw the French couples, German couple and American couples all trying to use English as an intermediate language and their staff just not have the skill set to cope with this. I found myself using more Spanish than they did English. This is not universally true but for the most part it was the norm.The beaches are beautiful and the water is gorgeous. The chairs on the beach are at a premium so get them early. The pool is nice but not outstanding - more setup for children in my opinion. They have a couple of bars including a swim up bar but they only serve generic island brands (basic rail liquor if you have bartended before or cheapo liquor for the rest). To get premium liquor, you have to be a member of the top of the line premium club. First all-inclusive resort I have seen set up like this and I did not like it.Shopping up the beach at some of the huts on the beach was aggressive and not really that great of a bargain after haggling and haggling the prices were not much different then the duty free shops in the airport. Not worth the effort for me unless you really like that sort of thing.I took the Saona Catamaran tour and really like the cruising part of it. Nice and relaxing with an upbeat crew. The drive to and from the tour was about 2 - 2 1/2 hours which made the whole excursion last from about 8:00am to 8:00 pm at night which was way too long for me. Did not really include any snorkeling either.Took the Catameran tour offered by the hotel and it was a joke. A lot of people crowded on a small Catameran with limited snorkeling. The crew was fun but the ride back was cold and wet since the sun was setting.BTW, do not buy any fruit, vegatables that you plan to take back with you. Do not even by the woven bamboo bowls or hats. They will be snatched up and thrown away immediately by the Punta Cana airport officials, no questions and none of the natives warn you about this.A couple of other notes. You have to try the Island drink called Mamajuana. It is a special blend of rum, honey and about 12 other medicinal herbs. Strong but sweet taste that reminded you of an island blend. US dollars are accepted almost everywhere and you can use your credit card but they will charge your 5.5% more for the luxury of doing so. Bring some $1s and tip the people you think deserve it.Overall I would give this a 2 1/2 if I could and a 3 at best but, since I have been on other all-inclusives, I am a little biased. I would not recommend this resort to my friends becuase I have to believe there are better and I have stayed at much better on Jamaica, Turks and Caicos, St. Croix and Hawaii. But still remember that you really need to know some Spanish to be able to get around and converse will some of the people you will interface with on a daily basis.Forgive the spelling and grammar errors, I just got back and have been awake for 24 hours straight but wanted to write this while it was fresh on my mind.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>loisNewBrunswick
<Content>Had a Great Time! Just returned yesterday from a week at the Occidental Grand. March 31-April 8. Booked with Air Transat, Premium Package. Everything promised was delivered. Renovated rooms, stocked mini fridge, including beer!! Rooms very nice; King Size bed, large bathroom, beautiful balcony overlooking pool area. Clean, no smell and did not see one bug all week. The hotel itself is beautiful the pools are always being cleaned, and the swim up bar is a great spot to hang out in the late afternoon after the beach. Say hi to Alfredo he's the best. Drinks are plentiful. Staff is amazing. The grounds are fabulous. The beach amazing, white sand, clear blue water and great temp. It was very windy while we were there but the breeze was welcoming as the temps soared 29-30 celsius. Food was plentiful lots to choose from restaurants, snack bars, pizza shop, and large buffet, typical DR food, but you could always find something. No complaints from us made lots of new friends and had a great time  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Ashley2008
<Content>A little less than ok The resort is very beautiful, the grounds are well kept and the beach is absolutley breath taking. The service at this resort however is not to die for. barely any of the workers speak english, so if you speak spanish I guess this is not a concern, but for me, ola and gracious sums up my vocabulary. We booked a tour and needed an alarm clock. I had to draw a picture of what I needed to the front desk, so he knew what I was talking about. Asking for directions or anythign else was a nightmare.We booked a junior suite, but it was overbooked and got put in a old standard room. Very disapointing as we paid alot of extra money for that room. We talked to 5 other couples who also booked a junior suite and were put in a standard room. We were the lucky couple who got to have the buidling that was under renovations. We had no hot water the entire trip and had random people walking in and out of our room with a key bringing in new pictures and lamps. This was scary as we kept many valuable things in our room and we had no safe. The key for our door continuly stopped working. There were many time I had to wait by the room and Jesse would run to the front desk to get somebody to fix it.....good luck trying to explain this to them...they can't speak english......this happened three days in a row and we waited 1/2 hour the first and second time and an hour the 3rd time....very frustrating.The first day we were there, we tried to book for the mexican restaurant and steak house but there was nothing available for the rest of the week we were there. It was all booked, so we had to eat at the buffet the entire time. Which was good food, but it would have been nice to try something else as well. They have a pizza and taco place open at night, which is EXTREMELY good food, this is where majority of our meals came from....very good!!!!The entertainment is ok, micheal jackson show was GREAT, the rest was just ok. If you have kids, they have a show everynight where your children can go on stage and play games with some clown, it looked like the kids were having a GREAT time. There is a disco bar called Mangu, which is very busy after 1:00 AM it was always full and appeared to be lots of fun....we only stuck our heads in and never actually stayed.Overall the occidental was a little less than ok. The grounds and beach were great. the service ok and the rooms not so great. We will not return to the occidental as the price to come here is way to high for the service and rooms that are given.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>Emery44
<Content>Expected more... My husband and I, along with another couple, went to this resort with open minds. Although the staff worked very hard at keeping the place clean, which they did quite well, there were a few things that really got on our nerves.The hotel is in cahoots with the timeshare people and they are everywhere on this resort!!! We had one guy who posted himself outside of our 'condo complex' every morning and never stopped bothering you. The A La Carte dining wasn't any better than the buffet, if anything maybe worse. Seating in the evening for visiting was very limited; there are very few tables for guests to sit around with each other and visit. Toilets, outside of our room, were constantly plugged and difficult to flush. However, there was a cleaning lady in the washroom all the time...probably to try and unclog the toilets.The pool is very well laid out and the beach was absolutely beautiful, you can walk for miles. Activities are limited in this country, though. We rented a car one day and drove around the countryside to get our own real experience. With 4 of us in there, we saved some money and travelled in comfort. Macao beach was beautiful with huge waves and practically deserted. Be forewarned though, if you are going to drive anywhere the roads are terrible and the drivers even worse (more so than Mexico). If you want a holiday with a great beach and just want to lay around then go to Punta Cana, but don't expect top of the line at this resort.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	1	

<Author>Mikesgurl
<Content>Our Best Trip Yet !!!       The Lobby  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>54321Paris
<Content>Extended Family Celebration at the Occidental       Golden Anniversary Cake  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>allout4fun
<Content>I'm not one to complain... ...because there is absolutely nothing to complain about at this resort. We were there from March 23 to 30 and were located in Building 23. We found this building location perfect as we were midway from the beach and the lobby.We were a group of 8, then 12, then 20... I'm not sure how big our group got, we were having so much fun and people kept getting added. As I do with every trip, I read every review, thread and anything else I could find on this resort. I've laughed at some of the complaints and dismissed some of the comments. I rarely comment on someone's complaint, but I have to for this one.... To the dude who watched the maid make the bed and not change the sheets? Please... do you change your sheets at home every morning? Ok, sorry, had to say that.... Back to the review.Check in was a bit chaotic. Probably because 60 of us got off the bus at the same time. Not sure that any other resort would have done better in the same situation. While in line to check in, one of the waitress' walked by. I asked her for two cervesas and within a few minutes, had them in my hand. Check in was a breeze after that.Restaurants: I can't comment on any of the a la cartes. We did buffet every night. Normally buffet is buffet, but not here. This resort has the best buffet of any place I've stayed. Every night was a different theme night. The made for you pasta sauce was to die for. TIp: As this buffet is so popular, try to get there before 7 PM as thare can be a bit of a line up after 7. Mind yo umost people waited no more then 15 minutes.Beach: The Punta Cana beach rivals any beach around. Yes there was a bit more seaweed than usual, but that's because the week before the East coast of the DR had some sort of freakish storm. The normally sheltered east coast was hit by mega waves that washed out a lot of the beach and stirred up and brought in a lot of seaweed. There was water right up to the palapas. But in true DR style, if you weren't there when it happened, you wouldn't have noticed. Everything cleaned up.Service: Second to none. Cheers to Alberto at the Buffet. Watered down booze: If it was watered down, I wouldn't want to get hit with the full strength stuff... WOW! Cleanliness: The grounds were immaculate. Our room was cleaned daily. Every day, we'd leave the maid a few dollars on the bed. One day, I left it on the night table by mistake, it was still there when I got back from the beach. The lobby and other buildings were spotless. All the washrooms were continuously cleaned. There's actually a maid posted just outside the beach bar washrooms. The cleanness I've ever seen. Entertainment: Two words: Julio Eglesias! (yes that's really his name) This guy from the entertainment staff was just amazing. If any of the management read this review, give this guy a raise!!! Funny, charming and gifted are three good words I would use to describe him.Tours: No tours this year. We did however bring our boogie boards from home. And are we ever glad we did. I don't know how many hours we spent playing in the waves in front of the resort. Then we discovered that if you walked 10 minutes to the Paradesus, the waves were much bigger and a whole lot more fun. We place our boogie boards in garment bags and checked them in as regular luggage. No extra charge. Check out: Dropped of the room/safe keys and towel cards... that's it. Dropped off our luggage with the bell boy and went to spend the rest of the day at the beach. Our flight only left at 9 PM.Overall impressions: Very well laid out resort!! The best yet. It's your vacation, run with it!! Last year we stayed at the Grand Sirenis in the Mayan Riviera and I said I wouldn't return there because I had 729 more places to try. The Occidental Grand Punta Cana has just knocked off 720 places that we need to try out. We WILL return to this resort!!ciao.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>bavarobeach
<Content>Clean and awesome service at Occidental Grand       Jr Suite  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>vaderbarb
<Content>If you don't want to RELAX don't go to this hotel !! I read some reviews here b4 we left and was a tad worried. Well I think some people on here are looking for vacations above what they can afford! This vac was great and the price was good..I got what I paid for. A relaxing tropical vac! If you don't want that go else where. This is my 2nd trip to DR so I knew the food wouldn't be spectacular but we would not starve..but we were going for the sun and beach not food. Yes they are poor so tip them and they will apprecate it. We tipped our housekeeper Cleo and she took extra care of us when we asked for stuff. She was awesome! we booked through TNT vacs (our first time using them) they were good and will use them again. We flew out of Logan airport no problems.Got to the DR with no prob breezed threw customs and got on the bus, The only con was the people who attack your luggage when you get off and want to carry it for you and a tip. If you firmly say no with your hand on your luggage they move on, Unless you want them to bring it for you but why when most of us now have luggage with wheels. Got on the TNT bus and our hotel was the first stop ( 15min tops) Check in was smooth we were the only fri TNT people so no line. We did have to wait for our room to be ready but that was fine we had a drink looked around a bit went back and got our key ( 1/2 hour tops). We were in building 25 316 it was marked as an Air Trans building. 3rd floor BIG room king bed and CLEAN. By the end of the vac the only bad thing was hiking up 3 flights of stairs but it was well worth it once there. Mini fidge had beer , water , soda, we asked for more beer and coffee tipped Cleo and received plenty. Our balconey view was of the back of the resort with a huge palm tree right there. Made it private so it was nice. Bath room was huge you could of had a party in there, the water pressue was not great but the shower head is removable and adjustable so we managed, Some times at peak shower times it ran hot and cold but after a day cooking in the sun cold was nice! As part of being in an Air trans building they must of thought we were part of that group because 2 nites we recived free warm beach towels for the next day and free snacks, only 2 days though they must of figured it out after that. You just walk down to the beach hut to exchange your towels in the am other wise, We had a pool right by our building which was nice to cool off b4 dinner. It is small and shallow. For some reason it has bubbles in it, small, not hot tub bubbles..go ahead get in it and look at your arms and suit your covered in small bubbles. Never found out why but kinda cool. Getting up early to reserve beach huts was annoying but thats not the resorts fault it the guests. Now that I think of it I have nothing bad to say about this resort, any of my complaints were about rude guests! No fault of the resort! One day people were coming to the beach pool and taking chairs to the beach so maybe they should order more chairs since they have over 800 rooms? We found chairs at any time of day not always the ideal spot but relax your on vac and watch the spot you want when they move you move to it simple as that. people who reserve pool AND beach spots pissed me off since it is unused 1/2 the day when someone wanted it. Not the resorts fault. All the staff was freindly. My husband made small talk in spanish with the greeter at the buffet each nite. She was lovely. We didn't bother with the other restaurants on site since from past trips it seemed pointless,you would just end up at the buffet after it looking for some thing anyway. Was the food great? NO but you wont starve, My husband like the tacos I did not, they are the size of a softball and not flavored all you taste is the meat not any taco flavor. The pizza was good but don't go hungry since you wait a awhile for it and its first come first serve, both taco and pizza you seat yourself outside and wait for them to come to you. It is very confusing since it looks like main restaurant seating but its not. Many people walked up to the windows to order and were turned away to take a seat, So don't go up to the window look for a table and sit. We didn't go to the main pool since it seemed to us like a drunk fest since the swim up bar is there. All you saw and heard was drunk people whootin and hallorin not my idea of relaxing. If I wanted that I would of gone to Cancun!! We didn't go on any extra trips so I can't tell you about any of that. I can tell you vendors came in on 2 nites while we were there ( Fri and Thurs) you have to barter with them and they are persistant. Not as aggressive as outside the resort but we got a neckless and a bracelet and KNOW we paid to much. But your on vac so splurge a bit. I won't shop ( some thing in which I love) becasue of that. The timeshare people do wait for you at the buffet, they got us 3 times but with a bit of small talk and a firm no thank you, they left us alone. Have your picture taken each nite with the differant performers dressed up and they walk around during the day too. Its a fun pic for when you get home. They cost $12 a pic if you buy more the price changes (cheaper). Also you may want to bring a cup with a lid for the beach they give you plastic cups which are 6oz you just run out when you just get comfy in your seat. Bring a cup have them fill it and settle in for a great relaxing time. The resort in more compact then others which helps since your not walking forever all over to get from one spot to another.You may contact me if you have questions. I had a great time, no problems, I have an awsome tan and I'm already thinking of planning next trip!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>travelbugAlberta
<Content>Fabulous...loved EVERY minute of it!!!! First of all, I have NO idea where the bad reviews are coming from. I'm really starting to think that some people purposely go to look for things that are wrong instead of relaxing and realizing that they could still be back in a cold clomate wearing mitts and boots...now there's something to complain about!I'll start with the check-in: We were with the Transat premium club and the check-in couldn't have been quicker and easier. We did have a separte check-in counter (to the left as you walk in the lobby).Room: Awesome!! We were in building 25, room 203. Great king size bed and a restocked mini fridge everday. The maids were excellent and kept the room in tip-top shape all the itme. Being in the premium club we had a couple of extra little perks - slippers, bathrobes, turn-down service at night...all things I enjoyed.Food: Very edible. I can't say I loved everything, but there was a HUGE variety and unless all you eat is american fast food then there should be something there for you.Staff: Very friendly and helpful. Yes, they speak Spanish...it is the Dominican...you are in their country now. Some people spoke better english than others and if they were having trouble understanding you then they would go and find someone else who could.A La Carte: We tried all of them except the Oriental. My favorite was the Italian followed by the Mexican and last, the Steak house. Again, if we didn't like something, we would just go to the buffet after...you can always frind something there.Beach: Amazing...!!Overall: An awesome vacation. My husband an I loved every minute of it. There were some small annoyances that we learned to quickly (and politely) deal with - such as the timeshare people and the aggressive vendors - but these things were not going to ruin a great vacation. It's actually a little sad that other people so readily do. Go with an open mind and enjoy yourself - you could be in the middle of a snowstorm instead of sitting on the beach.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Toronto_8
<Content>Fantastic! This was my third visit to the Occidental Grand, Punta Cana and it was fantastic! I travelled with my mother and we are both very fond of this hotel. We have always upgraded to the Royal Club and this is the reason we return yearly to Occidental Grand, Punta Cana. We have already decided to return for a forth time in 2009! The highlights are the staff, food, room location and the designated beach area. In addition, the cliental in this area of the hotel all want the same type of vacation; very quiet, lovely food and drinks, location of room, designated beach area and a tranquil pool. We return every year because the hotel offers everything we look for in a relaxing and peaceful holiday. My goal is always to read many books and enjoy the peace and quiet. The highlight for me is the staff as they are so responsive, pleasant and adhere to our needs. All the staff treats you with magnificent attention and delivers efficient service. The management most recently changed and Lenny was superb as she catered to our needs and made us feel very welcomed. Also, the other staff in the Royal Club reception always assisted both of us. In addition, the restaurant is fabulous as the waiters all deliver personalized service and the food is delicious. This year, one surprise was in the restaurant as they changed the wine (both red and white). It was dreadful so we did not drink wine all week! We really enjoy wine at all our meals and we were so disappointed they changed the wine. We were surprised as the previous two years the restaurant served premium wine and this year you had to pay an additional fee for a decent glass (or bottle) of nice wine. So we did not drink wine all week! However, this year we ate every meal at the Royal Club restaurant and every meal was incredible. It was interesting because most of the waiters have been there every year we have been at this hotel and we have got to know Francesco, Franklin and Juan very well鈥?we have enjoyed seeing them yearly! They treat both my mother and me very well! Every year there are additional changes at the hotel and we have seen many improvements. This year they added a bar at the beach and new beach lounges. These were wonderful additions; however, they added Premium to this area and it was very crowded compared to our previous two trips. This was the first year where the beach chairs were taken very early in the morning and this seemed to lose the 鈥淩oyal Club special designated beach area鈥? We are hoping that they either expand the designated beach area or return to Royal Club only. Overall, it is a lovely hotel and we have already planned to return next March 2009!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeseniakr
<Content>Great resort I just want to say that everyone at the resort was very helpful and nice. I went with a group of girls there and we were in the vacation club. Everything was great and we loved the all the music and the shows at night were amazing!! There were a few very kind and helpful employees that always made sure that we were having a good time and everything that we needed was taken care of epecially a gentleman name Nelson or (Cosito) he was very knowledgeable and kind.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>aerofan4ever
<Content>Nice first caribbean trip       View from patio to garden (Beach view!! we were told)  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>vacamama77
<Content>loved the Occidental Grand, Awesome!!!!!!!!!!! We stayed from March 9th- 16th. It was really supposed to be Sunday morning at 6:30 that our plane was to leave; but we were on that flight that was delayed until 11:30 p.m. that night. So, we lost one day of sunshine., because our plane wasn't available to leave halifax. That was our only problem. We loved everything about our vacation. My husband and I and our three children made the trip. We had perfect rooms . We were with premium club and I think all the rooms are excellent with premium club. we were in building 24, rooms 306 and 307. it was so nice waking up to sunshine and palm trees. it was like a dream, the whole week. our maid was so kind. one day, i accidentally left money from my wallet on the bed. When I realized this, i was worried that the maid might think that was her tip; but she was honest and left it there. My daughter left her purse under a palapa near the pool one day. We didn't realize it until the next morning. she had left her ipod, and nintendo DS in it, and a small amount of cash. We couldn;'t believe that everything was there went we went back in the morning. The staff and everyone were so kind and honest and were there to make our stay enjoyable. we alternated between the beach and the pool. we never had trouble getting chairs at either. The food was great. It doesn't taste like the food back home; but we knew that before leaving and adjusted our taste buds a bit for the week. I was worried about our nine year old as he is a picky eater; but he loves pancakes and they did a great job of those at the buffets. He was able to find fruit and other foods he liked each day too, and we could always go to the homerun bar for fries, if not.Our whole family did the parasailing and were able to get a good rate from julio on the beach. our girls are volleyball players and they were able to get a game in almost every day. the rest of the time we relaxed , swam , and relaxed some more.we ordered the brick oven pizza a couple of nights and it was soooooo good. we watched some of the entertainment at night and that was very well done too. It was funny when they'd get people from the audience into the shows. Nova Scotia and Newfoundland seemed to get the most cheers. haha loved every minute of it. can't wait to go back next year.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kathlene07
<Content>Will Definitely Go Again The last week of February my roomate and I went to the Occidental in Punta Cana for a 1 week vacation. We are both 22, incase people think age matters with these reviews. We stayed in a Jr.Suite because when we booked our trip the normal rooms and the jr. rooms where the same price. I would definitely get a jr. suite if I went again. I loved almost everything about the resort. The only complaint I have is the check in system, which other reviewers have also complained about. However, since the only problem was that it took a little while to check into the room, I really dont see it as an issue that would keep be from going back. The beach and pool and whole resort area was so clean and well kept. We walked for a good hour or 2 in both directions along the beach (walk onto the other resorts beaches) and we by far had one of the nicest locations. Food was great. I'm allergic to just about everything and I even found great food to eat! We ate at the Brazillian, Italian and mexican resturants and really enjoyed it all.Oo and just like another reviewer had said. DO go to you're orrientation. I found it was quite helpful!CANT WAIT TO GO BACK!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>Christy_Cookie81
<Content>Overall great... but a little noisy My husband and I stayed a the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana from March 15th to March 22nd. This was our first trip to Punta Cana. We booked with Transat Vacations and this is very important because we had what is called the Premium Club with few extras.Here is what the Premium Club includes which is not included in the standard package.-seperate check-in and check-out counter (really worth it for the checking in part)-5 guaranteed reservations to the A la Carte restaurants (if confirmed with 24 hours of arrival)-A nicer room (CLUB PREMIUM BUILDINGS)-Turn down services, which means there are new beach towels put in your room each night along with a little snack. - Concierge service for your additional needs- Contiental breakfast only for club premium members in the Home Run snack bar each morning. (no buffet line-ups)-Reserved beach area for Club Premium members (see below comments about that)Flight: Our flight was with Transat and had no complaints.Transfer to the hotel: We landed, claimed baggages and within 15 minutes, we were on the bus for the hotel, however, that bus did not leave for at least 40 minutes after we got on and if you consider its a 20-30 minute drive to the hotel, it become long morning. We landed at 13:45 and got to the hotel at 15:30. Checking-In: We were checked-in within 5 minutes of our arrival. However, to get the lock for the safe in our room, we needed to go the front desk counter and that took another 10-15 minutes.Our Room: We had a pool view and were only the second building from the beach which was great. Our room was cleaned daily and overal well kept. We were in room number 24330. Having concierge service is great, however, they do more time share promoting more than anything, which really got on my nerves towards the end of our vacation. Resort: The hotel is very big and do expect to do a lot of walking. The grounds are very well kept and clean at all times. Staff: The hotel staff was very friendly but don't all speak English. As for the staff who try to sell you activities, just be staight forward with them and they will leave you alone. The time share representative are really bad, they will try to catch you when you are around the pool, walking on the beach, gowing to your room. They are everywhere, don't even stop when they approach you just say you already go the hotel information. This is one of the thing I really didn't like in Punta Cana, this does not exist in Cuba.The beach: The water was amazing, there were some pretty strong waves one of the days, they ended up restricting the beach area but we still managed to have fun. My only complaint about the beach is that it is much noisier than Cuba, helicopters every 20 minutes, speed boats every few minutes (which leave a terrible diesel smell), Police 4 x 4 always patrolling the beach (again the smell of diesel). If all you want to hear are the waives, Punta Cana is not for you.The food: I am a very picky eater and did not eat any of the meat while on vacation, however, there was always fresh chicken and fish they grilled just for you, be sure to ask for the chicken well done. Pasta was also freshly made in the buffet. There was no lack of fruits, vegetables, sea food salads, bread and desserts. We only tried the Italian restaurant from the A la Carte choices and that was really good. Breakfast was my favorite meal, they have a lot of choices at the buffet and with Premium Club you can also try the continental breakfast at Home Run snack bar. Lunch, they have good choices at the beach buffet but the main buffet offers a little more variety. Overall, even if you are a picky eater, you will find something to eat, there are a lot of choices. Departure date: We left the hotel at 11:15 am, when our flight was only leaving at 14:45, our bus was not stopping at any other resort, therefore, we were at the airport at 11:45 which is quite a while before our flight leave. We considered taking a taxi a little later but it's very expensive and not worth it since you really need to be at the airport two hours before. Our flight ended up leaving at 14:10 since everybody was already there.Overall, this was a great vacatiion, I would probably not go back to this resort since I like to try different place and if I were to go back to Punta Cana, I would go with friends and not just me and my husband. Most of the people in the hotel were groups of friends and family.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>OnyxDragun
<Content>Great Time - Great Weather - Awsome Beach We recently just came back from staying at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana and we had a GREAT time. After reading all the reviews up until a couple days before our departure I was a bit worried but I thought to myself that I would ignore what people said (the good and the bad) and just go and have fun. We did just that, we had a great time and we didn't want to come back.The drive from the airport is 30 minutes, and check-in took about 10-15 minutes. The other couple that we went with had issues with their reservation even though i showed the front desk people the resort vouchers from Air Canada Vacations. They eventually got their room set up properly. At that time we also paid $25 for the lock to the safe (which I recommend) but when we checked out I noticed that a guest only paid $20 for his. I was a bit upset to see that.The staff are helpful if you get past the language barrier. They seemed pleasant for the most part anyway.The food isn't something to write home about. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't spectacular either and this goes for both the Buffets and al la Carte. The drinks are loaded with booze which is a good thing right ;) After all its an all-inclusive.The buildings are in good shape some are being renovated and they are all air conditioned. I would recommend trying to get a room that faces the middle of the resort as ours was facing the back of the resort behind us.Water, pop and beer was restocked in our mini-fridge daily, as well new fresh towels etc. Don't drink the water, though it didn't kill one of the people were were traveling with when they accidentally did. But our trip adviser and staff tell you not to drink it.The beaches are amazing. You go to the Dominican if you want to play on the white sandy beaches and turquoise waters. There is a crew that work the Resorts in the morning (6am) to clean away the seaweed that gets washed ashore during the evening. So you wake up to clean beaches every day. The high-winds we had during our stay created some nice waves to body surf on. 2 days we were asked to leave the water by the Dominican Republic Civil Defense (guys in army fatigues) due to 'public safety'.There weren't many beach vendors walking the beach and if there was the resort security would speak with them and ask them to leave. There are fleamarkets up and down the beach every so often.The resort also has those Timeshare sharks which were annoying. But a firm No etc would send them on to another group of people. They also only hang out primarily in the lobby.We were advised not to go on any of the resort excursions, but to book through your travel advisory at the resort. (like Air Canada Vacations, Transat Holidays etc) as the ones on the beach have had nothing but bad complaints for quality and value.There is also the Royal Club for people who want to be a bit more pampered. it costs more (not sure how much) but you get your own private restaurant, private section of beach with a private bar etc. We thought those were the snobby people though ;)Other than that it was a great vacation and the first time I've been somewhere tropical. If you want to see some photos from my trip you can see them at www.tyleringram.com  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Trippy18
<Content>Marvelous, Loved it, Loved it, Loved it My husband and I (Newark, DE) stayed at the Occidental in the Royal Club section the week of March 15-March 22. We met so many nice people from all over the world. They became our family for the week. In fact, we have contacted a couple of people already since we've been home.The hotel was wonderful. We had no complaints. The beach and water were gorgeous. We had a windy spell for about 3 days while we were there. We could not go on the beach as there were huge waves and the water came up to the beach bar. So, we just stayed around our private pool.The staff were superb. Let me mention some particulars. We stayed in the Royal Club in Building 19 and had a wonderful room. The maids kept our room clean and tidy the whole week. We never had any problems and we tipped them well. The only minor thing is we never got any coffee creamer in our room after asking for it. Maybe I just wasn't asking for the right thing. Lenny from the RC Lobby was very accommodating and helpful. No problem checking in or checking out.The waiters and waitresses in the Royal Club Restaurant were excellent. Let me mention a few; Roberto, Leandro, Petronila and Juan. They were the best. They made you feel welcome and always were on the ball. We never had a problem getting a drink.Overall experience, Wonderful. I would go back in a minute.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ktravelerSt_Cloud_Mn
<Content>piece of crap hotel Food was awful, often edible due to the way it was (or was not) cooked. At Las Reses we left in the middle of dinner. Service at all restaurants was slow and poor. We even had to get up from a table to go to a bar and get drinks ourselves because we were told they were out of coke and ice tea (both available at the bar just downstairs from the restaurant). Cold water dipped from the ceiling onto us as we showered. House keeping was in and out of our room 3-4 times a day, One afternoon we came back from the beach to find our suitcases moved, our mattress up against the wall, and a man sitting in the middle of the floor putting together a bed frame. We were never told this would be happening or that the other construction would take place in our room. Coming back another day, our door was wide open with no one inside. Sheetrock and plaster lay on the floor by the sliding glass door. A couple minutes later, three men came in and said they just put up trim boards and asked if they should clean up the mess. About an hour later a maid came. Add to that a phone that didn鈥檛 ring (luckily we were awake before our wakeup call) and watching from the patio as a maid fixed the blankets on the bed without changing the sheets (how many times without us watching did that happen?).  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Ang809
<Content>We loved the Occidental Punta Cana        Our room 23-207  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>rfran99
<Content>It wasnt bad it wasnt amazing..       saona islandd  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>fisheries
<Content>couldnt be happier       Catchin some shade  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KMK83
<Content>Loved DR... a few problems My boyfriend and I (24 and 25) stayed here 7 nights- March 14 to March 21. We are pretty easy going on vacation and don't let much bother us. We had a 5 star time, however for the sake of the review, I will point out the flaws. We have stayed at the Riu in Negril Jamaica and the Iberostar del Mar in Mexico- Mayan Riviera. Here is my very long review:Flight: We booked through a travel agent and Apple Vacations. We had a charter flight on USA 3000. Flights were on time, got the exit row both times which is great. Customs were a breeze.Check in: Heard a lot of horror stories. We arrived and had our room and restaurant reservations within 5 minutes. I think some of these problems come from big groups coming in from Canada (?). We saw several buses and very long lines at check-in some days, but did not experience it. If you want a safe key, get it immediately- it costs 25 bucks, which is pretty lame- I think this should be free.Rooms: Beware if you are given a regular key for your room. I think these are the non-renovated ones. We were initially put in Building 11 and spent two nights there. The furniture in the room is very old, and looks like it was bought at a second hand store years ago. The king bed is two double beds pushed together that sag in the middle. The drapes and comforters are old and don't match. The toilet made a constant noise and the bathtub was rusty in places. We weren't going to say anything about the room because we don't spend much time in it and are not that fussy. But we decided a nicer room would make our stay more enjoyable, so the bf talked to Tony, our Apple Rep. He took care of everything (can't speak highly enough of our rep- he was great!) and had us moved to Building 25- a renovated room that actually had a pool view- and a bit of an ocean view too! This room was newly furnished and huge! The king bed was very comfortable and everything was clean. We got robes and slippers too. However, there was some minor water damage and the ceiling did leak a bit one day. Although the furnishings were new, you can tell the room is not.Maid Service: Great! Cleaned very well everyday. Tipped 2 bucks or so each day and left some candies b/c of Easter. Every day we were restocked with beer, coke, diet coke, 7 up and huge bottles of water (2 of each). We always got new towels. No towel art. We don't care about that, but I guess some people do.Drinks: The rum was ok. It definitely got the job done and the bartenders were very friendly. They made great mixed drinks as strong as you would like. At other resorts you had to work to get a buzz- that was not the case here! The pool bar did get busy and was sometimes slow, but nothing too bad. The beach bar guy loved to give shots of mama juana (don't drink too much of it, I think it made me sick). The lobby bar only gave real glasses some of the time. Most of the time plastic cups. Also, we couldn't get mojitos, which was slightly disappointing. There was only table service in the lobby area if you were part of one of the special clubs.Lobby: Lobby was nice, plenty of seats. The plumbing at the lobby was a bit iffy. My boyfriend didn't notice in the men's room. I think this is because the women throw lots of paper down the toilets and you are not supposed to throw paper in the toilet. There are trashcans in each stall. I know the plumbing in DR is very poor- I do not know how/if other resorts rectify this problem. Food: The buffet was pretty decent. You do get tired of the same stuff, but we could always find something. A theme night would have helped I think. We went to a few specialty restaurants- the Brazilian Steak House is awful. We were disappointed b/c we loved the one at Iberostar. The Oriental restaurant was pretty good- we were surprised- get the California rolls. And the Mexican was very good- our favorite. I was also impressed at how much of a selection there was at the beach buffet (we ate there a lot for lunch instead of going to the main buffet). There is also a snack bar above the pool called Home Rum. It had burgers, chicken burgers, hot dogs and chips. The chicken burgers were good, I probably ate one every day. The wine was the worst thing I have ever tasted- and I drink Yellowtail at home. But we didn't care, we just drank beer or rum and cokes instead.Beach: Beautiful!!!! Wide, white sands with flecks of pink, you can walk for miles in either direction. The hotel is at a great location on the beach too. If you walk to your right you hit beach huts with souvenirs etc. and Capitan Cook restaurant. We didn't eat there but read about it in tour books. You can eat outside and pick out your own seafood. The water was fairly calm the first few days and refreshing. Gorgeous colors of blue and green. Every day was an excellent beach day (except- we left at 9am on 3/21 and it was raining). Toward the end of our trip, although it was sunny, it became more windy and the water was crazy. There was a storm somewhere and the water came up incredibly high on the beach. We walked down a ways and some of the resorts barely had any beach left. The occidental is probably fine by now. It was sort of neat seeing the storm, the waves were huge- we heard a group of kids saying that their friend dislocated his shoulder b/c of the waves (at this point, you were NOT supposed to swim- the staff blew whistles at you). The beach vendors didn't bother us at all. We didn't find them pushy.Pool: Pool was great- very large, winding and looked clean. It was never deep, so you could sort of just walk or float around with your drink. We usually came to the pool later in the day and just threw our towels on one chair (or on the ground). It was hard to find chairs together by the pool. There are two smaller pools at the resort also. Entertainment: We didn't go to any of the shows so cannot comment there. But we saw part of the Michael Jackson show after dinner. It sounds cheesy but was very good and entertaining. The dancers were very talented.Staff: We thought the staff was very friendly. The time-share people didn't target us- I guess we look young and poor! We did hear from another couple we met from Canada that they called their room. The staff looked like they were having tons of fun and loved to dance and laugh. They work 15 days or more in a row and then go home to see their families, b/c most of them live so far from Punta Cana they can't go home every night. Excursions/outside resort: We went to Steve's Bar outside the resort. If you just walk straight out of the resort it is directly ahead of you. The shop keepers in the area can be a bit aggressive but its nothing too severe. We also went on the Outback Safari which was a lot of fun, the tons of rum they gave us probably added to that. It was a good way to see the countryside and our guide was great, but it is sort of set up to sell you stuff. I would still recommend it though. We also did horseback riding with Pandora Ranch on the beach. I was a little concerned about the condition of the horses but am not sure exactly what a healthy horse should look like. The beach there was beautiful, it was fun but parts of it were very dangerous (I thought). If you want more on this, message me.Disco: On our first night, we walked in at about 1am but were very tired and it was very crowded so we left. The people there looked like they were having a blast though. On the last night we were there we tried to go at about midnight and there was a crazy long line. A lot of Dominicans come to the club, and more locals were there that night (and at the resort) b/c of Semana Santa. Atmosphere: There was a good mix of people. I think because we went during Spring Break the crowd was a bit younger and definitely in party mode. Santa Semana = party too. We enjoyed this, especially because the relaxation was there if you wanted it too. However, I don't know that I would recommend this resort to someone looking for a secluded romantic getaway or a honeymoon. (The resort has over 800 rooms too). If you are looking for 5 star service or are picky about certain things (want great dining, brand new facilities) this is not the resort for you either. One more thing: the resort is very segregated and this didn't sit well with us. There are what we called the commoners, then Premium Club and Royal Club. I didn't think the guests were rude or anything like that at all and don't blame anyone for booking these- we just found it sort of strange that everyone was given different treatment (separate restaurants, areas of beach etc)I would recommend this resort to some of my friends, but not others. We had a GREAT time and got a great deal!Anything else you want to know, just ask!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>island_oiler83
<Content>4th time to Dominican...DR is my second home Wow :D       Poolside @ night  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>romance40
<Content>Good, solid relaxing time We are in our 40's and went to Punta Cana primarily for the sun and sea. We also wanted some comfort having done the hostel type of vacation for many years when our kids were young. We got what we were looking for, a comfortable room with a clean bathroom, a great beach and warm waters. We arrived at the hotel at 3pm and were checked in immediately and were told of the $25 fee for the safety deposit box in the room. This is a common practice throughout the DR and Cuba so it came as no surprise. We received our key cards, towel chits and barcelets then were escorted to building 12 -207. It seemed a far walk to start off with but after travelling 5 hours, a delay of 2 hours and then a bus ride of 45 mins time and distance were hard to judge. We later timed ourselves and it was less than 3 minutes. Not much at all. However, the place is big and once you had walked from your building to the beach and then down to where the towel hut was and then to the main lobby where the large buffet was, you had probably been walking around for a good 10 minutes or more. We had purchased a deluxe package with concierge service, meaning a king size bed suite, a balcony or patio with garden view, turn-down service, robes to wear, 2 free 30 min massages, 10% discount at the spa, a fruit plate and a bottle of champagne. There was no fruit plate or welcome bottle nor robes etc. As we were tired we decided to find out why the next morning. We went straight to the Air Canada rep, Catherine, who checked our reservation and sent us to see Laura at the concierge desk. Laura was fantastic and everything was settled within 20 minutes. we even got free internet access daily. THe massages on the beach were extremely relaxing, The only thing strange was the bottle of champagne turned out to be a bottle of vodka. With regards to the size of the resort and the friendliness of the staff, we found the place too big to get really friendly with any of them. By the end of the week they recognized our faces but not our names. Of course, unless you were one of the booze-hounds, one of the flirty girls or one of the major loud-mouths, then they knew those names and were polite in English to them, but what they said about them in their own language was a different story but I was in complete agreement. The only really down side was the repeated yelling, swearing and running through the buildings every morning by the overly drunk american college students returning from the Mangu disco at 4am. The fights between security and/or the boy/girl stuff was extremely annoying.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	2	5	

<Author>hershey968
<Content>Great vacation Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights this past week and thought it was a nice hotel. I was very worried after hearing all of the negative feedback but it turned out okay. The rooms were nice, we were in bldg 13 which I would recommend it was close to the beach and pool. The only complaint in our room was the water pressure in the shower. It was terrible and the bathroom could of been updated. The food was good at the buffet lots of nice choices, some better than others. I thought the breakkfast was always good. Loved the crepe chef at night!! The italian rest. was good too. Nothing terrific but not bad. The pizza was very good which was only at night and I didnt like the food near the pool. Overall the people were friendly, rooms nice and the location good.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>freetobe1976
<Content>Will NOT travel back to DR again I read all of the reviews before going and was a little nervous, but tried to go with an open mind.We stayed from march 17-22 in the Royal club building 19.I will start with the check-in...My girlfriend and I arrived at 1:00pm and were let off in front of the resort. We were told to leave our luggage there and go to the desk. There are only two desks in the lobby (the main desk to the right and the premium desk on your left). As I stood in the middle of the lobby looking confused a man approached us to say he was with coco tours and to follow him for check in. I told him we were with royal club and asked if there was a different desk to check in, he told me no, go to the main lobby desk. When we got to the front they couldn't find our reservations so proceeded to make up a packet for us and asked me to sign a paper. As I was reading the paper they tried to put a blue braclet on our arms (from reading past reviews, I knew that royal club was red). I stopped the guy and said that's not royal club. He looked and said oh royal club, why you no say that (I thought it pointless to tell him that I did mention it) He pointed to the premium club desk and said over there and walked away from us. Premium desk was very helpful and got us a ride to the back of the resort with our bags to the royal club check-in. From that point on check in went smoothly. We were able to leave our bags there and go have lunch untill our room was ready (about a 1/2 hr wait).The room...building 19 first floor. King size bed, new furnishing, towels restocked twice a day. fridge stocked daily with water, beer, soda. Only had a problem getting bottled water one day usually they left 6 bottles in the room (you need it to brush your teeth as well as to drink) we were only given 2 bottles and when my gf asked for more she mistakingly gave the woman a tip first (we didn't see her again and HUGE surprise didn't get the water).The water that came out of the faucets always smelled of raw sewage, but the pressure was always ok and we always had hot water. The toilet flushed fine, you just had to hold the handle for a few seconds to get it started. The bathroom was stocked with everything shampoo etc. although I only used what I had brought from home. We did have a pretty big (2 inch) roach in our tub....but I wasn't shocked as it's the islands and past reviews have mentioned them. No problems with ants, but did get bit by the invisible bugs quite a few times (they leave nasty little red welts).The food, I've had better. lets keep it at that. Royal club restaraunt was good but there's not much of a variety after a few days of eating there. We never tried any of the a la carte places just the buffet which had good breakfast. dinner although you could always find something, left alot to be desired. The staff...most were very nice, some were rude, but I think you'd find that anywhere you go. We always tipped except for one night in the royal club where I felt the staff was particularly rude (possible because we didn't dress up, though it wasn't stated anywhere that you had to). Dessert at royal club was awesome always! The beach and pool (royal club) is cut throat. You HAVE to set your alarm clock for 6:30am and put your towels and a book or something on a chair by the pool if you want to spend the day there (just be considerate of other people, some people would reserve a chair with there stuff and only stay for an hr or so but tie up the chair all day....very rude). The beach was pretty much the same but you cant put a towel out untill 6:45. (I definatley recommend if you plan on spending time at the beach, set your alarm, throw on a bathrobe and put some stuff out, otherwise you will not get a good lounge chair and defianely not the canope bed as those go real fast). The beach was nice but very rough and windy because of storms. (obviously not the hotels fault).The only other advise that I have is when you leave and go back to the airport get your bags out of the van yourself (its only about a 20ft walk to check in) three guys opened the van and grabbed our bags before we even got out. when I tried to get it back from him, he hid it behind his back and yelled NO at me. I was so frustrated I just followed him to the check in desk, he then demanded 2 dollars for each (3) of them for carrying the bags the 20 feet. I didn't know this because I was checking us in but my gf told me later. I found the people for the most part outside of the hotel to be very rude, airport staff was terrible. The island is filthy (trash everywhere you look), and extremely poor.I will never go back to DR even if it was offered free.On the way home we spent one night in San Juan Puerto Rico and are planning next years vacation there. The people everywhere (airport, hotel, taxi, natives, and travelers) were all really friendly. much cleaner, and there's so much more to do there.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Ddroja
<Content>Just ok My wife and I went to this resort in February for 1 week. Positive: It was very beautiful and had a great pool and a gorgeous beach with white sand. The palms were huge and towered high overhead making the scenery like a paradise. The rooms are also very big and nice (renovated). We had a second floor room with a cathedral type wood beam ceiling. It was very nice. Negative:The food was not very good at this resort. We are used to the good food at the Melia Resorts. The ocean was a bit cloudy and had debris in it, but it was warm and we still had fun. Andre, the Transat Rep. was always under the alcohol effects.The Casino is a joke. The landscape was very nice with lots of colorful flowers and plants. I would highly recommend this resort if you aren't real picky about the food. It was just OK. The special restaurants were also just ok. The service was average, but the employees work long hours for just a few dollars, so if you can tip them, do it.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Noodl3
<Content>Loved it more than the first time..       bed when we go tthere  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>JerseysHere
<Content>If you are expecting 5.0 star this is not for you I traveled from March 12-March 18. I didn't put my expectations to high cause I knew I wouldn't be exceptional. While in line, I saw several people waiting for their room but I didn't have a long wait. My room was decent but their was a slight stench of a moldy smell. I don't think it was urine because the bathroom didn't smell like that. I could have been the old linen. Anywho, the bathroom is a bit rusty but i didn't mind. I was clean nonetheless. After unpacking I made a phone call in the hotel lobby that cost 41.00 for 3 minutes. Total rip off! I had a phone card but the phone doesn't except them and my celly wasn't working. So I had to choke that up. I food was great at the BUFFET suprisingly. Everthing was fresh. You have to be one that is open to trying new things but there is french fries and pizza for the lames. I don't drink so I can't comment on the liquor but every one that was drunk seemed to be having a good time.The pool was nice. The beach was nice. Weather was beautiful. The hotel front desk isn't very complimentary after they take your money. There will also be sales people on the property trying to upgrade you to a Royal Club membership. They will harass you but just ignore them. They'll get the picture. The night shows were nice. There is a local night club that gets hella crowded but it was OK. The beach party is ok as well. I wouldn't recommend booking this trip for more than 4 days. that was my mistake but all in all it was ok. The best part of it all was the food and the nice weather. Great for youngings like me that don't care too much about ambiance. But i wouldn't recommend this for couples or honey mooners looking for excellent customer service. I would return but not anytime soon.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	1	2	3	

<Author>tonymertz
<Content>Left feeling very deceived!!!!!!!       New room 24-217  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>Emma10
<Content>We Loved it Here! I don't know what all the whining's about! My husband, son and I stayed at this hotel from March 8-15 and had a wonderful vacation. We found the hotel staff extremely friendly and willing to do anything they could for us. Yes, you do need to brush up on your spanish, but hey, it was fun learning! We were Premium Club members (Air Transat) so we did get a few little extras which was nice. Our room was on the main floor of Building #24 and it was kept extremely clean for us. My husband purchased all kinds of little treats for the staff before we left for our vacation which I'm sure they appreciated! Our fridge was always stocked and was even stocked with beer one day! We also found the food to be great (and I'm a fusspot when it comes to food). We visited all the a la carte restaurants and found the buffet to be wonderful. We spent our days on the beach, however the pool looked just as inviting to me. It couldn't have been cleaner (as the owner of a pool at home, I like a clean pool!) We'd go back in a heartbeat. I think you have to go on a vacation with an open mind....you can't always expect the Hilton, especially in a country like the D.R. They obviously do their best, and their best was just fine for my family!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>28JAKE
<Content>Never again! Trust the reviews!!! Just returned from a one week vacation at the Occidental Grand Flamenco with my fiancee. Wish we knew of tripadvisor before we booked - never would have gone - trust the reviews. We have been to Punta Cana several times before and have traveled to many other places, including the Bahamas, Jamaica and Aruba - we know what to expect. If you gave us a free vacation, including air fare and $500 spending money, to return to the Occidental, we would turn it down without hesitation. Now the review:Check in: - No organization, just chaos. After a 40 minute wait just to speak with someone at the desk, our room was not ready. No big deal, it was 2:45PM - return at three. We did get our wrist bracelets and headed for the bar. 3PM - not ready! 3:30PM - not ready! 4PM - not ready! 4:15PM - not ready! 4:30PM was assigned room 323 in building 26 - as we were told - that is a nice room with an ocean view. We headed to the room - and walked and walked and walked. Finally we reached building 26. The view was of a walkway and a children鈥檚 playground - no ocean. Looked for the safe deposit box. Found one in the closet and saw the lock missing. Was never informed at the desk that you have to pay $25 for the lock. Went back to the desk to change to a building closer to the main area. Assigned building 11 room 223. The only positive about this building was that it was closer to the main area. This room has seen better days many, many years ago. The room had two full size beds pushed together. Broken bulb and broken glass on shelf in closet. Knobs missing from closet door. Sliding glass doors to balcony had broken locks and could not be secured - had to jam a table between them for security. No towels in the bathroom - finally received two bath towels - no hand towels or face cloths. No water pressure and many times no water at all. Toilet would not properly flush - took up to five times just to get it to work properly. Noticed all of the toilets were like this in the public areas - it was disgusting. Linen was never changed.Pool was nice and appeared clean. Lounge chairs were a hassle. Want a pool towel? Don't bother to look for a towel hut by the pool. Get ready to walk and walk and walk - all the way to the beach - a good 15 minute walk round trip. You want to have a pool towel already in your room there is a catch - I will tell you later on what the catch is - no it's not tipping. Food - Buffet was ok - not great by any means. Food at many times was cold. Restaurants - 4 or 5 of them where you need to book reservations - 6:30 sitting or 9:30PM. Don't waste your time - tried the steak restaurant - small salad buffet. Main course - waiter comes with a skewer with sausage on it - not tasty. Next skewer - dried chicken. Third and last skewer - steak??? Another waiter dropped a small saucer with one small carrot, one small piece of broccoli, and literally a 1/4 cup of rice - that plate was for two. Italian restaurant - stayed 10 minutes - went to the buffet. Premium liquor - in the evening they set up a stand in the lobby where you can purchase premium liquor drinks. Paid $7.00 for an Amaretto and OJ. Gave me a glass with the Amaretto - where's the OJ ?- You have to walk to the bar to get it鈥?That is a class act. I'm a born and bred New Yorker - don't expect a lot, but not this kind of service.Service - 90% of the staff are not friendly. There is no reaction, no greetings. As I have said in the beginning, I travel, and this is the worst employee interaction I ever experienced. It seemed to my fiancee and I that many of the wait staff despised the guests they were serving. I am a very friendly and outgoing guy. Went to my bank before my vacation to get a lot of small bills of tens, fives, and ones for extra tips. Came back with almost all of it. Beach was nice - just don't go in the restricted area that is reserved for special guests. Went to the beach bar - ordered two drinks - the female bartenders started to laugh. Wrong color wrist bracelet - that was the special guests bar. Where's the bar for the common folk? - Pointed to the other end of the beach. Walked and walked. Told my girl to pull up stakes and move down to the far end of the beach - by the common folks bar.Pool towels - want one in your room. Here's the catch - On Monday when I was looking for the towels I asked an employee that was wearing a white shirt with a name tag. He was very nice and said he would walk us to where the towels were. On the way he talked on how we could have booked this vacation without the travel agent, get better rooms with the towels already in them, and save a ton of money by booking direct with Occidental. He would give me the information the next day. Being from NY I do not trust anyone and figured out that it will probably be a time share type deal. The next day he saw us coming from breakfast - I asked him what the real deal was - He stated he was a chance for a vacation club and pleaded with us just to go upstairs so he could get his points. For the humor factor I went upstairs. Wanted to take a picture of us to put on a bottle of liquor free. No thank you. Please fill out this questionnaire. No. Introduced to a salesman - Straight out I asked what are you selling and what it costs. Vacation club that includes an annual maintenance fee. Would not tell me the cost because I refused to sit and listen to the pitch. Left after 5 minutes. How funny is it that the friendliest people were the ones trying to sell you a piece of the Occidental. Now I see that that they make it difficult for the common folk so you can upgrade, for a big price, to better accommodations and service. Service and accommodations that should be expected from the start for all of the people - not just the special guests. Will never return to the Occidental or any of their hotels or resorts. First impression is a lasting one.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>chriandsheena
<Content>Don't listen to the bad reviews! My boyfriend and I who are in our early twenties stayed at the Occidental Grand the first week of March '08. Like everyone else on here I got very afraid reading the reviews however I have been to punta cana 5 times now staying at different resorts and people always have something negative to say. We traveled air transat from halifax so we were in the transat building, our room was alright I have stayed in places that looked much nicer and newer but we didnt really care since we didnt spend much time in our room anyways. Our shower head was broken, it wouldnt stay up but we did not complain about it we just seen it as an oppurtunity for both of us to shower together everynight and hold the shower head up for one another. Of course the beach is beautiful, however i have stayed further down the beach and it is actually much nicer down there. If you want cheaper vendors you can go for about a thirty minute walk down the beach by turning to your left when leaving the resort beach.We tried the italian and the mexican restaurants and we really enjoyed the food at both of them, however the salsa is very spicy for those of u who dont like spicy food. When people say that the food is gross here, they are just very picky people. We did try the pizzeria and the taco place which the picky ppl said was the best although they were ok you had to be careful because alot of the time the pizzas were not fully cooked and tasted very doughy which made us sick one day and the tacos tasted very plain. I am obsessed with ketchup and theirs does not taste the same so i always bring myself a small bottle of heinz everywhere i travel, there also isnt any peanut butter for those of u who like it on their toast in the mornings.The entertainment was good and mangu was alot of fun, there were women who did sort of look like prostitutes but there were also ones from canada there looking like that, i read some things that were bad about this place but i didnt see anything like it. Definately a good place to party since one morning we were up at 7am waiting to go on an excursion and groups of people were just leaving the bar! The liquore is very week compared to canadian booze, we found that we had to drink double what we do here and thats alot! There were alot of people who were drunk which i didnt understand but i think they were american and maybe arent used to stronger liquore.We did two excursions, the first was jurassic buggies which was nice to be able to see the countryside that way, i found it to be really good because most places have hidden costs such as using the bathroom or taking your picture for you and then making you buy it but this place was happy to take your camera and take your picture for you. The buggies werent that great meaning not as fast as my boyfriend wanted but it is to be expected. The second excursion was the marinarium which was also good however the reef isnt all that nice if you are a hardcore diver such as i am but it was really interesting and safe to swim with the sting rays and nurse sharks.All in all we had a great vacation, if you are looking for the best of everything and are kind of snobby this resort probably isnt for you since they are building so many new resorts in the area im sure you can stay at a newer one but dont forget even the new ones will get used and outdated very fast as well. If you are fun people who are laid back and want to just relax and enjoy your vacation this is a great resort, we never had any troubles with anyone except maybe immature snobby stuck up people.Dont forget to bring a mug since the cups are very small and being canadian we brought a small flag to put on the beach which attracted many people to come talk to us since they love canadians there, we were also able to trade a canada hat that we bought a the dollar store for 2 bottles of liquore so keep that in mind!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jcad
<Content>Great week of R  We were a bit concerned after reading some mixed reviews of this resort, but I have to say, we certainly did not experience any issues! We stayed at this resort March 7 - 14, 2008. The resort itself is horseshoe shaped and very large. We were in Building 26 - closest to the beach - which was our request. Our room and I believe the whole building, has been recently renovated and I must say was great! We had a junior suite which was ample room. Our fridge was stocked daily with bottled water and soft drinks, and if you happened to see the housekeeping staff and tipped them generously, there were curvesas (spelling?) (beer) in the fridge daily as well! The rooms were kept extremely clean!The a la carte restaurants - the Grill house which I believe is Brazillian was certainly worth checking out as it was different! After a salad/soup buffet style start, each following course is served directly to your plate via large skewers which look like swords! The courses keep on coming! You aren't quite sure when it will end! The Oriental restaurant was excellent! Don't miss that one! Beautiful decor, and each course is presented to you beautifully - looks like works of art and too nice to eat! It was excellent and by far our favourite! Too bad it was our second last day we would have liked to go again! The Italian restaurant was not great at all, and I would skip it. My lasagna tasted ok, but looked like it had been made a few days prior and just reheated. My husband's chicken dish looked like something you would serve a toddler. Not a great impression. The buffet was great - even picky eaters surely would find something to eat! It is large and varied! Great pastries in the morning!!The beach - FANTASTIC! Lots of chairs, however, late arrivals - noon or so, may have had some issues finding chairs. We arrived at the beach fairly early in the mornings so it wasn't an issue. Yes they play save the chairs game here - towels etc on chairs and you never see the people actually show up to sit on them!Pool - looked beautiful, very clean and lots of people around them. We are more beach people, so didn't use the pools. Lots of entertainment around the pools, however there was lots of entertainment at the beach too.We were only able to go for a week this time, usually go for 2 weeks, so were very sad when the week was up! Our purpose was to soak up some sun, read a few good books and have great drinks - which we did in plenty!Oh - before I forget and don't want to forget - check out the Taco Bar and the Pizza bar located up the stairs by the Theatre! BEST shrimp tacos you will ever have! Pizza is great too! There is a bar up there as well, so we tending to hang out there in the evening and could watch the shows from there as well! Staff were very friendly and helpful - no issues whatsoever! Yes they are timeshare staff, and they want you to attend their Welcome presentation - which translates to please buy from us. If you just tell them no later, not interested they will leave you alone eventually!All in all it was a great place to go for a week of R  R. No complaints at all. The only critters we ever saw were a few small geckos. No mosquitos, no bugs. We certainly would have no problems recommending this resort and would return again! Any questions, please let me know!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lovemexico97
<Content>SURVIVOR: Dominican Republic...Outwit Outplay Outlast We stayed at the Occidental Grand February 25-March 2. We are early 40's with a 6 and 3 year old. We traveled with a group of friends...4 more couples. We have traveled to many all-inclusives in Mexico(Riviera Maya, Puerto Vallarta, and Ixtapa) and once in Jamaica. We have always been so sad when our week was ending....UNTIL NOW.I was wishing this vacation would end by the second day. I always read the reviews on Trip Advisor and they are usually spot on. I don't know why I didn't listen this time. We did get a good deal, but you could not pay me to return to this resort.I thought I was prepared for the disastrous check in procedure because of all of the reviews. But I wasn't. We paid for 2 adjoining rooms, and of course they weren't ready when we checked in. However, this was fine because it was not 3:00 yet. When 4:00 rolled around, they still weren't ready. Ok, no problem. At 5:00 we were assigned Rooms 10-107 and 10-108. OOPS! Across the hall from each other. So starts my 2 day saga. I know some spanish and explained politely that we can't have the children sleeping ACROSS THE HALL from us. Jonny at the front desk said come back in 2 hours, we will have corrected. I went back and got the same answer 4 times, each come back at 8, come back tomorrow, come back at noon. Meanwhile, about a THOUSAND other people had checked in. The next day at noon I had to give up before I ruined my whole vacation. A lady from New York told me, honey, you are being way too nice. You need to be meaner. Well, I shouldn't have to do that. We finally just moved a bed across the hall and had one giant bed. Anyway, the room we took the bed out of had a terrible smell and ants. Neither room sliding glass doors would lock. We wedged a plastic chair to lock them. If our family would have had to stay in either one of those rooms alone, we could not have survived. Both of them smelled of mold. One room had a working toilet. The other room had a working shower. The check in procedure is by far the WORST YOU COULD EVER IMAGINE. Another couple in our group spent 3 hours trying to get the correct key for their room also. On the second day, my daughter had terrible breathing problems and got a fever. I totally think it was the mold in the air conditioner. Once we figured out to leave it off, she was fine. But this was after a couple of scary days of fever and heavy breathing.Let's just say some of the meals were FEAR FACTOR.I so look forward to fresh fish when on a tropical vacation, but there was only 1 day that there was any good grilled fish to be found. The rest was swimming in gravy. I will say that the Crepes were great. I had one every day.We are by no means picky people, but this place was not good. The staff seemed like you were a bother to them. They stood in groups and talked amongst themselves instead of making you feel welcome, or like you were on vacation.The pool was perfect for kids, and the beach and weather were great.We will be going back to Mexico next time!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Cheryl63
<Content>Occidental was OK. I went to the Occidental on March 1st to the 8th, 2008. I have traveled to 5 other islands so have a lot to compare with. I had lower expectations of this resort before I left home so I was not overly disappointed during my stay. We booked through Air Transat in Canada and was very pleased with the on site transat staff at the resort. They were there every day and helped us book excursions and look after a small theft in our daughters room (2 pairs of sweats). I traveled with 7 women, (4 teenage girls). The rooms were big and had been renovated. The bed was very comfortable and we had no problems with leaks or bad air conditioning. Building 23. The worst part of the trip was the plumbing at this hotel. It was horrid. We did not have a functioning shower and most days there was no hot water and sometimes all we got was a trickle. The washrooms in the lobby were often overflowing or broken. Not acceptable for a hotel supposedly rated quite high. The Grand Palladium next door had fine plumbing (according to some folks we talked to while there).The great part of the trip was the beach and the very friendly entertainment staff. The beach was the nicest anywhere I have been (Aruba, Negril, Mayan Riveria) and also the most crowded. That being said, we never had a problem finding a spot in the morning. One of us would pop to the beach about 8:30 or so and there were tons of chairs. Any resort on this beach would be excellent from the beach perspective. Now the food. I have been lucky enough to have been to 3 different Sandals resorts and a 5 star in Mexico. The food here was just ok. It was eatable and the teenagers could always find something to eat. Stay away from the a la carte restaurants. They are not worth the hassle. The food is much better at the buffet. The smell in the Italian restaurant made me ill. It was smoky and smelled like burned electrical. Someone thought it was incense but it was gross. Breakfasts were great and lunch was good as well. The onion rings at the pool snack restaurant were awesome but they didn't have them every day. Do not go to this resort if you want good food and a relaxing dining experience. The evening entertainment shows were the best I have seen and the staff does a great job of getting guests involved. It was fun for the group. we went on the Marinearium snorkling trip with sharks and stingrays. It was expensive but good. The trip on the boat after snorkling was also enjoyable. Overall the resort was Ok. If I was to go back to Punta Cana I would try a different resort mainly due to the food and the poor plumbing at the Occcidental. oh yeah and they charged $25 for the safety deposit box not $15.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GenoaCity
<Content>Trust the reviews We just returned from 1 week at this resort. I read the reviews before I left. They were mixed opinions. I should have trusted the worst reviews. We have signed up for a honeymoon upgrade because we were celebrating our 35th wedding anniv. Never got it. We even gave the checkin guy some cash to get a good room and he gave us the worst room possible. What a dive. It was like a sleezy room you would find on a back road. It was dark and old. Went back to desk and said it was unacceptable and got another room. Wasn't the best , but had to settle for it. Had to go back later in day for a lock for the safe and it was $25. Staff was rude and not courteous. Food was the same every day. Our flight was on USA3000. Get back to Chicago and go through customs and go to get our luggage and aftr waiting for 1 hour the belt stops. There is no more luggage and about 50 people waiting for theirs also. Had to fill out report. They claim that there was too much wait on plane and they had to remove the luggage and put on another plane. They said it would fly into St. Louis today and be Federal Expressed to us today. After calling about 4 different phone numbers this morning and getting the run around I called my travel agent and she just called to tell me the the luggage went to St. Petersburg and it would be Federal Expressed today for a 2 day delivery. The saga continues.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>michloe712
<Content>Most Awful Spring Break I went to this resort with 10 of my girlfriends for our college spring break. We were expecting a great experience, and it ended up to be extremely unsatisfying. Upon our arrival the lobby seemed nice, but when we got to our rooms our trip went downhill. We had only 1 room key, that was a physical key not a card. The beds were pilly, flat, and had bugs and hair in the sheets. There were cockroaches running around the floors, and the showers were covered with rust and mold. Absolutely NONE of the toilets in the entire resort flushed even in the lobby bathrooms which were flooded and dirty. The facilities were mediocre, the pool was pretty yet dirty. The beach however was very pretty. The dining accomodations were beyond disgusting. The restaurants were not worth the reservations, and the food was soaked in oil, or the meat was fatty and artificial. The only thing I could bear to fill my stomach with was pasta, bread, and pancakes in the morning. The eggs, meat, fish, and fruit all were repulsive. The drinks were watered down and served in plastic cups even in the nice restaurants. People were rude when there was a language barrier and we were constantly touched by workers and sexually taunted. Above all we had credit cards taken while at the resorts with thousands of dollars stolen. I would not reccomend this hotel to any travelers. For the price we paid we could have had a much nicer experience.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MVadim
<Content>Batteries Fully Restored Who is writing the lukewarm reviews of the Occidental Grand in Punta Cana??? My girlfriend and I just returned from our stay there earlier this week, and all I can say is, wow! I must confess that after reading a few reviews of the Occidental on this site prior to travelling, I was feeling a bit leery and trepidacious about about the wisdom of choosing this particular resort...but I'm deliriously happy to say my fears were completely unjustified.The resort is stunningly beautiful; everything was clean and extremely well maintained. The staff were for the most part extremely friendly and helpful, (when I return, and I will return, I will, however, make more of an effort to learn more Spanish...although you can get by speaking English, I think we missed out in meaningful exchanges with alot of the Dominican locals) the food was wonderful (although the cooks have a tendancy to drench everything in sauces). The beach was wonderful, the pools were immaculately clean and the room was spacious, cool and (hate to sound like a broken record, but...) clean. Be warned, however...unless you are in the Royal Club...there is no free internet access on the resort. The lobby offers access using resort computers, however they charge $7.00 per half hour, $12.00 per hour or $25.00 for one day of access. There is another option, however. Across the street from the entrance to the resort, there is an internet cafe (there were two, but one of them has since closed) that charges $2.00 for a half hour...sorry, don't remember what it was by the hour. The only problem I found with using this site was you have to pass by a number of tourist trap stores with shop owners who can be very in your face. I think most tourists would not take issue with this, as although the shopowners are aggressive, they are also very charismatic and friendly, however I personally found it all a bit much. Before we went to Punta Cana, there was a bit of a scare about Malaria and although we did not see any mosquitos around the resort, we did discover a few in our room. When we reported this to the concierge, they seemed quite shocked. Later that evening, we witnessed a large truck driving behind the buildings spraying very nasty looking stuff into the air...a bit disconcerting if we had been out on our balcony.The entertainment was amazing and the Occidental Fun Club performers were practicing and entertaining constantly...very hard working and great fun.The disco, the Mangu, is touted to be the best in Punta Cana and is open to locals as well as tourists. I had heard alot of not too pleasant things about it; women being groped and harrassed by Domincan men, and it being a favourite spot for the local prostitutes (some fellow tourists confirmed this information). We did actually venture in, however it was rather early and we didn't stick around, so I can't really give a first-hand account...I was rather freaked out by the sign at the entrance declaring that you couldn't come in with your guns...guns???? hey, I'm from the east coast of Canada and am not used to that sort of thing. :)In closing, if you are looking for a great place to relax, soak up the rays, eat really well, and be pampered...the Occidental Grand is the place for you. Although I may have mentioned a few things that may sound negative, believe me...the good things overwhelmingly outweighed the bad.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>qualityreviwes
<Content>royal treatment to all guests! My trip to the Caribbean couldn't have been more amaising. In this hotel they treat, all the guests fantasticly. I recomend that you go to the crown club, because for a good price you can get lts of free food, and drinks. Although, if you choose not to stay in the crown club you can still have an amaising time; you can participate in any water activity for free as long as it's not scuba diving, or invloves a motor. This hotel is simply delightful, and amaising.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>queencougar
<Content>not one complaint...       one of my favourite pics  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tmhjunk
<Content>Miss it already We traveled with a group of 15 Parrotheads. If you know Parrotheads, we can have fun about anywhere. Add beautiful beaches, beach bars and beach cabanas, now we're really talking!Some of the group had the deluxe rooms and some had the Royal Club Rooms. Those in the deluxe had no issues whatsoever. Those in the Royal Club however made up for it. Actually the only issues are the people in the Royal Club Office. Check in was horrendous and never were the people in that particular area nice! Everywhere else, all employees were extremely friendly. Three of us were bumped from Royal Club rooms to deluxe rooms. The deluxe rooms were great. We were supposed to have the same amentities as the Royal Club, however, the Royal Club staff was not responsive in taking care of our requests. Overall, not sure the extra amentities were worth the price difference.The beaches were magnificent! In other reviews they suggest getting to the beach early to save chairs. Our advice is go to the beach bar, watch the seats you want and after 30 minutes, move the towels and enjoy. Many days we noticed people who saved seats never showed up!The food was ok. Plenty of options on the buffetts, but who really goes to Punta Cana for italian food or steak? Bar tenders were great, especially Rosio at the Royal Club Bar. You have to ask for premium liquor, they hide the bottles so you have to ask.We did 2 excursions. The Catalina Island Tour and the Jeep Tour. Preferred the Jeep Tour by far. Both are all day, but the Jeep tour is more organized. You go to sugar cane fields, a plantation, a horse farm, a school, through the mountains and to the beach. Well worth it. The Catalina tour was unorganized and not nearly as much fun. Just ask questions on how long the tours are, how long to get to where you want to go and how you're getting there. The roads are horrible and full of potholes, so you want to be comfortable.What we liked: the beaches and the barsWhat we disliked: Royal Club employees  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	1	5	3	

<Author>MissSunshine17
<Content>Beautiful  Me and my Boyfriend went for one week all inclusive at this resort and loved it! I honestly don't understand how people can pick this place apart. We came off a direct flight from Calgary, everything went smoothly baggage and the transportation to the hotel was awesome. We had about 60 people from our plane coming to the Occidental it was a bus full. Check in was amazing, even with this many people no one waited over 25 minutes, they are fast and the English at this resort is phenomenal, of course they still have some difficulty but compared to any other resort I鈥檝e been to (Mexico, Cuba, Mayan) this was the best for speaking English. The Buffet was amazing; they had a different selection each breakfast, lunch and dinner. The variety of the food is also good, lots of meats but also pasta and vegetarian items also. There was also 4 a la carte' The Italian and the Steakhouse are both delicious, try to book these ahead of time, or you get really late times like 9:15. We are both 20 years old and overly enjoyed this resort and i can also be quite picky but i had nothing to complain about. The rooms are a bit outdated but that was the least of my concerns on this vacation. There are a lot of couples at this resort, and people from all ages! The disco Mangu is actually on the Occidental Resort so if you鈥檙e looking for a place with night life this is a good one. Everyone meets in the Lobby Bar right after night time entertainment. The Lobby is beautiful! There are plenty of bars, including a swim up bar. The beach is gorgeous, one of the nicest ones along the strip. Barely no sea weed! The entertainment nightly is incredible, it is a popular attraction basically everyone from the resort goes, they have wonderful choreography. i just thought i would share this with everyone curious, because there is a lot of mixed reviews out there, and if your heading on an all inclusive vacation, complaining should be the last thing you do! Relax, this is the place for it the resort is just beautiful!! The weather was good also just don鈥檛 be upset if you wake up to a rain shower they last maybe 20 minutes, and its still warm outside ,the weather there changes constantly. Hope this helped any one who wasn鈥檛 quite sure of this resort! 飦?/p>  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>PLANET924
<Content>Loved it       one of the pool  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sharper123
<Content>Perfect, Perfect, Perfect!!!       beach at our hotel  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nitam77
<Content>Will Go Back To Cozumel We checked out the reviews on this resort before we went but just thought some of the negative reviews were from people with extremely high expectations. Well, they were right. We arrived with our family (6 people) We had booked 3 rooms.(Never received them)  We are Platinum Plus First Club Members of the Occidental/Allegro Resorts--- this supposedly gives you extra benefits. They gave us 2 rooms joined by a living area with a small pullout couch with a extremely worn 2 inch mattress. This is all fine if we had gotten a terrific deal on this booking, but we paid dearly!!!!!  The next day I went to the members desk to receive help with the room key card and the guy kept questioning me on who was in room 17303??? Finally I realized he wasn't saying 17203 and explained the rooms we had. I questioned him if we were suppose too have a third room which we had booked, but he insisted NO. Upon checking out my daughter could see the computer screen. There, on the screen, was our room numbers plus the third room, 17303, we never got. I'm so disgusted they would lie and not give us the 3rd room we obviously paid for. We checked out 17303(the third room) and it was not occupied.  Also, all six of us had cold showers one of the evenings. There was a huge 4-5 inch cockroach in the tub. Poor lighting in our room. I can stand all of this if they charged accordingly but they don't. Needless to say, we will go back to Cozumel next year.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	4	2	2	

<Author>snowbird27
<Content>A Bit of Heaven my wife and i had the pleasure to spent 7 wonderful days at the occidental grand in Puta Cana.before we left i had read alot of reviews about how it was.there were good and bad.Seeing the resort first hand is your best review.ALL IN ALL WONDERFUL!! HERE;S MY REVIEW,,,,, HERE'S 1 GOOD TIP, WEAR A RED SOX SHIRT,THEY LOVE THE SOX'S WE ARRIVED AT THE HOTEL AT AROUND 3;30P.M.THEY CAN BE ALITTLE SLOW AT CHECK -IN TIME.,took us about 45min,but not a real big deal for me.Our room was in buliding 10,3rd floor overlooked the pool,lobby,pool bar,resturants were right there,buffet,and the stage where all the shows were ,to me great location!!!! our room was nice and very clean,bed was fine. we had a small fridge with soda water and beer.maid service was excellent( left her 2dollars and some in-expensive make-up every morning, and whatever we asked for we got. you have to remember these folks don't make much for all they do,and they have very long days.They work from sun-up to sun down.The whole resort is very clean, you don't see any litter around.The pools are great,the pool bar even better,with a wonderfulbar tender Alfraido,he new me by my first name after one visit with him.another good bartender is Wilson, in the lobby,2 great guys to look for when your there.the buffet i thought was very good,breakfast,lunch or dinnersome of the other resturants like the steak house ,not great.the mexican not bad,the Italian pretty good.The beach was very nice,and don't foget the beach bar. Also the have shows every night,don't miss the Michael Jackson show,you would swear its him,and sounds like him, and the dancers ,wonderful!!!!!there are alot of tour you can go on to.we went on the jeep saffari,very interesting if you want to see how the real people live,3rd world country,if you do go on it bring plenty of candy,because you will see hundreds of kids,its a good tour but check it out before you decide.The only negatives,,,,time share people in or near the lobby,can be a pain after awhile.but all in all can't wait to get back there , but for longer then 7 days,10maybe.again it was wonderful to be there.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>mimiHartford_CT
<Content>Better than expected I was weary from some if the average reviews of this hotel, but it was better than expected. Our room was awesome, clean, overlooked the pool. The food, to us, was excellent. There is something for everyone in the buttet. We did eat at the Mexican and Italian and they were both great. Just be sure to make your reservations as soon as you can as we had to wait several days to get in. Check in was our only major complaint. We got there at 1:30a, and couldn't get into our room until 4:30p. I had signed up for a snorkeling tour through the Expedia website where I planned the trip and I wouldn't advise it. Sign up for your tours at the hotel. There's several tour companies represented in the lobby that you can at least talk to them. Beaches were great, warm water, with a slight surf, but you do need to get down there around 7:00a with your towels to reserve the tiki huts. They go fast. All in all, a great vacation and we would definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orchid8407
<Content>Had a great time! We were in Punta Cana for our honeymoon and we couldn't have been happier! The resort was nice and the room was casual. The food was decent and the choices were good. The brick oven pizza was delicious! We played water volleyball, went snorkling, para-sailing, dancing, lots of swimming! It was so much fun and we will definetly go back. We met a lot of great people and the Dominicans are happy people; very welcoming. Your vacation is what you make of it!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>MA&DF
<Content>Air Transat Package - Exceptional Beach - everything else pretty good       King Bed  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>hrmfdm
<Content>Great time, great place! I cannot believe some of the comments made about this place, but maybe it made my stay that much more wonderful because we had decided to see for ourselves before passing judgement.Room: We were in Building 26, near the beach and pool and the lunch buffet. The room was a wee bit musty but I didn't even notice it in a couple of days, and did not affect my breathing. Woodpeckers and humming birds entertained us during our afternoon patio beers. Julio was our 'maid' most days and was absolutely fantastic and friendly. We tipped him $5 a day plus a gift bag full of goodies, plus a few dollars more here and there when he dropped off more than the allotted liquor and beer. Gracias!Food: The food was amazing, the buffets had so much variety that there had to be something there that you would enjoy. Yes, they had goat and a few things that don't show up at your local KFC, but get over it and try something new. I have an addiction to the Salsa Rosa, which I poured over my eggs in the morning. The Mexican a la carte was the worst, but I know some people enjoyed it. The Oriental was the best, try the shittake mushroom soup. The beach buffet was a pleasant surprise, so good in fact we never made it to the Home Run with the pizzas. But that was our taste.The Beach: Oh the beach! So, so beautiful. Goes for kilometres and kilometres. We had the premium package which gives you a private area on the beach. Even with this we had to get down to the beach and save our chairs at 7 am. No big deal, you can nap later.Beach bar: Great bartenders! And they seem to speak about a dozen languages each. Give them a fiver and they will look after you all week. We were so full of food and sun and booze that we didn't get out much at night.The time share people tried to talk to you but I just smiled and said no, gracias and just kept walking. I, like others here, didn't find the visitors overly friendly and didnt' meet as many people as usual but the staff was always friendly and helpful.Watch for prices when buying your trinkets, we went from $500 to $25 for just a few items. They love women, but may just think we are a little stupid.I would definately go back to this hotel without hesitation, and so would a lot of the other people with whom we spoke.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>skiqueen10
<Content>Not a four star hotel Unfortunately I knew where I wanted to go on vacation, but didn't have a lot of time to book accommodations. It wasn't until after everything was booked that I checked tripadvisor. Sadly much of what I read about the Occidental was true. I was naively hopeful that with so many complaints, the hotel may have had time to fix some of the basic problems.While we didn't experience the 2 hour check in from hell, our check in was very confusing with the person who was helping us leaving to work on another issue. This seemed to be a recurring theme for the week. We were booked into the un-remodeled section of the hotel and were only given one key. This wasn't such a big deal for us, but we witnessed other travelers who had huge issues with this problem. On the other hand, the new units had scan keys and I saw many people bringing these cards back to the desk because they didn't work.The room was old and had a bit of a funny smell. We were on the first floor and the sliding door to the patio didn't work-my husband checked it before we went out the first night and it was locked-when we returned the door was open. Nothing was missing, but it was a bit off-putting.As much as I had read about the time share people, we still managed to get caught up in a long presentation. It was presented to us as not a time share and the person who delivered us to the conference room assured us we only need stay for 5 minutes-though he asked us to put down that we were there for an hour so he could get his full commission. Since we had room issues-the sliding door and lack of hot water, we thought this might be a good opportunity to be heard and maybe get some of these issues taken care of. It wasn't. We were actually told that our sliding door on the ground floor that looked out onto the running track that is also a staff walkway was perfectly safe. The salesman actually guaranteed that we would be safe with a door that didn't lock! Basically they wanted to sell us a plan to buy into the Occidental Resort family, even going so far as to show us a waterfront suite-while we were still under the impression that our complaints might be addressed. Another person who tried to recruit us for this presentation offered this information to us: Americans are worth $20, Canadians $10 and Europeans $5. If you don't want to be bothered just start speaking French or something and they might leave you alone!As it turned out, we had a safe deposit key-a must for peace of mind-and nothing ever happened with the patio door. The hot water appeared halfway thru the vacation. I suspect that one of the housekeeping staff spotted me poking in the closet in the corridor that backed right up to our shower. I was looking for a hot water control and didn't see one, but my next and future showers were hot-go figure.The restaurants were nothing special, but not as bad as other travelers had reported. The buffet was good, but by the end of the week I was getting tired of juggling food and juice while other guests wandered aimlessly around. We also noticed that the Dominican wait staff would just as soon run you over as make way for you. The two teenagers that we traveled with pretty much ate only at Home Rum for burgers and fries and got at least 2 late night pizzas every night. They only really used the buffet for the ice cream, which they reported to be excellent!We did one excursion-Bavaro Runners, which was a nice quick look at the country. We went on a Saturday so the school was closed, but we told our tour guide that we had gifts for the children so he made sure our driver stopped several times so that we could pass out our goodies. The horseback riding was too short and the lunch wasn't very good. The beach was not as nice as at the hotel, but the day was worth it because we experienced local color and our guides were very entertaining.The rest of the time we spent on the resort. We loved the beach and only spent about 20 minutes in the pool. We never had trouble getting drinks at the different bars and the beach area lunch was tasty and convenient. The guests who brought huge insulated drink cups for their beer slowed down the line a bit as it takes more time to pour 36 or more ounces than it does 12.The activities staff works very hard and we enjoyed catching part of the different shows. I also took a dance class on the beach and did beach aerobics. These employees had the best English skills, though I was trying to speak Spanish as much as possible, I did run into problems with some staff who had no English at all.Coming from the state of Maine where smoking is banned in most public places it was a bit of getting used to all the smoke and the ashtrays that were placed all around.The hotel invites vendors to come in at certain times. They all seem to have the same things to sell and won't give you a price-instead they encourage you to pick out a few more things and they will give a deal. We did get some souveniers in this matter and also bought some stuff on the beach-I think the necklace that I got on the beach was a real deal....everything else was just part of a retail game. At times these vendors would be extremely aggressive. As it turned out, once it got dark and sales dwindled, they turned their wares to the drug trade. Our teenagers were asked at least twice if they wanted to buy pot. My husband and I did not encounter this.One other thing that was a bit annoying, but is probably prevalent in all the resorts is all the picture taking. Every day on the beach two employees came by with a variety of animals and coaxed people into having their picture taken. I had mine taken with a small monkey and two birds-I didn't buy either and put my headphones in and closed my eyes on other days. There were also people dressed in character while people were waiting in line to get into the buffet. They were very persistent and made it almost impossible to say no. I found it easier to have the picture taken and just not buy it.As for the country, customs and immigration was smooth and efficient and our airport transfer-Coco Tours was prompt and courteous.Would I return to the Dominican? Maybe, but there are so many other places to see in this world.Would I return to the Occidental? Probably not-it just seemed like there were so many interruptions ....including the staff member who asked if I was traveling alone because everyone else was sleeping in-it just felt sketchy-not really threatening.I guess you get what you pay for and research and due dilligence is worth every minute it takes.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>koolieca
<Content>Very enjoyable       View from our balcony  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Army66
<Content>Great Place to Vacation... DO NOT PLAN A WEDDING HERE       My Wife and I  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	5	4	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>redspyder11
<Content>Horrible Language Barrier My friend of many years and I stayed at this hotel from 1/31/08 till 2/1/08. The hotel was beautiful and the grounds were kept meticulously clean, but the language barrier was quite upsetting. From the minute we checked in, till we left, we were besides ourselves trying to get anything done. Firstly, they told us we had no reservations, which was not true since we had confirmations in our hands from the travel agent. Then after wandering around for several hours, we finally had a room that ended up being beautiful (except for the rain pouring in through the ceiling at night). As for the food, we were quite disappointed too. If not for hamburgers and hot dogs (which we became quickly disgusted of), we really were not satisfied. We were scheduled for a special steak house dinner, but this was truly disappointing as we received one item at a time, cold and left hungry.Being Americans, we were use to our milk being cold and pasta's served hot - not here, it was the opposite. Other than their baked breads and muffins, we ate lots of candies that we brought with us.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	1	2	1	

<Author>Tannow44
<Content>Wisconsin, USA - Sad vacation is over! My husband and I (mid-40's) traveled with our 15  17 year old children. We have been to many other all inclusive resorts in Mexico and the Caribbean. Our vacation was spectacular, except for the check in. Exactly 1 hour from landing at the airport, we walked into the hotel lobby! It is heaven just to breath the warm air and see all the green palm trees.We are very aware of the laid back atmosphere and the it will be just a minute. We are on vacation, so if we have to wait or do things the Punta Cana way, then so be it. But, after a while it gets a bit much. REGISTRATION - We were 4th in line at the registration and the line continued to grow. The people in front of us had no problems. Then when we came, we were told after 20 minutes, that there was a surprise, then only had paper work for us to have 1 room. I showed them my paperwork that showed we paid for 2 rooms. So we were asked to wait to the side, while they figured this out. Really what happened was they spent the next 20 minutes helping the other guest check in. We literally were told to go from the registration desk to the VIP desk to call our Fun Jet Rep. Keep in mind that when going to this VIP desk, there are 4 people standing in line, so the wait was another 20 minutes. After 2 hours! We were given arm bands, and asked to come back in 1 hour and they will have it figured out. No problem, except how do you go to relax at the beach carrying passports, cash, medicine, etc. So it was not very relaxing. In the end, it was 5 hours later and we were given 1 room and we were told the hotel was overbooked and we should come back to the registration desk tomorrow.Our room, was beautiful, Building 26 (Buildings 23,24,25,26 have all been recently remodeled.) It was on the first floor, with an ocean view. Problem, it had 1 split king size bed. (My son is 6'2 and slept with a table between 2 chairs!) The cot we requested never came.The next day after breakfast and during our Fun Jet (VIP) Talk, our representative was able to help us out. But again it was another 3 hours before we were able to get our second room. We felt VERY lucky that the second room was in the same building. But then spent another hour of our vacation moving to the next room. This room, was very nice, although the lock on the door did not work - so my husband would let me go out the door and then would be inside the room, he would then dead-bolt it and go out the patio door (leaving this patio door open so he could return.) He felt and looked like a robber. But we felt this was a better alternative than to trying to switch rooms.ROOMS - Both rooms had very poor water pressure, and had hot water every time we used the showers. Maids were great, we wrote notes in spanish (the best we could) tipped $1 per day for each of the rooms, and even requested (and received) diet pepsi and beer in our frigs. Very clean. Lots of room. Someone suggested bringing a lock to use for the safe box, since they charge you $25 for the week for a lock. (But, for both of our room safes, it was a special lock that a normal lock would not work.)RESTAURANTS: We ate at the 4 specialty restaurants 5 nights! They were all great! If you are looking for speed - dont go to any of them. Our entertainment was going to dinner, so we didnt mind the relaxed atmosphere. Service was faster when we went to the 9pm seating. Make sure you arrive on time, there were guests that were turned away because they came arrived 15 minutes late. To register - at the front desk from 8-11, you can book 3 nights at a time. Make sure to get a reservation slip! The pizza place was fabulous. (Least favorite was the Sports Bar....the served the same things at the beach buffet and for us it was hotter at the buffet.) The hotel grounds were beautiful. We enjoyed the walks to the restaurants/beaches/pools. HOTEL ENTERTAINMENT: The shows were the best we have ever seen on an island! My daughter was even in one of the shows (she was asked during the day while at the beach). Live band 6 out of the 7 nights we were there. The pre-show ice breakers were hilarious!After the show (usually around 11 - 12 o'clock) we headed to bed. Although, the entertainment continued with some sort of entertainment in the lobby (live band, kareoke). And then the disco (because we were there during Carnival - it was a $20 cover to get in and drinks were $7 each)! There was always something to do. They do have a casino, but it is very small.BEACH - The best part of Punta Cana is the BEACH! We walked to the left about 2 miles and it was gorgeous! and we walked to the right about 1 mile ( to where shops are) and it was gorgeous! If you want an umbrella on the beach... we would put hotel towels and a book out on 4 chairs around 7:45 every morning! STAFF: The work so hard, and so long. Other than the reception desk - all staff was great. Only once did we have time share people ask us, we just said no thanks and that was it.SHOPPING - We did walk out of the building to the plaza on the right. Yicks! I felt like vultures were out! We got our few souvenirs and even my daughter, who LOVES shopping, couldn't wait to get back to the hotel. We found out after (and too late) that there is a mall (Armani, Urban Outfiters, Pumba, Hard Rock, etc) just 20 minutes away...I wish we would have taken a taxi there) The shops on the beach were exactly like the ones outside the hotel area, and they seemed a little less attacking!EXCURSIONS - For 2 people to parasail together was $80 for 12 minutes. (They tell you $85, but will do it for less). The we tipped the captain as we got on, and we were up almost 20 minutes! They will try to sell you their photography - we just said no thanks.We did the Catamaran snorkel and swim with the sharks. It was nice but nothing spectacular. Snorkeling is nothing great. Swimming with the sharks - they say it is nursery, but the 5 sharks that we swam with were 300 pounds!!! the babies were there too, but we really were watching the big ones! I wish I would have brought some candy or little trinkets for the kids on this beach area. Although, I'm sure they liked the $ just as well. I think the cost on this was $70 per person.GOING HOME - Find out how many other stops your bus transportation is making before going to the airport. We did 2 stops and it took 1 hour to get there. The roads are bad and if we would have know, we would have taken a taxi. We would have been able to stay at the resort for another hour and avoid the bumpy road. The kids enjoyed Wendy's hamburgers at the airport!OVERALL - The day and a half that it took to get registered really was bad. But after 5 days of relaxing, sunning, reading books, playing volleyball,and having weather in the mid-80's with a breeze off the ocean, who can complain?  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>Fab44
<Content>Beautiful Beach After reading the reviews of the resort recently, I decided to writea review even though it has been quite awhile since we stayed at the Occidental Flamenco Punta Cana.  My husband and I and our two children ages 14 and 12 traveled to Punta Cana for spring break last spring on a whim because our travel agent had bargain rates. My husband and I have traveled all over the carribean and have stayed at 3 other all-inclusives and decided to give it a try with our kids. We booked through our agent and Funjet. We enjoyed having a charter non-stop flight and arrived at the resort and approximately 1:00 p.m.Unfortunately, there were many people at the front desk trying to check in also. We knew we were early and probably wouldn't have our rooms ready yet, but weren't prepared to wait in line for 20 minutes only to be told to come back in a couple hours. There were only 3 employees working at the front desk trying to check in about 100 people-very understaffed here. I feel the check in process should be their first priority-kind of sets the tone for the week.  After we were assigned our rooms in building 21, 3rd floor,we were told to come back to the front desk in a half hour as there were no safe keys available(extra charge for safe). We feel we couldn't leave our room as we had cash and other valuables with us. I walked back to the front desk(5 minute walk,20 minute wait in line again), only to be told still not available. I sent my husband on the next trek to the desk and he got results. We did notice that the Europeans did not wait their turn in line-just cut in front of others. After check-in, though the resort was great! Our kids found a bunch of kids at the beach volleyball net and pretty much hung out with them all week. They played all the various games throughout the week and won some awards which they hand out before the nightly shows around 9:00 pm. My husband and I spent the majority of our time laying on the beautiful beach and we could still see our kids most of the time from our spot on the beach. We took many walks down the beach which went on for miles-very beautiful-the best thing about Punta Cana. So if you are a beach person, which we are, this is the place to go. However, if you like to snorkel you will be disappointed. We booked a snorkel excursion with the Funjet rep which cost $280 for four. On the day we were supposed to go it was rainy and windy. I spoke with the rep and asked if we could reschedule but she said no. The water was really rough which stirred the sand all up and the natural aquarium was just a fenced in area out in the middle of the ocean with one nurse shark and two stringrays.Not a good experience. I wouldn't recommend this tour. I heard that the snorkeling was better on the south side, La Romana area, with calmer water and lots of fish and coral. We were nervous about the food after reading reviews of bad food and people getting sick but we were quite happy with the food at this resort. The buffet was very impressive with lots of salads, fresh fruits and lots fresh baked goods. My kids enjoyed the omelettes and crepes. I really enoyed the reservation only restaurants with the Chinese being my favorite. We made reservations every day with our concierge who happens to be a time-share sales person. She would ask us each day if we want to make reservations for dinner which we did 6 out of the seven nights at our preferred time. Then she would ask us if we want to go to a special presentation and we would decline politely and say maybe tomorrow. Then we would tip her $5 whic was worth it because she was not there on Good Friday morning so we went to the concierge desk in the lobby and were told there were only 9:00 pm sittings available. We ate at the pizzeria that night which was very good.  Our rooms were right next to each other and our maid was excellent. We were short on towels but healways seemed to be around so we would just ask or leave a note. The rooms were very spacious and if it weren't for needing2 bathrooms we would have been very comfortable in one room.There was a problem with the water pressure though but I think that comes from being on the 3rd floor. Also, I rarely got a hot shower. We spoke with people on the first floor and they had good water pressure and hot water.(but their room was musty smelling). I thought the shows at night were very entertaining and the kids shows before the main show were cute too. We didn't stay up for many of them however because we were wiped out from the sun, fun and food. One thing about staying at a large resort like this is that we didn't meet many people(or they were not friendly types). We saw very few people that spoke English so it was hard to communicate. I tried to speak the little spanish I knew when ordering at restaurants or asking questions. Our kids got to know some local kids of employees that were staying at the resort on Easter weekend. They didn't know much English but somehow our kids were able to communicate with them and enjoyed getting to know some Dominicans. We took about $150 in one dollar bills for tipping and used them all. We gave the front desk person $20 to try to ensure getting good rooms which we did get. We were about half way beteen the beach and lobby/restaurant area.  We had a great stay at the Occidental and will probably head to Mexico next to some snorkeling. Fab44  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	1	4	4	

<Author>GetmeawayWinnipeg
<Content>Excellent We just returned from a two week stay at the Occidental Grand and just loved it...We checked in right away, the room was the best room we have had in all of our 5 past trips at a 4 stars in Mexico and Cuba..The service folks were great, rooms were cleaned every day and overall my impression was that this was the cleanest resort we have every stayed at. After two weeks I usually can't wait to come home with the food choices but that was not the case here. The food was really good for a buffet-lots of choices with changes daily. The various restaurants were very good with the exception of the Brazilian choice. The beach was second to none, goes for miles. The rush for the chairs was not bad however we always got there by 7to ensure we got our favorite spot. We went with the Transat Premium Club and its small perks are well worth it. Your own spot on the beach, private breakfast area and things like a housecoat in the room were enjoyed.The shopping outside the resort is very dismal so be prepared to spend your trip attached to the resort. We did several tours which were excellent-transat has many to choose from. Overall I would highly recommend this resort for a relaxing get away...  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>TravelershHubbyandME
<Content>Choose a different hotel... ::a little about me, the traveler: 25 yr old, lady went with her hubby, husbands' opinion the same.. Only I鈥檓 pregnant and didn鈥檛 drink, so for him was a bit better :o)... Been to Punta Cana and other places in DR before, this is the worst hotel so far. The only great thing about this trip was that, we had a direct flight, travel was smooth and beach was amazing. (with waves, but that was fine)Food (buffet) terrible, restaurants horrible. The only good thing about food: breakfast, bread, and some fruits (I only ate pineapples, watermelon and apples).Service, not so good. They sit you down at a table and may give this table to someone else while you are getting your food. Not organized at all. You have to wait forever for someone to bring you coffee/tea or any other drink might as well get it yourself.Entertainment wasn鈥檛 bad; there is a nice club/disco on the property. I would certainly not recommend this hotel to a friend and would never go there again  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	2	2	2	

<Author>1tonyrose
<Content>Just OK Just got back on Feb. 27. Spend a week at the Occidental. Had a great time. Hotel was great, people are hard working, low paid natives. Since reading so many reviews, I was very critical of the Hotel. We (party of 4-2 couples) had some troubles checking in, but after a 5 hour delay the rest of our stay went OK. Food leaves a little to be desired. Drinks are tasty. The beach was beautiful, the sand, waves, sun and the women were all part of a great vacation. Went to Sanoma on tour was fine. Went on a what is called a zip line was OK if your weak at heart, not very scary. Do not be afraid to stay here. I would not go back to this hotel, because there are so many others to try and other islands. By the way we went to the casino close by its called the Tower, open from 5 PM till 5AM, don't go till after 8 or so, gets a little more crowded later.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	1	4	2	

<Author>megs2007
<Content>Perfect Beach/Great Resort Just returned this past week from the Occidental. We had an 8 day stay there, and thought the resort was wonderful.Room:We stayed in building 24. We felt it was a good place to be, since it's halfway between the lobby/pool and the beach. Our room was really nice, never had a problem whatsoever. We tipped the housekeeper serveral times, and we were usually greeted with snacks (chips and chocolate bars) and extra towels. Can't complain about anything regarding the room.Food:We never experienced any problems with the food at any of the places we ate. We never bothered with any of a la cartes however. The Buffet, Snack Bar and the Beach Buffet were all good. The food can be a little bland, but they are trying to please a lot of different people, so I can forgive that. The food was always hot if it was supposed to be hot and cold if it was supposed to be cold. The best place was the Pizzeria, which is open in the evening and open all night. They make the pizza fresh, with whatever toppings you want. It was really good.Beach:Perfect...what more can I say?There were always plenty of lounge chairs on the beach, and usually there was no problem getting ones with shade if you want it.Pool:There is a really big pool with a swimup bar, it's really nice but the beach is SOOO great, why bother with the pool? However, alot of people did, and here is where the only problem we had lies. This problem isn't necessarily the resorts fault, but if you ever wanted to go to the pool you might as well forget it unless you get up at 7am and put your towels on some lounge chairs. There were always reserved chairs, sometimes with people never even showing up at them. I even heard about people reserving pool chairs and then going to the beach, going back and forth between the two. That's hardly fair to anyone who wants to go to the pool, but not sure the resort can do anything about it? So if you want a pool day, get up early and reserve some chairs!The only other problem we came across on this trip, was our adventure off the resort. (again, this has nothing to do with the resort) We went off the resort to go to the shopping mall which is just a short walk from the resort. It was a very bad experience. The shopkeepers are very forceful, even grabbing you and pulling you into their stores! I've been to serveral places down south, including the shopping area Playa del Carmen in Mexico, where I even went by myself and felt very safe there. Here however, I would never ever had gone alone. It was kind of scary. My boyfriend did go off alone (because I refused to go again!) and he was propostioned several times by prostitutes and even one of their pimps. And it is definitly not safe to go after dark for sure. I would suggest not bothering to leave the resort for shopping, since there are a couple stores on the resort, and they also have a couple nights where people come to the resort to sell stuff. Everything is the same anyway, so you might as well just stay on the resort.So that's how I seen it. I thought the resort was beautiful, very clean and all the staff I came across were very friendly. And of course the beach is absolutly beautiful!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LoveMX
<Content>Great resort and loved the beach Well we made it! All 13 of us. We had a blast! Airport pick up went great, asked them to stop for some cold cervesa which they did....check in was effortless....I am an owner and the rest came as guests and referrals, so it really went smooth. All of our rooms were ready at 1:30 when we checked in. Our room was a 1 bedroom suite overlooking the swimup pool bar...awesome (bldg 14). The rest of the gang were in either building 14 or 15 so we were all close. They all like their rooms, some had minor issue that were easily resolved. Like any resort there are some things that people like and some things people aren't so hot on....we've been to other AI resorts in DR and in Mexico. I've come to realize that you just can't compare DR to Mexico...totally different life style etc. So with that said.....I'm going to give you my opinion. I loved this place. Yes it's big and spread out, but I like that feeling of not being overcrowded. Besides...exercise never hurt after leaving the buffet! We used the buffet in the main building and the one by the beach. I liked them both. On a scale of 1-10 (10 highest) I'd give the food a 7-8. but like any place....a buffet after 5 days is boring, not to mention 7 days or more of it. But hey....like I said...I never went hungry! Loved the pizza place, but laughed if you ordered olives on the pizza...they had the pits still in them...so be careful! We also really liked the taco place....the shrimp tacos are nummy! We spent time at the lobby bar and they were great......Juan Carlos at the beach bar was our buddy however. Our group prefered the beach over the pool.....the pool was wonderful, we just are beach people. Some in our group did the parisailing and loved it. 4 of us big girls got on the banana boat....what a hoot. I'm sure they could hear us up and down the beach laughing....until we got dumped off. that was interesting....trying to have a 110 lb guy in the boat trying to get us big girls back on the banana....I laughed soooo hard. at one point I thought we were going to pull him in the water with us! The weather was great...only rained a little bit nothing to dampen the trip. We did the Montser Truck Saffari....we didn't like it. It was very educational, but that wasn't what we thought it would be....and 8 hours was just way too long. I've heard since then that the Jerasic saffari is much better. And what can I say about Steves! We had a blast. We had to go several times in fact....Met both Mikes  Steve. Bought some of the NEW Steves corner bar t-shirts too! Did some shopping in that area....as other posters have said...you must barter with them. I bought home my usual suitcase full of goodies! We are morning people, so unfortunately we never saw a night show...heard they were great however. The beach....totally awesome, this has to be the best beach that I've ever been to, totally enjoyed it. The service was a little slower than I'm used to in Mexico, but again it didn't effect my trip. Would I go back.....YES. The resort and the people of Punta Cana were very friendly and welcoming. I tried my limited spanish.....made one guy really laugh...so not quite sure what I said, but he got a kick out of it! HEY....I also met Scooter from Canada! If you have any questions please PM me and I'd be glad to help. I'll post my pictues as soon as I figure out how to attach them.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravellingMachine
<Content>Postcard Perfect Beach We just returned from our Vacation on Sunday, February 17th. Our group consisted of 6 people ranging in ages from 64 to 15. I am not going to go on about the beach as it is not part of the hotel review, but will only say that is Postcard Picture Perfect. We stayed in the Royal Club. While the Royal Club does allow you a certain private section on the beach with your own bar and patio, sun beds with actual mattresses and loungers with thick pads, it had the same nice white sandy beach as the rest of the regular hotel section. The Royal Club also has its own restaurant where you can go for breakfast, lunch and supper and all meals are a la carte. The food is excellent in the Royal Club restaurant, however the menu is somewhat limited and even if you did stay in the Royal Club, you most likely would not eat each meal at this particular restaurant. A lot of people have commented on the recent room renovations at this hotel. From our own personal experience 4 of the 6 travellers stayed in the Royal Club in building 19, rooms 19108 and 19102. The rooms were adequate and the beds were very comfortable, however the actual furniture was old and the bathrooms certainly needed to be remodelled (and yes, this was in the Royal Club). My parents however stayed in building 13 (which many people have been advising to stay away from). They were in room 13320 which is on the 3rd floor. Their room was much nicer than ours in the Royal Club. They had a huge bathroom with a large vanity (ours in the Royal Club was small). They had a bedroom area, and next to that they had a sitting area which was large enough for 2 high back wicker chairs, a small wicker table and their television. Next to that was the sliding door that took them out to their spacious patio which contained a plastic table and 2 plastic chairs). Since they were on the 3rd floor, they had a very high vaulted ceiling which gave the illusion of the room being even bigger than what it most likely was. There was one problem however with this particular room and that was that the toilet kept getting plugged and they needed to call in the repairman a few times to fix the problem, which in the end did not really get resolved, so be careful about that if you are booked into Room 13320. In the Royal Club (Room 19102) the patio door did not lock and there was a pin that you could push through the door to keep it in place but it was very hard to manoeuvre back in once it was removed, so we didn't bother opening the patio after the first attempt. In the Royal Club Room 19108 there wasn't even a chair to sit down on. While the Royal Club does have free internet, and a private check in and check out area (which we appreciated), I am not quite sure it is worth the extra money to upgrade to the Royal Club (however that would depend on your own personal preferences). In regards to the pictures and write ups you see in various travel magazines, take note that the Royal Club (offered by Air Canada) and the Premium Club (offered by Air Transat) are not the same package. People who book the Air Transat Premium Club do not stay in the Royal Club Area. The Premium Club does have its own separate beach area closer to the dive shop, and does have its own separate breakfast buffet area in the Home Rum snack bar (prior to the snack bar being opened), but people booking Air Transat Premium Club are not allowed in the Royal Club area or restaurant. My parents booked the Premium Club package and we booked the Royal Club package (and even when my parents called Air Transat who verified that it was the same package at the hotel) it was not. In regards to the a la carte restaurants, there are 4 in total, Mexican, Italian, Oriental and Brazilian. Many people have commented on how horrible the food is at these restaurants. We tried 3 of the 4 and did not go to the Brazilian restaurant, however we knew what to expect from the Brazilian restaurant and decided to pass on that one since a member of our group is a vegetarian. Keep in mind that when you go to these a la carte restaurants, they do not serve the typical Americanized style food you might expect. They serve more traditional cuisine which you might not be accustomed to. The Mexican restaurant at this hotel served similar dishes to that of the Mexican restaurant of the Sandos Caracol Hotel we stayed in near Playa del Carmen, and to that which was served in the Oasis Playa that we stayed at in Cancun. Try to keep this in mind if you do go to this hotel and book the a la carte restaurants. The Brazilian restaurant would be comparable to the Argentinian restaurant we went to at Sandos Caracol in Mexico and this is the restaurant you would go to if you are a meat eater, because after you get your salad, all that comes out afterwards is various platters of meat.There are 2 buffets that are offered at this restaurant. The main buffet is near the lobby and it is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We always found a good variety of food and contrary to what other people said, we found a good portion of the hot food to be hot. The 2nd buffet is near the beach and it is open later in the morning (closer to lunch and is open for a good portion of the afternoon). This is more casual and you can go into the buffet in your bathing suit, etc. There was a good selection of food in this restaurant as well.In regards to the evening entertainment, we took in all the shows during the week we were there. A lot of the shows that were performed while we were there, were those which contained a lot of singing and dancing. Each show was slighly different but after a week of singing and dancing similar dance moves, I can see why people might get the impression that the shows were boring. Perhaps if you go you might wish to take in only one or two of the shows, but again that would be personal preference. The actual shows were preceeded by some minor variety shows and the real shows actually start around 10:00 PM. If the evening shows are not your thing, there are always daily activities going on that you can get involved in.The main pool is spectacular!! A lot of people could not enjoy it however due to the chair saving that other people have discussed in their reviews. I am sure you get the picture on that one. I feel the hotel should adhere to their policy of no chair saving prior to 6:45 AM.In regards to the vacation salesman, we were approached on various occasions but all you need to do is say no gracias, or just keep walking away and they get the picture. Vacation salesmen or time share salesmen seem to be very common at a lot of hotels now, so unless you intend to book at a non All Inclusive resort, you will need to learn to ignore their requests for you to spend a few hours with them.All in all our group had a good time at this hotel. We could always find something to eat. We could always find something to drink. It was a good week of R  R which is what we went for. If you ask me if I would go back to this hotel, I would tell you no. This is not because we had a bad experience at this hotel, but it is because we like to try different things.I am giving this resort a 4 star rating because of its location on a picture postcard beach, because of its spectacular pool, because of the variety of restaurants you can go to, and because you could always find a bar to get a drink at.All in all the week spent here is 100% better than the week we could have spent in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>KatRN
<Content>Definitely would not return to the Occidental I was a guest at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana from February 15th-18th to attend a wedding. Fortunately, the wedding was lovely, and I was there with a group of fifty people, otherwise my experience at the hotel would have been a challenge to say the least. The service was varied. The front desk staff was not attentive at all, however I have nothing but praise for the restaurant staff - extremely hospitable.I arrived at the hotel at approximately 1pm, and my room was not ready until 6pm (despite the stated 3pm check in time) Luckily, I had friends that arrived one day prior, so I was able to store my belongings with them until my room was ready. Upon entering my room, I was disappointed to find that it was in extremely poor condition. Only 2 out of three dresser drawers opened, and the one that did, was coated with a sticky, unidentified substance. The lampshades were ripped, and it was soiled with what appeared to be coffee grinds. Showering was an adventure. There was no hot water for the duration of my stay at the hotel, which didn't bother me as much as the fact that there was virtually no water pressure. Considering the fact that I have long thick hair, it took me approximately 40 minutes to wash my hair, and I felt that I was never fully rinsed of soap for the entirety of my stay. I thought that it might be just my room, but due to the fact that I was attending a wedding, I saw approximately 15 other rooms that were equally in disrepair. The food was, for the most part, unpleasant. It never seemed fresh, and there was not much of a variety for lunch. On a different note, the taco's and pizza on the terrace level was very good. If you are going to have dinner, your best bet is La Hacienda. Order the steak, it was the best on the menu.The beach and pools at this hotel were stunning. Amazingly clean, and very relaxing. Punta Cana is extremely beautiful, as I have been here before, and I will definitely return. However, I would not return to the Occidental. I have been to both the Melia, and Barcelo Bavaro Beach, both of which live up to the four star rating.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>Scooter1970
<Content>Great location, great hotel       King size bed in room 24-230  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>mich7737
<Content>Very nice hotel! I stayed at the this hotel from February 17-24th with three of my friends. We are four females aged 20 and had a great experience. The airport was quick, and we found our bus easily. The ride to the hotel from the airport was about 30 minutes, not bad. We were checked in quickly and even though we requested two rooms side by side we were given 2 rooms in seperate buildings, but the rooms were nice so we didn't ask to be moved (the buildings were close together). The rooms were basic, but not dirty or old looking (buildings 12 and 13). High ceilings, nice king beds and decent cable.The food wasn't the best, i have been to Dominicain twice before and have had better food, but it was edible. Lots of different food, but you can always find food that will suit you (fries, tacos, pizza, pasta). Awesome pizza, its open until six in the morning. Good drinks, lots of variety. Beautiful beaches! Nice pools with a swim up bar. Clean. The grounds are gorgeous and constantly being cleaned. The language barrier wasn't too big of a problem, most of the workers could speak at least enough english to understand what you are trying to say, and you can understand them. The club Mangu is fun,however lots of locals, and expensive drinks but as long as you have drinks before you go you don't really even need to buy any there. Its free to get in and it has two levels, techno and hiphop ish. Anyways, overall the trip was really fun. The hotel was good for the price, lots of food and drinks. The beach is by far the best part. GORGEOUS. Not a cloud in the sky the entire trip (except late at night, a bit of rain). Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>anaWillemstad
<Content>Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       Pizzeria restaurant  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Helga56
<Content>Occidental Grand Punta Cana This was our first trip to the D.R. and we arrived at the airport to find the experience of check-in quite painless. We flew trough the passport check and got our luggage within 1/2 hour. The V.I.P. Travel Services found us, loaded the van and off we went to the Occidental Grand Flamengo. The front desk was very friendly and helped us with all of our requests. Johhnoy (sp) was the best! We decided to upgrade to the Royal level and moved our room the next day. Royal allows you top shelf liquor and private beach loungers area. It also includes one exculsive restaurant and private pool (rather small, but nice).Should we go back I'd not upgrade, as we hit all the other restaurants, buffets and bars which brought fabulous foods and excellent chatter. The pool bars are fun and you never had to go with an empty glass. Don't get me wrong...the Royal was nice, but the food was adverage and the some of the return people seemed to think they were in the Ritz and looked down their noses at the blue, green and other colored bands. Royal band color is red so you can't be served at the Royal Bar or restaurant with out it!!One family in particular were beach cabana hogs, circling the beach chairs with towels, shoes, sunscreen to reserve 6 - 8 lounges on the beach. Then would take the kids water floats they brought and get the loungers around the pool area so they could go from the beach to the pool and be assured their seats. That was really rude!! One area or the other would be unoccupied for hours and no one else could use the chairs. I'm sure they felt their U.S. N.Y. monies earned them that right. If they read this review they WILL know who they are.Thanks to new friends like Germany Christina  Rolff, a wonderful couple from Boston area (never did know their names) and Peter  Mallory we had fun watching weddings on the beach (four that my husband  I saw) playing in the surf and relaxing. Topless woman were seen on the beach, but I guess if you feel comfortable about sunbathing topless...go for it! Believe me there were some things one shouldn't see...good grief!Not really sure I'd go back as it was very children friendly. I'd rather have more adult entertainment earlier in the evenings. They really had show involvement for the kids from about 7:30 to 9:00 p.m which got boring, but it was great for families. All in all we were there to relax, get sun and meet new people. We are not picky and enjoy the go with the flow attitude. Language was not a problem either. It is nice if you try to speak spanish and show them that you are trying to learn their language. It got my husband and I along quite nicely with the staff.Hints: Take Probiotics with you in help ward off any intestinal bugs. We never had any problems with food illness or really pushy Vacation Club Staff (Time Share is what some call it).Oh yes...watch out for the drink Mamajuana You don't want to drink too much of that stuff. They promote it and I saw a bunch of guys get really sick/drunk on it! Mucho Grande!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NB-Advisor
<Content>Good time but Hotel PROMOTERS are a PAIN..... Beware of the Occidental Promoters , they are not selling Time Shares, but close to it. They gather around the main walkway to the buffet and approach you for conversation. Something like walking on a used car lot. I was calling them Sharks by the way they looked for their prey.. Mention them in you departure survey they ask you to complete prior to leaving...   You have to make it very clear to them you are not interested in attending a presentation. The problem is there were approx 20 in total. So you were continually being approached. They are selling Weeks at Occidental properties. I heard the cost is upwards of $40,000.   Our room upon arrival was on the ground floor of Building # 24 and it was very musty. I think most on the ground floor were smelly as well. I heard other people complaining. We were moved to the third floor after 2 days.   Our room was fine. Service was acceptable in the room. No fancy flowers or towel sculptures on the bed. We had a concierge on the second floor. Nice guy but he wouldn't be able to order lunch in English at MacDonalds. Not sure why he was there?? Our Transat reps were fine Andre and Lucy ,both Quebecers. They liked other Quebecers and gave them more time.  Make sure you get a safe lock upon check-in. they Cost $15 / week. I don't think they have enough for every room. I had to go back 3 times to get mine. Beach was very nice , but windy. They say it is like that in the winter. The reserved Transat area on the Beach is very small considering that possibly a third or more of the Hotel are Transat customers.  No complaints about the food. Lots of Variety everywhere. Very nice buffet at the beach.  There were people selling anything on the beach, cigars, parasailing rides etc... non-stop..  For Parasailing, deal with the Sea-Pro guys on the resort. And dicker for a better price. We went parasailing for $60 / couple. They wanted $90 / couple. See Julio for a deal.Kirby gives catamaran lessons in the morning. Real nice guy. Or his brother Luis. They also do the Banana Boat rides $10 per person.Shows were very good. We took advantage of the free 1/2 hour horseback riding. They will try to up-sell you more time...It was a very bumpy 30 minute drive to switch trucks and go for another 15 minute drive to the stables. Once there it was nice. You get to see the counrty side etc..  Everything you do in Punta Cana someone is taking your picture and will sell it to you...  The a la cartes, were very good. There are only 4 not 5.Brazillian, Oriental, Mexican and Italian.In the evening they have a pizza and a Taco stand .  Once or twice a week vendors come to the resort and set up, so there is no need to go looking for shops. Ask the hotel when they will be there. We went to the plaza 5 min walk. What a pain, everyone wanted to play drag the stupid tourist into their store to buy stuff.  We found an internet store Claro straight out from the resort. $4 per hour. At the hotel they wanted $7 per half hour. $ 12 / per hour.  It is a four star resort.  Do Not Call home collect, a friend of ours did twice, back to Canada. Her Aliant (Bell) bill was $57 for 12 Minutes and the other was over $50 for 10 minutes.  We didn't go to Maniti park, however our friends did and really enjoyed it. $30 per adult and you could stay there for the whole day. Shuttles every few hours... Research ALL of the excursions available , remember your rep is making money off of anything he sells and may favor certain trips due to the commissions. We did the Tropical Storm, daytime trip $84. It was worth it we had fun. The resort is somewhat understaffed.  Remember to tip the beach and pool bar guys. They don't get many tips especially the pool bar guy.  We went to the Disco , you get in for free however you pay for drinks, Beer $6.00 cocktails were $7.00. Needless to say we only stayed for one drink.. T here is a free shuttle to the Plaza Palmareal (spelling) and you have to ask about it. Very expensive mall. They have a Hard Rock Cafe there and Tony Roma's .  Our Canjet flight down was fine however No music headphones or movie. Transat on the way back was much better.We would go back and would recomend it to friends.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>TorontoSnorkelQueen
<Content>Hmmmmmmmm....Interesting My husband, three year old and I just returned from Punta Cana tonight. So ends an interesting week.We flew to the Dominican, for our 2nd visit, on Valentine's Day. We had a private vehicle pick us up at the airport and arrived quite quickly. Check-in was quick and we were given a very nice room. The room was a suite which we appreciated, with a lovely double balcony. We had a king sized bed, though the promised bed for the baby never showed up. The in-room mini bar had bottles of water, diet and regular pepsi and 7 up. There was absolutely no alcohol in the rooms, which was neither here nor there for us, though it was billed as having liquor in the rooms. The Occidental facility in Cozumel does provide alcohol in the room, in addition to a complimentary fruit basket (highly recommended - that facility - Allegro Cozumel).The rooms in Building 18 do need renovations - the furniture is old and breaking apart (personal experience), there are cracks in the ceiling and walls, water marks on the walls, leaking in the bathrooms, the couch needed new cushions (the floor was comfortable by comparison). We did appreciate the extra space provided by a suite with a seperate dining/ living area and two televisions when a little someone wanted to watch Dora. The staff - Antonio did keep the room quite clean, but he could only do so much. Staff was attentive and quick to send more bedding when my daughter got sick (unrelated to any food issues) all over the sheets. The bathrooms do need to have the little amenities found normally in a hotel of this calibre - hair conditioner, body lotion. They did however offer an emory board and hair comb....The hotel needs to pay attention to the little details such as ensuring locks work, curtains are attached to their hooks, knobs are replaced on drawers, shampoo dispensers that work and don't break off almost slicing open one's foot, etc. The staff in Le Buffet restaurant were exceptional, from the hostesses to the floor manager to the guys replacing the trays of food. Special mention to Robinson, the waiter who took to us from Day 1, and vice versa. We became fast friends bonding over sporting debates. He anticipated our needs from coffee to drinks to refills to takeout plates for food when my husband was under the weather and unable to attend the restaurant. His wonderful smile and upbeat personality will be missed.All of the staff at the hotel treated our daughter like a Princess, (what more can a parent ask for) and we watched her blossom even more under their attention as she flaunted her new Spanish words. The Dominicans do love children, and all stopped to say a word to her, every hour of every day we were outside, from the gardeners to the pool men to the laundry guy to the bell boys. She loved all the attention and even arbitrarily changing the prounounciation of her name from a French version to the Spanish version, whenever she was asked what her name was.The food was good and plentiful. It may not be as hot as one would like and I would recommend them installing a microwave for those tourists who wish hotter food. Saw it at a buffet in Cuba - great idea and much used. The breakfast buffet offering of made to order omelettes and pancakes were scrumptious. Their fruit punch, passion fruit juice and orange juice were DELICIOUS. The made to your specs pasta station was great for our daughter, who while she is not picky, does like a hot pasta dish. Beef tends to be tough in our experience (must have full set of one's own teeth and some extra time to chew), pork chops and fish can't miss. Chicken was always good. We tried the Mexican restaurant - it rated a 7/10 for us - having been to Mexico, it is a pale facsimile. The all-night pizza place was wonderful - many types of pizzas to choose from, baked in a brick oven. One can't go wrong with a hot cheesy pizza at midnight. (the three of us slept through dinner). A recommendation would be to keep the drink machines on all night at the pizza place as it is inconvenient if one wants a drink to accompany the pizza, to schlep to the front of the hotel, to the only open bar after midnight, to get drinks. The machine only dispenses pop so there should be no loss to the hotel.One thing we would recommend from travelling to many of the Spanish speaking Caribbean islands and Mexico. The staff are hard-working and pleasant, in all the locations we have visiting (barring one or two), particularly considering the behaviour and attitudes of some of the tourists they have to deal with. They are grossly underpaid for the long hours and stresses they operate under. One should not read literally into the term all-inclusive. The tips and gratuities they claim are in your package don't trickle down to the real workers. We always change $50-$75 into U.S. $1.00 bills to tip with.(changed over a three week period as most money exchange places don't want to give up that many ones in a shot). We use this to tip during the week. We read in a previous posting years ago and it has stood us in good stead. Note, the staff will treat you well, whether you tip or not (most people don't tip - 85%) but when you do, you do rise to Royal Club standards, without the costs. We were feted like royalty - whether the word got around or not, we don't question it because you get back what you give. We treat all staff respectfully as we would want to be treated and reward their hardwork and attentiveness to the detriment of their own families as they spend 12-16 hours a day working from the hotel. A big problem they must address is the inconsiderate use of towels by fellow tourists to block off seating around the pools and on the beaches, particularly seating under the little shady tree huts. I am on holiday and should not have to get up at 0700 hrs after going to bed around midnight at the end of their entertainment show, just to get a place to sun. We watched hour after hour as several choice locations sat un-used by nothing more than a pair of thotel towels. By day three, I had enough. I moved said towels and set up a spot for my daughter and I, daring anyone to speak up by my demeanor, particularly after I had watched these loungers sit idle for over an hour as their owners went shopping, ate lunch, took naps in the room, etc. Hell, no....We didn't pay big bucks to wait and hope to have a little shade to retreat to when the noon day sun got too much, particularly with a little one. WE saw numerous tourists who came to the pool, walk away when it appeared there was no place to sun or get a break from the sun. My husband knew my dander was up and just gave me my space when it came to this issue. I moved towels three different days, spent an average of two plus hours enjoying ourselves at the pool, with no one coming to claim the towels. When we decided to have lunch, we gave up our seats willingly, not to the original owners of the towels but another family who came along, with their elderly parents looking for a place of sun and shade. We were paying it forward, in the name of justice and fairness. I can't believe people do this, particularly using the hotel towels, which if lost can cost up to $35 U.S. If one wants reserved seats, pay for the Royal Club otherwise first come, first served with the rest of the commoners, the operative word being come. You can reserve with your physical body, not a towel or a magazine or an old t-shirt. Okay, that rant is overAs usual, the sharks do circle you as soon as you step out of the restaurant. I mean those who wish to sell you a part of the Vacation Club, Royal Club, timeshare, whatever the term is. We watched couple after couple hounded by these men who speak numerous languages, in an attempt to get you to attend the presentation. They don't seem to comprehend that we are there to relax and enjoy the sun, not sit in a room listening to a sales pitch. If we like a place that much, we would make the inquiries ourselves. We were even approached on the beach twice, once by an Occidental Rep. and once by a competitor from Sol Melia (hotel further down the strip). We were polite (barely) but firm, and word got out because we were not approached again. In my humble opinion, for value for dollars, last minute or off-peak booking gets you a better deal every time. What they offer you is the use of a room, not always renovated, for one week a year. You still pay for airfare and if you want the all-inclusive meal package, which when totalled can amount to the same, usually more than if you purchased the same trip, during the low season or on special. As a veteran of these presentations, do your own research before, and always give yourself a day to think it over. Never sign the same day, no matter what the incentive.The only major disappointment of this stay was the beach. When we travel to locations, it is for the beaches. Cayo Coco can't be beat. Cozumel and the West Shore of Barbados are close behind. Even the former Allegro Punta Cana provided a better beach. This beach at the Flamenco is huge, however five of seven days, the beach was pounded by waves. The water did not provide great snorkelling and was not inviting. Very rarely did we see more than 6-10 people in the water at any given time which is un-heard of. In Cuba, at a smaller hotel but beach of comparable size, they were no less than 30-40 people in the water at a time. Of the 14 beaches we have visited throughout Mexico and the Caribbean, including three other facilities in the Dominican, sadly this rates as number 14. If you go to the beach to walk or to jog, from end to end, this is a good walking beach.All in all, it was a restful vacation - a good idea was to keep all the action at the front of the hotel (disco, all night bar) so you don't hear alot of the drunken revelry. We got alot of sleep, met great people (staff and tourists), ate good food. Would we go back to this facility - NO. We follow the water and great clear snorkelling beaches. Good companionship and full bellies is not enough. There are other locations where you can get more for your money. The Occidental Grand Flamenco should actually just be called the Occidental Flamenco, as it seems to be replacing the former 3 star, Occidental Punta Cana.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>Crackers
<Content>Not a 4.5 star We were a group of 23 people heading out on an amazing vacation. we did have a great time because we were with each other and always have a great time. I have travelled over 8 times to the carribean and must say I was disappointed with the resort. The one thing I found the hardest is that no one speaks english, unless of course you are a timeshare salesmen. they seem to be fine. Staff worked very hard and tried to keep up with everyones demands. We even found ourselves defending the bartender at the pool bar when folks started to complain. He was great. Food was really good in the buffet, ala carte disappointing. I am a wine drinker and wow was I disappointed, dont get me wrong they have good wine but you need to pay for it. Broke down one night and bought a bottle, ouch. Rooms very old, and I had a renovated one. they dont clean your room everyday, they make the bed, restock supplies, sometimes.... had to ask for water and towels. Tub was getting pretty bad by the time we left with sand. Beach is absoulutely beautiful. We had the best time on the beach. If you are open minded and not expecting the best you will have a great time. It is not however a 4.5 star, at most a 3.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>HappyTraveller007Uk
<Content>Good Hotel Great rooms and good standard of hotel . Wonderful pool area. Nice food . Excellent beach location.Bit of a problem when water went off a couple of times .Toilets became very dirty very quickly as you'd expect.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cd-travels
<Content>beaches are pure beauty, hotel in need of repair       hotel pool  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jesse_Mer
<Content>Beware of this hotel..you may not get what you paid for! I am trying to be very politically correct, however, my vacation at this resort leaves me with very little room to do so. It all started when I arrived at this resort on Feb. 7, 2008 at around 2 p.m. I was told after about a 20 minute wait at the reception desk, that there seemed to be a problem, and that the hotel was overbooked, however, they had a very nice room for me. As I was shown the room, in the edifficio 11 (bldg 11), I was surprised to see this dilapidated room, with only one king size bed (and I happened to be on vacation with my mother, we are ages 36  54, so sleeping together was not an option), a strange bug spray/mold odor, and bathroom that appeared to be falling apart. Now I suppose this would work for some, however, I was paid for and booked in the Royal Club (a.k.a. VIP section of this hotel, that is much higher priced than the regular room rate), specifically pre-requested a room in the RC with 2 beds and a non-smoking Ocean View Deluxe room. Long story short, I was repeatedly told that my Royal Club room would be available the next night, and had to be moved to 4 different rooms before a somewhat decent sleeping area was arraigned (edifficio 24, a very nice bldg, however, since half of the hotel is being upgraded, stay away from bldgs, 11, 13, and 14..try to request something in the 20's if your not going to the Royal Club) and after many heated discussion with management (Metz was the mgr at the main lobby, who was tolerant but not very helpful initially)...at 11 p.m. I was finally able to settle into the temporary room. The food is horrible, the staff is incredibly rude (except for Albert from the beach bar at the Royal Club, and one of the recp. at the Royal Club reception..I believe her name was Juana). If your going to this resort, have low expectations, bring lots of singles (ATM in the main lobby does not advertise the fees charged which is $5 US per transaction + a 3-4% additional fee based on the amount of money withdrawn), and bring extra toiletries, as they tend to sell common products at ridiculously expensive prices, and if you can buy international calling cards at home, do so, as I paid $20 US dollars for one that I was told had 20 minutes of airtime (don't forget the resorts fee of $2 US for each connection to place a call), and the card only had 12 minutes on it! Also, don't forget the bug spray, especially in the evening and at night. Finally, after all of the stress upon my arrival, and some fighting for some kind of compensation (which was an upgrade to a 3rd Flr. Oceanview Suite in the Royal Club, and a bottle of champagne, and two 30 min. massages, which we had to repeatedly ask for), your best bet is to stay somewhere else. I am still awaiting my reimbursement for one day that we were not in the RC. I won't be back to this hotel, ever! If your staying at this hotel, hopefully you've splurged for the Royal Club, or you may be even more disappointed than I was!The most positive thing I can say is Club Mangu (located right outside of the hotel property) on Friday and Saturday night was the most fun of my entire vacation!!! Stay elsewhere, but def. hit Club Mangu!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>karenexit
<Content>Resort was disappointing/overworked staff Travelled February 9-17 /08 My experience was fabulous but only because of the 23 people we were with. We made the best of it and had a great time. I had stayed at Sunscape the Beach the previous two years and you didn't need Royal Club at that resort, everyone was Royal.My biggest complaint are the rooms and the understaffing. The pool bar had one poor guy trying to handle it all day and very little help. You didn't get a chance to mingle with the staff which was a lot of fun our last two years. Entertainment was lousy and the disco opened at midnight and you had to pay $6 a beer. The food was good, the beach was nice but understaffed once again. The rooms were never cleaned that great, couldn't get beer for the fridge and had a hard time getting an extra coffee. All of the people with me agreed that this was by far only at max a 3 star resort. I was disappointed it was Air Canada recommended because that is one of the reasons we chose it. I would never go back to this resort ever again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>ONSLOW44
<Content>Beware I Just Returned From My First Trip To The Dominican.The Resot Was Beautiful, The Food Was Ok, But My Problem Was With Several Male Employees, Especially The Ones Working The Beach Area And The Ones Who Were Soliciting The Vacation Club, Constantly Made Sexual Advances Toward My 18 Year Old Granddaughter. Even After Repeatingly Asking Them To Stop It Did No Good. Trying To Get Satisfaction From Guest Services And Other Staff Members Was Useless. This Was My First And Last Trip To The Dominican.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	1	1	3	

<Author>FreezerQueen
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised       A day at the Beach  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>momplus3boys
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!!! We returned from Punta Cana on Jan 24/08 and couldn't have asked for a much better vacation. The resort was beautiful - well groomed and very clean. The people were very friendly and warm. The food was well varied and readily available and the rum was delicious - yum! Our room was in a building fairly close to the beach, was always well kept and spacious (a junior suite). Although we did have a slight problem with some leakage during a rainstorm - nothing serious that in any way inconvienienced us - just some leakage that ran down the wall from an a/c vent. The beach was unbelievable!! We talked with some other people who were staying at a much more expensive resort and they could only complain about their beach because although it extended the full length of their resort - it was only about 6' wide. Our beach was huge! Probably about 40' wide and 300' long with plenty of chairs for everybody! The night life could use some work though - we saw a few shows and I must say the Michael Jackson impersonation was sensational and very well done! I think you maybe needed a special appreciation for the other shows as they were mostly interpretive dance. Other than that and a small casino there was really very little to do at night. On two occassions the resort allowed vendors to set up tables in the courtyard to pedal their wares. This was nice as they didn't seem quite as aggressive as they were if you walked down the beach to their huts - and the stuff for sale is all the same. I have to say I was surprised at how horribly expensive things were in the stores (where you couldn't barter). I needed a couple of essentials like body lotion, more sunscreen and hair conditioner (nothing designer - very plain jane), and for the smallest quantities available the bill came to $43 US!! So be sure to bring enough so you don't run out! If I could offer a few tips I would say to 1)request a room on the second floor as I can see where the planked roofing would pose a leakage problem 2) Ensure you bring enough of the basics 3)Ask for rum in your tropical drinks - if you don't, they assume you want a virgin drink and if you do they are VERY generous with the booze. 4)Tip appropriately - these people live on tips - bartenders make $1/hr only 5) Do not only tip your maid, but bring some stickers, coloring books and crayons etc. for their children - these girls work 16hrs/day and their hubbies bring the kids in to be able to see their Moms', and with the wages they make you can bet their kids get nothing like this. All in all this hotel is very good value for your money and I would be very happy to return again - this time with my children, although I'm sure my 13yr old would walk around with his jaw dropped most of the time due to all the topless sunbathing! One other thing of note is the room safes - they are not broken! you need to purchase the actual lock that fits in the hole. We didn't bother with this and had no problem at all. The vacation reps will tell you that there has NEVER been a theft at this hotel. So don't worry about the negative reviews unless you're someone who expects absolute luxury. But if you are average middle-class person you will find this resort to be much more than just adequate.Tami of Edmonton  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>1	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>JERSEY714
<Content>Vacation nightmare - toxic rooms 2/17/2008To Occidental Grand Flamenco Management:We recently vacationed at Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana and we booked the Romantic Vacation package from 2/9 - 2/16. The purpose of letter is to describe our romantic vacation nightmare on your property. In addition, we want to know how we going to be compensated for the worst vacation we have been on?Upon our arrival on 2/9, the nightmare vacation began: We waiting on line to register with the hotel and when we finally were able to register, registration could not find our reservation. After many minutes, registration found our reservation and we were told the room was not ready to come back 30 minutes. We waiting on line an addition 2x before our room was ready. We asked for 2 keys and we were told 鈥極h No鈥?we only have 1 key. We asked a bellman to help with the luggage and bring us to the room. And we were told 鈥極h No鈥? which was the beginning of many 鈥極h No鈥檚鈥? Therefore, we dragged our luggage, found building 22-225, and carried our bags up a flight of stairs to our room. Room 22-225 was a toxic and unhealthy room and I came home from vacation sick. Here are some of the situations that we found with this room: Room was toxic with mildew and moldRoom was not readyNo sheets on the bedNo towels in bathroomToilet brokenRomantic package was not immediately providedNo coffee potNo lock on safeNo remote control for TVI called the front desk and complained and within a few minuets, some one came and put clean sheets and dirty blankets on the bed and floor mats were delivered as towels. When I asked about the coffee pot, they told me it was in the refrigerator. After complaining on the phone and little action was taken, we went to the lobby. Once again had to wait on a line and ask for a manager, his name was Mintz. We gave him a list of our problems and asked if we could be switch to another room and his response was 鈥極h No鈥?you will need to speak to your VIP representative tomorrow morning at 9:30am. We spent our entire first day in the lobby. Day 2 we have to take ice cold shower since there was no hot water and could not flush the toilet. On our way out the door to meet our representative, we walk into a flood in the hallway from the room across the way. We meet Wendy our reprehensive from VIP at 9:30 in the lobby for orientation. We give her a list of problems and she stated they would be fixed by 4pm. If they are not fixed we wanted to be switched to a healthy room or another hotel. After meeting with Wendy we had to get back on line to get a lock for the safe in the room only to be told 鈥極h No鈥?we have none left. Then we had to move to guess services and wait on another line to get vouchers for our Romantic Package. By the time we left the lobby it was close to 12noon. We spend our first day and half of our second day in the lobby.A day or two later it rained in the evening and the room across the way had rain pouring down in their closet. Needless to say, the guests were very upset. Maintenance knocks on our door at 10:30pm to see if your room had rained. This was the beginning scene every night there after, Walkie Talkies screeching, people yelling and moving the vacationers out of the room. And guess what鈥?the next day they would put more guests in this room only for it to happen repeatedly. Every night was disrupted with guest being upset because it was raining in there room. There was not one night were we got a good night sleep. On Valentines Day we received our Romantic Massage that was just 30 minutes long. Later on that day the water on the property was turn off from 1pm to 6pm. There was no running water anywhere. This was the day of our Romantic dinner in the Steak restaurant that was another joke. They put us at a table right next to the kitchen, were waiters were coming in and out. What a disappointment. This vacation was very stressful, not to mention the room was toxic. We came back more stressed out then when we left and have sinus infection due to the mold and mildew in the room. We would like to be compensated for this vacation! We would like a monetary refund or another vacation at your expense at a different property.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>badgerhole
<Content>Great time Stayed here from Feb 8-15 and had a great time. We enjoyed the beach area the most, sand and water were wonderful. We were in the Royal Club and the service was good. The wait times for some meals seemed a little long but then we were on holidays and told ourselves to just relax a Dominican minute. Walked down the beach in both directions and think this resort had the best beach area. Did not spend much time in pools as we enjoyed the beach so much. Had meals at the buffets and found the food to quite enjoyable. The only average food we had was at the Iatian rest, the wine also was quite poor. Overall we would go back to this resort again but with so many other places to see.....maybe Costa Rica or Aruba or Belize or who knows where. Our room was kept clean throughout our stay and the only problem was water was shut off on the resort for 4 hours one day.Had a great and met many friendly people from around the world but a special hello to Ward and Linda, Biggsy and Yawney, Paul and Pam. Please remember to tip when you enjoy the friendly service, such as Stanley and Albert on the beach and Francisco in the restaurant.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>roadrunner1968
<Content>If this is Paradise I died and went to hell! Arrived 2/11/08 at 1:20 PM. Rooms weren't ready until 3:30 Pm. Grounds are nice, pools and beaches excellent. Don't even think about getting into the upscale eateries unless you sit through 3 hours of time share BS, starting at $37950.00 financed @ 12%. No one except the sales leaches speaks English. No matter what you ask for (peanut butter, Mayo, or beach towels) you'll get a bottle of water. Buffet is fair to poor. It's no wonder so many people in the DR are hungery, they refuse to eat here. The drinks they serve are mainly frozen mixes with watered down 30 proof rum. Take plenty of $1.00's for tips. They can't breal a bill above a $5.00. So unless your Trump, take the dollar bills for tips. The shops are rip off's selling poor qualty rum, trinkets and sundries at way above average cost. The Pizziaria is excellent but after 3 days even Papa John would be sick of it. Also watch Apple Vacations. A bigger rip off artist then this joint. If your looking for less then quality and over charging you'll love the Occidental. Lodst power and water for 3 hours 2/14/08. I'll never go back!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>drsoos
<Content>Expect the worst and hope for the best!! We are 2 30 year old females from NYC traveling for 5 days for rr. The trip total with airfare and insurance came to about $800 each. Great price, 3 hour flight. We were looking for the best price possible, and were not to worried about the rooms since we knew we wouldn't be in the room a lot. If I was traveling with my husband I would stay in a nicer, better reviewed hotel. The nicer hotels were pricing out about $1200 pp, so this was a much better deal for us. The hotel was ok. The pool was great, the buffet was good. The resturaunts were yuck, except for the tacos and pizza. Home Rum wasn't bad for junk food. The drinks were not so hot. They don't know how to mix drinks, and put grenadine in everything! The coco locos were great (but 5000 calories) and the Presidente beer is good. Staff was great to us, spoke English, but we spoke some Spanish to them. Learn some Spanish phrases before you go. It's so rude to just start speaking English to someone in a Spanish speaking country. If anything, learn to say Hello, do you speak English? All of the male staff was in love with my friend and I, so if you are females going beware! They were harmless (we think) but be very careful. I think in a better hotel they would frown upon the staff flirting with the guests.Room was not great but the AC worked well, the maids cleaned everyday, and when they forgot to leave towels they brought them up right away. We had no problems except that the room wasn't really pretty. It wasn't disgusting...Beach is so incrediable!! The highlight of the trip. We went snorkling through the hotels service. It was $25pp and they took us to a reef. Very fun, 1 1/2 hours, not too many types of fish but we enjoyed it very much.We heard the excursions in PC aren't really worth it. It takes a long time on a bus to get anywhere and then the excursions themselves are not that great. PC is great is you just want to hang on the beach, but no do much else. That is why is it is so much cheaper than the other islands in the Carribean. Overall I will go back to PC but I think I will try a nicer hotel next time. We did have a great time, the Occidental was enjoyable.Have a great time in PC!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>TRINISPA
<Content>Average       By the pool  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>radanyc
<Content>Wins the first prize for bad service! We all know that Dominican Republic is probably the cheapest vacation spot in the Caribbean and the service is not that great so I didn鈥檛 expect to be treated like a queen for a price tag of $1,500 for an all inclusive 7-day vacation. It was my 3rd time in Punta Cana but it is my first time ever writing a vacation review 鈥?I want people to know what to expect if God forbid they decide to go to that resort. You get a feeling that there is no one in charge there and no one cares. When you have a problem (and prepare yourself to have many) most likely it won鈥檛 be resolved and/or escalated. If you will have a problem like we did in our room when we got to our room at midnight one nigh and it still hasn鈥檛 been cleaned, don鈥檛 bother calling the font desk 鈥?you will always get a busy signal and will have to redial for 10-15 minutes before finally getting through. You tell the front desk that your room is still dirty and you have no towels and no water they ask you what it is that you want them to do about it. You ask them to send someone to clean the room. 30 minutes later it鈥檚 12:30 AM and still no one comes. You call again and get a busy signal again and then 10 minutes later you get through and repeat your request. Another 30 minutes later someone shows up with bed sheets but no towels. The towel trip takes another 20 minutes鈥?At about 2:30 AM you finally go to sleep.Some rooms are very old and that鈥檚 where the hotel will try to put you. You will experience nasty smell in your room (public bathroom-like), old bed covers, non-working air conditioner, non-working ceiling fan, non-working shower. Then you immediately try to change your room. Everyone does but there are only so many 鈥渞enovated鈥?rooms (a bit better than the old ones). You will go to front desk and they will smile and say 鈥渟orry but there is nothing we can do about it. We have no other rooms鈥? Then of course you tell them that it鈥檚 impossible to be in the room with no air conditioner, no shower, etc. And again, they will smile and say 鈥渟orry but there are no other rooms鈥? As you鈥檙e very well-trained in the US, you ask the front desk clerk if you can speak with the manager. Sure you can, the manager will be back in 2 days and there is no one else in the meantime.It鈥檚 funny to tell these stories now but when you鈥檙e there and you just want to be comfortable and relax, it鈥檚 really frustrating to go through all that.These are just two examples of endless frustrations that we experienced for 7 days of our stay. Here are some more examples:- Food in the restaurants is not eatable 鈥?whatever you do, just stick to the buffet.- But there is only one buffet for the whole resort so prepare to stand in lines to get to your breakfast and dinner with 30 -40 people in front of you. - Shortage of towels on the beach (forget about getting a towel after 3 PM)- Nightly entertainment is鈥?bad which is also frustrating because there is nothing to do in the evenings.- You have to pay additional for the safe key ($15) 鈥?do it when you check in as someone was robbed during our stay at the hotel while they were in the room taking a shower!. - Don鈥檛 stay on the first floor because again you might get robbed if you forget to lock your balcony door one night.- Towels in the room are very worn out- Bring hair conditioner and body lotion with you because the hotel only provides shampoo and bath gel. You might want to bring those too because we ran out once and had to go through hell to get more shampoo (the bath gel never showed up so had to use soap).Overall, I strongly recommend not choosing that resort when traveling to Punta Cana because from looking at the amount of frustrated people daily at the front desk of the hotel I figure we weren鈥檛 the only ones.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grisha44
<Content>Not worth the Headache (or the stomach ache) This was not my first trip to Punta Cana, and I have stayed at numerous all inclusive resorts before. Prior to my arrival I took the time to read several reviews on tripadvisor and I had an idea going in that I should not expect top line service. I am a pretty easy going person and entered this vacation with every intent to take any inconveniences in stride.... Unfortunately, my vacation was filled with too many inconveniences for me to maintain my optimistic attitude. When i left the hotel on my bus, bound for the airport, a funny feeling hit me. A feeling that was unfamiliar to me - out of all the vacations i have been on and all the resorts i have stayed at - this feeling was new... after a few minutes I realized what it was - I was actually happy to leave the resort and get back to NYC. Usually I do not look forward to leaving the beautiful waters and weather of the caribbean for the winter of the northeast, but this is exactly how i felt - Happy to leave. My complaints, in no particular order:- a la carte restaurants were awful- buffet, while better than the other restaurants, left my party and i with bathroom issues- speaking of the bathroom - my toilet broke 3x while there (others in my group had their toilet break)- my shower had no pressure and got luke warm at best (others in my party had shower issues as well, of different varieties)- bartenders, while working hard, definately served spanish speaking guests first- management was not helpful at all, in any circumstance (our rooms weren't ready when we arrived, we had false room charges, i asked REPEATEDLY if they would have any special showing/setup for hte superbowl, and after repeatedly being told no - i find out that one of hte bars had a projector screen set up)- I am positive the staff was talking about me (not behind my back, in front of my face)- we hired a band to play music for my mothers birthday - the manager of the restaurant interrupted them in the middle of hte song to tell them to leave- the staff has a general lackadaisical attitude - they don't seem to mind if there is a line of ppl waiting to be served food or drink or whatnot, they will still take their sweet time- the weight room was completely outdated and small- the hoop at the basketball court was uneven, very uneven- i was very excited at the prospect of windsurfing, i waited for a nice windy day, and was not allowed to windsurf because their equipment was only for beginnersto be fair there are some nice things to say as well- the club mangu was quite fun and was packed every night - the beach and water were both beautiful- the rooms were spacious- the frozen lemonades were great- the layout of the entire hotel was spacious and we always were able to find ample space to congregate (we were a party of 16)- the late night pizza was actually worth the wait  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>3L
<Content>Good value for 3-star You get what you pay for -- the Occidental is a 3-star facility, no more. Everything except the beach (which is beautiful) is average. This was our first time in the DR and would go back to a smaller, higher-rated hotel. We felt it was good value for the price paid.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>d81976
<Content>Terrilbe/Non-Existent Management is the Downfall of the Hotel My wife and I have been to the Domican Republic several times before, and even got engaged there, so I feel we have a good sense of what can be expected in this country. In fact, we had a soft spot for the DR. We were on a family trip this time, celebrating an aunt and uncles 25th anniversary with both our parents and siblings. The Occidental has some positives, but overall our experience had so many negative aspects to it that I doubt we will ever return to the Dominican. I will start with the positives:The hotel layout is nice, the staff does a good job of keeping things clean.The bartenders do an admirable job of hustling despite the fact very few people tipThe late night pizza (available until 6 am) was surprisingly goodThe club Mangu is by far the most happening club we had ever seen in the DR Sadly - On to the negativesThe first problem we encountered was with the quality of our room. Our room had 2 twin beds pushed together (rather than a king which would be more appropriate for a married couple), non functional AC, a non functional fan, and a shower that was better described as a slow drip that alternated between ice cold and scaldingly hot. We were pretty miserable this first night, since neither the AC nor the fan worked. We subsequently found out we had been allocated a non renovated room. The rest of our group had all been allocated renovated rooms. Getting moved to a renovated room ended up being a major challenge. We kept being informed a manager was not around and they could not move us without approval from one of them, Finally, when a manager did arrive the nect morning, he tried to stay back in his office and have the reception attendant try to pass messages back and forth. It made us feel ridiculous. We insisted on speaking to the manager directly. He tried to say the resort was full, which was a complete lie (later we found out they were at 60% capacity), and that no renovated rooms were available. This was after seeing many many people wheeling suitcases from all the different buildings all over the resort that morning to check out. Finally, after 3 more trips to the reception culminating with asking for a meeting with the General Manager, a renovated room finally magically appeared for us. There really was no reason for the situation to get to this point, however. Given there were 4 problems with our room and there were plenty of rooms available, we should have been moved immediately. Our experience with the management on this issue, or lack of since the managers were rarely available, was repeated in other scenarios several times over the remainder of the trip.The staff often has a stop bothering us, we are just chilling attitude. For example, the day before we left I was trying to find out what time our bus would pick us up for the airport. I was informed I had to speak to the person that coordinated the bus, and that they were currently in the back of the lobby. I went to try to find them, they were not there. When I told this to the rep at the front desk, I was told they might be at the theatre now, but in any case would be around the property for a couple more hours and I should just wander around trying to find them. This was pretty annoying the day before we had to leave, and I wanted to get back to the beach. I asked them to just find the person coordinating the bus themselves, or make a phone call to find out the bus time and just send a message to our room with the time. Although this experience was not so terrible in its own right, I think it just shows the pervasive attitude of the staff.There was a constant stream of people complaining about various things at the front desk, which created a negative atmosphere and quickly eroded our confidence in how things were being run. The food is not good. A consensus quickly emerged that the buffet was the best choice (as opposed to the specialty restaurants). It was an interesting phenomenon to see all the restaurants nearly empty but a line out the door for the buffet. Most of us had issues in the bathroom from the second day onward.The reception staff, and lack of constant manager presence, leaves guests with the impression there is nobody to turn to about problems. A quick example here, I was working out in the fitness room one afternoon. The employee on duty approached me and asked me where I was from, after which he told me that God was number one for him and asked where he ranked for me. He then told me he was a Christian, etc. I was a bit at a loss at how to respond but I just smiled and returned to my workout. After this exchange he proceeded to go to the corner of the fitness room and chanting various prayers at the top of his voice I Spiritu Sankti, etc. This went on for the next 20 minutes of my workout. After the earlier frustrations at the front desk, I thought if I told them this story they would just laugh about their funny colleague, so I never ever bothered to tell anybody about it. Another negative was the quality of the nighttime entertainment. We actually had very low expectations from our previous trips. However, the Occidental took things to a new low. For example, one night the MC spent 45 minutes playing the I am thinking of a number between 75 and 95 game and then 120 - 140 after the first one was guessed and so on and so on. We had a problem with the staff ignoring the do not disturb signs. Twice, they walked on on us taking a nap.A final issue I will discuss is not completely the hotels fault, although they played a role. We asked at the concierge how we could book deep sea fishing. They recommended a company. We spoke to the owner in person and arranged a very specific deal. We wanted to keep all the fish we caught, have it cleaned by the staff and then have it cooked at a local restaurant. He quoted a price for this type of package, and told us that a friend of his that owned a restaurant had agreed to cook the fish as a favor as long as we bought drinks and side orders from his restaurant. We went out and caught 2 large Mahi Mahi that we took back to shore after which we had a series of unpleasant episodes. First, the boat staff told us they usually get to keep the fish, or at least one fish. So we had to argue about the fact we already had agreed with the owner to keep all the fish. Then, none of the staff wanted to clean the fish without additional tip, although we had already discussed this point with the owner as well. Finally, the restaurant owner told us he would not cook the fish unless he got to keep all the extra fish we could not eat on the spot (this was no good because we promised cooked fish to our wives and girlfriends). So it made us feel like everybody was constantly trying to scam us and take a piece out of us on every possible chance. We finally got the fish cooked at another small local place nearby for a reasonable sum, but we should not have had to pay anything more since we had been very exact in our negotiations. The owner of the boat was not available for all this time for anybody to call. Despite for success of the trip in terms of the fish, we actually returned really bummed out about the DR since we felt everybody was trying to scam us. We resolved not to leave the resort for any other trips. I would really suggest avoiding leaving the resort. Finally, it actually ended up being a funny joke to us, but the staff managed to incorrectly spell happy 25th anniversary on the cake we ordered for my aunt and uncle! To conclude, I would just avoid the Occidental. In order to improve matters at the property, I think they would have to completely overhaul the management and rethink how they organize everything at the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>coldmama34
<Content>Beautiful Beaches Having travelled extensively thoughout Mexico and other Caribbean islands, I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed Punta Cana. We arrived on Air Canada to not the greatest weather but were herded through the airport without an issue. The bus ride to the hotel was a non issue but it should be noted the roads are under construction and there was garbage everywhere. Looking past that, the area seems to be under a construction boom and if they cleaned up the garbage, it would be very pretty.Arriving at the hotel was easy. We stayed at the Royal Club and to be honest, this is the only way to go. Our overall experience with the trip was fantastic, the people and the weather were great but there were some complaints that cannot be ignored.Breaking down into the Catagories here is what i thought:Overall Hotel: Very nice. Grounds are well maintained and there is an effort by the staff to keep things clean. We had rain and there appeared to be a shortage of umbrellas which made it tricky since you have to walk everywhere. They do have carts (which we didn't use) Pools are well maintained. The Beach was stunning and absolutely worth the ranking of one of the top 10 beaches in the world.The worst part was the constant harassment from the Time Share people.. They also seemed to prey on women. It was horrible. Best way to avoid it is after day 1, tell them you bought into it and they will leave you alone.Also there was not much assistance from the Front Desk at either main lobby or Royal Club. A big contrast from the bartenders and wait staff.Room:Was horrible. For the extra money and promises made by the hotel, (we were in 19-106) we had issues from the start. Our front door would not shut, our safe didn't work and the Patio door wouldn't lock (which was a concern since we were on the main floor) We had electrical outlets that didn't work and a leak formed in our bathroom which progressively got worse as the week went on. We barely had our room cleaned, no matter how much we tipped and never did get the turn down service that was part of the package.The royal club reception was not helpful in the least and if anything had no idea what was happening in the hotel at all. There was a shortage on towels for the beach and just an overall lack of care.They also promised Room Service and there was none. Royal Club:Best part about this was the restaurant and private section of the beach. The pool was closed down due to a hillarious attempt at fixing it ( by the time we got there it was the 3rd time they tried to finish it) The beach bar was awesome as was the security which always ensured we had seats in our area. There is a pool right outside the Royal Club separate from the main pool that was awesome. We also had a bartender bring drinks by the pool.Alcohol was free flowing and they definitely were not shy about the quantities.The Royal Club restaurant was amazing. Changed the menu every night and the food was by far the best in the entire hotel.Other Restaurants.I didn't believe the other reviews when they said that the buffet was the best but I definitely agree. The main buffet and Beach Club buffet was great. Food was fresh and always hot. no concerns at all.IT should be noted the hours of the restaurants. from 10:30am - 1:00 the main buffet IS NOT open. So if you sleep in and miss breakfast, you are out of luck.The pizzeria was amazing, especially the Calzones and the Tacoria was also good.The italian restaurant was so bad, there was nothing redeeming about it. service, food, drinks you name it was horrid. After that we just stuck with the Royal Club.Home Run - Deep fried everything. If that is your thing, you will be happy.Other things:We didn't do excursions but did wander down the beach to the market where the people are overly eager to get you in their store. Rum is super cheap there - 4$ as oppose to 7$ at the hotel. Coffee is cheap here too - 4$ for a pound. Watch out for the Cigars, alot of the little places are peddling crap. go to the real Cigar stores if interested in them. The Art is incredible, from the paintings and wood carvings. You can definitely get them down as they are very expensive - generally you can get your items for 50% off the initial asking price.The town of Punta Cana is a short walk from the hotel (about 10 minutes) at the Bavaro Plaza watch out for the hair braiding women who will grab you and essentially hold you hostage. That was the only time I had to be forceful in my No.If you are interested in gambling, for a 10$ cab ride, you can go to the Princess Bavaro Casino.Mangu was an experience.. I will leave it at that. Not what i expected.Overall I have to say that Punta Cana was a fantastic place and I would definitely go back. I would not go back to the hotel but in saying that, I had a great trip, the weather and people were great but for an extra couple hundred dollars, you can upgrade to a 5*. This is rated a 4 1/2* (the Royal Club is anyhow) but comparatively, this SHOULD be only a 3*.There are many negative reviews but your vacation is what you make of it. If you dwell on the one or two negative parts, of course you will have a bad experience.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Jacolina99
<Content>Very relaxing. The resort was fabulous!! We had stayed at an all-inclusive the year before in Jamaica and the staff here blew that resort right out of the water.We are heading back again this week for another quiet, sunfilled getaway. The front desk is not adequately staffed, but - my friends - you are on vacation. Take a breath and relax. As a Canadian I was treated with respect and dignity. All the staff were polite and helpful. Our room was a garden view - and wow - what a view!Hey folks, if it was a bad resort we would not be going back and bringing dear friends with us.Jacolina  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dmdiaz2002
<Content>I won't go back to that hotel. I just returned from a weeks vacation to this hotel. I went with a group of 6 others to celebrate my birthday there. We were all very excited because we thought we were paying for an All-Inclusive vacation and we were eager to do all the different activities that were supposed to be included. Everytime we aproached someone to find out about an activity, they only gave us the information on the ones we had to pay. The only things we got for free were the meals and drinks. We paid for everything else. I also had requested an ocean view room and got a palm tree viewThe food was good. The employees at the restaurants,bars,pools were all very pleasant,polite and friendly.The steak house restaurant they have is not really a steak house.You don't get a menu. They serve you a piece of chicken,steak,and beef. You help yourself to salad and soup. Entertainment is very low budget. Nothing professional. I think the employees try putting acts together.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NieNie
<Content>Doubt I'll GO Back! Everything about this resort on the outside is beautiful. I am going to start with the good. Beautiful beach, pools, gardens, clean, tons of food (okay). Good bars, Good service only from the hardworking folks. Great entertainment.The reason for not returning would be the FRONT desk and the people whom went through my luggage!My reservation was not correct as ocean view as it turns out this happends a lot. A lot of over booking and giving rooms to upgrade others. This took a day to straighten out. The first room I was put in was terrible. Loose wires on lamps no clean bedding or towels the first night was a nightmare. I allowed luggage delivery against my better judgement and they yelled at me to leave it and said 5 minutes. 5 minutes turned into 2 hours and they left it in front of the door.My luggage had been gone through somewhere between the airport and my room and things were missing and ruined. So I can't really say where the mis-hap / happened. Our second room had a beautiful view of the ocean and much nicer., However we were always interrupted with workers fixing something showers, toilets whatever at what ever hour. They were not called or complained for so I didn't understand why they kept showing up.I also believe that information for americans English was very poor. We were not as welcome as others and I felt this way our entire stay. It is a large mixing pot of nationalities. French, Germans, Russian, Eucraine, Swede, American, Canadians. You name it they visited. I just felt unwelcomed. Mainly by the front desk.The service from the front desk was disgusting and rude and they should be cleaning the gutters instead of a few they have doing it. Over-all if I didn't have the front desk experiance and the luggage issue I may return. However lack of help will be the reason not to. If you already made reservations for this resort you will probably have a good time just make sure you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>love2travel624
<Content>Wish i was still there I loved everyday i was there. Sure the country is descalet, but the hotel was awesome and the staff was even better. The food was basic but very good, lunch has to two different buffets and dinner you must make a reservation for the good resturants. Beach was beautiful, all three pools were nice, pool bar is fun. During the cowboy giants game we drank all the beer at the homerun cafe and the waitor went to other bars throughout the resort to refill us. My room was good, the other couple we went with got to full beds put together so that was a little annoying. But overall the staff did accomadate anything we needed. Nightlife a lil boring but i went to relax not party as much. There are shows everynight and there is a night club that locals do go to, so the crowd a little different. all in all i would go back and i think i might definately go back. everyone who goes must go to juan carlos at the beach bar and drink some mamajuana (local rum drink)  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Longbow48
<Content>great resort To keep it simple, it was clean, staff are friendly, beach was outstanding, pool was clean and of good size. The food was good not five star but reasonable and normal.(chicken , pork , fish the basics).Great staff we must of hit it right as we had no delays hot water all the time the room we wanted (king bed) and check in and check out completed with in 15 minutes. If you are looking for a place to relax and be at one of the best beaches just go for it, just remember you are on vacation anyone can find something wrong with anything. Best thing - beach, clean rooms, well keep resortWorst thing - SMOKERS  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>mjuarez
<Content>Do not stay here My husband and were there for seven days and six night on our honeymoon. Do not visit the dominican republic it is not the best country to got to. You are better of going to mexico or hawaii. We received nothing but terrible service from the hotel staff from the front desk to the restaurants. THIS IS NOT A 4 STAR hotel it is a 3 star maybe but not 4. Horrible food, employees and service overall. if you visit this hotel expect delays and bad service. We want to repeat our honeymoon because it waws ruined by the bad service that this hotel has.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smaragdus
<Content>Highly recommended       The beach  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	2	3	5	2	

<Author>heygrl123
<Content>Had a great time! I went with my family and didn't know if I would have fun or not but we did. The beach is beautiful, the pool bar was my favorite! The drinks were good but, if i asked them for liquor they would only put a little bit so i barely tasted it. The staff was friendly, although one staff member in the inside buffet was annoying and kept trying to make conversation with me when I was trying to eat. The food was great, the deserts were a little weird though. They have internet, a gym, though everyone there wants you money. To use the internet it was like $12 for 1/2 hour, which is a lot! All in all the experience was good though. The entertainment was okay, everynight there was a show. The best show was the Michael Jackson one, i recommend seeing that one. The dances were really good. The other shows were a bit weird, well atleast some of them. They play good spanish music and it's always a party there. One night there was a party in the lobby cause it was pouring outside. Have a few drinks and you'll have a blast. I also recommend the banana boat on the beach, soo much fun! And parasailing as well. There was a buffet on the beach, which was great but the only problem about that was that there are a lot of flies outside, so some were flying on the food which is gross. The inside buffet is better. The resort is in the middle of nowhere so i really don't recommend leaving to go sight see unless it's to a specific place. People there are theives, they will follow you in the street to go in their store and try to sell you something for way too much money. You can try to bargain with them but be tough about it. lol I got a massage on the beach but it wasn't that great. I wouldn't even call it a massage, it was more like she was just rubbing my back. Maybe in the spa is better. The rooms were very nice and comfortable, very clean. The maids were great, we always had water and soda in the fridge everyday and new soap, towels. They work hard so please tip them. Our room tv would turn on and off by itself, must have been a ghost in our room. Other than that everything was great! The beach is the best part. The pool was a little dirty but there's so many people there so that may be expected. We also went to one of the restaurants, the steak one and the food was really good there!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	2	4	1	

<Author>Shamwop
<Content>Occidental Grand Punta Cana - great for R Overall, we had a good time and enjoyed our stay. Our room was the on third floor and was very spacious. The resort was beautiful and a perfect size. It was easy to walk throughout the entire property. Most of the staff, especially the bartenders and entertainers were very friendly and helpful. Tipping goes a long way, especially with housekeeping. People with disabilities beware - there are no elevators. Of course there were a few hiccups: The registration desk will be worst service you will encounter during your stay. It took us two hours to check in and we had an early check in. Luckily we got our bracelets about 30 minutes in and were able to enjoy a cocktail to cool off. If your party is departing separately beware as the front desk will only give you one check out slip that you need to show the bellhops before departing. Talk to guest services for assistance. The first morning we attempted to make dinner reservations and everything was completely booked. Our local travel agency representative talked to management and got us a reservation. By the way, most of the restaurants were half empty whenever we went so we didn't understand why there was such a problem getting reservations. The food was mediocre and pretty disappointing, but there is food available almost 24/7. Since it's an all-inclusive and they were cooking for the masses it's to be expected. Some people raved about the food, and with so many nationalities everyone's tastes will vary. I didn't go for the food, and the beach and pools were amazing which was very important to me! The other major issue for us was that the water would turn off at random times during the day - this meant no showers, no toilet flushing or ability to wash hands. This made us wonder how the workers handling the food washed their hands, especially since both of us had stomach issues during the trip. We never had a hot shower, but figured it was due to the demand level before dinner. The resort offered nightly entertainment, shows for the kids and adults. There was plenty of shade provided both at the pools and beach which was great. If you're looking for a place to relax and rejuvenate the soul you'll be happy here.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>dallas-cheryl
<Content>Great Time at the Occidental We had a wonderful time at the Occidental. We were there from Jan 20-27th 2008. Food: Awesome everyday. If you can't find something to eat in the main buffet, you obviously should have stayed home. We only ate at one of the restaurants, the Steak House. It was very good, no complaints at all. Franklin on the Crepe Station is AWESOME! Maximo is equally as good on the Omelet Station. Air Conditioning was awesome in the eating areas.Room: Very Nice. They are a little more dated then our Riu stay last year, but they made up for it in size and decor. Air Conditioning great here as well.Beach: What can you say that hasn't been said about this beach, it is totally beautiful. I'm sure it's one of the nicest in the world.Shows: We only went to the Michael Jackson show, which was great.Excursions: We went Parasailing which was fun. Now, the AWESOME one..... Cave Fun-Fun!!! If you ever book any excursion, book this one. Not many people know about it so you have to ask but it is a trip of a lifetime. It is a 3 hour bus ride one way. Once you get there they feed you a meal then you are off on a 30 minute horse back ride through the forest and Mountains. Now you have about a 45 minute hike through the Forest and up and down interesting areas till you get to the hole in the Mountain you have to Repel down. You repel down 60-70 feet, then you set off on a 2 mile walk through the cave, where you encounter bats, under water passages and beautiful sights. Once you get to the end of the cave, your horses are waiting for you, then you have a 15 minute horseback ride back to camp. They feed you again, and fill you up with alcohol. (if wanted) Then back to the bus for the ride home. The bus ride itself is interesting as you go through many cities and get to see how these people live. We were picked up at 6:40am and got back at 6:00pm. It's a big day but it's the best $99 we have ever spent on a trip!Time Shares: The only reason I mention this is because many people have been on here saying that it's terrible how they bug you and they won't leave you alone. This is a crock, we were asked but a kind no thank you is all it takes then they are good, actually I would joke with them lots of days and see how their day is going. All in all it was a wonderful trip, we are still trying to decide if it was better then our trip last year when we went to the Riu Merengue, but both are awesome and I would highly recommend either resort.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>gonge
<Content>A stranded 3star cruiseship My friend and I have just spent a week in this resort......What a dissapointing place, unless you like being in the middle of nowhere, being treated like retards, karioke in the lobby, ballroom lessons, watered down drinks, wine from another planet and appaling food.And unless you spend a fortune on various outings, you`ll have no idea what country you`re in. No chance of just popping out to sample local life or enjoying different bars and restaurants.We also learned that many hotels in Dom Rep deliberately doublebook as to ensure full hotels, so if you`re last in the queue (which happened to us) they will relocate you to a different hotel. In our case they had overbooked by 20 rooms.Never trust their timing, they have no idea of time. We were told our new hotel were just 5 mins up the road, at the reception they said at least 20 mins. The cabdriver said 45 mins. It took 55 mins on a most hazardous road.Staff were friendly overall, but lacking in english. Whatever your request, -being an extra chair on the balcony or where is so and so. Standard reply was: Would you like water with thatThe maidservice was also back to front. We were told if you left a few dollars in the room, service would be more than excellent. Service was not that bad so we didnt tip at first, on day 3 we left some money, and the room then had no towels. Same thing the following day, no water or soda in the fridge. We stopped tipping of course and things were fine.The beachtowel system was a joke, basically bring your own.The A la carte restaurant booking system was another hazzle.Don`t bother, the food was worse than the buffet, especially the Oriental.We never saw snacks of any kind, and the afternoon tea were some leftover cakes from lunch, with tea and coffee from a machine, self served in the lobby on paperservietes and paper cups.The only redeeming aspect was the stunning beach and luckily the good weather. Never again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	1	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>KalyraFan49
<Content>Wonderful Occidental Grand Just got back on January 26th from our weeks stay at the Royal Club in the Occidental Grand. This is our 3rd visit to this hotel in just 2 years and we are going back in May. Our 1st visit there we decided to join the Allegro Vacation Club knowing full well that we would be traveling quite a bit to all the resorts that are part of the Vacation Club. To us it was well worth it!I personally think this resort is a Hidden Gem among all the hotels in Punta Cana. Granted I have not been to the top 5' resorts, and I am sure they are wonderful, but my husband and I really love this resort.The Royal Club was FANTASTIC! I would highly recommend paying the extra to stay in this area of the resort. 3 buildings (19, 20 and 21) and I believe it has about 56 units. There is a huge Jacuzzi in the courtyard, private check-in, and the best part is the Restaurant! Our breakfasts, lunches and dinners were delicious. I have never eaten like that on a daily basis. The service was outstanding, the qualify of the food was wonderful and the presentation was great. It's tough to come home and have to start cooking after being spoiled for a week.The Royal Club has its own area on the beach. If you don't have the right color wrist band you are not allowed to use this area, and there is a guard that is posted there all the time. There is also a bar located there which makes it very convenient!We left our maid $5.00/day. In the past we left a couple of dollars and some small gifts, but last time we went we had 2 guys cleaning our room and I had only brought stuff for a woman and I felt bad. $5.00/day is not bad, plus I left little miniature chocolates or a pack of gum or mints also. All the employees are so nice. Some people understand English pretty well, while others just can understand the basics. We are in their country and my husband and I can't speak but a few words of Spanish, so we try to phase our sentences in basic English. Everyone has a smile and we also say HOLA when passing anyone. The Servers, maids and bartenders work 12 days on and have 3 days off. I think by the end of their work 'week' they are pretty burnt out which is probably why a lot of people complain about the service. Just be patient! This resort is big and there is a lot of walking, which is good exercise! The front lobby has been updated with new furniture and is very appealing. The big buffet in the front is air-conditioned which makes for a nice change. We ate in the Oriental, Italian and Mexican. Oriental is our favorite, with Mexican next. The Italian was not bad, but the service was very disorganized. Make the best of it - talk to the people at the table next to you...you will be pleasantly surprised at all the nice people you meet!We did not see many shows, but we did catch a bit of the Michael Jackson show - and it was fantastic! They performed the whole Thriller song - costumes and all. I would highly recommend this show!The beach is fabulous! The Coconut Palms trees stand so tall, there is always a breeze, plenty of seats, and Palapas to go around. This is winter for them so the water was a tad chilly with nice rolling waves. Did not deter us from going in the water and it was actually fun with the waves. Take a 15 minute walk down the beach to your right as you are looking at the water. Bring along money because there is a great shopping area there and it is fun to bargain for something you want. I think I read somewhere that the shipwreck to the left is about a 1 1/2 hour walk from the Grand - so we did not go there. Didn't want to walk 1 1/2 hours one way and then turn around and do it again.This resort is VERY clean. After it rains there is always someone sweeping and shoveling the water off the walk (watch out because it can be slippery). They are pruning trees, sweeping sand, painting the walks and doing general maintenance on the resort. I don't know how old the resort is, but the resort is well maintained.The 3 pools are beautiful, plenty of chairs around the pools, and for the size of the resort and the amount of people it really doesn't seem too crowded.Remember, take the bad reviews with a grain of salt. You are going to a different country with a different lifestyle. Their food is NOT the same as ours, but they really do have some good food. They wash all the fruits and vegetables with purified water and the ice cubes are made with purified water. Don't be afraid to eat! The breakfast buffet (ate their twice) has someone making crepes! Delicious. The eggs are fresh, and the rolls and donuts are delicious. Lots of fresh fruit! The Dominican Coffee is great!! Again, remember how hard they work - have patience if they don't bring you your coffee immediately, or have to refill the coffee pot on your table. You are on vacation - relax, enjoy - don't stress! You stress enough when you get home.They are in the process of upgrading the rooms so some of the rooms are showing their age. I do not know which ones are done and which are being worked on - so if you aren't happy with you choice you can always ask to be moved if another room is available.So, that said - I can not wait to go back in May and see all the friends I have there!! Enjoy this resort!!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>Pegster_1975
<Content>Beautiful, wonderful, amazing experience!!! I am surprised by the reviews of the people that stayed the same week I did. I have nothing but positive things to say about this resort.When we arrived (family of 6) we were greeted by friendly staff with a delicious tropical drink as we checked in. Our 3 rooms were not ready but only after a short while (about 30 minutes) we were given our keys and walked to our room in building 13. Remember this resort holds enough rooms for over 850 people... can you imagine how hard that would be to clean that many rooms every day? Relax, your on vacation. The room was HUGE and the bed was so comfy! We had a mini fridge that was replenished every day with water and pop. The housekeeper was so sweet and made sure we had everything we needed every day. (please tip, they really work hard!) My favorite thing about this resort was the beach. I have never seen anything so spectacular in my entire life! I have been to Mexico many, many times and Jamacia and have never seen such a beautiful beach! The soft sand, light wind and the bluest water made for a relaxing week that I didn't want to end! They have many cabana's on the beach so for those of you that need the shade (me included!) there is plenty of them when you need a break from the warm sun. There are 2 beach bars where you can get water and any kind of drink you could imagine. The only thing that was a little inconvient was that I had to go to my room to use the bathroom. Not that big of a deal, I am just lazy! The food was so wonderful and had such a variety it was hard to decide what to try each day. I am a vegetarian and didn't have trouble finding something fantastic to try every day! The pizza and taco's up the white stair case were SO SO good! The service there was more than I could have ever expected. They were so very friendly and more than accomadating. The week was more than I could have asked for and the friendly staff, great food, fun entertainment, beautiful beach was above my expectations. If you are thinking about staying at this resort I would highly reccomend it. You will not be disapointed.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>CBR600rr
<Content>Beautiful beach, Horrible Hotel, service, food My boyfriend and I just got back from the Occidental Grand Flemenco. I was extremely disappointed. I stayed at the Paradisus P.C. before and unfortunatley expected the same experience-unbelievable. The room was large but bathroom dirty, mold here and there. The service was horrific. They would take our towels, water and not replace. Since the staff barely spoke English when I called housekeeping they would say yes to bringing more but never returned. This happened daily. Routine became raiding the maid-carts daily. We were told to make reservations at the restaurants in the morning. Booked Booked Booked. The few we got into were less than adequete. The wine was toxic. Common feed back among others was stay at the buffet-also horrible service. You wait, wait , wait. Decaf coffee was brought to us and plopped on our table. It was a glass jar of Nescafe decaf that we mixed ourselves. For coffee lovers who can 't go without-don't go here. The coffee was horrible and no cream. Oh and no room service even in the royal club although they say there is. Towels are sub-standard. I got better service at the Comfort Inns I have stayed in on road trips.That being said the beach was beautiful and the grounds were clean. It does have one of the nicer beach areas. There is not much to do. The shows at night were not that great. The liquor was yucky. Go at your own risk but my advice, it is well worth the extra few hundred bucks you will pay to stay at a 5-6 star resort.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>Bchtravler
<Content>5 stars..are you crazy!!! I booked this hotel via American Express,under the assumption that it was a 5 star hotel...hummm thats ok if you think that Motel 6 is a 4.5 star hotel, and fine dinning is Golden Coral...Booked the standard room, blankets were stained, the towel, well i have better quality in my rag bag! The TV did not work right in the room, several people came by and confirmed it did not work and did nothing about it, asked for a second key for the room since it was two of us...they blew me off not once but several times.. when i asked to talk to the manager..they said there was none! (as stupid as that sounds it most likely correct) The food,, horrable, went to several of the restraunts on the campus, the sole of my shoes would have tasted better than food offered. Breakfast was good, but come on its eggs and danish... . However the grounds were fantastic, pool was very nice..well kept and the staff was nice, friendly but really did nothing for ya.. so if you have money to waste, or like over paying for a hotel this is the place for you.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MozartQuebec
<Content>Club Royal at the Occidental Grand My husband and I just came back from one week at the Occidental Grand in Punta Cana. Prior to depature our travel agent suggested to upgrade to Club Royal. If I have one advise to give to all is please spend that little extra money for the upgrade. It is worth it! Otherwise, we would have been disappointed in this resort. The Club Royal is like a boutique hotel within the resort. You have your own private section at the beach with security, your own bar at the beach, private pool, private restaurant (amazing food!) plus lots of extras. We have tried the other restaurants on site, not so great. Avoid the mexican and the italian! The beach is amazing and the resort is immaculate. In all, we were very happy with the service. The mini bar was replenished each day with lots of drinks including Perrier water. The room itself was big and very clean. Great balcony on the third floor. The staff at the Club Royal is so nice. They really go out of their ways to make please all your desires. Bravo! Chantal from Montreal  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>smitty1239
<Content>Great rip if you don't mind starving My wife and I spent the second week of our honeymmon at this resort. Upon entry the resort was just beautiful, and more than we had hoped for. Once we were checked in and in our room we were quite pleased with the decor and cleanliness of the unit. The beach was beautiful, the staff was friendly but the food was awful. My wife and I have traveled to many different locations and we were not expecting perfection, but the lack of edible food was what got us the most. Breakfast was the best meal of the day, and that is not saying much. We lived on pancakes for a week because it was what have the best tast. If you are looking to eat food on vacation I suggest you stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>calgary_traveller_7
<Content>Had a great vacation here! I just got back from a week at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana Resort. I was preparing myself for problems as I read negative reviews, but I had a great stay! Arrived at the hotel at around 7pm, checkin was fast and easy.We had a very nice room, in building 12. I read about alot of complaints about the rooms, and I can only speak for the ones I saw (my own room as well as my parents room which was also in building 12). Large kingsize bed was very comfortable, clean room, small sitting area, tv with lots of english channels, large covered balcony with chairs, clean bathroom - sometimes the water took a while to warm up or the water pressure was a bit low but no worries - its a vacation! Never had any blackouts or problems like that.There is alot of negative comments about the front desk/customer service. While we did once have to call 3 times for towel and had a few minor requests go unfullfilled, none of these things ruined my vacation, and I firmly believe if you go with a laid back attitude and WANT to have a good vacation, these small inconveniences will not phase you. I wouldn't even have mentioned them except to counter other reviews on here and I will have long forgotten about this when remembering what a great time I had here.The ground of this hotel are beautiful, clean, the walkways and tiles floors get VERY slippery when wet - I read that in the reviews and its so true, just be careful, I did slip once and twisted my ankle. The lobby has lots of comfortable seating areas to sit at and have a drink or relax in the evening. The pool are great, lots of chairs never had a problem. Serve staff at the bars are always friendly and quick - some speak minimal english but there is always someone who can help.The food at this hotel was great, TONS of selection.We ate at the breakfast buffet everyday, there is everything you can think of, the omlets that they make in front of you are awesome! For lunch we usually ate at the Home Run bar by the pool, they had fries, nachoes, burgers, etc. Also at at the beach club buffet for lunch once and it had lots of selection.The buffet dinner also has tons of choices, lots of variety of western and local choices, the pasta station where they make it in front of you is so good! Also they have lots of deserts and ice cream.The pizza place and taco place also have very good food!For a la carte I ate at the Italian resteraunt and the Grill. The Italian had lots of choices for various pasta dishes, with salads and deserts as well. The grill is a brazilian steakhouse where they serve sausage, chicken, beef and pork, as well as salad and desert bar. Both were really good.My party of 4 never had any problem with the food at any of the places.There is also the nightly entertainment which generally wasn't my thing, but the shows change every night and they put on a good show. Hope this review helps for those travelling to punta cana, if you go looking for a good vacation and have a good attitude, you will enjoy your stay at this resort.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>RussK1714
<Content>Above average! Loved it       view directed towards pool bar!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wisconsin329
<Content>Wedding in Paradise       waterfall area in main pool  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>jap820
<Content>Loved the Mangos I went in June of 06' for seven nights eight days. The food was absolutely horrible.I felt as if they tried too hard to get American style food, and it just wasnt working . I came to a diff country and i wanted to eat Dominican Food, not wanna be chinese. My diet consisted of liquor, banana's and mangos the whole time i was their. The beach was beautiful, the staff were very friendly. Our room was always cleaned, with fresh towles daily. The pool was a little dirty, but what can you expect, people are getting in and out all the time. I found it very quiet, not a young crowd. The age range for our group of women were (21-34), their were more couples and family's than anything, The disco, had horrible music. They replayed songs over and over! We went off the resort in to the town, we got a ton of clothes and gifts for DIRT cheap! Try to go on the expeditions. They are fun. Plus you really get to see how poor that country really is, and to think WOW I should really appreciate what i have living in the USA. Over all i would rate my trip at 6, and i wouldn't go back to this resort. The liquor could have been better, food should have been Dominican, and to use a payphone around their to call home was a pain in the a*, especially when they ate up your phone card minutes very fast! Have Fun!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>Sabrina_333
<Content>Occidental- met our expectations! Hola! We just returned from the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana yesterday and it was amazing!!! I was slighlty curious about the quality of the resort after reading some reviews (most being disgruntled venting). Honestly, we made the HUGE mistake of flying into Santo Domingo...which is 4 hours from the resort. We did not know this and found out on the plane. This was no one's fault but ours and made for a long long traveling day. Driving through the island was educational..being that the poverty level was so devastating. This humbled us for the vacation ahead. We arrived to the resort around 5pm. Staff at the reception were kind and friendly. We speak NO spanish and had no problemo! We even learned a little spanish. It would be helpful to bring a little pocket dictionary to converse more freely with your friendly staff. Our room was perfect. Tile floors, clean sheets, NOT one cockroach spotted (just don't leave food in your rooms, it attracts them and is respectful to the resort). Our balcony was beautiful and secluded with plants. The food was tasty and you have a great amount of variety. I suggest trying the local cuisine they offer. Alcohol was great! Always available. Although tips are included...a dollar goes a long way. Please tip your house keeper staff. They work hard and really appreciate it. Keep in mind this is a third world county and you would typically tip your staff at any other resort...this one just happens to be economical and inclusive. The beach was gorgeous. Breezy and soft sands. There is a beach bar on the beach which was fun. We tried one restaurant and found it tasty but enjoyed the buffet more. If you don't like the restaurant..,be respectful. Both guests to our sides left abruptly and rudely b/c they were expecting a five star restuarant. They made it awkward for those enjoying their meals. Entitlement only makes one look like a jerk. We were the only American couple out of those we met. America should def come to this country. It is a secret that we are sharing with you!! Everything is included...towels..food...drinks...late night snacks. It was fabulous! I wish I was still there and not going to work right now. Please come to this secret gem..,you'll love it!!! Oh yeh, the temperature was a consistent 80. perfecto!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crazyk229
<Content>Nice People But Very Disgusting Place The staff at this resort were very friendly which was a welcome change from previous places I have stayed. At first glance the resort seemed absolutely beautiful and I could not wait to begin my one week stay there. After the first night, however, sugar ants began to appear in the room (there was no food or anything else that would have attracted them to the room...atleast not that I know of!) and over the course of the week the problem became worse and worse. Truly disgusting! When I alerted the front desk about the problem their solution was to come in and mop them up (yes, mop them up with a mop) and they did not offer to move me and my boyfriend to a different room. So, that aside, I decided that it could be worse. And, yes, it could be...and it was. At first I thought the food was pretty good aside from a slightly nauseas feeling after eating (I equated it to being in a different place, etc.) but after a few days of eating the resort food I truly began to feel ill. This culminated in severe food poisoning on the last day- the worst I've ever had in my life!!! On a positive note, the beach was very nice and so was the pool. There is very little to do once it gets dark though unless you're feeling ambitious enough to venture off of the resort property. All in all, I find this place truly repulsive and I would not recommend it to anyone unless, of course, you're looking for a nice tropical vacation full of nice people, sugar ants and horrific food poisoning.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>JimboOttawa_Ontario
<Content>Excellent Destination We have considerable experience in winter get-away travel and I would rate this resort very highly. We were very impressed with all aspects. The physical plant was excellent, the room was very attractive and comfortable, the food was excellent, the beach was amazing, and the staff were first-rate.The staff at this resort work extremely hard and make every effort to ensure your contentment. The other thing that I appreciated was that the staff don鈥檛 constantly act as if they expect to be tipped every time two minutes (as they do at many other destinations). I have often read reviews that speak of the staff being friendly at other destinations but at the Occidental we found this to be a truly accurate description. The other aspect of this was that the staff and management were very professional with a clear focus on customer service. We ALWAYS received prompt professional service.The food choices at the buffets was huge. There were always plenty of choices to appeal to any pallet. The a-la-cartes were, as in most all-inclusive; I鈥檇 say just 鈥渟o-so鈥? We preferred the buffets. Cleanliness and quality of food and food areas was top-drawer. There were all kinds of activities to partake of at the resort itself. We chose only one off-site activity, Bavaro Runners, which was pretty good; informative. We also did some walking into town etc on our own, which was interesting as well.The only issues I had during the trip were with other tourists rather than with the resort staff. I was embarrassed by the outburst of one guest as he screamed at staff because another guest had taken his lunch table when he went to the buffet. It was a minor and reasonable mistake because the guy hadn鈥檛 left anything on the table that would lead anyone to guess that the table was taken. The interloper should have apologised and moved to another table but it appeared that the tone of the first party put them off so much that they ignored him. He took it all out on the staff who 1. Had nothing to do with the mistake 2. Probably no idea what he was saying/screaming about in the first place (he was speaking French). I recommend this resort highly. Excellent value.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>FloridaJulia
<Content>Just ok Stayed for 3 days jan 4th its ok needs updating the beach is beautiful. The staff are sweet and really appreciate a tip here and there. The food is AWFUL all my son ate for three days was bread and fruit !! Really bad, but they do stock your room with bottled sodas and water really appreciated that.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sandrademexico
<Content>Best vacation ever! I stayed at the Occidental Flamingo at Punta Cana Dec. 18-22. I enjoyed going off the resort to see how the real people live. I enjoy third world countries and enjoyed that. I also enjoyed a Jeep excursion to sugar cane fields and Saono. Beautiful. Most relaxing trip I have ever had. This was in 2006. The room was a little strange (extra room we didn't need) and the food was a little bland, but plentiful. The beaches and water are beautiful. I had a great time and definitly enjoyed both the resort and going off the resort.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vactions247
<Content>A nice value! We stayed Jan 3-10, 2008. Overall, very satisfied with hotel, and thought it was a good value for the money. First off, Punta Cana's beaches are world class. White sand, palm trees, and clear blue water, with waves breaking all day long. Definitely, one of better beaches in the world. The weather great too (low 80's, sunny.)Airport surprisingly efficient, and ride to hotel very well organized. The hotel grounds were beautiful. 3 nice pools stretch in loops on interior part of hotel. The food on whole was very good. The kitchen staff makes some things very well (omelet, homemade donuts, fish etc.) And other things, not so good. Just take your time looking through buffet, and you'll find some good stuff. The wait staff and security are professional, efficient and very personable. We brought our three sons (including a 3 month old infant) and the staff fawned all over them the entire time. The Dominicans seem very family oriented and frankly, we felt more comfortable in the DR, then if we had gone to Florida like we have in past.Some of the not so great things. The hotel staff's english is not great. You may have to ask for things several times before you get it. The room was small. We have 3 kids, and were surprised when we opened door to our room and there was only 1 queen size bed. It took 3 hours and 4 phone calls to get a cot.PLEASE READ THIS: The timeshare people will harass you upon arrival. They can easily soak up 3-4 hours of your time. Since they don't make it clear to you when they are soliciting you, I will tell you what it is all about. They start by having plants around hotel practically attack guests to get them to commit to attending presentation. Once they get you to attend, another person comes in with a pitch of cutting out travel agent which will save you 40% on future trips. Okay, good so far. But then you learn you will have to pay $400 a year in maintenance fees. Hmmm, going downhill. Then after the 3rd hour, you learn that for the privilege of getting a good rate at 50 Occidental Hotels for 49 weeks a year, they want 20K of your money up front, and $4500 on the spot. I had no interest but didn't matter to them. Since they had wasted so much of my time and waited until last possible moment to reveal details, I asked them to put everything in writing. They flatly refused. They said they don't do this unless you plop down $4500 of your money on the spot. Wow, $4500 to get written details of an agreement? Disclaimer: I do not claim that this is exact deal you will get offered. My comments only based on my 1 experience. However, my guess is you will get similar package. So if this sounds like anything you might be interested in, go for it. If not, save yourself 3-5 hours on your vacation. When approached upon entering hotel, clearly say NO to anyone who wants to discuss anything like this. They purposely try to confuse you when you arrive by not making it clear on what they are doing. Now you know, just say NO!!! right off the bat and don't give an inch!So, wrapping up, the Dominican Republic is a wonderful, highly under-rated place. The beaches are beautiful, and the Occidental is a clean, safe resort with a wonderful wait and security staff. The hotel staff needs more training to make this a 4 star hotel though. The time share hard sell left bad taste in my mouth but I still recommend this resort without reserve. The Domican Republic is a bit more raw then other destinations in the Caribbean and not as polished. However, if you can live with this, get ready to experience the best beaches in the Caribbean at a great price!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	2	2	

<Author>gingi99
<Content>Nice Resort, Stay away from the Food Nice resort, gorgeous beach, stay away from the Italian restaurant....buffet was somewhat ok...... thank God for Pepto Bismal  Immodium. Horesback riding  Mangu club was a blast. Staff is friendly, but don't ask for anything... chances are they will not fulfill your request.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>TheFrostslondon
<Content>Had a great time! We have just returned from spending Christmas and New year at the Grand Flamenco, What can I say..we had read so many negative reports before we went, but I can honestly say we had a great time. On arrival, we did have a problem with the rooms (we had booked interconnecting rooms, and there were none available!), but this was sorted the next day, and we were moved to the newly refurbed rooms (Block 25), which had just been finished, and were absolutely great! Food is good, and plenty of it, we thought the Italian was the best restaurant. Great pools, plenty of bars, and great beach. Only watched one show- Michael Jackson, which kids thought was great!! (the evening entertainment not really our thing!). Staff were fine, VERY laid back, and the language was a bit of a problem!! Overall, I would go back, and would certainly recommend this hotel, although I must say it did not feel much like Christmas on Christmas day!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>jaco_bell
<Content>First time's a charm.....I had a great time My girlfriend (now fiancee, as I proposed on this trip) and I stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana from Dec 20th to Jan 3rd and spent Christmas and New Years at this resort. We met up with a best friend of mine and his wife as they arrived two days after we did.I would like to start by saying that this was our first all inclusive trip so it is difficult to compare to other resorts, however this was the third trip to Punta Cana for my friend and his wife and they also had just as great of a time as we did and one of the places they stayed previously was the Majestic, which is an immaculate 5 star resort.For those of you unfamiliar with Punta Cana, when you arrive at the airport, who may be a little perplexed to see that the airport is basically a hut and that when you exit the plane, you walk across some pavement, get your picture taken with some Dominican greeters, get your passport stamped and then wait for your luggage, all within minutes. After you get your luggage, you find your appropriate booth and the representative there will tell you what bus to get onThe check in process, upon arrival at the hotel, was extremely fast. We travelled with Air Transat so we had a seperate check in counter that literally took minutes. After check-in, we went to the front desk and asked for a lock for our safe which costs 15$ US per week. Other Air Transat (Premium Club) perks included a bottle of rum, a fruit plate, our own restaurant for breakfast, 5 reservations for the restaurants, slippers, bathrobes, and other ammenities.When we arrived at our room, which a bellboy guides you to via a golfcart, we were shocked to find out that we got exactly what we requested, a 3rd floor Ocean veiw room in building 26, which we requested about a month before. This room was beautiful with high ceilings, a wide open living room type area, and a balcony with a view of the beach and the ocean. Room 26 - 303 to be exact. The only negative thing about it was when it rained, there were two small leaks that dripped water, but they were in spots that were irrelevent.Overall the food was pretty decent, but come the second week, we found ourselves getting a little bored of the buffet. Good thing there was a pizza joint to get all you can eat pizza from, and I must say, I loved this stone baked pizza alot. The only problem is that it could get busy and may find yourself waiting a little while, but it was worth it. The Homerum snack bar above the pool is also a favourite as it offers fries, onion rings, hamburgers, chicken burgers, hotdogs, nachos, and liquid cheese and HOT salsa for toppings. The only restaurant we ate at was the Italian and it was good but small portions.As far as the time share people are concerned, maybe I don't fit their criteria because I was approached only once! After the first day, I was never approached again. They were not a hassle at all, but thats just my experience.Some excersions/activities we did were a 2 hour horseback riding tour (40$ each) which was good, they take you along the beach and into the water for a bit, for me two hours was a little long and probably would only do a 1 hour tour if I were to do it again. We also did the Bavarro Runners excersion (85$ each) which is probably the most popular tour because you get to see how Dominicans live, and you go to sugarcane feilds, cigar factory, you get to see how coffee and chocolate is made, etc...etc.. there is nothing overly exciting so to speak about the tour but it is very educational and I highly recommend it. We also did parasailing (85$ for two people) in which you basically get dragged behind a boat while you are on a parachute in the air. Its a 12 minute ride so it may be a little pricey but this is where I proposed so it was priceless as far as I was concerned. My buddy and I also went golfing (approx. 215$ per person) to Punta Blanca golf course which is designed by Nick Price. We chose a medium priced golf course and it was very nice, not much water, but lots of sand traps. There are course starting at 109$ and go all the way to 325$. Club rentals are 40$ each and do not include balls so either bring some of your own or purchase at the clubhouse. The club rentals are great, they were better than the clubs I own, you had your choice between Titleist or Calloway Big Bertha clubs. Some courses make you pay a mandatory caddy fee as well, but not the one we went to.The staff here is unbelievable. They work exceptionally hard from morning until night and get paid peanuts. The pool is always clean, the beach is always clean, and they do a wonderful job with cleaning your room, pathways, washrooms, and anything else you could think of. The servers and bartenders are also very friendly. Beware: sometimes when the pathways/walkways are cleaned or when it rains, it gets VERY slippery so watch yourself.Speaking of the beach and pool area, get up at 8AM to guarantee yourself some chairs. Just throw some towels and some magazines on the chairs you want and nobody will take them. We got lucky some days when we slept in and were still able to get chairs after 10am, but it can fill up pretty quick, I wouldn't wait that long. A shock to me was that nobody really uses the massive pools they have here, sometimes we were the only ones in the water, not sure why ,and the hotel was at full capacity. Maybe I didn't get the memo.As far as the vendors are concerned, you have to bargain alot. Here are some examples of things we bought:the ring i bought - he asked for 150$, then he asked for 75$, then i told him i only had 25$, he said no at first and then finally took itTwo Picture frames - he asked for 76$, then asked for 35$, I offered18$, we agreed on 20$So basically, you can cut the original price in half twice.HINT: go look at the gift shop on the resort and check out those prices first so you have a rough idea of what they really costOVERALL I loved this place and had a fantastic, unforgettable time. I would come back in a heartbeat and we are probably going to get married in the Dominican, but not at this resort as we like to change things up and try new places. Also, the Michael Jackson show is very well done and is a must see.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luc89
<Content>okay could have been better this hotel is a very nice looking hotelwhen we got there service was great later on into the trip i started to notice that the service is horrible the resort is great and everything exept for the service ~to get hold of the front desk you need to call them atleast 5 times before someone picks up and redirects you to wait another 10 minutes~ i know is not that everyone will call and ask for extra pillows but i did and i had to call 3 times to ask them to come and bring some.~ the tv cable kept cutting out~ power outeges were regular~ as you walk into the rooms there is a slot where you put your key to turn the power on . yea that broke into the second day we had to rig up our own system to make it work~ the fan on the ceiling fell ~ if you took a shower with warm water it must mean ur a very lucky person.pGreat hotel , nice beach, nice people, good food, but horrible service and rooms  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nic008
<Content>nice but not amazing my family and I just got back from punta cana, the 7 of us were a little disappointed by the service at the hotel and the rooms.{1} walking in the room was nothing special or new for us, when we went to put our key card in the little card holder to turn on the light the whole thing came down (1st night)we then decided to call someone to fix it, they said someone was going to come in the morning and take care of it.no one ever came, called again but no one seemed to be able to help us out so we jammed the switch and we just used the switches around the room for the lights.{2} one of my relatives was feeling a little cold one day and he decided to shut off the ceiling fan, baddd idea the whole thing came down on his head almost injuring him.we decided to call someone and the guy came in the room, looked at the gaping hole in the ceiling, smiled, took the fan and got out of the room.......{3} my cousines and I decided to go to the beach one night to enjoy some music and relax, at 1 in the morning, walking back to the room my cousine fell in a hole filled with concrete near the beach and scratched her knees badly, we went back to the room called and the person said that they were sending someone with a first aid kit to help us out, but....guesss what, no one ever came and we had to deal with the problem using the few things we had, to keep the blood from coming out till the morning when we brought her to the infirmary.{4} the food was really good, drinks were amazing and the bartenders were funny and always made people smile.{5} rooms were cleaned very well and the mini fridge was refillled everyday.{6} the shows at night were cool,during our stay there, they had a michael jackson show that was really good.{7} the pool was amazing the only thing that ruined it was that every morning there were people trying to sell us timeshare......(i came here on vacation,not on a business trip, i am ok with sitting for the first day for 45 minutes to hear about it but please let me enjoy the sun during the day.){8} the fun activities were good but when we asked about off road go karts the guy kept on telling us about the atv rides and repeated us not to go for the karts....(this kind of irritaded me).{9} all in all it was a good trip I was kind of disappointed to have to deal with the few room problems we had for the whole duration of the trip but, whats a good trip without some adventure?  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>blue_waters18
<Content>Okay- could of been better This Hotel was okay, I mean we had rain for 4 days and that made difference in my review. It was really boring at the resort and the other guests were complaining that their nothing else to do when it rain. But when it was bright and sunny then thats a different story.The food was ok, but I warn you not to eat at the Asian Restaurant - I got food posioning.The best part of this trip was our adventure outside of the restort - Riding ATV's, understanding how they make coffee and chocolate...although the horse back riding was boring . they were more like ponies to me.Overall, this hotel should not be a 4.5 more like a 3.5 - it does look nice but the food, services aren't a 4.5 star quality.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>ztaaks
<Content>Just OK...and Be Careful Booking Your Room My family of 4 joined my wife's extended family (20 people) for 6 days there between Christmas  New Years Some had been to other Occidentals and recommended the Royal Club...good thing. It costs a lot more, but there are definite advantages. Food: Everyone's taste in food is different, but the consensus in our group was that the food outside the Royal Club was not very good...lots of choices, just not very high quality. We've travelled a lot, and there is a difference between cultural differences of food, and quality. Culturally different food still needs to be well made and served hot, to be enjoyed. All of the buffet food was very salty, even the fresh steamed veggies. The Beach Club buffet was better than the main buffet. The La Reses and the Italian place were OK, but more for the change of scenery than the food. Everyone loved the pizza and the tacos...but the reviews of the Home Rum food were just OK. The service in the buffets was OK, but quite slow at the Royal Club. The staff were very friendly and accomodating, and most of them understood enough English. I found a little (un poco) Spanish goes a long way. Even if you don't speak Spanish well, they really seemed to appreciate if you try. In general the cleanliness of the restaurants seemed good. We drank only bottled water, but the ice was local. Some in our group had stomach issues, but this is to be expected in poor countries like the DR. The Royal Club: Costs a lot more and you get MUCH better food (if you don't mind leisurely dining). For the group, if we had not been able to eat at the Royal Club, the trip would not have been deemed a success. Most of the rooms were fine, except some had A/Cs that were so loud you could not sleep. In our 3rd floor room, the bathroom had a leak in the ceiling that got progressively worse every time it rained (most nights). When it rained hard, our room and another 3rd floor room had water leaking from the ceiling everwhere. When we told the staff, they shrugged their shoulders as they said they would report it to maintenance. No one ever came. Our toilet leaked where it was caulked to the floor...complained 3 times but no one came. Fridge was well stocked by the maid and plenty of towels and hot water. No power outages. Be careful when you book the Royal Club...their room descriptions border on deceptive advertising and you can get ripped off. Some in our group paid extra for Ocean Front rooms. What we got was a room that had a front door facing the ocean...300 yards away, with buildings in between! The ocean was only visible from the front door on the 3rd floor rooms. You only see the ocean as you leave your room. 1st  2nd floor rooms had no view at all. When we complained, they said that is ocean front ...it faces the ocean. Some of the rooms were booked and paid in advance for Junior Suites, but were given Standard Rooms. The travel agent is working on getting a refund for the difference...time will tell. Everything else: Beach is clean and magnificent. Pools are good. Shows were entertaining...this is not Vegas so don't expect a fancy show. Facility is spotless everywhere. The salespeople are everywhere and obnoxious but backed off with a firm no thanks (saying No gracias seemed to incite them to be more aggressive since they thought you would understand them better in Spanish). They are even on the beach from other resorts trying to get you to stay there next time! The snorkeling and Swim with the Dolphins were reported as OK. My family didn't go as we have done lots of snorkeling. My kids enjoyed the windsurfing lessons. No issues at the airport coming or going. This is a 3 star hotel, tops.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>ScPe
<Content>Beautiful Place       water feature at main pool  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	5	-1	

<Author>Nudie2
<Content>First Time in DR Just got back to snowy reality on Saturday. We spent one week at the Occidental Grand Resort from 22-29 Dec, and overall we had a great time, with a couple of minor exceptions.FLIGHT  AIRPORT : Arrived via A/C from Montreal, good winds on the way down, and so the flight was a bit early. Be careful in the airport if you're on a package, the local cabbies will try to grab your business if you can't find your bus, one driver actually had words with our tour operator to the effect that he was taking his business away. Fortunately, when you come out of arrivals, all of the tour companies have little booths set up and they will send you in the right direction.TRANSPORT  CHECK-IN: Bus ride to the resort takes about 20-25 minutes. We arrived at about 12:30, and were assigned a room, only to be informed that it was not ready. There is a big sign over the reception desk that says Check-in Time is 3:00 pm. So... we sat down in the main reception area to wait after changing into something cooler and had a drink. Make sure you pack a t-shirt, and a swimsuit or a pair of shorts in your carry-on. There is a small baggage room near the reception desk to store your luggage while you wait.COMPLAINT: As time passed, we saw people who had been on our bus heading out to their rooms, so we went to the desk to ask about ours, and kept getting the 3:00 routine. At 3, we checked again, and were told it would be another half hour. I wandered down to our building this time, and found our room in the process of being cleaned, so we sat and waited a while longer and had few more drinks. We finally got our room at about 4:00 pm.NOTE: Just remember you're on island time. Impatient Canadians and Americans always want things now, now, now, and that just ain't gonna happen here...ROOM: We were on the first floor in Bldg 13, great location right next to the beach, and away from all the bars. Our room was right next to the bulding entrance, we thought it would be very loud in the evenings due to this, but we barely heard a sound. Room was clean and comfortable, king size bed, firm mattress, wicker furniture, refrigerator, coffee maker, hair dryer, umbrella, ironing board, and a/c that actually had to be turned up it was so cold in the room...BATHROOM: Dated but clean, although the water pressure was very poor. Speaking of water, they have little decals on the mirror warning you not to drink it. This is no problem, our fridge was always stocked with at least 3 liters of bottled water, and you can get more at any bar. The fridge also had pop and beer, so you're good to go.BEACH: The main reason we went! The beach was great, soft sand with a gentle entry. Great body surfing for the whole week I was there. For relaxing, there are tons of lounges available, and umbrella huts if you want shade. Warning... if you find a place on the beach you like, get your towels out and save your chairs before 9:00. I saw some chairs saved before 8:00 and I imagine that some people are out even earlier.NOTE: For the prudes reading this, there are lots of topless women on the beach, get over it! A lot of the people here are Euro, lots of German, French and Spanish, and that's normal across the pond. (Just my opinion, but I think all beaches should be nude or at least c/o, why should we have to wear clothing in the water or to lay in the sun.)POOL: Very good. I won't say great, because there was no deep area. We only used the main pool. Very large area, you won't run into anybody. The max depth in the main pool was about 4-4.5 ft. Swim up bar was good... beer, water and beautiful women, what man could ask for more. Only drawback, there should be more loungers available. There are two other pools, one near the childrens play area, and between the Royal Club area and the beach buffet. When we got there, they were doing maintenance on the Royal Club pool, but it was open by Christmas Day.FOOD: The first thing you have to remember is this... you are not staying in a $1000.00 a night hotel, with a Michelin rated gourmet restaurant. Once you get past this, the food wasn't bad. We ate in the buffet every night and had no complaints. Food was plentiful, and they had a different entree every night, turkey, chicken, roast suckling pig, red snapper, roast beef, etc. There were also lots of salads and Dominican/Caribbean style dishes. Breakfast was good, omelettes, fruits, etc. Lots of different types of breads and rolls. Don't know what it was, but I liked the yellow bread. Buffet line staff were very friendly, although most spoke very little English, if any. No problem, it's their country, make the effort to learn a few words of Spanish. A por favor or gracias here and there goes a long way!On 24 Dec, we made reservations for the Brazilian style Steak House. We looked at the menu at the desk and thought, why not? The woman at the counter did not tell us that all the a la carte restaurants were on a fixed menu that evening. I wished that night that I ate seafood, as I'm sure the lobster bisque and grilled grouper were very good. After drinking our wine, and eating a roll, we left and went to the buffet.DRINK: See above. If you're going down here expecting premium spirits, you'll be disappointed. That aside, the local rum was pretty good, the bartenders were usually pretty generous with it, and if you didn't get enough in your last drink, go back and get another one! I was amazed by the quality of Presidente beer, I wish they sold it up here. Wine was offered every night for dinner, the white wasn't bad, it was drinkable. The red on the other hand smelled and tasted like rare, bloody roast beef. I like a glass of red every now and then, but this stuff was truly horrible. They do have a small bar in the main lounge where you can get premium spirits, but you will pay. You're at an all-in... except for the red swill, drink the local!Bars are all pretty good, and conveniently located in the Main Building, Pool, Beach, and Theater. I never went in, but I'm certain there's also one in the Royal Club. Bar staff were very friendly, and service was generally quick. Juan Carlos at the beach bar was great, double rums whether you wanted them or not. Wife was drinking Pina Colada's on a regular basis, she said they were tasty, but she does not recommend the strawberry daquiri's. One thing there was a distinct lack of considering the number of drinking places, were washrooms.NOTE: People have mentioned this next item in previous posts. If you're a beer drinker, take a plastic Timmys mug, or stop at Cdn Tire and buy one. The beer on the beach comes in tiny little plastic cups. While this may be a good idea, as you don't get sloshed fast and forget to put on your sunscreen, it's also a pain in the [--] to keep running back and forth to the bar all the time.COMPLAINT: The tour sharks. Imagine you're Joe Vacationer, and you've just come out of the breakfast buffet, fat and happy, rubbing your tummy. Suddenly, you're swarmed by three or four hustlers all trying to get you to take their tour. I had one guy named Leonardo trailing behind me for 200 feet, Hola... hola... hola... mister you want to do this... I While I can appreciate that these guys are just trying to make a living, it's still a pain in the [--]. Booths in the lobby would be a better idea.OVERALL: We had a great time, and I would definitely consider going back. All the staff was very friendly and helpful. The facilities are good, not great, but you're definitely getting your bang for the buck. Take sunscreen! The little convenience store at the front of the property sells it... at $20+ a pop! Stop at Shoppers on the way to the airport. Almost forgot, take Immodium or Kaopectate with you... Montezuma may not have ruled here, but some of his cousins escaped, and they want their revenge. See don't drink the water above.Hi to John and Holly from Calgary, wish we were still down there for another week. Enjoy the sun and have a great trip!Frank  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>glowingkate
<Content>The Best Vacation I Have Ever Had!! My vacation at the Grand Occidental was amazing. The staff are incredible and many speak English as well. I have no complaints about the staff, they are always busy working away cleaning or cooking or helping with directions, etc. We also made many friends while there and it is very nice to be surrounded by people from all over the world and to learn new things about another culture. It is a little like living in a bubble due to the nature of the resort so it is good to take a tour outside of the resort just to get to know the country you are visiting. The food was wonderful and their attempt to make dishes to please so many different types of people was a success. We plan on making a trip there every year and our only disappointment was having to leave. I would recommend this place to everyone who understands that you are in a different country and you can appreciate that. The only unhappy people there were moaning about the lack of English and the food but they were they typical bitchy tourist who expects everything to be like it is back home (I won't say where home is for these folks).Super, 5 stars and everyone should go!!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>itscoldhere
<Content>Had a Great Time Just returned two days ago from Occidental Grand Punta Cana. Had a great time, the weather was great, some rain, heavy at times, but mostly at night. The resort is huge, quite spread out. There are lots of things to do, you just have to know when and where to find them. Fortunately for us, 2 couples, we went to relax by the beach or pool and thats basically what we did. Restaurant wise, we enjoyed the buffet the most, the others were mediocre to average. There is some construction going on, and if you can get in one of the recently renovated buildings go for it. The others are showing their age. We were in building 26 which is closest to beach and not yet renovated, but the rooms were a good size, the bathroom was quite big but the shower in our room had very poor water pressure. We had the option of changing rooms on the second day, but by then we were all unpacked and the other couple would have wanted to move too, so we decided to stay where we were. Its helpful to know some spanish, as there can be difficulty in communicating if you dont know any of their words. The staff will do whatever they can to help you, even if they have a hard time to understand what exactly it is you are wanting. They try very hard to please, and do it all day long, every day. There are constantly people in lobby area (monrings mostly) that are trying to tell you about their package which is basically a time share deal. Its annoying and never ending. Going to the plaza just outside the resort can also be a hassle, yes you want to go to shop and get deals, but the constant harrassment from the vendors can be upsetting. Most of the time no gracias will get you out of tight situations, but the vendors can get pretty offensive if you do not want to see their stall. Going to the plaza can be worthwhile if you can handle the constant arguments.The entertainment at the resort was pretty good, better than some others we have been to, but not as good as others. Overall we had a great time, went to relax and thats what we did.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Peppermint76
<Content>Best Vacation Ever My family of 5 just spent 2 weeks at the Occidental Grand, Punta Cana. First of all, I was a little nervous of this resort after reading all the bad reviews. I don't know what people are complaining about. We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Usually we travel to Cuba, but his year decided to try something new, so we went to Punta Cana in the Dominican. We booked with Transat Vacations and our check in was fast. Within 5 minutes of our arrival we were check in and had been assigned our room that was ready. We arrived around 2:30 p.m. We were in Block 13 (which is very close to the beach). Upon arrival at the hotel, we were greated with a glass of fruit punch. A bell hop took us to our room. The room was nicely furnished and clean. The bed was really comfortable. The air conditioning worked well and some times we had to turn up the temperature as the room gota little cold. The only semi-bad comment I will make about the room was that the bathroom was ready for an update. The shower was fine and we always had hot water. There were a few days that our block did not have any electricity for most of the afternoon, but who cared we were not in our room. The rooms have a coffee maker, ironing board, iron and even a golf umbrella in case it rains. Before we left for our vacation we received notice that the main pool was going to be closed for renovation, but when we arrived there were two other pools. We spent most of our time at the beach. The beach was very clean and there were always enough lounge chairs. The beach and the ocean were spectacular. You could walk for miles on the beach. The sand was white and soft. The staff were always cleaning at this resort. Everyday they were out in the mornings washing down the walkways with hoses and scrubbing them with brushes. The grounds are very nicely kept. When we had checked in we were given 5 slips for reservations that had been made for us at the a la cartes for the first week of our stay. We had to go back to the reservation desk at the end of our first week to book for the second week. The reception staff were always friendly and willing to help in any way that they could. One night we wanted to go to another hotel's casino and there was not problem. The hotel called a taxi for us and negotiated the rate. There was always some place that you could get something to eat and the food was good. We were not impressed by the a la cartes, only because I am not a pork or seafood eater and they had a lot of that on the menus. Our favorite a la carte was the mexican. The food was excellent and the wait staff were always very attentive. The main buffet was open for breakfast and dinner and there was always a wide variety of foods to eat. I am a picky eater, but there was always something I would eat. The Home Rum bar served nachos, chees, salsa,french fries, onion rings, hamburgers, hot dogs and had a salad bar for lunch. The beach buffet also had hamburgers, hot dogs, chicken burgers, pizza, fish, pork, chicken, salad bar and dessert bar. There was a pizza place and a taco place that opened every night at 7:00 p.m. and served food until 3:00 a.m. The pizza was really good. While we were down there my son was having a birthday. I was able to make arrangements with the front desk for a Birthday Cake on his birthday and they only charged me $6.00 for the cake. The cake was fresh and tasty. The entertainment staff were friendly and there was always something going on that you could participate in. We tried Archery and shooting for the first time. This resort also has a basketball net. We found that everyone on the resort spoke english very well and we never had any problems communicating with any of the staff. The night time shows were a little disappointing. There were two shows that they put on that were spectacular, but the others were your typical carribean shows with various costumes and dancing. This hotel is definately a 4+ star rating and I don't know what people were complaining about. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a comfortable place to stay and relax. My children (Ages 15 and 11) are already talking about returning to this resort for our next vacation. Please do not listen to the bad reviews this place was well worth the money.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>disneydisneydisney
<Content>Beautiful Resort We stayed at the resort from the 1st to the 7th of December. The ride from the airport to the resort was with VIP travel and they were very quick to get us to our resort. It only took about 15-20 minutes and that was with a stop at another resort to drop off the other couple in the van with us.When we arrived at the hotel, we immediately were checked in with no wait. We had requested two beds since we were with our kids. The rooms were so spacious that we were instead were able to get a king bed and two rollaway beds. That was a nice surprise. Again, no wait for the rollaways.*Note: our in-laws also were there and they were placed in an un-renovated building. We were in a newly renovated building. When we asked if they could be moved to our building we were told that the new rooms were full, but that if they came back to the desk the next day that they would be moved to our building. We figured that they would forget, but they didn't. What a difference between the old and new rooms. We stayed in building 24 and it was beautiful! The rooms have a king bed, a gauzy privacy curtain and then a sitting area with 2 large charis, a coffe table, armoire with new tv, and a desk/dresser. The closets are brand new with shelves and poles, are lit inside, and contain your safe. There is also a separate wet bar closet with counter, coffee maker, water, beer, soda, etc. The bathrooms were remodeled as well with plenty of counter space. The rooms have a blow dryer, iron, and ironing board. There is also a nice patio or balcony with a table and chairs. The room's A/C worked almost too good. Anything you need, just ask the maids as they are very friendly.The beach was amazing! There are some topless women, but our kids didn't seem to notice. It's no big deal there. That was the only place we saw topless women. Right next to the beach is the beach buffet and bar. We prefered this buffet on some of the days. This bar has the best bartenders. Tip once and they will never forget you...and add lots of rum to your drinks! Sometimes we had more rum than mix!The pool is awesome as well. Big, beautiful, perfect. The swim up bar is convenient and there is the HomeRum snack bar above it. You can get nachos, cheese, french fries, salsa, burgers, chicken patties, and hot dogs there every day. Also, this is where you go if you want SOFT serve ice cream. The rest of the restaurants have regular. The breakfast buffet was good. The dinner just OK. But then again, it just depends on what you like. We found their meat there a little strange. It wasn't made poorly, just not what we were used to. I think that a lot of the negative reviews don't take the fact that they are a different culture into consideration. One thing that was a hit every single morning and night were the crepes. You can get them filled with bananas, chocolate chips, chocolate syrup, apples, peaches, cherries, etc. The italian restaurant was by far the best. The Brazilian was OK too, just remember their meat is different. One no fail place to eat at night is the pizza shop at the top of the grand staircase. There is also a taco shop up there as well.The nightly entertainment was decent. Nothing that will blow your mind, but it's not supposed to be Broadway. One show that was really good was their Michael Jackson impersonation show. That was the most entertaining for all of the age groups. We would check out the shows and stay if we liked it, leave if we didn't. One drink to be sure to try: the banana mama. So good! Addictive too. One tip I would highly recommend: bring an insulated cup. We brought ours from our past Disney trip and they came in so handy. First of all, it will save you trips back and forth to the bar, and your drink will stay cold SO much longer. Other wise, you will be given a small plastic cup at the pool or beach that will melt in minutes. At night you get them in glasses, but they are very narrow and small. The men played golf at Cocotal and loved it. It was a long course, but a good one. Cost: $149On our way back to the airport they picked us up in a bus, so it took a little longer since there were more stops. That will just depend on where you fall in the line up. It was a clean and air-conditioned bus though, so that was nice.The airport was a little tricky since there was a communication problem, but it turned out OK. IMPORTANT: You cannot take liquids that you buy past security. NO liquid mamajuanna (their local drink) or rum, or even wine. They also will search your checked luggage for the mamajuanna. We bought the dry mix of mamajuanna that you can add the rum and other liquids too later. They let us take it in our carry on. Just be warned. You can try shots of it at the resort and buy it from the shop or vendors if you like it. Do not buy it in liquid form if you want to take it home. Ask for dry. Also, you'll get better prices from the beach side vendors than at the gift shops. Go to the beach and walk down to you right about a half mile. You will run into 4 or 5 shacks that sell jewelry, cigars, rum, shot glasses, nick-nacks, mamajuanna, you name it. They will start of way too high. If they ask for $70 offer $30 and go from there. If they ask for $45 offer $20. If they say no, walk out. They will call you back at your offer. If you are there to buy cigars, you are in luck. They will light you up a free one at every place to try and get you to buy more. Each new place will tell you the one you have is junk. It's funny to watch them make their sale. They all sell the same stuff and call the other guy's junk. But hey, they gotta make a living!Good luck and have fun!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>grundste
<Content>My Vacation - One Word...Delicious I'm back and we had a wonderful time on our vacation. We went for 10 days and it was great. A friend of ours told us about this place and she's a time-share owner. However, when I read all the reviews I was so sceptical that I wanted to cancel the reservation. My husband told me just to leave it as is and I decided not to expect too much. I did however, contact the hotel directly to make sure we had reservations and that we wouldn't have the nightmare of waiting for a while. The shuttle was waiting for us when we arrived at the airport and when we arrived at the hotel, it was beautiful. Right away they checked us in and we gave us some drinks. The room was very nice, I really liked where we stayed (building 12) because it was closer to the beach and far away from the show noise during the night. The beach is so BEAUTIFUL, I could have stayed there all day. My hubby and daughter preferred the pools, they were very nice. The main was just had a major renovation and they opened it while we were there and we got to enjoy it, however, I could do pool here in MA anytime, the ocean was just exquisit. Everything wasn't perfect however. I noticed that that bed spread was dirty and got it out of the room imedialtey. The sheets were clean, but I called them and complaint about the spread, I told them that I didn't want a bed spread if it was going to be dirty, I didn't get another one which was fine by me. I like my sheets clean and I have to make sure my daughter is not sleeping in someone else's filth. It terms of the Time Share presentation, I'm good at saying no, but they kept hounding my husband to come to a presentation, he went and I didn't (rather be at the beach then a presentation), thankfully, because I wasn't there, it was short and they really couldn't give him all the info - so if your partner is bad at saying no, but you aren't, then just don't go, it worked out well. As far as buying merchandise, make sure to bargain, they would try to sell things to my hubby things at a higher price (he's american, blonde with blue eyes, I'm Colombian) so I noticed that when they dealt with me it was a bit different. Go low, low, low. So in general, speaking Spanish did help a great deal, but the majority of the workers at the resort do speak a bit of Enlish. The shows for kids were a bit corny but my 5 year old was entertained, the grown-up shows were overall good and entertaining. However, some of them were a bit too much in my book, with girls dancing around half naked, I didn't feel comfortable with my daughter there so a couple of times we had to leave earlier. The entertainers like Julio, Samuel and Will were great, they were good and very amicable. The food was good, I don't know how people say they lost weight. The buffett was very good, lots of everything and we went to the restaurants as well. The Italian was my least favorite, didn't like it, the rest were good. The alcoholic drinks are ok, nothing premium, but it was ok. Spa: I got 3 massages, but they weren't that good. I prefer my regular girl here at home and she's cheaper. I got my hair done, and it turned out nice eventhough it wasn't what I wanted. I would definetely go back, it was great. Oh one more thing, if you are a parent...please don't allow your young teenage girl(s) to go ALONE to the club...the guys are aggressive and there are prostitutes. I went one night with a group and it was ok, I love dancing and that I did, but you have to peel the guys off ya and I did see some stuff going down with the prostitures, so I didn't go back. However, I did notice one mom that was ok with her teenage daughter going alone almost every night...and then they wonder why they are pregnant, into drugs or disappear...anyway, I get agitated about things like that...be smart, if you don't have much hold on them, then go with them even if they don't like it! Okay, if you are going have fun, don't feel bad saying no and enjoy the beach. Also, lots of breasts, after a while you get use to it...I didn't know there were so many color, shapes and sizes :)!!Adios!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mattison17
<Content>Don"t Go To This Place! I just returned from the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Let me begin by saying the communication from the staff is lacking to say the least. When my wife and I and another couple first arrived the problems began. The hotel did not have our reservation and it took them over 2 hours to get us both rooms. While this was going on, the completely ignored us like we were not even standing in front of them. So since they were ignoring us, I started to take a quick look around. The lobby furniture looked like it had been there since it first opened. The main pool was closed which I was told it had been for the past 3 weeks. After being told it is opening the next day for 2 days, it finally opened. The buffet restaurant had patched holes in the ceilings throughout the entire place. Just look around and you can't miss it. Finally we get our rooms. A partial ocean view! Well only if you lean your entire body over the balcony! The room I stayed in had rust and mildew in the shower and it was missing the drain cover. The toilet was repaired by god only knows who because the amount of sealant on the bottom of it could have done the entire bathroom twice! We also had lovely bugs coming out of the sick, which we complained about and was told, You must be on the first floor. After my complaints with my friends having problems in their room too, we both were told by Cesar at the front desk to come back in an hour (they say that whenever you need something) and he would have 2 ocean view rooms for us to check into. One of the rooms was available at that time and one was checking out and needed to be cleaned. My friend and I accepted that from him and returned in that hour. When we got back, he told us one minute (an hour later) he will take care of us. After sitting in the lobby and getting impatient, we went up to the desk and asked for Cesar. We were told that he left for the day and they have no idea what we were talking about. We got upset to say the least. They offered us one ocean view room. We checked it and found the AC broken and even one of the staff said it too. But management said there was nothing wrong. Well we stayed in the room we had and my friend got the room next to us. Now on to the food! One of the restaurants that they booked for us was closed when we got there due to repairs. Don't you think they would tell us before they booked it for us? Well the food was gross and the wine we were served (house wine) looked and tasted nasty. All the liquor was bottom shelf and if you wanted to purchase top shelf, they gave you the equivalent of a shot. The language barrier between some of the guests and all of the staff was terrible. If you don't know Spanish, you are in trouble. If the promoters did not stop harassing us, we were going to scream. They have a job to do but it gets under your skin after telling them 50 million times NO. The shows we did not go to because it was mostly in their language and the casino was about the size of a studio apartment. I can go on and on forever telling people how bad it was but the bottom line is, find another resort other than this one.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>boomhauer
<Content>Decent Value for Budget Travel       sandal shine!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>MontrealCobra
<Content>What a week...       A little shade  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TravelCruzer
<Content>Loved it!!! FIrst time to Carribean. Long, but please read!!!! What a great time beside a few setbacks which everyone had to endure. Yes a two hour wait to check in.. big deal, your in paradise. Friendly staff, language barrier sometimes difficult, but hey the four of us made it just fine. Great food, tried all the restaurants, each one with there own uniqueness. If you try and speak Spanish, the staff will love you even more, and I mean a mere hello, how are you or two rum and cokes please. Contrary to what we heard, we ate the meat, we had the salads, and we were all fine. Gotta love all the bars eh. Late night snacking at the pizza or taco stand after Mangu... you know.  As far as the hotel goes, great staff, great food, booze always flowing... always flowing, clean; we all always had hot water, clean towels... and if u leave a tip the maids will leave flowers and fold the towels into a swan or some sort of animal. By the way if Michael Jackson is playing one of the nights... Yeah, check it out, its pretty solid. I suggest signing up for at least a couple tours outside of the resort. An Air Canada rep set us up for a bunch of tours, a bunch of us had a meeting where a bunch of tours where outline and we were able to choose which ones we like to sign up for. There鈥檚 probably gonna be a guy there Mr. Happy or Happy Man, calling u his family, good deal for u, yadda yadda. Its an atv/dune buggy/ horseback rental. At first hey, dune buggies, you think great why not lets kill it. Umm not so much... the most ghetto set-up ever.. machines pretty much falling apart. One of our guides machines the wheel almost fell off, we had just started and we were already down one. But besides stupid guys rolling their quads and us getting stuck in the sand it was really cool to cruz along the Caribbean ocean in a dunebuggie with kids running by waving and yelling, good way to see the country side.  One side note; don't be afraid of all the guys with semi-automatic machine guns, their there for your protection, really. Intimidating at first, if you wave and smile they always give you a big smile and wave back. So the dunebuggies... little expensive, but worth it; and bring your spf 50 along... gets a little warm. The four of us also booked a tour called the Tropical Storm tour, supposed to be a romantic see the sunset have a lobster dinner.. small 20 person catamaran. At first it was a real tropical storm, I mean forget the sunset.. we had waves.. dark clouds and pissing down rain... and cold. No amount of rum could cheer us up at first. But we stopped to go diving with the fish, and when your body hits that warm water, u cheer right up. I could not believe my eyes, all the tropical fish swimming around. Awesome staff.. bunch of younger Dominican guys and two girls.. one Dominican one from Montreal. Diving with the fish unreal. Before we knew it the sky鈥檚 had parted the sun came out and were were all dancing on the boat. We arrived at this natural swimming hole where the water is warm and 4 feet deep for miles. Just sand, star fish and a floating bar, where most of us including the staff indulged in a game of volleyball , well drunken keep the ball in the air. So much fun!! Me and my buddy ended up having a flex off with the guy staff, so we have a great picture of all of us flexing with our shirts off. At the end went for a great lobster dinner in a great little place., cant remember the name but sooo good!!! (Jellyfish I think) Very friendly parrots there as well, had two on each of my shoulders at one point. We also got our own free bottle of Mumajuna without liquid to take home with our pictures on it.... so awesome!!!!! So say yes to the Tropical Storm tour. We also signed up to go swimming with nerf sharks and stingrays. We had such a great experience with the TS tour we couldn't wait for this one. Boy were we wrong. They had us packed on the boat like sardines, huge boat, tones of ppl, just packed on. Once in the water try getting kicked in the head, or scraped by ppls flippers. What a gong show. Packed into small cages to see the sharks and rays. Not a fun time, would not suggest going on the Marinarium tour! Stay away!  Our final trip was with the Outback Safari. And what a great time. We had the best driver and guide out of the whole company. Hose Louis our driver and Raphael or guide. Great way to see how the people live. Saw a coffee bean farm, how they made chocolate and coffee, were able to by coffee beans and such. Got to see schools, hospital clinics and lots of little kids, so cute, but you really see how poor they all are. Bring stuffed toys and such to give to the kids, they are so happy when they receive a cool gift. Drinking on the tour bus cruzing around the country and through the jungle, so many fruit trees, animals. Awesome time. Got to go body boarding at one the beaches, Awesome time.  At the market, and on the beach, after awhile the people get really annoying trying to sell you stuff... cheapie cheapie... my friend my friend... Canadian... ahh cheapie cheapie. And try to make it downtown to the corner bar for a few beers.. they don't speak any English but it doesn't matter. .Dos cerveza, por favor. Sorry for this being so long, but I hope you enjoyed our review/ little story. All in all I would say it is a great place to go travel, and great resort! Oh Yeah... Friday and Saturday gotta hit up Mangu the disco bar.. packed in there, great times. So...Divertirse, emborracharse!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Roby-Luna
<Content>Can't wait to return! I spent such a lovely holiday at the Occidental Grand flamingo in Punta Cana. I loved every day there.The hotel is big with 3 lovely pools.The beach is large,long and white,.The watersport are included if you'are in all inclusive option. The customer service desk is busy but always really friendly and if you speck spanish would be easier comunicate. The food at the 4restaurants and in the daily buffet is various and tasty every day long. Every night there's a different show and entertaiment for children too. This hotel is great for coupple and family. I raccomended it as a great sunny place to spend a holiday. You'll love it.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mandymac1
<Content>Fantastic holiday We have just returned from a two week trip to this resort, we were there from the 7th-21st Nov. We were a bit nervous about travelling here as we had read quite a few bad reviews, but we had already booked so off we went. I travelled with my husband, teenage son, and younger daughter, my sister and her family.We arrived and checked in with no problems, we asked for the safe key/lock straight away as suggested by other travellers to save us going back later. We had requested rooms next to each other as we were travelling in a party of 8 with 2 rooms, which we got on the ground floor of building 10. The rooms were slightly dated, but very clean and all was working well (this block is not one of the refurbished ones), and we had no complaints untill the evening when it was time to go to bed. The building is very close to the lobby which has loud music playing at night and as we were travelling with children they could not sleep, so the next day we requested a room change. There were a few problems here as they had no rooms available, but with much persistance, and with some help from our tour rep they moved us within 2 days to an upgraded room in the vacation club section, this turned out to be fantastic as we had 3 adjoining rooms, with my teenage son being able to get his own room, so we were pleased. The only downfall we experienced here was they had so much rain over a period of three days that we got a leak in the bathroom, but not too much of a problem as we had two others and it stopped when the rain stopped. The beds were very comfortable. The hotel grounds are beautiful, lots of plants and trees we were very impressed, lots of little gecko's running around. The grounds are kept spotlessly clean, they are forever cleaning. The main pool was closed which we were unaware of and a little disappointed at as they were refurbishing it. They were also refurbishing several of there buildings too.The beach was lovely, the sea was quite rough most of the time we were there, but we did experience some unusually wet and windy weather, but we had a couple of calm days and the sea was beautiful, the sea was always warm, as was the weather even in the rain. You do get people selling things on the beach but they do not harrass you, we got a few good bargains but make sure you haggle. Just smile and say no gracias if you are not interested and they will leave you alone.We found the food at the resort was great, the buffet was lovely with lots of selection, i enjoyed breakfast time the most. The pizzeria upstairs was fantastic and we ate there most nights, we tried the mexican and that was good, we also tried the steakhouse which we did not enjoy (the steak was lovely), but they way they served the food was bizarre and we got tired of waiting. The homerum restaurant was good if you ate at lunch but no so good later in the day, we tended to keep to the restaurant by the royal club at lunch, the chicken is lovely.I have to say the staff were a big part of making our holiday so enjoyable, they were all so lovely and friendly and hardworking. We tipped the maid daily a dollar or two, always had plenty of water and soft drinks, and left tips occasionally at mealtimes, we also tipped the ladies on our last day who showed us to our tables everyday in the buffet, they were so lovely. The staff work very long hours for 12 days at a time, then get 3 days home with there family, but always keep smiling. We didnt see many of the shows, but we went to the kids show every night as our kids too part, they had a great time, the other shows we saw was the black light show, which was good and the Michael Jackson show, which absolutely fantastic and a definate must see.We didnt do many excursions just one to a canadian shop which we thought was going to be some sort of shopping centre, but to be honest was a waste of time, and expensive, just a tiny shop wih bits of jewelry and souvenirs, wish we hadnt gone. The other trip was to Manati park which we bought through a rep on the hotel site, he conned us a bit as he said the kids could swim with dolphins so we paid $65 dollars each and when we got there was told the kids had to be 8yrs. We were not amused they would not give us our money but so we had to settle for the kids to get their photo taken with them, but not swim. It was a good trip if nothing else but to see the outside world its very interesting, their driving is nothing like ive seen before. The rest of the family enjoyed swimming with the dolphins, the pool was a bit small though.Overall we had a fantastic holiday, even if the weather let us down a bit, we met some lovely people, and the resort really was lovely. We treated people how we expected to be treated ourselves, we will definately go back, but may choose a different time of year only because of the weather.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>postieVictoriaB_C_
<Content>No Complaints We stayed the week of Nov.12-19. No problems with check in. We were sitting down to a drink and a meal 30 minutes after walking into the lobby and being taken to our room.I would just like to say that I have not been to an all inclusive since doing a Club Med. 27 yrs. ago and my girlfriend had never been to one so we really can't compare it to any other hotels that we have stayed at.The room-- It was clean and everything worked. The complaints about no hot water--It was never steaming hot like we all have at home but it was more than warm enough to shower with. The maids were great. The room was spotless and fresh towels and sheets every day.Building #13 closes to the beach [besides the Royal Club]. 1 minute walk to the beach--2 -3 to the lobby and main buffet restaurantThe food-- The Buffet--Just great. Lots of selections for all meals and great staff. We did 4 a la carte's.La Hacienda[2]-Les Reses-Via Veneto.Again all had great food and service. If you decide to do a la carte do your bookings as soon as you arrive. We did have a bit of a problem with language trying to set the reservations up. We just showed up one night at one of the restaurants with no reservation and we were shown right to a table. They never seemed more than 2/3 full.The Beach---What can you say! Awesome! Try to go down before breakfast and reserve your chairs. There were always some available but prime spots gone early. You may find your things removed by some arrogant b***h like we did one day but not worth hassling over. Walk down the beach to the right about 10 minutes for shopping. Don't forget your Bubba-Keg!Tours--Again book as soon as you can. Only two of the many tours run on Sundays. We did Outback Jungle Safari[full day] and The Caribbean Festival[1/2 day].Both were great especially the Safari where you really got out of the resort mentality and saw the real Dominican Republic.The Pool--Yes the main pool is being repaired. Looks like it would be ready to go in a week or so depending on weather. Two other pools are available. I never set foot in them once. Why would you with a beach and ocean like that! Tourista--I have been to Hawaii Mexico and Tahiti and I had it in all of them.S**t happens. The food-too much booze-the ice in the drink-the tap water you use to brush your teeth[forgot to use bottled]. Who knows. Deal with it. Bring your meds.There is a Pharmacia 5 minute walk up the road from the resort.Great little watering hole on the corner called Steves. You will probably find the two Mike's there! We had a great time at the resort and would return again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SUNFUN12345
<Content>Great Vacation! First off let me start by telling you my husband and I had an amazing vacation. This is a 4.5 star hotel and I do believe that that is a little high. Our room was very clean and nice. We had a seperate seating area, large bathroom and a very high ceiling. The staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful. The bartenders were all also very friendly. The servers were overworked and slow. I found that at all the restaurants the service was poor. It seemed that they needed more staff and were rushing around. The food at the restaurants were very good. The food at this resort was good and I am a picky eater. The beach was beyond beautiful. It is kept very clean and free of rocks and seaweed. A main negative about the resort is the hotel staff always harassing you to get their welcome package. Every single time we went to the buffet or lobby we were bothered. They took no for an answer it just took a few no's. Oh the entertainment was not very interesting. If you are looking for a lesser expensive holiday where the beach is beautiful, the food is good and the rooms are clean this is the place to go.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Charlie_121
<Content>Upgraded through problems We had arrived at the resort and had to wait approximately 2 hours to get into our room. We would have gone directly to our room but there was some confusion with the reservation. We had an e-ticket with 4 people on it for 2 rooms. They gave us rooms at opposite ends of the complex. We asked for ajoining rooms but they don't exist in the Dominican. When they did finally give us our room, they upgraded us to the 5* part of the resort. We had a private dining room, private pool and beach area with free internet and safe for the room in the royal club. We were given 2 suites. We enjoyed all that comes with the 5* experience. The only problem was that we had rain for 3 days and on the last night that it rained, it was coming in under the patio door and down the wall from the roof. The one main complaint that I have is that the bathtub was disgusting. You would not want to take a bath there...that's for sure. The maid was constantly in our room and we rarely saw her. There is a turn down service and we got chocolates 2 nights when we returned from the nightly entertainment. All of the staff were very accomodating and in the Royal Club, the staff were well versed in the english language. There were many activities to part in but we enjoyed just relaxing. I would definitely recommend this hotel especially in the Royal Club section.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	5	5	

<Author>mjvaca
<Content>Read This Please I KNOW THIS IS LONG BUT PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU VISIT DR!!!It depends on what kind of a vacation you are looking for but I can honestly say, DR is not for me. To begin, DR is very poor and seems to be pretty unsafe in most areas. I have done a lot of traveling and DR was probably the most unsafe place I have been. I want to start by saying, the sand on the beach is gorgeous and the hotel food is very good. The buffet (Le Buffet) is pretty much where we ate every night (I can also recommend the Mexican restaurant and the Beach Club - also very good food).The hotel itself was very nice looking on the outside but the rooms seemed to be luck of the draw. Some had hot water, some had better AC and many were dirtier than others (a certain strange odor (nicely put) seemed to linger in many of the rooms). The resort was big, which only caused a problem when it rained (which it did most of my vacation) because you had to walk a good distance to get to the beach, lobby, restaurants...and you were soaked by the time you got there and it's can be irritating after a few long days of rain.As far as the hotel staff and it's amenities, lets just say, I can look back and laugh (now that I am home). The staff (as well as many of the visitors) do not speak English, not even a little bit of English. This can be very frustrating if you are trying to get answer, which was impossible at this hotel. Not only was there a language barrier, but the staff themeselves although very pleasent, seemed very unconcerned with basic hospitality. Make sure you have all your arrangements in check prior to your arrival because you will not be able to get an answer from the staff!!!The shows and activities were nothing less than CHEESY in my opinion. This also depends on what you like, but off-beat singing to bad songs and very goofy dance moves equals total cheese to me. But, the good thing is, if you don't like the entertainment, don't sit by them on the beach and do not attend the shows at night (although the signing is so loud you can hear it throughout the entire resort).The beach was the most interesting part!!! Please be advised, there will be a lot of old ladies that love showing what they got, if you know what I mean!!! And don't forget about their husbands, they love wearing small spedos and yes, thongs !!! Not a great sight for me or any children that are subjected to looking at all that good stuff, if you want to venture anywhere outside of your own room (It is actually quite funny). If the beautiful sand and warm water is not good enough for you, not to worry, you can also get a massage (in front of all the people on the beach), get your fake nails put on, get a temporary tattoo or even braid your hair...all things that just make the atmospher even more tacky then I thought possible!!!In the end, it was nice to get a tan in the winter but if you want a somewhat classier type of vacation...do not go to DR. This resort was one of the nicer place in DR and trust me, it's TACKY!!! If you are looking for a quick, cheap getaway, filled with interesting people (nicely put also) then DR is the place for you, otherwise look around at other great places in the caribbean.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	1	1	4	

<Author>katiemac302
<Content>HoneyMoon BUST ! ! We heard nothing but good things ... That was the only good thing.. We get there and the swim up pool was closed... There was no warning about this happening.. The next day we try to go on an excursion, well the car broke down, we get a taxi which gets LOST and we miss the Excursion... 2 days before we leave the Power goes out throughout the Hotel which means no plumbing .... That was out the entire day/night ...They didn't comp. anything which tells me they could care less ! There were annoying people trying to sell you crap that you don't want ... I got so sick from the food that I missed the last day there ! I've been to a lot of places but this is one that I DON'T suggest to anyone .. For them to not let us know the main swim up pool was closed was a shock ... The shows at night there got worse everynight .. All I have to say is, DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU ! !  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>SunSeekersWoodstock
<Content>Best Beach We've Seen! We spent the week of Nov. 11- 18th in a Junior Suite within the Royal Club. This is by far the best way to go at this resort.The staff was exceptional, the food above average and the drinks were premium. Outside of the Royal Club the buffets and ala carte restaurants were not even close. We ate once at the Las Reses, and once at the Oriental but didn't like either.Over and over you read how beautiful the beach is, this is so very true, it is the most beautiful we've ever seen!We did the day trip to Saona Island, ($88 ea.). It's a long trip, leaving at 7 am and returning at 7 pm but we highly recommend it. The bus tour to the marina gives you a good view of the towns and way of life of the Dominican people. The 50+ ft. catamaran trip to the island was awash with rum, music and great views. The lunch on the island was above average and the scenery fantastic.Although the resort was undergoing several repairs, it had no impact on our stay. Having the main pool closed for resurfacing may bother some but with their beach and warm ocean, we could care less.The resort is situated within a 10 minute walk to a huge flea market. We ventured to the market for souvenirs but you need to haggle with the vendors on prices. It appeared you could purchase items for less then half of their starting price.The shop vendors get a little tiring after a bit vying to get you into their shops for cheapie cheapie prices, those who have traveled much know what I mean.For those who smoke, cigars are sold everywhere and smoking is tolerated even in the airport.All in all, it was a great time, more then what we expected. Let me emphasize once more...stay at the Royal Club for the best food and close proximity to the beach.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EnzaToronto
<Content>Awsome Time Second Time Around We just got back from Punta Cana and of course we stayed at the Occidental Grand. I am going to keep this short and sweet!!!It really makes me question those who give this place such bad reviews.This is our second time back again with the same group of people 7 in total out of 7 there are 3 children 15yrs, 13yrs and 7 yrs. We all had an awsome time. Realistically it dosn't matter where you go and if it is not 5 1/2 star then your expectations should really be fair so to those that didn't like it i suggest you stay at hotels no less than 5 1/2.The way i see it for the money we paid we got a smashing deal. they gave us rooms that are part of the premium club which were nice.I noticed that there are a lot of rude people vacationing and noticed that when the locals would greet these people there were some who simply said nothing this made me sad i suppose those are the people who claim that the staff were not friendly or rude?!!!! Gee i wonder why?We totally opened ourselves up to the staff and always reminded the children to be curtiouse and we were treated like family and made so many friends with the staff. (Bar tenders, fun club, at lunch at dinner.)The only negative thing i have to say is that the main pool was under construction which really took away from the hotel. As well buildings 23, 24, 25 and maybe a couple other buildings we also under construction if you are easily bothered by this i say don't go...we had so much fun the beach was so glorious that we were so oblivious with regards to the construction around us.Oh we also lost power on the resort for about 4 hours at about 3pm SH@# happens but we made the best of it.We are planning already to go back again next year to visit all the new friends we made!!!!!WE LUVED IT!!!!If anyone has any questions please let me know.Cheers,Enza  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>guide16
<Content>Second time unlucky Had a great holiday in 2006 so went back this year, a big mistakeWe were given a room with somebody already in the room and then another room where virtually nothing worked for eg. air conditioning would not switch off, no hair dryer, fridge broken, water coming through toilet roof, no wardrope lights, no glasses in room, no batteries in tv remote control, toilet running all the time etc.I offered to give reception a list of the room 11/110 problems so they could fix them for the next guests but they were not interested.Next day we were upgraded to premium class block 23.For three days we had sometimes luke warm water or no hot water.Again they offered to change us if the water problem was not sorted out by evening, it was and we were happy, but only for two days and then cold again.When we went to reception to complain it went straight over the recepionists head and we asked for the manager, he was very apologetic and said to come back at 15h00 for a room change.Again we packed our suitcases and went back at 15h00 only to find reception knew nothing about our room change and told us to come back at 16h00After sitting in a hot lobby for an hour we went back to reception again only to find a new receptionist knew nothing about our room change.We eventualy got a room change and the last few days of our holiday was fine.The main pool which is featured in the brochures was closed for the duration of our stay.The hotel said they had informed the travel companies, also there was a smell of paint and varnish every where you went accompanied by building noise.This hotel has major problems with their maintaniince and reception staff not knowing what the left hand is doing from the right hand.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	1	2	3	

<Author>Fishinguspo
<Content>The only thing Grand about the Grand Flamenco is the name       Great Tour  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>bossEngland
<Content>don,t go !!! arrived on 29th oct 2007 stayed until 7th nov could'nt stand it anymore so we paid extra and went to the majestic what a fantastic hotel and what a difference.the day we arrived at the occidental the pool was being drained asked the reps but no-one seemed to know anything about it, within 2 days there were about 40 if not more locals hammering away at the render from dawn till dusk, also the two apartment blocks either side of the childrens pool were being renovated as well so if you sat there you had to put up with builders ogling you, whistling and saying god knows what in spanish.the timeshare reps were constantly harrassing us and even tried to sell my son in law drugs. The food was'nt great there were six in our party and four of us got sick.I have travelled all over and stayed in many different types of hotels, and if it was'nt for the building work and the reps it would have been fine, but don't go until they have it sorted.I never relaxed until we moved hotels.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	1	2	2	

<Author>banannamama
<Content>Vacation Gone Wrong I just came home from the hotel from HELL. We had a large group of us attending our good friends wedding. From the time we checked in, till the time we left, they made no effort to help with not one problem. We had no clean towels, no grand pool with bar (under construction), no hot water for many rooms, one night at a resturant with an opening all other nights booked. We also had the worst time with needing a voucher to do everything. The management was just a absolute joke. The list goes on and on with this place. The best thing about the trip was the good times we had as a group making the best out of it. Our friends wedding thank God turned out perfect, the rest was unexceptable. My advice to someone looking into this hotel is look some more!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	3	1	3	

<Author>fussbutt1
<Content>Trip From Hell We recently stayed at this resort from Nov.8-12 with a large group as our great friends got married here. I will first say the great things about the trip were we were there with good friends, the beaches were beautiful, and the wedding was very nice!Before I went on this trip I was reading all the reviews and tried going there with an open mind but is was a nightmare. I was there for 5 days I had warm water to shower 1 night, another night I took a shower in the one pool that was opened because we didn't have power for 4 hours. We never had clean towels, the food is a joke you can't make a reservation even the moring of we did get lucky and the one night we had reservations at the itialian rest. and they had no air hot as can be and the service was so bad we were the first seating they ran out of lasagne and red sauce at an Itialian restuarant. So don't plan on having good food while you there I will say it may be the first vacation I think I lost weight. The only good thing I have to say about this whole trip is if it weren't that I was with my best of friends it would've been even worst but we had to just make the best of it! I don't ever complain about things but this was bad, I'm telling you don't stay here. The only thing I can think of that people that have good reviews about this place is that they have never been anyplace else! I am totally game for any feedback anyone would like. I suggest if going to Punta Cana stay at Paridisius I did hear from many other's here at the same time that Paridisus truely was paridise!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	5	1	-1	

<Author>lilaNewJersey
<Content>Nice, but First I must say Punta Canta is beautiful. The beaches are really nice and clean. The hotel was nice but we had a couple of issues towards the end that ruined it for us. We paid a little extra to stay at the conceirge area, which I highly recommend. You get your own area on the beach so you do not have to fight for beach space and your own pool. There was a power outage the last day and we could not get into our room to finish packing after breakfast. We had to get someone from security to let us in. When we checked out, I did not bring the room cards with me since they were useless anyway at the time and the front desk insisted I get them. Again, I had to find a security guard to let me in. They were not very helpful and did not offer anything beyong the usual amentiies. I guess that is the risk you take with all inclusive resort. The food was good, there was a nice selection of restaurants. I would go back to DR but I probably stay at a different resort.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>randsterh
<Content>I wished I had stayed home We stayed at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana it gets confusing since there as several Occidental properties in Punta Cana I want to make sure the right property gets credit for their poor performance.Let's start with the 2 hour check in when we were the only people in line and they couldn't find my reservation even though I gave them the liberty travel voucher. We were finally given a key to a room that someone was already occupying. I am handicapped and requested a first floor room only to be put on the second floor with no elevators. We went 3 days before they got us air conditioning, one day with no hot water, 7 days with mold and part of the bathroom ceiling missing as well as a tub that we wore sandles in due to the dark discoloration.Lanquage is a problem here as many of the staff do not speak English.The food is poor at best I actually lost weight at an all inclusive. My biggest complaint though is the constant harrassment we received from the staff that tried to sell us time shares. When the sun finally came out and I was trying to relax on the beach and get some sleep the staff had no problem waking me up to sell me on the benifits of their time shares. Additionally the beach is not private so the locals go through constantly whistling trying to sell their wares. By the way they closed the pool for 3 weeks that you see the pictures of with the swim up bar, there was no warning. The beach and the ocean are beautiful as are the grounds but the other problems are far to pervasive to overlook.I stayed at Sandles Montego Bay last year and they earned their star rating. How this resort ever got a 4 1/2 star rating is beyond me.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>lulu1364
<Content>Mixed feelings I've been to Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana twice. The first time, I went with a church group and had a wonderful time. This time around, I wasn't very happy. Let's start with the good stuff. I can't say enough about the bellhops, housekeeping, bar personnel - they were wonderful. My mother had bought a suitcase full of clothes to give to the poor. She asked the bellhop who delivered us to our room about where she could send clothes and he was very helpful, since he himself came from a poor town and knew that his neighbors would benefit. He also went on his day off into the city of Higuey and picked up some cheeses and sweets for my mom. The rooms were always kept clean and anything you needed, all you had to do was ask housekeeping . Service was fast and friendly. Bartenders were great - friendly, helpful and humorous - they kept us laughing. The entertainment staff was great also. Their nightly shows wonderful, lively, spectacular. My son enjoyed the children's activities, daycare as he called it. He participated in a fashion show and in an artist impersonation lip-syncing show (he was Ricky Martin - dressed in jeans, white t-shirt and spiked hair). Everyone loved Ricky. Pool, beach area cooling, wonderful, restful. Rooms clean, beds soft and comfortable. What I disliked about my trip this time was the rudeness of both front desk staff and the main buffet restaurant staff. I believe they each needed more training. I felt like a second class tourist. Let me explain, I am dominican/puertorican and look it. I don't look european, oriental, or caucasian. I felt that my money was worth nothing, since I didn't look rich enough and looked like a local. We had to wait for water and/or for restaurant staff to clear away dirty dishes. Sometimes we had to wait up to 15 minutes before we were noticed. The last day we were there, my sister pulled out a $20 bill and waved it in the air to see who would jump at the chance to get the bill, since we'd been waiting for 10 mins and european guests who had just come in were seated, accomodated, and what would you like?, how can I be of assistance? I believe that a hotel/resort should treat everyone alike - after all, we are tourists alike and worked hard to save money and spend it in their establishment. The front desk staff were rude, confrontational, not helpful at all - I guess my looking to local meant no tip. I didn't even get the welcome, here's the map, this is where your staying, spiel.Other than the aforementioned, I did have a good time, my son had a an even better time, but I won't be going back.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>hlywud
<Content>Occidental Grand PC is good       Swim up  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>caramela_7
<Content>Our vacation at the Occidental Grand Flamenco My husband, daughter, her boyfriend and myself just spent an amazing week at this resort. Unfortunately vacations must end. It is a wonderful place to stay. The nightly entertainment is EXCELLENT!!! Michael and Magnolia are the best. The buffet is Excellent, you need not bother with the other restaurants, although they are good the portions are small and the service is sloooooww. The grounds are beautiful, the pictures do not do them justice. The rooms, on the other hand need improvement.We had a leak,the tub is like the one at home and there were days with no hot water,but, despite the room situation, we were hardly in it so it was no big deal. The lobby bar is the best. They make the best drinksand the pool bar comes in second, after that ,they are all pretty good. I would recommend this hotel and I will be returning soooooon!!!!!.I hope this was helpful.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	2	3	5	1	5	4	

<Author>Thijneman
<Content>Loved it!! This was the second time we went to the dominican republic, and als to the same resort. The resort is even better than last year. The food was warmer and the staff was nicer. It's a beautifull place to stay! The beach beautifull and all around the resort are different swimmingpools so it's never to crowded.Overall a very nice place to stay for a couple off days/weeks!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>miss7721
<Content>We enjoyed our stay ! I was only at the Occidental for 4 days / 3 nights for Labor Day weekend and after all the bad reviews I read, I was actually quite happy with my stay. When we got there, we were greated with a fruity drink, check-in was not as long as some people complained about although my travel agent did book an ocean view room my room was ground level and yes we had a view of the ocean but it would have been better from an upper floor. The staff was very friendly  helpful. The grounds were beautiful and the beach was gorgeous. I had been to Punta Cana before, but my boyfriend had not  I could not tear him away from the beach. The food wasnt so bad, we didnt get sick from anything. The room looked more like a suite, it had a king size bed with a kitchen and huge bathroom. The only thing I can complain about is the staff who tries to sell you time share or what ever it is they are trying to sell...I know it's part of their job but some of them get quite pushy..when I stayed at the Iberostar a few years ago, we didnt have anyone trying to sell us anything. I have to say that was one big turn-off. They had staff waiting outside the buildings so everytime you left your room they would stop you  try to sell to you. The pools were really nice, although we spent most of our time at the beach, especially since it was about 5 feet from our room. Sorry this review is all over the place, I've never written a review before  I'm just typing as different things pop up in my head! The nightlife was also pretty good, there was a show every night  one night it continued onto the beach - that was fun. I wish I had more time there to really experience the difference in hotels, but overall it was a good stay. It did rain one night for about an hour and being on the ground floor  reading some of the reviews, I was expecting the worst, but no bugs !! One bad thing - my boyfriend gave a tip to one of the cleaning ladies for extra towels - which she never brought - so that wasnt so great. TV worked great, got a lot of US channels and the AC was in perfect condition. Thats all I can think of at the moment, again, it wasnt as bad as some people made it out to be. Its a comfortable place and I did enjoy the few days I had there despite the staff who were trying to sell to us.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>dbrown1964
<Content>Absolutely worth the money Very much enjoyed this hotel. Building 23 needs to be renovated and is very close to the theater and noisy, definitely move into something that has been renovated. This hotel has some construction going on right now, but didn't interfere with the enjoyment of the hotel. Read some reviews about the food not being that great, I thought it was great, good variety and well cooked. The staff was very friendly and kind to us. I found the hotel to be clean. Be aware that in Dominican the canadian dollar is not worth more than the U.S. Dollar. The hotel was only giving .26 pesos and we found better deals just a small walk outside the hotel, however bring u.s. money, canadian money is not as good, we were told that might change but not right now. We did go through the premium club but besides having a few little extras like a bottle of rum, robes and some towels, we weren't treated any better nor worse than anyone else. I would highly recommend shopping around for some excursions as we found some very good deals just by asking and comparing prices. I would definitely go back to this resort!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CheesyTheNetherlands
<Content>Wonderfull week, sorry were back already!! This was a wonderfull week!!!I read a lot off negative reviews and I honestly don't know what these people do or eat at home!!The resort was beautiful end the staff was very nice and polite (only the girl from the towel shed, she looked dark every time I was there)The food was great, there was something nice for everybody and every country. We are from the Netherlands, and I don't eat patatoes for breakfast, but if you like them that's fine by me!Check-in was good they spoke a little english and some german, and we a little spanish, english and german so it went okay.My husband arrived in the afternoon from the USA so he arranged our rooms already. We were in building 13 and had rooms with seaview (3).The rooms were clean and everything worked, we only shut of the airconditioning at night because of the noise it made.The beach was unbelievable!! White sand and blue sea and palmtrees everywhere!! I could not believe I was realy there.Not all the restaurants are open the hole week so you have to made your reservations at the beginning of your stay. We went to the mexican and the pizzeria. The food was not bad at all, but small portions. The buffet restaurant was open all week and the food there was plenty and enough choice for everybaody. Fresh fruit, meat, patatoes, bread and many different deserts.We did the Mega Truck Safari and the Saona The Luxe tour on a catamaran. Both were very nice, you get to see some parts of the country.The weather was wonderfull the hole week and we loved our stay. did some snorkling and seafishing too. Well our kids did.We were a party of 7 people. We gave this trip to our children and their boyfriends because we were married 25 years this year. It was supposed to be a great week en so it was.We will come back!!!I appologise for my english writing, it won't be perfect!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Koolatta
<Content>Loved It!!!       resturant view from pool  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>wife-of-
<Content>burried my troubles in the sand       exploration on the beach  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mike9smith9
<Content>Week in Paradise Awesome week at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana!! I am not sure who is writing these bad reviews, but we absolutely loved this place. A friend sold us their timeshare week (in the Royal Club) and it was awesome!! The rooms were very nice, we had a private pool, exclusive restaurant, and our own private portion of the beach (oh - and the beaches are the best in the Caribbean!!). We love to travel - and have stayed at luxury hotels all over the world - and this was one of the best trips we have had! 鈥he only bad part about the trip was that we had to come home! : (Would definitely go back in a heartbeat!!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cornishsunseeker
<Content>Not that bad really Just come backOk lets get the negative stuff out of the way first, I saw all the negative reviews and got a little concerned as I had already booked the holiday because others were already booked to go there:The rooms were well used and need some work carrying out to get them up to a better standard i.e the plumbing needs to be sorted out a lot of times we struggled to get hot water.The air cons seem to be struggking to be consistant.The walkways are deadly when wet, several people slipped over and required medical attention, as a surveyor I passed on a tip, when painting the walkways which they were doing whilst I was there, just sprinkle a light dusting of sand on the wet paint to make it none slip.The biggest problem for me personally was the smoking, there was no provision for none smokers outside of the resturaunts and as I am very sensitive to cigarette smoke this eliminated me from the reception bar and the entertainment area, maybe more consideration for none smokers and kids should be given.Now I am not a prude by any means, I lived in Holland for many years, but considering that we were on a secure holiday complex why did the security and the management allow the local Bloods in with their PROSTITUTES on weekends to offer their services to even obvious family guys there with their wife and kids, they even seemed to be lining up attractive holiday girls to join them if you know what I mean, this isn't on the all inclusive list of thing to do either it cost a $100 (hope this does'nt encourage some to go)Having said all the above, would I go again,MmmmmmABSOLUTELY the holiday was great, the staff fantastic, the food first rate, the location idealic, the rooms are only someware to sleep and no worse than any holiday hotel or complex for the price, the weather was wet the first week but not all the time, this gave chance to ease ourselfs into the tan second week WOW am I brown.Trips on offer: Saona Island ok but nothing special (specially the all inc food, dont touch the rice)Diving good but only 14m, snokelling not worth it.Carribean Festival (on a Catarmarran) great valueThe best of all the Monster Truck Safari but take a hanky with you I guarrantee you will shed tears when you see how poor some locals specially the kids are, take pens pencils school item with you to give the kids this is well needed (sweets are optional)Each individual has an expectancy of a holiday, you can only see for yourself, yes there are better Hotels along the coast and certainly a lot worse, you get what you pay for but trust me the Occidental Flamenco is really good value for moneygo for folks  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>sammie012
<Content>not great, but good i stayed at this resort with my huge family in sept . 2007. we had problems with 3 rooms out of 4. we were able to switch to a different building the following afternoon. the rooms in the newer bulidings still seemed to have that damp smell but it wasn't as bad as the first building we were assigned to. the people at the front desk didn't speak much english.. and that was annoying. the good thing about this resort was the BEAUTIFUL beach! really soft sand and clear blue waters. the staff at the buffet was really friendly and nice. the food there was probably the best out of all the restaurants in the resort. we attempted to eat at 3 of the restaurants and ended up not eating much there and going to the buffet afterwards. the fresh fruits at the buffet were amazing! we tried parasailing, and that was such a disappointment. the whole thing lasted 15 minutes for $85!!! the only excursion that was worth the $ was the ATV. that was awesome. it's definately worth it.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	3	1	4	1	

<Author>officervenus
<Content>Had a great time!!!! My husband and I stayed at the resort from 9-27-07 thru 10-03-07. We had a great time! I was a little nervous about all the negative reviews here, but gave it a chance. Our check in was flawless, taking only about 5 minutes. Front desk staff were very friendly and spoke good English. Our room was beautiful and clean. Airconditioning worked great, even getting a little too chilly sometimes. We never had a problem with hot water in our room, it was always available. The grounds were immaculate clean and you always saw someone out cleaning at all hours. The staff was very friendly and always were there with a quick hola. The food was good, plenty of variety. We ate at the buffet restaurants for our meals since we did not want to be tied down to a reservation time. The evening shows were good and the workers really tried hard to get the guests involved. During the day, there were plenty of activities on the beach. Vendors on the beach were not pushy at all. The vendors inside the resort in the evening and the timeshare people could be a little too pushy. But a firm no thank you is all that is needed. It was a very relaxing vacation. There was not much of a party night life but it is a family resort. Make your own fun! There is alot of walking involved and by the end of the day, I was ready to collapse. We would definately go back.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JohnandRenee2007
<Content>A true romantic getaway       Bavaro beach at sunrise  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>sillyguy
<Content>stop complaining and relax Loved it!!!!!! enough said, just enjoy and have a pina colata  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>islandgolfer
<Content>friendly staff, clean resort We stayed for a week in the delux romance room. Resort staff friendly and helpful. Solicitors everywhere, along the beach (natives)  within the resort (time share  excursions). Food good but same buffet lunch and dinner. Tough to get dinner reservations in a la carte restaurants. Air conditioning didn't work in casino. Can walk to town to shop but be prepared to an onslaught of solicitors. Great walking for miles along the beach. Great sand. Hard to get a beach umbrella even early in the morning, but plenty of palm trees to offer shade. No snorkeling there. plenty of pool lounge chairs though pools are quite shallow throughout. Enjoyed our stay. Some repairs needed in the resort. Very little hot water in shower and tub quite old. I tipped $1-$5 each day for the maid and received plenty of beach towels etc. Maids seemed to visit the room 2-3 times a day.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SmileyCelia
<Content>Honestly, I loved it Some people wrote bad reviews, and I don't really understand why. It was beautiful. I walked down the beach for an hour, and, honestly, we had the best resort (at least in that direction). The other resorts' beach (down that way) had murky water, a lot more seaweed and even pine needles all over the sand. So we had a good spot.The beach buffet was wonderful -- so much selection and an amazing view of the beach. The palm trees, the tiki huts, the music, the entertainment team that never stopped, it was an amazing vibe! This IS the reason I love the Caribbean -- the ambiance -- and this resort definitely had it. The other resorts (that I saw) were deserted.The dinner buffet was good, but I didn't try everything. Honestly, I just like to stick to chicken, or steak, salad and mangos! They had amazing crepes and the omlettes were good too. I didn't do the a la carte restaurant -- except the Brazilian -- which was very good too. Make room for the beef (at the end) -- it was the BEST part.The club Mangu was fun. Main floor was mainly locals playing salsa, merengue, bachata and reggaeton. The top floor was more tourists (from Occidental and other resorts) and played house. It was a good time. Try to request building 12, 13 or 25, 26 -- I think those are the renovated ones. Maybe people who complained had unnrenovated rooms. Ask for the top floor -- I liked it because of the high ceiling.I loved this resort. I wish I was still there. I went there for paradise, and it truly was.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Golfchick510
<Content>Just say "No!" Do yourself a favor and just stop reading all the reviews and pick another hotel.... Dirty, smelly, no hot water, more timeshare salespersons than maintenance staff, ash tray for a beach. I met my brother here for a quick trip. We were meeting at the hotel since we came in on different flights. When I checked in I asked the gentleman if my brother had checked in yet... They didn't understand. When I asked again he looked perplexed... I asked that he make sure we have two separate beds since I was rooming with my brother. The man just gave me a big wink and nod and said No problem insinuating that I was a married woman (I am) meeting my boyfriend. (He gave us a King bed). I asked for a safe (you have to ask for and pay for it) and the man seemed insulted and asked why I wanted that.... I informed him that I actually read any waivers that I sign, including the long, small print one they gave me at check in, and that since I signed that I would not hold the hotel liable for anything stolen from my room I would be needing a safe. He gave me a KEY safe... give me a break! Our room had a septic odor that would come and go, one night it was so bad it woke both of us up! We never had hot water in the room, neither did the rest of our building (10) from what we heard from the other friends we traveled with. The beach is one giant ash tray with cigarette butts everywhere... such a shame because it really is beautiful. The fruit was EXCELLENT, very fresh and ripe! The rest was fine... nothing spectacular. The entire resort is filled with nuisances... You have to make reservations for any of the specialty restaurants (not a big deal) but you cannot call in for them, you have to go to the special reservation desk (and pray someone is there). Timeshare sales persons galore. Constant badgering to take photos with the monkey, parrots etc. (they want you to buy them in the photo area). I was dragged out of my beach chair to take pics on multiple occasions. There are no defined topless areas. I saw saggy ones everywhere (even the buffet line at lunch). The only place to get a beach towel is at the one far end of the beach (near all the tour service booths). My brother and I were pressured to take scuba lessons and get our PADI certificate in one afternoon (how does that work?) and dive the same day. We explained we were leaving the next day and she still pushed us to sign up. We said we would get back to her, later we ran into a friend that is certified and he told us that you cannot fly within 24hr of a dive due to the nitrogen. Clearly the dive center was only worried about making money and not our well being. Overall I firmly believe that Punta Cana was put together as one big tourist trap, there is nothing authentic about it and there is nothing around to do to get the feel for the local culture/history. Punta Cana is a good place for spring breakers or people who only want to lie on the beach.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	2	3	1	3	2	

<Author>GavBNorthants
<Content>Not to be revisited.................. Stayed at Flamenco from 7th to 21st Sept 07. On arrival there was no record of our booking so had some messing about with credit card until rep arrived, just by chance and booking was then found. Despite being assured otherwise by reception staff (Yoel) I now have a payment for 拢275 showing on my card!!Room we had in block 26 was dark, had to have lights on during the day, and smelled damp.We also had rat droppings all over the balcony floor and furniture every morning. The standard of the buildings is not great, gaps in walls, damp patches, poor quality or missing fittings etc, not 4 star quality.Food was certainly plentiful and varied but could become a bit sameish after a while, and we both got the inevitable stomach and bowel problems.As for the reception staff, they are a different matter altogether.To say they told us a few untruths is putting it mildly. We were gived a good runaround by Yoel and his mate Silvio, when we asked for an ocean view. They must have chuckled about it later. We were told to go back and see Yoel at a time on Saturday which our rep said was a waste of time as the duty manager told him there wouldnt be one available anyway. Then Silvio sent us to the Royal Club for an upgrade ocean view. Fortunately I asked the very helpful young lady there to confirm it was an ocean view just before we were going to pay and she said the guy on reception hadn't mentioned ocean view, if he had she would have told him she did not have one available. Strangely enough he had left reception when she phoned through a few minutes later.Also. If you find any lost property dont bother taking it to reception, they look at you as if your off your rocker, ask you why you even bothered to pick it up in the first place and send you off to find someone who they know is not at work before clearing off themselves so they dont have to do anything about it (good old Yoel again, he is a boon to this organisation)The setting is great,grounds are very well maintained, beach is clean and the water is the most amazing shade of blue/green that you will ever see. Generally the staff were friendly and helpful but the constant badgering to go to the time share meetings (they call it something different) got very tedious after a while.Not a place I thing we'll be visiting again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>danyka006
<Content>WOW!!! It was the most amazing experience in my life....       Bavaro Beach  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lauren2010
<Content>Great       the hotel  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Babyphace
<Content>A great vacation! Dominician Republic: Punta Cana, Occidental Grand Flamenco.Sept 1, 2007 I returned from Punta Cana, and it was the best experience! I have read some of the reviews and I must say that I disagree with alot of the negative comments. I had a great time! The hotel room was nice. I will say that its a lot of walking because everything is spread out, but being from New York City and driving everywhere it was needed. I saw a few reviews that said they had no iron, well we had an iron and ironing board in the room which was a releif because that was definetly a major concern for me! A fridge that was refilled everyday.I wish we had a radio with a CD player though. The clock radio obviously didn't have American stations. The Fun club was awesome. Micheal, Magnolia, Chu-Chu, Samuel and everyone kept me laughing at all times. They are very pleasent and very entertaining. The planned activities are fun to play and watch especially wacky games. The shows every night was great! The activities before the shows were hilarious! Micheal and Magnolia from the Fun club are very creative. They kept the crowd hyped at all times you always had a smile on your face. There was a few times that we were eating dinner and heard the crowd in the distance. It was something you did not want to miss! The Resturants were good. I was able to find a good meal most of the time. The one thing I didn't like was that you had to reserve the resturant in advance and that's fine but why couldn't we do it over the phone? The beach was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. The water was warm, there's plenty of shade under the palm trees, for those that don't want a tan! The Banana Boat Ride was fun. The Club next door was great also. There was a lot of interesting people there. People on roller skates, People dressed like babies, Cross dressers, it was lots of fun. I do wish there was more hip hop played! I defintely recommend this hotel to others! I will be back in March 2008!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>been_somewhere
<Content>Stolen suitcase in just 15 minutes Upon arriving at the Occidental Grand Flamenco on Friday, July 13 and less than 15 minutes later, one of my two baggage, which contained about 3000.00 $ in belongings of my wife and mine, got lost.After two hours of waiting, a lady that posed as the manager (we later found out she wasn鈥檛) informed us that the hotel personnel could not locate the suitcase. I asked to call the police but the fake manager saystold us that if I want to speak to the police 鈥淚 should go to my room and mark the zero鈥?to call them myself. At that moment we realized we had made a very bad decision booking this hotel. Despite the situation, we decided to give the hotel personnel an opportunity to find our suitcase.On Saturday, July 14, One of the hotel employee took us to the 鈥淟ogo Shop to get some clothes. Later that day, the security personnel indicated me that there were 鈥減ossibilities鈥?that my suitcase was in the airport, but the next day Mr. Brea (the security manager) indicated me that the suitcase was not in the airport. I ask to call the police once again, and I was told by Mr. Brea that the police is not going to come to the hotel. In short, I ended up going to the police with Mr. Brea and other hotel personnel, the trip was at least 40 minutes in every direction.On Monday, the 16th of July, I finally get to talk to the hotel general manager, Mr. Puente which very kindly agrees to return me the money of my stay, invites me to a weekend back to the hotel and gives me access to the Royal Club. Also he assures me that my claim for the lost suitcase will be submitted to the hotel's insurance. Later that day I returned to the airport to verify if my suitcase is there at Mr. Puente's request. Surprisingly my suitcase was in the airport. After my suitcase appears and back to the hotel I received a call from Mr. Puente, in which he exempts the hotel of any fault, he indicates me that the personnel of the American Airlines assured him that the suitcase never left the airport and proceeds to ask me back for the clothes that the hotel had bought for my wife and for me.On Tuesday, the 17th of July, after returning the clothes the hotel 鈥減urchased鈥?for me and my wife, I received a message of which Mr. Brea stating that there were two t-shirts missing in the bundle that I returned. Of course after all this ordeal and having one day left on our vacations, I was very upset and I replied to Mr. Brea though one of the assistants, that this was our last day in the hotel and that I was not going lose one more time looking for two shirts, if this matter was so important, that he can let me know to give him the number of my credit card so he can charge them. Later Mr. Brea leaves a message where he says that I can forget about the matter.On Thursday, the 19th of July, before leaving Punta Cana, I stopped in the offices of AA and find out though one of the managers, that the suitcase was entered in the computer two day after my arrival and that there were no claims for a lost suitcase. In other words the accusations of Mr. Puente were unfounded because I did not take the wrong suitcase from the airport otherwise someone would have claimed as lost. I supposed that somebody from the hotel took my suitcase; load it in another taxi and my suitcase ended up in the airport. As you can see the service in this hotel is probably the worse I have seen, people are not trained to handle situations like the one we went through and in order to make themselves look good, they will place the blame of their lack of professionalism on you. In addition to this is worth saying that our room leaked every time it rained, the bathroom door did not close, the power would go out everyday and the air conditioner was inexistent. We booked through American Express Travel, which misrepresent this hotel as a 4 star. If you value your time off and your money, book somewhere else this is not a 4 star hotel and needless to say you wont be given a 4 star treatment, probably not even a 2.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>Hotstuff1
<Content>Not the place to go if you enjoy good food!       the hotel  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dager3585
<Content>Beautiful but did we get it. Hello to all. We went to the Occidental Flamenco on Sept. 4-11th. We got to the grounds at about 4pm using a cab that carted the 4 of us in our party for 30 total. We got to the front desk and had a bit of a wait but nothing horrible. I did notice that a van full of what was probably apple vacations or funjet. I can see why people would end up waiting a while. We went to our room which was in building 13 which we asked for. Our room was the worst of the 2. The air conditioner was not working properly from the get go. It froze up twice while we were there. Oddly there was no way to lock the patio door since it had no hardware on it. Ditto for the door to rest room. The other room which my in-laws had was much cooler although doors also missing the hardware. None of this is a big deal but still needs mentioning. The beds were very nice. Also some have said they worked on 12 but It was being worked on while we were there so I'm not sure what thats about. All of 12 was closed The beach all along here is truly amazing. Pics you see on here do not do it justice. This is the reason to come here. There were plenty of places to sit but I believe the resort was not full so it wasn't hard to get a beach chair. Water was pretty much debris free. There are many of the locals who come by and try to sell you multiple things. It wasn't a bother but be aware the closer you are to the beach the more you will get asked. The beach bar is the hub for the loud drunks. I participated in this twice. The bartenders make a strong drink and frequently everyone there will be served a shot of Mamaquana (not sure on spelling). It's good stuff but boy...Anyway the bartenders were loads of fun. There are a lot of topless ladies here which does not bother me but I found it was all along the beaches not just our hotel. Frankly if this bothers you well I don't know what you could do. The pool areas are very nice. The water is not cool so to cool off the beach is better. There is bar there as well where the party seems to be as well. There is a snack room above the pool bar you can eat in.  Food here is hit or miss. Somethings were surprisingly good to disappointing. The hamburgers here are bad. When in buffet get little portions of things and try even if it's a favorite thing. My favs were the pizza, amazing soups, fresh fruit, and some rice dishes. We went to the steakhouse which is designed to be like a Brazilian steak place. Meat was OK but spices were needed. Very bland. The Italian was not so good. Best thing there was anti pasta. Entries were just not tasty. We also did the Mexican restaurant. This was our favorite. We live in Texas were we eat a lot of Tex Mex. The food here was the best of the 3 we went to. The chicken fajitas were very good. We never got into the Oriental place. You have to get reservations to the specialty restaurants which you have to do early. Tastes differ so I encourage you to try them. Service here was never an issue really. People are very friendly and do help you. We did do a lot of tipping. We took a ton of 1 dollar bills and gave them to many people there. It does seem to help with service but we had decided to do it regardless of the service as the DR is a poor country. I wish we could do more for them.  The shows here are a bit cheesy but most have a great time. The Michael Jackson show was the most popular by far. People were all over watching that one. Evidently everyone still loves the guy. Now for what happened to us or me mostly. Halfway thru our trip my stomach began to hurt. After reading the many reports here I knew good and well I got the bug. I as I am typing this am still feeling sick 6 days later. I do not know how I got it or where but wham it took me out. Of the 4 of us I got it the worst. My wife got a rash probably from vegetation there as our doctor saw it an said Wow you got into some poison Ivy. Her leg looked awful and she is dealing with that now as well. My in laws both had stomach problems but not as severe as I. Needless to say you people out there need to know that this could happen to you. With the water being undrinkable, you just never know. I'm not blaming anyone. It happens. The Spa is very nice too. They have specials so check it out. All in all except for the sickness things were fine. I would not come here looking for luxury. It isn't a high end hotel. The star ratings for the DR seem to be high. I would cut a star or 2 off them and go from there. I got this trip on Skyauction.com and got a great deal. I am satisfied but my stomach may have a different opinion. Please feel free to email me for hints or questions.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>EnlgishRose
<Content>Fabulous Holiday I have just returned from this hotel after a fantastic two week holiday. I have to say after reading the majority of reviews on this website I was extremely worried. All I can say is TAKE NO NOTICE OF THESE BAD REVIEWS. The following are just a few points I want to raise to counter-argue people's false accusations:1) To say the staff do not speak English is rubbish. The staff were polite and attentive. I, as an English speaker find it only polite and common courtesy to say the odd few words in Spanish which the staff really appreciated. The staff are after all human and should not be treated as slaves as I witnessed by some of the hotels guests.2) The rooms are perfectly adequate. The beds were really comfortable and there was plenty of lit wardrobe space. The rooms are particularly spacious and I always had hot water.3) It is true that the safety deposit box cost $30. However, I have no complaints to pay this money as the contents I put in the box are worth a lot more than that.4) I honestly cannot believe what some people have written about the food. The breakfast is possibly the best I have ever seen. There is everything from American style pancakes and crepes to freshly made smoothies. Lunch again is super. I strongly recommend the beach restaurant for lunch which provides a full buffet and also serves pizza, pasta, burgers, chicken, fish etc. The snack bar was great for those who wanted fast food. The buffet restaurant on the evening was super with lots of variety and constantly replenished. I have stayed in many all-inclusive hotels and always had to book for al-a-carte restaurants so I do not find the fact that you have do so at this hotel out of the ordinary. The Oriental is amazing and the Brazilian was pretty good too. My least favourite was the Italian and did feel the pasta in the buffet was better cooked. Throughout my two week stay neither myself or any of my party suffered from bad stomach which after hearing many stories on my flight home cannot be said about many other hotels in Punta Cana.5) The staff are constantly cleaning. After a short sharp shower the staff were out sweeping up the water. The pools were cleaned every morning and I can only assume those who comment that this was never done only ever surfaced after 9:00am.The beach is stunning and there is something for everyone. The entertainment was fantastic and the hotel have their own band. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>karmn99
<Content>Bad reviews Not true hello: I spent much time reading reviews (mostly BAD ones) for this hotel before we left. We booked our holiday thru Skyauction website and selected this hotel at the time because the pictures were so beautiful. I did not know of online reviews at time of booking (or I might have booked elsewhere).I was VERY nervous about all the bad reviews, but figured, how bad can it be ? and was determined to keep an open mind. We are a couple in our mid - late 30s and like to eat and drink.I learned, thru reviews, that buildings 12 and 13 were newly remodelled and printed off a map of the resort to show check in staff (assuming they could not speak english like everyone says here). When we arrived, Sept 2 - 6 /07 we were expecting the check in process to be terrible. We arrived at 2pm, an hour before check in time, and got into line. The 3 couples ahead of us were there to complain about their rooms, I thought well here we go. Mind you the front desk staff were very nice to these people and made alternate arrangements for them immediately !!!!!When it was our turn, Lenni was VERY nice, spoke excellent English and I showed him the map requesting building 13 (right by beach) and he said he would give us a great room, but it would not be ready until 3, so we could go to the buffet and come back in one hour.We went to the bar, got ourself our wonderful Pina Colada from Wilson the very nice bartender, walked into the buffet and had a wonderful selection of foods (mind you the food was a bit cold, but it was late in the day, and it was still yummy), and relaxed for an hour. Life was great !We went back at 3, got our room key, a service ride to our room, and were pleasantly surprised by the wonderful large room, large comfy mattress, nice smelling sheets, and everything worked great (some times the toilet flushed slowly but oh well my boyfriend is a plumber).Judging by what everyone here has written, I was waiting for the disaster to come about, but you know, it just never did. the staff ALL spoke English, almost all were VERY friendly, we tipped nicely because we have so much more than these people, but tips were not expected. Even when we didn't have our tip money with us we still got the same service.The beach was beautiful, the swim up bar was lovely, we ate at the buffet each night as we were only there 4 nights and restaurant reservations are very hard to get. But buffet LOTS of selection - mind you the last night it was enough of buffet for me.We did speed boat/ snorkelling excursion and it was fun. Fairly limited on freedom with boat but still were able to go fast and have fun, the snorkelling was amazing. We did Jurassic Park excrusion, it was just OK, pictures on brochure looked way better than it was, and we did not take money and ended up at some shopping places.We did banana boat and that was very fun, my boyfriend did hotel snorkelling trip and was very dissappointed !We could have handled a bit more night life between 7 pm and 10 or so, but learned quickly we needed to do most of our drinking early in the day hee hee. We are Canadians and are very easy going. We had NO troubles here, and were more than satisfied. The grounds were clean, the pool clean, we did not see any shows, the beach was the nicest, we did a bit of walking to learn we had the best spot. Lots of topless ladies.One of our excursions took us thru the villages, and these people live very poor. We took 100.00 in 1 dollar bills and spent most of them in tips. WHY NOT ? We are very lucky to have what we do, and so if a bit of a tip may help them, lets be kind.Worst thing for me, was the pressure from the market / shopping natives to buy their stuff. I do not barter very well AT ALL and found it much to much for me to say no. We had no trouble with time share people, we politely say no gracious, shake their hand and carry on. Respect and kindness and 'HOLA' go a long way. These people work very hard all day and night to keep things operating and clean, what on earth can we complain about? I still dont understand all the bad reviews and what are peoples' problem. if you want and Americanized 5 star hotel - stay home !!!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>COOKIE26
<Content>still not over it! okay, sooo first of all this was our first vacation as a couple. Just us. both myself and my boyfriend are latino. when we arrived the hotel service removed our bags from the car and without a ticket or name placed them in a room. they told us to go inside to check in and that the bags were safe. with some hesitation i went to check in. my last name is a very common latino name. but i do not speak spanish. i am brasilian therefore i speak portugese. when i began speaking english the woman who was helping us looked at me like i was crazy then answerd me only in spanish. when i replied in english she ROLLED her eyes and continued to speak in spanish to my boyfriend. i was so angry, but i just walked away and let him handle it. when we went to get our bags they told us to just go into the room and take them. so much for security didn't even watch what bag i took. one thing i will say the beach was amazing and if you know how to make the best of any situation you'll be fine. after my horrible check in other things were just as bad. the food was't good at all. and you ate on schedule. open and closing times for breakfast lunch and dinner. so don't get hungry after late night dancing. tough luck for you. th eone night club mangu was cool. but the electricity went out while dancing at around 1:30. needless to say we had to leave, but directing drunks out of two exits can get messy. but like i said just make the best of it. luckily we had candles so a romantic on our balcony was perfect. we spent everyday at the beach. so we didn't have to deal with the speak english when convienant staff. i had an amzing time with my love and will NEVER GO BACK!! not only to grand flamenco but Dominican republic. i like to travel at least once a year. i work hard and like to enjoy myself. this is the first time ever did not enjoy my vacation. both my brothers are married to beautiful dominican women and they are the ones who suggested our vacation. i still love them. but like i said NEVER AGAIN!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>w85131
<Content>You can do better This is a 2 star hotel at best! The grounds and beach are beautiful, but the rooms, the food, the service...all sub-standard!We lasted 24 hours before we had to check out and find another place. (Go to The Majestic!! Absolutely FANTASTIC!) The rooms are nothing more than a bed and TV and not very comfortable. But the worst part was the food! The buffet was disgusting! I wouldn't feed that food to my dog! Then their ridiculous rule of having to make reservations for dinner. This is an all-inclusive! Why would I have to make reservations?! I've stayed in a few all inclusives and NEVER had to do that before. But the kicker is...you have to make reservations by noon or you CAN'T EAT!! HELLO! This is ALL-INCLUISIVE! So by the time we got up at went to make reservations (at 10am!!) ALL THE RESTAURANTS WERE BOOKED!!!!!!! So, our only other choice was the disgusting buffet! Then getting any kind of service was nearly impossible. Constantly ignored by the wait service. Had to get our own drinks. Nobody seemed to want to help in any way. The hut to get beach towels is in the most remote place in the resort. It took 15 minutes to find it and we couldn't have been staying furthur away from it. (and you MUST turn the towels back in everyday by 6p! How stupid is that?) There are much better places to stay in Punta Cana for the samee price. Check out The Majestic! It's a little more money, but TOTALLY worth it! You won't regret it, but you will regret staying at the Occidental! Don't say I didn't warn you!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>happytravels44
<Content>Wonderful time to be had at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana I learned about this web-site after we booked our trip to the Occidental Grand Punta Cana. When I checked it out, there were so many bad reviews that I was very nervous; I didn't tell my family about it because I didn't want to influence them in any way. The trip was booked and there was no looking back...I thought, Oh well, we'll make the best of it. Well...the reviews were all wrong. We had a wonderful time!! The food was good, the staff were friendly, the room was clean, the grounds were well maintained, the beach was beautiful, the pools were wonderful, the entertainment was fun, need I say more!!! I don't know what some people expect when they travel to another country. Please remember, you are a guest there and you have to adapt to their ways. Sure things happen that are not to our liking, but if you travel with an open mind, you will have a great time no matter where you go. The only negative thing I can say about this hotel is that the rooms could use some updating ie the furniture, faucets, bedspreads, mirrors otherwise they were very clean and the linens were fresh everyday. For anyone to complain about water pressure in the shower in a country where you can't drink the water is utter nonsense. Lighten up people and enjoy!!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mj&pow
<Content>It's a great place! We reserved our hotel through vacationsway.com and was cheaper than other site. The problem is they made us believe that transfers are included and there were 4 of us. There was no transfer provided when we showed up at the airport. We wasted 45 minutes waiting for our transfer and had to pay $30 for our transfers one way. We are 2 lesbian couples and were already hesitant on how our hotel will turn out since we booked it on a never heard of internet site. Like what we expected, we had issues with our hotel. Our reservation was for a Romantic deluxe package and we ended up in a deluxe room without all the amenities stated in the package: Safe deposit box - no lock at all / Stocked mini-bar - 3 bottle of soda and 2 bottles of water / Bottle of champagne - none at all even at the very last day / Chocolate covered strawberries - had to reserve but did not show up either / In-room couples massage - not in room - we had to go to the SPA or beach massage / Breakfast in bed (you would not want to eat the food ) Surprise gift with special romantic amenities - i wonder what this meant. We went to the front desk and complained but we were told that they do not have the room we booked since they were overbooked. We will be transferred the next day. We ended up in a deluxe room on our first night which is $48 difference from the one we booked. They gave us an additional 1/2 hr massage for both myself and my girlfriend to compensate for the $48. Our first night, we ate at the buffet restaurant by the front desk. There was no variety in the food. Thank God they had crepes therefore thats all that our friends ate most of the time. They had special restaurants where you had to reserve for them and only available for dinner therefore the only place where u can eat are the two buffet restaurants available, one by the beach and one by the front desk and not either one can satisfy your appetite. The food is just aweful for a 5 star resort.The next day, we had to go to the front desk to be transferred to another room which thank goodness they did! They gave us two keys and as soon as we got to the room, the keys do not work. When I called for the bellboy to assist us to pick up our luggage from our old room, he asked if our keys are working (which was very nice of him) and he then brought some set of keys that works. Come to our surprise, the room that they put us in was VERY NICE and WHAT WE EXPECTED THE FIRST NIGHT!!! My feeling is, they tried to put us in a dump thinking we will not complain and be settled. When we did, they were forced to move us to the room that we actually paid for.The room is very cozy and the cleaning lady always makes it look so lovely and romantic everyday. The bathroom is always clean and with fresh towels. Towels are limited and you will have to ask if you need extra. Water is not strong but can get by. Hot water and cold water seems to change each time. DO NOT DRINK THE WATER at all but can be use for brushing your teeth. You can use the bottled water as well to brush your teeth as you can ask as much of it as you want.The walk way is safe and well maintained. Security guards are assigned in different post including the beach area at night. Bell boys are always willing to give you a ride to your building if needed. The beach is awesome with the smooth sand. The problem is all chairs have been reserved early in the morning therefore we had a hard time finding empty chairs. We found out later on, you have to reserve the chairs at 6:45am as the security do check on people reserving the chairs earlier than that. Most of the reserved restaurants offer good food but still not comparable to a 5 star resort. Make sure that you do take advantage of those reserved restaurants as they are the best food in the resort. The drinks are ok and are not top shelves. Make sure you order coco loco as it is the best drink in the resort. Tips are not necessary but I think is expected. The cleaning ladies, waitresses, bell boys and all help are just awesome including the bartenders but I think they do not have enough bars to accommodate guests as the wait time can exceed 20 minutes just to be served alcohol.It is a family oriented hotel but do not let the kids walk around the beach as topless ladies are all over. We did not have any issue being lesbian couples either and with PDAs but we were told that Sto Domingo is not a place for lesbian couples. We did not worry about that as we stayed in the resort the whole time. Punta Cana is a place to relax and enjoy the beach. There is no other place to go for trips or adventures that is nearby. There are some but long travel hours just to get there. It is a lovely place therefore you will not regret it if you just stay in the resort and enjoy its amenities.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	5	2	5	3	

<Author>ghitz9
<Content>Horrible rooms - Please go to another resort Well folks we went there Aug 23 to Sept 1, 2007, I am writing here in shame that I did not listen to the previous reviews regarding this resort. The staff is non existent for non Spanish speaking people. I have seen 4 rooms in 3 different buildings and they were the same so this is not based just on one sample. Other friends in building 10 did not have hot water for 4 days. Anyway we felt like slumming here and if it was not for the spectacular beach we would have called this our worst vacation.Also, Royal Club upgrade is not worth it.PROS:- Beach is awesome (luckily that was the reason we went there)- Weather is awesome with nice breeze coming from the ocean- Shows were alright although I could tell some people were not excited of being made fools of on stage.- Pools look ok although I cannot see why many people were there, perhaps they had kids. CONS:- Rooms are terrible, beds don't even have a headboard so your head is against plaster. - Rooms have no lightning and are really dim, I felt like I was at grandmas in the village during the communist era.- Bed covers were pretty gross.- Bathrooms are in dire need of upgrade- Shower head was so clogged that it only have about 4 streams going ( I spent 30 min with a needle trying to make it better)- Staff at the front desk is non-existent if you have any issues (You will not realize how frustrating this is until you're there, I have heard many fallouts from visitors with the staff while cruising through the lobby at times)- Food at the buffet is not great. Although you will find something to eat, pork chops and ham does not cut it for us.- Restaurants do not provide good service and a lot of people I saw left to go to Buffet after 45 min wait for a waiter. - Snack bars serve raw hamburgers and really bad friesPeople that rate this hotel great must not be from countries like USA or Canada or they may have not stayed at too many hotels in those countries in their lifetime. We are a couple is our late twenties and have been to the Caribbean before so we know that 4 stars don't mean anything there but this is lower than 2.If you can I afford it, I heard from some folks on the beach while chatting with them that Bahia Principe is really nice.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Jessica88
<Content>This hotel was GREAT!! So this was my first trip ever, also my first ride on an airplane! And I was horrified after I had read all the reviews for the hotel (ofcourse after I had booked with nolitour vacations). I expected to wait forever, find bugs on my bed and a dirty bathroom...The plane took off on time from montreal airport and arrived on time in punta cana. To get our luggage took 20 minutes only because we were very early at the montreal airport. We got to ride in a nice (but small) air conditioned bus to the hotel which was about 25-30 minutes away. Checking in was easy, we were there around 6 pm so it was not too busy. The bellboys took our big luggage and said to walk down to our room, which was building 26 right beside the beach! It took them one hour to bring us our luggage and there were 2 of them and 2 suitcases (so 2$ in tips, very conveniant)FOOD: both buffets (main and beach) were AMAZING!! Different things almost every night at the main buffet and they were soooooo good! We did all the a la carte restaurents except the mexican(fell asleep early because of the catamaran trip). The grill was good, mostly cuz the atmosphere and our waitress were awesome, the italian wasnt anything special but the tiramisu was to die for!:)! The oriental was cute, it was funny to see spanish waiters dressed as asians!ROOMS: We had a corner room in building 26, so it was great being so close to the beach! We brought lysol down with us to spray on all the sheets just in case and we had no problems. The bathroom was nice and clean except there was a drain that was rusty and sharp we had to watch out for. The maid left us fresh water, 7up and coke everyday and also made nice hearts and sailboats out of our towels with flowers! We tipped her everyday and she was very friendly whenever she greeted us and anyone else. BEACH: The beach was GORGEOUS!! We were there during Hurricane Dean but we had no problems with anything except they closed the beach one day(the waves were too strong) Lots of chairs, and shade depending on the time of day. EXCURSIONS: The 2nd day of our trip, my b/f and I walked down the beach for 1.5hr and found a guy selling a dunebuggy excursion so we did that and it was very cool! It cost 130$ for 2 ppl and lasted about 5 hours, plus we got driven back to the hotel. The guys brought us to 2 villages and the a cave where we got to swim in crystal clear water!! then on to a beach on another side of the island, it was beautiful! The hotel also offers dunebuggy trips but the are automatic and do not go very fast but cost 110$(2 ppl) for 3.5 hours. The owner was from Quebec, and all his workers spoke english, french and spanish fluently. We also did the saona catamaran VIP trip. It was ok. The bus ride is 1.5hrs and they bring you to another side of the island where you take a speedboat to a natural pool in the middle of the ocean, then on the saona island (a nature preserve). The beach was not as nice as the one at the hotel. The food made me sick (they used the water from the ocean for the spaghetti) so the 1.5hr long catamaran ride was not enjoyable for me. The ppl were all very nice though and our guide was fluent in french, english and spanish!In all the trip was great! I enjoyed my first trip down the the dominican! One piece of advice... remember that we are in the dominican...EVERYONE is on vacation and you need to be patient, it is very rude if not. Also try your best to speak their language, I heard a LOT of ppl not even trying to say gracias or por favor, I think it shows a lot of disrespect to the people. ALSO do not trust the bad reviews on this site, I had a great time and am sure you will too!!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Fernsgirl
<Content>I was Surprised!       Beach at Flamenco  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>summerwales
<Content>not a delux room booked delux room very disapointed shower didnt work bath took ages to fill room was rally bad smellet damp and when it rained it ran inside down walls very basic not clean rooms ,lots of people complaining (nothing gets done though)food was good and animation team are brill very entertaining but service in restarants very slow .pool dirty i would not return to this hotel .i m just glad i hadnt payed as much as others staying here some people payed 1,000 more than us and rooms were worse 3* at most  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>racelikehell
<Content>We loved the occidental and Punta Cana       climbed a palm tree at Saona  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amethyst007
<Content>Nice Vacation but will Choose a Different Island Next Year My husband and I stayed at the Grand Flamenco Aug. 18-25th. Here are a few thoughts on our stay...1. I know it is an all-inclusive but please tip these folks! They need to be recognized for their hard work. They take their jobs very seriously because good jobs are hard to come by on this third world island. We had excellent and greatful service from the hotel staff. We tipped everyone including the young woman responsible for keeping the bathrooms clean closest to the beach 7:00 a.m-7:p.m. NOT an easy job but she had them spotless. Our hostess lived 7 hours away (Puerto Plata), works 26 days at the resort from 5:30 a.m. till 10:30 p.m. with a brief siesta. She makes the 7 hour trip back home for 6 days and then returns for another stint. We met many servers who do the same thing leaving their families/children for many days just to make a living. Keep in mind that these folks do not earn the types of wages found in Europe or Canada. So if you are accustomed to not tipping, please rethink your decision. The young man who kept our room clean came to us on the morning of our departure with a bottle of rum and a hug for all we had done for him and his family. The hostess ran out to our airport shuttle as we were leaving to say thank you once again. We found the staff to be delightful. 2. Try to speak a little Spanish. I am terrible, my husband is better but we were respected for trying and we had a few laughs with the staff over my blunders. 3. The beach is beautiful. Chairs are plentiful. Tiki Huts are always available EARLY, 6:45-7:15 a.m. The surf is a beautiful aqua color but my husband and I prefer lagoon type waters for snorkling which is one of the reasons we will choose another destination next year. Another reason we will choose a different island/resort is because the beach gets very crowded toward the weekends. Wall to wall beach chairs. We enjoy a little personal space and did not enjoy people laying two feet away from us in all directions. 4. The beach buffet restaurant is very nice. Right on the beach with a large selections of the usual lunch fare. Great fresh salads and fruit. Burgers, hotdogs and pizza (good) are also available. The bartenders at the beach bar pour very, very light drinks. This was one area where tipping did not seem to get you that extra ounce. What did seem to matter is whether you were fluent in Spanish and/or a great looking young woman in a bikini. 5. The specialty restaurants...we did Italian...too hot in the restaurant and the selection of pasta sauces were very out of the jar like. We did the Mexican....our fajitas were delivered ice cold. We left and went downstairs to the large buffet which always seemed to have something we enjoyed. The restaurant temperature is very comfortable, lovely setting and plenty of romantic tables to be had. We gave up on trying the Steak House or Chinese. 6. Our room...we had a juinor suite in the Vacation Club portion of the resort. Very spacious, kept spotless by the staff, fully stocked mini bar, comfortable king sized bed (not two mattresses joined together like others complained.) Sitting room, two tvs, stereo and a large patio area. The bathroom was large and clean. TIP: Take your shower before 6 in the evening when everyone is coming off the beach. You do run out of hot water during peak times of the day. And, our bathroom ceiling did leak when the upstairs shower was being used. 7. We flew in on the tail of Hurricane Dean and had no power outages during the week like others had complained about. 8. Another tip: Swim up pool bar tends to be the place for the drunk, rowdy guests. If that floats your boat, enjoy! 9. Lots and lots of kids on this resort. 10. If you are American, do not purchase the cool handwoven baskets from the guys on the beach. Since they are made of palm frons, they are confiscated by the Dominican Republic immigration officials when you depart. I learned the hard way. 11. Departure...departing the island left a bad taste in our mouth. The Dominican Republic immigration staff were very rude to us. Even seem to take pleasure in taking the baskets I purchased and throwing them in the garbage. I tried to give them to the young men helping us with our luggage and they were jerked out of my hand and thrown into a waste basket. It did not seem to matter that I had provided a couple of their citizens with 100.00 in additional income for those baskets he tossed (3300.00 in DR). I certainly understand the agriculcural restrictions, he could have been at least civil about it. On to the next...We could not find a pen to fill out our departure papers. I politely asked the immigration agent if I could borrow a pen (in the best Spanish I could muster). He grabed his pen and said no in a harsh manner. Luckily, we found our pen stashed in our backpack. Otherwise, I think we would still be standing there! I hate to say this but I got the distinct impression that if you were an American who did not speak Spanish fluently you were treated with less courtesy by the immigration officials in D.R. It was a disappointing experience at the end of a great week. Moral of the story...bring a pen, don't buy the baskets and don't buy the popular Mamajuana product on the island. Not allowed in US. 12. Finally, kudos to the resort staff and a beautiful beach. Rooms are average, but clean and comfortable. Food is good and pretty fresh due to the large quantities being served. And, remember to TIP. This is an impovrished country/people which you will observe as you drive to the resort.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>simplylara
<Content>A total blast I have to write this review in order to make justice to the hotel and it's staff. My girlfriends  I , all aged between 25  29, stayed at this hotel and had a fabulous time. It was amazing. Great food choice  many restaurants. The highlight of this hotel is the entertainments  the friendly staff, dancers,entertainers. There was always something fun to do. Any minor issues were quickly resolved. MANGU DISCO BAR WAS HOT. We fell in love with the beautiful people  the sensual music of the DOMINICAN REPUBLIC. WE WOULD GO BACK IN A HEARTBEAT.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>dstanworth2007
<Content>This is a 2-star resort - you get what you pay for! My wife and I travel alot and this place was terrible. It's just a motel-6 on the beach. We stayed at the Occidental Grand in Cozumel in 2005, it was beautiful. We thought we would get the same treatment since it was the same hotel chain. Not the case. The staff is untrained, a/c did not work, no water pressure, no water at all, power went out. When we travel we have an open mind, we understand that traveling out of the country you have to deal with some of this stuff. We are not the type to complain that they are out of towels or the drinks are watered down, or the road was bumpy. This place is going to bring down the name of Occidental hotel group.The only good thing about this place is the beach. It is beautiful, mostly europeans, americans are the minority, lots of exposed boobies on the beach, not a big deal after the initial look.Don't waste your vacation time and hard earned money on this resort. You'll regret it. Remember, this resort is cheaper than most for a reason, you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ripley304
<Content>A good trip with few complaints Stayed at this hotel form july 21-28 with a fairly large group. All in all we were satisfied with our stay. There were a few small problems but overall everything was nice and we had a great time.CHECK IN/CHECK OUT - No problems here whatsoever. Both went smoothy for us, with no lines, no waiting and no problems plus a nice cool drink upon arrival.ROOMS - We had a corner unit which seemed to be a little bit larger than the other rooms. The room did have a musty smell but I did not see any evidence of any mold or mildew anywhere. Everything in the room worked fine but the refrigerator was not extremely cold. We did find that the first floor rooms are best if you like it cool, 2nd floor rooms average and 3rd floor rooms unbearably hot. One room in our party did not have air though they came to work on it numerous times. The bathroom worked fine, no sink, shower, hot water or toilet problems at all. The rooms could use some updating but were very clean. We were a little shy on towels once or twice. We did tip the maid daily with $$ as well as other small items such as socks, packs of gum and pens and post it pads. The fridge is stocked with water and soda. I would have liked to have had diet soda but did not seem to be able to accomplish that. Not a big deal since drinks were free anyway but it would have been nice to have a cold bottled drink in the room. FOOD - Again, no major problems here. No one in our party became ill and everyone found plenty to eat. the buffet was fine with many options and the fresh fruit was fabulous. Fresh, made to order crepes were good as were the omelets for breakfast. I am a coffee drinker and found the coffee to be very, very good. We were less than impressed with the Steakhouse. It was very hot in the restaurant and the food was not really all that good. The Italian restaurant was great. The Mexican was very good and the Oriental was great. As for lunch choices, the buffet was open as was another buffet near the beach. Both were very good. Home Rum is another option. It wasn't really my style of eating as it was mostly fried and fast food but the ice cream was fantastic. You can make your reservations for the week, or at least we did. If you are eating at the buffet, be fairly early as there is a long line and wait if you get there later. This applies to breakfast and dinner. There are also pizza and taco stands for odd times when the restaurants are not open. BEACH - The beach was terrific. Plenty of chairs though not plenty of palapas and there were some skirmishes over those. The sand is great and the water was perfect. We rode the banana boat and that was a lot of fun but it is kind of rough and not for the faint of heart as you probably will tip over more than once. ACTIVITIES - Some of our group went on the snorkle trip. They enjoyed it but did get a little ill on the trip and probably would not have done it again or recommended it. We participated in a few of the on site activities but they were really limited and the equipment is in need of repair. The shooting tournament became archery because the gun was broken and the bow was a little less than what you might expect. GYM - the gym was OK. Kind of small and crowded and very, very hot. But, you could work up a sweat and get your workout if you had the desire to do so.SPA - i did not partake of spa services but a few of the ladies in my group did and had no complaints. I did visit the spa and I have to say it was beautiful and appeared to be very state of the art. SHOPPPING - There is a free bus to the Mall. The mall has a Hard Rock Cafe and Store. The other stores in the mall are fairly upscale and pricey. there is shopping within walking distance - Plaza Bavaro - it is more local vendors and fare and is very reasonable. The vendors will bargain with you. We found some good deals on coffee, cocoa, vanilla, cigars and trinkets. There are local vendors at the resort a couple of nights per week but I did not buy from them. There are also some shops on the resort property. POOLS - There are 3 very large pools one has a swim up bar. They are nice but not deep. They were probably not as clean as we like but they were OK. they do close early though. INCIDENTALS/OVERALL - We did have some members of our group in the Royal Club. There are some differences with that. The rooms are nicer, they have their own pool and section of beach as well as their own restaurant with nicer food - lobster, for example. The service within their area is higher grade and they have some privelages as far as making dinner reservations, etc. However, those of us not in the RC did just fine too. We had thought that we may be able to upgrade to the RC after arrival but there are actually buildings and rooms for the RC and they were all booked. In my opinion it wasn't all that much different for the price but it depends on what you want. Language was a bit of a barrier but not really a problem. There is a little place where kids can paint pottery and my son did this and enjoyed it. It isn't too high priced and it was fun. All in all we had a great time. The food was good, the resort was clean. It is very large and we walked more than usual but that didn't do anyone any harm. Email me if you have additional questions! bettyp@mail.drs.state.wv.us  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladybasile
<Content>Better than we Expected....Would Recommend First, let me start by saying we paid $2500 for 2 people for 9 nights (which included airfare from Florida) We take several trips a year, and previous to this, our only experience with all inclusive resorts was Sandals Properties (which is $5400 for 9 nights, with out airfare) Needless to say, we didn't think it waws going to compare! That is the suprise, it was just as good as Sandals (not having room service is a bummer, but we knew that going in) My husband  I thought the food quality and service was on par with Sandals (which suprised me after reading the other review on this site) The worst part of the restaurants was the a/c, we sweat thru every meal (and the dressscode of no shorts is strictly enforced) The bottom line is, if you go to an all inclusive, don't expect the best food, or the best service, go to a Ritz. But if you can enjoy yourself eating buffet quality food and drinking drinks that are short a few ice cubes, all inclusive is fine for you. Occidental overall impressed me. You can walk to the shopping area, take a free shuttle to high end shopping, you are a $7 cab fare from the biggest casino in the area (think the smallest casino you have ever seen) The hotel room itself was comfortable, shower pressure sucked, but was usable, a/c was cool, never cold, in room fridge kept your beverages below room temp, but again, never cold.Two nights before we left, they were overbooked and offered us a free week to try another resort for our last nights...we accepted. We went to the Tropical Princess, another all inclusive 5 minutes away. The sit down dinner we had their was the best of the trip (however their buffet was disgusting) The service and staff were fabulous here, but both my hubby  I agreed that we preferred the Occidental overall  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>YankeesChicago
<Content>Best Vacation My wife and I spent 7 days at this resort and we are still talking about what a wonderful experience this was. Since the moment we walked in they received us with complimentary drinks and took care of our suitcases. The service was excellent at all restaurants and bars that we went to. We enjoyed so much the lasagna at the Italian restaurant, Via Veneto, and the Arrachera at the Mexican restaurant, La Hacienda. In particular, Junior at La Hacienda, and Santiago at the bars were very friendly and very competent servers. The pool was always clean, with plenty of benches to lay on it, and the pool bar was so much fun. The food was very delicious, we can not forget the restaurant at the beach, which had a buffet for lunch totally equipped with different types of seafood, chicken, meat, vegetables, salads, and deserts. The night shows were very enjoyable, since every single night they had a different show to entertain the crowd. The Piano Bar talent show was so good because it gave people from the audience a chance to show their talent. Miss Flamenco was also pretty good because the candidates were girls spending vacation at the hotel. Last but not least, we would like to say that the crew in charged of beach games and the animation headed by Michael, Williams, Natanael, and Arely is very competent and very likeable. They work very hard at the beach with the sport games given anybody an opportunity to compete. They also ask people to dance regardless of the age and make that person feel special, even if they do not know how to dance. My wife and I would definetely consider this hotel for a future staying. We give it an A+  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lcuttini
<Content>Dissapoinment We stayed there fromAug 4 to Aug 11,2007 It is suppose to be a4.5 stars well it was not. We stayed at buildind #23. There were holes in the screens, bath tubs were rusted, furniture was broken ,shower curtains were dirty and at times there was not enough water pressure to flush the toillet and take a shower. They also fumigated the room while we were there. The specialty restaurants were mediocore with the service and the quality of the food. A few of them the AC did not work. Tht is enough because there was more.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>TDTD
<Content>Great Budget Resort With Good Food, Poor Service And Terrible Rooms Me and my friend booked this vacation with air canada vacations, we stayed at this hotel as it was the cheapest and we were on a budget. Our luggage was lost so that was not a good start to the trip. The air canada rep at the hotel is fairly useless, her only interest was in selling you tours. If you have an issue with your vacation I recommend you call the air canada office in punta cana # is [--].We were informed by the air canada rep we could spend $50/day and keep our receipts, this is not exactly what what air canada said when I got back, you need a claim # and pre-approval to spend the money, so I hope air canada will honour our receipts... again you won't get good info from the air can rep at the hotel, if I would have known I would have called air canada directly earlier.Keep in mind, 800 phone numbers do not work in the dominican republic so make sure you have collect numbers for air canada, your travel agents or credit card as I had no way to get a hold of a few places that only advertised 800 numbers.Keep in mind punta cana is not a real town, there is no night life, shopping is all most non existence except at a real expensive mall nearby with free shuttle bus rides every 2hrs. Expect to pay $25 for sun screen, or $20 for a cheap t-shirt at the resort. At the mall cloths was even more, but there was a pharmacy at the mall which was cheaper ($15 bottle sunscreen).If you need toiletry items, or even souveners t-shirts, there was a store in the market (10 min walk) from the resort, on the main road up past the little banco, I think it was called Licor or something. A t-shirt was $7, suncreen $10, and big bottle of rum was $14 (versus $30 at hotel or mall).I went on two tours, the marinarium tours you go on a pontoon boat and snorkel with tame sharks and sting rays, very very cool and you can look at reefs ect for an hour, then back on the boat for a 30min cruise, then stop for a swim in a tropical lagoon if you like or party on the boat. The boat didn't really go very far, did a lot of figure 8's to make it seem like you were going somewhere.I also went on the bus tour to santo domingo, the air can rep at hotel said it was a big comfy bus... it was a small 40person shuttle bus, it was so crammed, seats so small, and took about 4hrs to get to santo domingo. You stop at aquarime, christopher columbus castle, lunch and old church and they give you 1.5hrs to wander around... as this trip was $70 it was pretty good deal for your money, and if you have gifts to buy save all your shopping for santo domingo the prices are about 1/4 what you would pay in punta cana ($7 sun screen, $5 t-shirt, $10 for rum bottle).My trip went bad after this point, I ended up drowning in punta cana, a wave knocked me down and the under current pulled and held me under... I woke up in the hospital :0( - they put a $2500 charge on my credit card without my consent even though I had insurance. I didn't have trip interuption insurance so had to pay $700 to get home, and air canada was not willing to put me on another flight (they were more than happy to sell my seat though). Make sure you get medical insurance... and ask questions and make sure it also cover trip interuption as air canada only has two planes a week that go there. Becareful about going to the beach, especially when tide is going out, the current can be quite strong, there is no life guards on duty, and based on my experience first aid training does not exist on the resorts and there idea of paramedics is quite hoaky, but there doctors are well trained (and trained in western countries) luckily or I might not be here to write this review.The hospital room was actually nicer than the hotel room, the air conditioning worked (took me two days to get it fixed at hotel), the phone worked (took 1 day to fix at hotel), but much like the hotel and dominican republic no one really spoke any english, I learned after a few days in hospital there is a public relations section in hospital, you tell them what you need and eventually someone will translate it into spanish to the nurses. I recommend you learn some spanish, no one really speaks much english, this is a truly international island with people from so many different places and languages so I guess the people that live there don't bother to learn a second language.Also, if you are single this not a good place to stay, no night life, nothing in to do in the town, and most of the guest were very unsociable, I only ended up chatting with 4 people, 3 of which ended up being canadian and one checkoslavakian couple. I think a lot of the tourists are from big cities in USA and europe so not too friendly and there is a greater than 50% that whomever you meet they do not speak english.The food was excellent, stay away from anything deep fried unless you like visiting the bathroom a lot. Also avoid the little snack bar by the main pool, they only serve deep fried hot dogs and burgers. The buffet was the best part, and it was air conditioned while the restaurants were not. You need to make the reservations early in your trip, I only made it to Las Res, very good 10 course meal. There is also a small pizza place and taco place upstairs and easy to miss that are both quite good and the only ones open really late.If you expect poor service then you won't be disappointed, if you speak spanish you will probably get decent service and by speaking spanish your apparently allowed to budge in line too! If you are a beautiful woman you can expect premium service at the bars, if your spanish expect okay service, otherwise if you get ignored don't be surprised. This also applies to the restarants and buffet, they bring you drinks (stay away from the wine unless you like heart burn) when you first sit down but never offer to get you a refill, especially when busy at dinner. The breakfast and lunch buffets have no lines, but the dinner buffet opens at 7pm has no real line at first and by 8pm expect a 20+ in wait, and around 9pm the line goes away again (buffet closes at 11pm). If you want service one trick is when your done with a plate dont go up for seconds, put the plate to the side of the table so they will come and collect it and via sign language ect try and explain you want a refill, otherwise your going to have to be aggressive and yell hola a few times when someone walks by if you don't want to wait a few hours for service.If you are checking in during the day expect a fairly long and painful wait. Also, and quite oddly the front desk speaks little or no english, I found the conserge the most helpful as she spoke decent english. The resort is beaufiful, lots of pools, nice beach and lots of water activities. It gets dark around 7pm in the summer, and there isn't much to do afterwords, other than eat. The rooms are pretty bad, for the third world they might be considered average, but they would be on par with some run down $25/night off strip las vegas hotel. If your on a budget and don't think you will spend much time in your room and don't mind poor service this resort is average overall, however, if you can afford a few extra hundred there are another 40 resorts with better reviews than this place. I also found a solution to the towel problem, I signed up for two towels, then my friend did the same, so with two towels each if one day they were out we had a spare. The towel hut is terribly located on the opposite end of the resort by the beach, but if you eat a lot then you probably need the exercise anyways.Also, if you like more exotic drinks, the bar located in the hotel lobby has a wide selection, while the rest of the bars are more mini-bars.In conclusion, get medical insurance (my bill for 4 days in hospital was about 5grand) and get trip interuption insurance. Like everyone writes, this is a great resort, that is cheap priced if bought as a vacation combo, with great food, very friendly staff, right on the water with nice beaches, and terrible service and poorly maintaned rooms (on plus side they are generally very quite rooms though due to concrete construction and after waiting two days for aircondition to be fixed quite cool too... also if need something fixed dont call there guest service, ask conseirge and it will be done pretty quick as I learned). And learn a little spanish, such as hello, how much, more coffee, beer (el presidente), refill, ect. I also recommend you pay the $30 for the safe in your room and bring enough US money with you for the trip as you can only can peso at the bank and you will get a terrible exchange rate back to your home currency. If you need something from hotel start at the conseirge if you want results quickly, and if you need anything from air canada call them at the punta cana office (the air canada office was even nice enough to help me out with some problem with the hospital (they lost of shoes, shorts and watch... luckily my wallet was in the hotel room), while the air canada woman at the hotel just wants to sell you tours, and our luggage showed up 4 days later she didnt even know about it.On a final note, our summer, is there winter, it rains a lot, however, punta cana has the best weather, so if your going in there off season keep this in mind as we heard it rained everywhere else, and also dont let the 30degree (88f) temp fool you, its about 90% humidity which translates to over 40c (100f).  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	5	1	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Debdoodle
<Content>Good time...language a problem We were a party of 14 -- had 6 rooms. All rooms were spacious, neat, and the beds were comfy. 4 of the rooms were fine -- two the air conditioning and fans were not working properly. One was fixed immediately -- the other never got quite right. Two pieces of my party's luggage never made it on the plane. I was told that most times in DR luggage doesn't make it due to the fact that so many natives come back and bring lots of stuff and the weight of the plane is compromised. Trying to deal with Continental through the guest relations was awful as the language is a big problem there. Most resorts I've stayed at -- the people in the resort speak English. Not here. Only the front desk and guest relations. Most restaurants there is only one worker who speaks English which is quite a problem. The shows, while sometimes elaborate, were painful due to the fact that you couldn't understand what anyone was saying. The pools were well-kept. No activities seemed to run on time. There was no volleyball net in the pool.. I was told that it broke and that it takes many months to get a new one. That was a ridiculous answer considering how many quests pay to be there. The beach party could have been fun...but they only started setting up at 11 pm (when it was supposed to start) and many people left because they thought nothing was happening. When the party actually started, the sound system went down and the staff started singing to accommodate the games -- which didn't work and most people left. It could have been a really fun night. The beach was clean and beautiful. Raphael at the bar was a lot of fun. The water sports was a joke...you have to sign up and then when it was your turn you still had to wait. A great exursion was the swim with the seals. Not expensive $45 and a really nice park to visit. The food was very good. The buffet was nicely air conditioned. The restaurants were not cool at all. Service at the restaurants was not good. Took a long time to get served drinks. Couldn't leave a pitcher of soda or water on the table for some reason??? Again, a lot of that was because of the communication factor. The lobby is not air conditioned -- no fans either; therefore, after the show, you really didn't have any place to sit and socialize. Francis at the bar is AWESOME! There was always some kind of dancing going on in the lobby -- but sweat would be pouring off of you just sitting and sipping a drink -- dancing would be unbearable. The lobby needs to be air conditioned -- or at least get some fans. The club right outside the hotel was AWESOME!!! It was hopping! My 18 year olds loved it. Mixed group of young and old. My husband and I had a great time there as well. It was freezing inside!!! YEAH!So...for the money and because we were a large crowd who made a lot of fun for ourselves it was a teriffic vacation -- I would highly recommend.My only negatives was definitely the fact that the people who are hired to work there should speak English as it seemed that most guests were American. Also, get a volleyball net! Geez....and most importantly, pack a carry on with a set of clothing and a bathing suit for everyone in your party.....just in case!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Janokal
<Content>Best of 3 hotels we visit We just came back from 2 week stay in this hotel. Well, not exactly, since we spent both weekends in different resorts - our voluntary decision due to overbooking - to simply experience and compare them. And let me tell you, Occidental tops Bavaro All Suites and Caribe Princess by a long shot.First, downsides of Flamenco. If you need luggage service, make sure you inform them hours in advance, and still catch them on their way, otherwise you can end up late checking out. Also, both rooms we had there were just average, TV not working very well, and dated matressess. But at least, AC worked very well and bathrooms were nothing to complain about. After all, I dont plan to stay @ room during my stay in Dominicana anyway.Shows are so so, main objection is about a woman handling them, just not everybody appreciates the strange kind of humour picking up on people.Now, positives. Food. Absolutely amazing, great variety, tasty and served in great manner, in AC environment. And I mean a general buffet. Beach reastaurant equally good. Specialty restaurants rather plain, except a grill one which is highly recommended.Beach and pools are clean and spacious. To ensure a hut @ beach you have to towel-reserve it early by 7 AM, but thats just about in any resort during high season nowadays.Staff is very very friendly, trying their best to please the patrons. And no, you dont have to tip everyone and everything around to be treated well, good manners count as well.We liked it so much, decided to upgrade to VIP status and to make Occidental our primary and desired carabbean chain.To summarize; though some improvement could be made, let me assure you that comparing to Bavaro and Caribe resorts, Occidental Flamenco really shines. Its worth every penny you spend.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>LaurenAl
<Content>worst vacation ever Worst vacation EverDo not Go to Flamenco, the rooms are propostrous. The reception incompetent, the grounds nice 10 years ago, now just need some serious renovating. I did see that some rooms were remodalated, but when I asked why can麓t I be in that building, they told me that it was for other people, I swear to god he gave me a look and a tone which pretty much said for more important and richier people than you. The water fountains looked like they haven帽t been washed in years, with a musty grouse green cover in the water.In a three words, Never coming back  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>siroval
<Content>The secret is the room First of all let me tell you that I almost cancelled my trip when I read all those awful reviews. But my husband and I figured we would make our own opinion and also we could not be reimbursed...So we got there expecting the very worst.The flight was great and on time.We traveled with air canada vacations because we licked the timing of their flight .Don't forget check-in is at 3pm, so it is better to get there after...Since we arrived at the hotel at 8pm check-in took a maximum of ten minutes ,we had a glass of something pink and cold and a ride to our room with our luggage. So the first step of our journey had gone well...THE ROOM: We were encouraged by the fast check-in but still expected horrors in the room...We opened the door and found a clean room, a comfortable bed(though with a questionable bed cover) no bugs and no puddles on the floor and were on the fist floor so the roof could not leak.So we told ourselves it could have been worst...we had water pressure , hot water and air con all week except when the electricity was out (4 times).We felt like we won the lottery compared with everything I had read..The room and bathroom do need more lightingit is true that the bathtub is rusty and the shower curtain gross with mildew,rust,and ripped..The towel bars are almost inexistant...We were in building 11.Some people on the third floor had to be moved when it rains because the roof leaks.BUT HERE IS THE SECRET : we found out on the thusday while talking to the quality manager person at the resort that they are renovating ,the resort is 8 years old only and that 4 buildings are renovated and they are renovating 4 more in september.SO try to get a room in buliding 12 or 13 and I think the other two are 25-26.building 12-13 even have new doorknobs with card keys (we had an ordinary key) and people we talked to raved about their room in building 12 .They did not understand why We were upset about our room...until we found out about the renovations.Now that you know for the rooms ..The food was great and diverse.The buffets(beach and main)were always well stoked and had great stuff and desserts.The pizza was great and there was always something they could make you fresh like omelets, pastas, meats, thin pancakes...The only thing is it is sometimes hard to get coffe or wine you have to ask...the coffee is good wine not really..we tried one restaurant 脿 la carte and decided we liked the buffet better because the reservation are at 6h30 and 9pm, too early or too late...The beach is extrordinary, the staff very nice, the drinks plentiful, the ambiance and animation fun ,the pool needs a paint job but we cannot complain about the cleanliness and maintenance of the resort.When something was broken or spilled it was fixed rapidly..We felt secure, security is present.As for the beach towels a little advice BRING your own you will be happy because they don't always have enough and you do have to get up early to get a palapas (6h45am) .If not you will always find a chair and there are palm trees some shade. That is why the beach is so great.It is not a snobby resort it is a more casual atmosphere we met some nice and fun people but it was our first experience in an all-inclusive and we liked this way of traveling. If you went to other resorts with more luxuries you may be disapointed but it is less expensive...  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>BeachBunny85
<Content>Can't complain about much... I was just at this resort (July 2007). As many of you have said, the check in process is HORRIBLE!!! My family and I were already tired from our trip. We had woken up at 4 o clock that morning. Our flight was 8 am. Our flight was delayed. We didn't get to Punta Cana till about 1:30pm. We didn't get to the hotel until about 2:30-3:00 pm. We waited on line to check in for literally 2 hours. We were starving and tired and cranky. This is the last thing we wanted to do. At least there were plenty of seats in the lobby for my family to sit though. The lobby is pretty by the way. They could use some new seat cushions though, but that's besides the point. We finally got the key to our room. Yaayyy!!!The room was pretty nice, and clean. Our room could have used a little more lighting though. There were a couple of lamps and a light or two on the wall...but nothing on the ceiling. Thank GOD the AC worked because boy was it hot and humid outside. The AC worked so well that the first thing I did was pee in the morning because I was so cold. I loved it. The room itself was nice, but I hated the bathroom. The tub needed some updating. It needed new caulking because the old one was not white lol. We ate at the buffet everynight because we kept on forgetting to make reservations at the restaurants. We actually enjoyed the food here though. There was a big variety, and everything tasted good. I loved the crepes! They make them for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Yum! This guy makes them right in front of you on this cool crepe machine. He makes it amusing and makes hearts and flowers with the filling. So sweet. The cleaning ladies were SOOOOOOOOOOOO sweettt. All the waiters and waitresses were SOOOOOOOO sweet. I can't say anything bad about the staff because they were all very nice (besides the bartenders...I didn't like them much). The beach was beautiful. The temperature of the water was perfect. The waves were fun! There werent rocks in the water to hurt your feet. The sun was strong, so that's great for your tan!Oh...you get ripped off with the souvenirs. You have to really push with them to get a fair price. If you don't, you'll be ripped off. I understand why the souvenirs are over priced though...these people are very poor, and they really need the money. I was really sad at one point of my trip...I was on the beach with my mom and there were people going up and down the beach selling jewelry and other souvenirs. My mom and I bought some necklaces, bracelets and rings from this one guy. After he gave us a fair price on everything, we paid him. He then asked us in a nice way if we could go and get him some water because it was VERYYYYY hot and he had been working all day. The poor guy couldve dehydrated. He wasn't allowed to get water from the resort, so my mom and I got it for him. It just made me sad...I dont know why =/Overall, our stay was great.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	5	4	

<Author>lalomak
<Content>Horrendous Hotel I know I know, I was YOU a week ago sitting in front of the computer searching for the perfect hotel reading all the reviews. And I read about the Occidental Flameco, the reviews were mixed but honestly how horrible could it acutally be? I mean most of the people enjoyed themselves so how could it be that bad. I am writing this review my first review ever to hopefully save someone from our horrible experience. First of all the hotel was below average, our room was gross, it smelled, has ants, and no water pressure at all  no hot water. The first two nights we hosed off in their rusty tub with cold dribbling water. The food was horrific and when I say horrific I mean atrocious, dreadful, appalling, and almost to the point of unbearable!!!!! I got food poisoning the fourth night and spent my last day with extreme stomache aches and a high fever. We had met a girl on the beach who had experienced the same stomache pains. The staff are unfriendly, because its all inclusive they know most people dont tip, so why make an effort? I guess the hotel doesnt feed their staff with the enormous amounts of food they have, because they are secretly begging for it, asking you to bring them food into the bathroom. There are so many beautiful hotels on the same gorgeous beach, trust me spend some extra money and stay at them!!!! DONT STAY AT THE OCCIDENTAL or the carabela or rui. do a lot of research before you pick a hotel in the dominican....  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pupshall
<Content>Least favourite to date We have to say that we were not impressed. We go on 1 to 2 trips down south every year. Now I read loads of these reviews myself and I do base some of my trips on the reviews I read. Take this one for what it is...the flight and bus ride were good. upon check-in, we didn't really get guided to where/what to do. Our room...one coachroach in the bathroom one night - fumigated next day. Double beds go together to make the king and the mattressed were VERY old and bowed. In room bar is awesome. Great social sopt at night but everything happens in the main lounge. Pool shuts down at night for cleaning. Drinks were great but you need to tip to get attention. Swim up bar wasn't working - OMG!! And the swim-up bar bathroom was overflowing with poop everyday and not working!! Very long distance from main lobby to beach. Beach is amazing but get there early for a chair. out of the 6 of us that went, 2 got sick for 3 days, 1 for 2 days, 1 for 1 day, and 2 not at all. Chinese restaurant was the best - others were disappointing. The buffet was great every night!!Will not return!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>doreensacrey
<Content>A Wonderful Vacation We read alot of bad reviews and we were very afraid of going there. We had another resort booked, but they had a fire. So we decided to visit this resort. This is our first time away. We were going on this trip to celebrate out 10th anniversary. This wasn't a mistake. This was the best trip we ever had. Don't believe everything you read, because everyone experience is different. The service was amazing, the people were so friendly. Our room was great. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the shows at night. The food was amazing. If you have any problems they will do whatever to fix it. The beach was amazing. Remember these people work 18 hours a day 6-7 days. a week. We have nothing to complain about. We are so thankful for everything we have. Go out on a Barvaro Runner and see have these people live. You will not complain about small things anymore. So glad I had a chance to go to this resort. Would love to go back again.Doreen and Raymond SacreyColdbrook, Nova Scotia  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nay9903
<Content>Good Overall Experience except for Check In! We had a great overall experience at the this resort, excpet for the check in process, which was an extremely stressful start to our vacation. We arrived at about 1pm, and were prepared to wait until the 3pm check in. However, the front desk was ready to help us and all seemd well for a moment. Then we are told that the hotel has been overbooked and they would be sending us to a different hotel. There were two other guests who arrived a few minutes before us who got the same story. It took a good 25 minutes of us refusing to leave, calling expedia via cell phone, and arguing with every person available until the resident manager was finally able to find us a room. The resort has like 1800 rooms and of course there were available rooms. We got the impression that they were somewhat overbooked and were going to try and persuade as many guests that afternoon to move before checking them in. The manager was extremely apologetic and helpful after, but it was not how you want to start a long awaited vacation. Besides this, I felt the place exceeded expectations. Our room in builidng 23 was clean and the AC worked great. I though the staff was very pleasant, helpful, and friendly. I think we spent a total of $5 a day on tips and this was well worth it in my mind. The food wasn't great, but I though there were more than enough options to pick from. We definitely enjoyed it and would go back again if I wasn't afraid of another run in with the front desk check in process. On a side note, we did end up checked in and in our room by 2:30 pm after all of the drama.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnniePNewJersey
<Content>Had a good time but.... We stayed at this hotel from July 23-29th. People weren't kidding about how horrible the check in process is at this hotel. There were about 4 families on line in front of me and it took me close to 2 hrs to check in. I asked for a safe and went to hand her $15.00, she said it wasn't necessary. I'm thinkin Cool! She gives me 2 different key chains and I'm good to go. I get to the room and the safe has no lock in it.! I was given 2 keys to the room...no safe key.! I had to go all the way back to the lobby, give her the 15.00 to get the lock for the safe that I asked for in the first place! I have to say that this was the worst part of my stay.They say you can only get reservations for that night only, but if the restaurant was full I heard people getting reservation for the next night. Just a note...the Hacienda Mexican restaurant was really good.I know it's an all-inclusive, but I was really surprised at how many people do not tip! Come on people!! Part with your singles, these people can really use the money...they work hard!A good tip...Save yourself some money and bring your own raft. There is an air compressor in one of the little shops at the hotel. They do not charge you for the air. All in all we had a good stay, but if we were to come back to Puntacana we would definitely try a different hotel.If you want further info you can email me at dannie0143@verizon.net  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>SandSunandSea
<Content>Great hotel for young fun seekers We stayed at the resort in August 2006 and enjoyed the resort very much. The hotel is great for young couples and singles seeking to have some fun. The major disco of punta Cana is located on the resort the Mangu and people from other resorts all travel there to have some fun at night. There are two levels in the disco with salsa downstairs and more modern mosic upstairs.The beach is beautiful and is the resort. The resort is well kept and very big. You can walk for km on the beach. The watersports desk is also available on the resort and the prices are very reasonable.Make sure to bring an extra credit card sized card to keep the airconditionner working. Enjoy and have fun.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>muia
<Content>Disaster The only thing I have to say about this hotel is DISASTER.The service is horrible. On the third day, my girlfriend and I got bitten about 40 times on each leg. We have no idea if it was beg bugs or sand flees. Afterwards, we changed rooms, which had no air conditioning, no shower pressure and a blocked toilet. Also, we called one morning for a wake up call, which we never got and also we called for a bellboy to get our luggage to change room, which once again never came. We also went to see the doctor, which didn't speak much English and did not want to help us because we didn't dish out 180$ for an examination. The reason why we didn't want to pay the money was because the hotel was responsible for the situation we were in. I can go on and on about what a confusing and unorganized trip.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>gearhead007
<Content>Not a great hotel! Well we've been to this hotel. With we i mean a young couple.We had good expectations of this hotel but there are enough remarks to make.Summary; Don't go here, spend your money in another hotel in this country.The Dominican Republic is really cool! It has nice temprature and it is allways warm. That's what we like about this country.We have been to this country before in Majestic Conollial (maybe it is spelled different)That hotel is WOW! Is super!!!Now we went to this hotel. 4 star must be good, we thought.All rooms are old and in bad state. For example our problems;refrigerator didn't work, balkony door falls allmost out (in both rooms) bath tub is dirty and crane didn't work so well either, the airco was very noisy, the roof was not rain proof!These were our problems during our stay. We wanted an other room it was difficult to get one. That room was also in bad state.(But dry)I spoke to the manager he had a solution for us, to bad we left that day! I had to wait 3 days to get that solution! We didn't any compensation for our troubles. His letterly word were; I thank you for your stay.So the rooms are very bad and the servicegrade is also not good. They speak btw also very bad english.Our holiday was ok, but some problems. The resort was not great and the room were terrible. So choose another hotel for your budget. This is really not the value we paid for.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Mrhino86
<Content>Great Vacation, would recommend to anyone! I just went on vacation with my girlfriend on July 22nd and I couldnt have had a better time. The service was great, employees were always friendly and willing to try and help you out. As long as you show them respect, they will show you respect and go out of their way to help you out. The line for check in could be a little long, but while we were waiting we were greated with frozen drinks and the line moved quickly. As for the rooms, we stayed in buliding 24 which was very close to the beach. The farthest builing is maybe a three minute walk to the beach so I dont think it is too horrible to walk that distance. Our room was very spacious and cleaned every morning/early afternoon. We acutally had to get up a couple of time during the night because our air condidtioning was TOO COLD! In the early evening, an employee would come to our room and deliver us 2 beach towels so we could wake up and go right to the beach. The food was great as well, both buffets had a great variety of fresh fruot and different entrees every day. All men need to bring long pants for the restaurants or they will not let you in. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>eddieprieto
<Content>Please choose another resort. Save your money!!! First of all, I have never written a review of any hotel that I have stayed at ever in my life, but this place was really worth the energy. It wasn't till my girlfriend  I came back that I started to read the reviews on this place and I can honestly say that all the negativity that has been written is totally right unfortunately. It was a total disappointment. Don't judge the web site by it's cover. The place so does not meet what the place offers on their web site. REMEMBER this though, if you want to have at least some so-so service, YOU BETTER BE TIPPING cause if you're not, YOU WILL HAVE BAD SERVICE. While everyone was making reservations, I was tipping the CAPITAN which is the head man in the restaraunt, and we would go walking past the line into the restaraunt. When you travel here, you must understand that ONE AMERICAN DOLLAR is equivalent to 33 of their dollars. If you take care of them..They WILL take care of you...That's the only way. The only restaurant that was worth a crap was the oriental restaurant. DON'T DRINK THE WATER!!! Between the water and the food, I had Diareah for 2 WEEKS!!! You would think that going to a place where you have never been, you would be able to try their type of foods. Get ready for some HOT DOGS and HAMBURGERS!!! I could have made this at home. The quality of the rooms was nothing to brag about. The bathroom was always flooded, the ceiling in the bathroom was coming down and the fruits they gave you wrapped in the plate when you first get to your room were rotten. I understand that this isn't part of the U.S. but even the cab driver told me that this hotel was one of the worst that we could have stayed at. This hotel has left such a bad taste in my mouth that I will not be going back any time soon. I have friends that have gone with MK tours and have had the best of times with other resorts. PLEASE THINK TWICE BEFORE BOOKING HERE. These reviews are not joking and there are much better places to stay at. DR is a beautiful island. Unfortunately we had an experience that I would not want my friends, family or anyone to experience...EVER...Choose your stay wisely. This place was rated 4 stars when we went. It maybe was rated 4 stars for the locals but I'm having a hard time giving it 1 star. I've had better service at a Truck Stop off I-95 or a motel 6 than this place. PLEASE don't waste your money here. Don't get caught up in this place. The reviews were also right about the alcohol. This is supposed to be an all inclusive INCLUDING your DRINKS. For those of you who stayed here, have you ever heard of any of the bottles of alcohol they had there to mix with? The stuff was worse than toilet water!! The bottom line is you're definitely not getting what you paid for. Good luck on your venture, and please think this place over several times before you stay here. The only good thing we found here were the beaches....and these beaches can be found anywhere else in Punta Cana where you will have better service!! OH...By the way...Don't get caught up in their TIME SHARE/VACATION CLUB SCAMS!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KSRMassachusetts
<Content>Far from a 4-star resort!! I wouldn't go there again!!! We (2 adults and 2 children) spent 10 days this July for our summer vacation in the Flamenco in Punta Cana. We can't tell you enough how unhappy we were with our experience there! Although the layout and the looks of the outdoors of this resort were impeccable, well maintained and clean, we felt that the rooms were very poorly maintained, in need of major repairs, and possibly renovation. Most of all however, we found that the basic service required by the staff was lacking!!! In most places in the world that are rated as 4-star resorts, the staff go above and beyond of the call of duty to keep their customers happy. In the above-mentioned resort however, minimum service was often inexistent! To give some examples: in the buffet area, it seemed very hard to get someone to set the table to get silverware, napkins, coffee, drinks, etc., in several occasions. Often enough they also run out of clean plates, spoons, glasses, and we had to wait outside the kitchen door for someone to appear with a clean load!!! The beach towel shack run out of clean towels everyday, by 1pm!!! In more than one occasions the maid forgot to place towels in our room, and even after we called the customer service desk three times, we did not get towels until 45 minutes later. There was no one at the pool area asking if we would like a drink from the bar. We had delicious drinks, but we had to bring them ourselves from the bar. The room we were given at first at 10:00pm, after an adventurous and exhausting flight and drive from Santo Domingo, had a leak on the ceiling and a puddle of water right in front of the door. One side of the room had moisture on the wall with the paint peeling off. The sliding door to the balcony wouldn't lock, the air conditioning didn't work. 2 of the 5 light fixtures didn't work either and the toilet wouldn't flush. Instead of changing our room they sent maintenance to deal with all these issues that late at night, when our two children were passed out on the bed. The next day we requested a different room and the one they offered was worse than the one we had before: as soon as you entered the room an intense smell of mold overtook you!!!!!! Finally after calling our travel agency and spending considerable time on the phone, the manager assigned us to the Model Room which in fact was very nice and everything worked. It was aggravating and stressful to get there however! One should not have to get upset, call the travel agents, and ask to speak to a manager in order to get a descent room to spend 9 nights in!!!!! Anyway, we feel that this is most certainly NOT a so-called 4-star hotel, far from it, in fact!!!!! We would not attempt to stay in any of the Occidental hotels in our future vacations, after having such a negative experience there!!!!! We also think that Punta Cana is over-rated. The beach is really nice (although the ocean water is rather rough). Any attempt to leave the resort and visit anything else, will bring you in close contact with a Third-World-Country!!I would take Aruba, or the Bahamas, or Saint Thomas anyday, over Punta Cana!!!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>armcgrl
<Content>How did it ever acheive 5 star rating!!!!!!! This just is not a 5 star hotel. First of all the first room I had the tub was rusted and the toilet leaked. The next room the toilet leaked worst than the first one. I have stayed at an all inclusive place before and they have good food. This place the food was beyond bland. They never use any seasoning ever. The beach is dirty they have kelp everywhere, as well as plastic cups, bags and paper. Everywhere you go people are begging for a tip and I understand it is a poor country but it's all inclusive for one, and secondly, they never stop begging it is nonstop. I went with a group of people and everyone took turns getting sick. Luckily, I brought pepto bismol and antibiotics. Everyone in the group used it. It is not kid friendly. The kid's camp is a joke. My nephew is 4 years old and 10 minutes there he was like NO!! No one speaks a second language. The German visitors had just as much trouble communicating than the English speaking patients. I know some Spanish and that made it a little easier, but the people will say to your face that English is too complicated so they have no interest in trying to meet you half way. The one thing that really irritated me was when I complained about yet another broken thing in my room, they will talk to and say yes we will fix it but they have no clue what you said so no one shows up. Don't say you'll take care of it when you can't. I gave it OK because the spa metamorphosis was OK. NEVER EVER GO THERE AND IF YOU DO PLEASE DON'T FORGET THE PEPTO BISMOL-trust me go to Aruba instead.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Rich5272
<Content>Honeymoon in June My wife and I were married on June 16 and stayed at the occidental from June 18-25. Overall we were very pleased. We booked with Apple vacations.Beach: The beach was picture perfect. Clear, warm water. There was always somewhere to sit, just be sure to go early in the morning if you want a hut. Pools: The pools were very clean, huge, and not crowded at all. The swim up bar was the place to be and we never had a problem getting a drink. There were lots of cool people hanging out there.Rooms: We were in building 13 right at the beach and the room was sufficient. It had a king size bed, 28 flat screen TV with cable, there were plenty of American channels to watch while relaxing, everything was clean, but it did get mildewy in there. We left a few bucks and few trinkets for the maid鈥檚 everyday and we always returned to find animals made out of towels, bottle of rum, flowers, etc... Service: The service was up and down. As everyone else has said the front desk reps aren't the most helpful. But the bartenders were great and they did not push you to tip. I tipped everyone for the first two days and had 3 different bartenders outright tell me not to tip, and they would not give me change to continue tipping. I'm pretty big on making strong drinks, and the bartenders were too. I suggest the cubalibre. 3 parts rum, 1 part Pepsi, 1 lime. Good stuff. Also try the Tiki Tiki. Shopping: We didn't leave the resort for shopping due to the horror stories. But there are 5 shops on the resort, outside before you get to check in, including a market. There is a shop next to the beach buffet. And there are lots of vendors in front of the restaurants on the weekend. We bought all kinds of stuff. BARGAIN. We never paid more then half of what the vendors were asking. Excursions: Be sure to book your excursions for the weekends because this place gets crowded then. Take my advice on this. We took the excursion to Saona Island our 3rd day there. It was great!! Swimming with the star fish, speed boat rides there, catamaran ride back, some of the best food of the trip, strong drinks the whole time. However, they neglected to tell us that it was 2 hours away each direction from the resort. This was horrible. We wouldn't have taken this trip if we had known it was so far away. So we didn't take anymore excursions. However we heard that the Kontiki Party Boat was a blast (booze cruise). Nighttime shows: The shows were fun. They always asked for volunteers to come up for different games and we had a lot of fun. FOOD:Reservations: You can make reservations for the al a carte restaurants either at 8am in the morning for the same day, or at 2:30pm for the following day. This is done in lobby in person, not by phone. Let me start by saying that my wife and I are somewhat picky eaters. Brazillian restaurant = Excellent! Best food of the trip by far. Italian = Terrible. Tastes like low grade spachettio's.Taco kiosk: Horrible. Spent the next 5 days back and forth to the bathroom.Pizza kiosk: Good, be sure that the crust is cooked all the way thru. I got one that the dough was not cooked all the way and ended up face to face with the toilet afterwards. Deep fried buffet on top of the swim up bar: Good stuff, french fries, nacho's with salsa and cheese, onion rings, etc...Buffet: Oh the buffet...this was a little scary. The crapes were great for breakfast, the bread was good, the cantaloupe was good, the grilled chicken on a roll was good. That's it. The rest was horrible. To sum up the food, all in all it was extremely disappointing. I will never go back strictly because of the food. However there is enough there to keep you alive. Other then that we had a blast and loved every minute of it. A typical day at the resort: 10am: Wake up11am: BreakfastNoon: Swim up bar or at the beach. Either way you鈥檙e drinking. 4pm: Drunk or just about drunk.4:30pm: Every one goes back to their rooms for ciesta.7-8pm: Everyone comes back out for dinner, drinks, etc... Good times...Rick and Kim  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>cov897
<Content>Great Stay!       Hotel Occidental Flamenco Punta Cana Beach  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lacevas
<Content>Hated almost all of it I was so excited about going to an all-inclusive resort because my parents had gone to one and all I heard was how good it was, so my mom found this hotel and we booked it. From the moment we got there it was bad. The front desk was rude to us, didn't want to answer our questions. The rooms were dirty and smelled of mold. Luckly the second day I found a pool where a lot of people didn't go so I stayed there the rest of the time. The resturants were bad. They wanted to copy Amerian food by having an italian place and a tex-mex place. The food was gross. I think the best day I had was when it rained and I played bingo and won some Domonican coffee. Anyone thinking of going there please don't. I spent my money on a trip I wish I could take back. Choose somewhere else to go. The ocean was dirty, dead fish floating around. Went in water once and had to get out quick because I saw a dead fish floating by.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	1	1	1	2	

<Author>thorneybont
<Content>Teenagers loved it First impressions were not that good. Rooms are basic and need updating. However the pool and beach were superb. Took 2 teenage kids who had a superb time and hence left me and my wife to relax and enjoy the sun. Restaurants are excellent, only drawback is the weekly queue to book them. Watch the holiday club. Joined for an upgraded room but now regretting it.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>teajae
<Content>Worst Vacation Ever There is nothing GRAND about the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana. If you are an American contractor you could come to this resort and make a fortune because the entire place needs to be gutted and renovated. Please take said everything here seriously, I wish I had done more homework and not gone on the advice of my travel agent. From the moment you arrive things are bad. There is no welcome party or drinks. The check in dates back to the stone age. Prepare to wait while staff go back and forth to the room. There is no such thing as modern amenities. The check in desk has one computer and any requests will go unfulfilled unless you are prepare to raise the roof (ie. $#*)$). The food is horrible. You never get any wash cloths. I had to use my key to rip the towels to make wash cloths. My room was musty and there was condensation on my floor. I was eventually moved after I went to the lobby at 11pm in my pajamas (I hit the sack early because there is little entertainment on site and what is available sucks) and demanded to speak to a manager. My previous calls to guest services ended in someone hanging the phone up on me. We were moved to a room that was a home for mosquitoes. The beach is okay at best. Don't look for shopping because there is nothing worth buying (I guess this is a plus after you have spent much money on a horrible vacation no need to continue to fuel their economy). The drinks aren't worth putting in your body. The hotel was overbooked so the management was offering a 7 night return stay free if you would leave for a couple of days and visit another of their hotels. BEWARE..after looking online these hotels are no better than the Occidental. Imagine that....a chain of horrible hotels. Please don't think that I am just another spoiled american who goes to third world country and expects too much. I have been to other third world countries and the experience was nothing like this. If it is a vacation you are after.....DONT DO IT HERE...U HAVE BEEN FOREWARNED, DONT WANT TO SAY I TOLD U SO.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	2	3	

<Author>Debbie_from_WI
<Content>Good Food - Bad Service       view from the door  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>foofzz
<Content>Just OK... I鈥檒l begin with my overall opinion first. We鈥檙e a young couple (I鈥檓 23 and she鈥檚 30) and we go away several times a year. We鈥檙e not very picky and are pretty satisfied easily. We stayed at the resort from July 8-15 2007.The resort itself is pretty big, clean, and attends to a lot of people. Our overall vacation was great. We found plenty activities to do; water-skiing, parasailing, snorkeling, etc. If you choose to relax, you can do so as well. The shows at night weren鈥檛 the greatest but still entertaining. Someone mentioned it was a 鈥渧acation from hell鈥? I think that鈥檚 an extreme exaggeration coming from a particular individual. Is it the best resort? No, its not, it definitely needs some areas of improving on. Will you have fun? If you go with an open mind, and are not very picky and fussy, you definitely will. If your looking for a higher end resort, I don鈥檛 think this is the hotel for you. Will I stay at this resort again? Probably not. I stayed at Occidental Allegro Punta Cana last year. And although smaller, I felt the hotel focused most of their attention on the customer and making them happy. As compared to Grand Flamenco, where you feel the employees are just there to work, and not for the customer. Two different vibes. We still had fun though, but still wouldn鈥檛 stay at this hotel again. I鈥檒l give you my honest review, as well as some tips for some of you that will be going. If you have any questions, or any concerns, feel free to contact me at foofzz@gmail.com. Check-in: This is one of the areas the hotel needs major improving on. Check in is at 3pm and they鈥檙e strict on this, so keep this in mind when booking your flight. If you arrive earlier, be prepared to wait. The service of the front counter is not so great. You notice a lot of people鈥檚 faces full of disgust because they鈥檙e either making a complaint or requesting service. They just grin at you and don鈥檛 seem as helpful as they should be. Buildings  Room: We stayed in building 26, which is closest to the beach but furthest from the main pool, main buffet, and main restaurants. Building 13 is also closest to the beach. The rooms are another area the hotel needs to improve on. The colors are dull, bathrooms are horrible, and air conditioners should be cooler. We鈥檙e a young couple whose not very picky, but when you pay so much to go on vacation, you expect the rooms to be much better than here. We鈥檝e stayed at other hotels (not 5 star) and rooms were much nicer.Some people mentioned power failures at the hotel. We experienced this our last night here, but it occurred late at night when we were all sleeping. Power was out for about 30min-1hr鈥o big deal. Other than that, we never experienced any power mishaps.On a side note, we go away about 3 times a year, all to different places. This is the first time we鈥檝e seen it be 4pm-5pm and our room still wasn鈥檛 clean. On 2 occasions, I just told the maid to replace our towels, pick up the garbage and forget about the cleaning the room. It was too late, and she happily accepted. Beach  Pool: Beach is beautiful. We鈥檝e stayed in Punta Cana before, and the beach is one of the reasons we love it so much. White sand and beautiful, clear, warm water. One thing to distinguish with the other reviews; if your looking for a chair, you should have no problem. It was 5 of us, and we were always able to find chairs. Now, if you鈥檙e looking for a hut, for no sun, you probably have to wake up early to grab one. Those get taken up pretty quickly. We love laying in the sun, so we never went searching for huts. They have 3 pools: a main pool, and 2 smaller pools. We found the pools to be always clean, and enjoyable.Food  Restaurants: We鈥檙e not picky eaters. This review, as everybody鈥檚 is subjective. In the buffet, we were always able to find something we enjoyed. The fruits are always fresh, and deserts were great. We had no problem here, but again, all of our food tastes are different. They have about 6,7 restaurants in the hotel, but only 3 are open every night. Reservations are made in the main lobby between 9am-12pm. You can鈥檛 make future reservations, only for that same night. The line gets pretty long, so make sure your there by 8:30am or else you will be waiting. We ate at the Mexican, Italian, Steak and Oriental. Again, we found the food to be good and service excellent. The waiter/waitresses were great and always looking out for your requests. Side note: Gentleman must wear long pants, and everyone should arrive on time at the restaurant. If your late, they wont seat you. I saw a couple of people arrive really late and not get seated. That鈥檚 not the hotels fault, that鈥檚 ones own. You should all attempt to arrive on time. Service: Except, for the front counter, we found the service to be good. The hotel is pretty big, and it does attend to a lot of people. The employees are pretty friendly, and try to attend to all your needs. You may not get that 1 on 1 attention as in smaller hotels, but they still do a pretty good job. We never felt obliged to tip. Tips, etc: Exiting the airport, there is a $10 dollar tourist card you must purchase for each person. There is no fee leaving the country.At this hotel, it cost $15 for the safe key for a week. I would advise to get, so you can store all your personal and important belongings. It鈥檚 better to be safe than sorry.If you walk out the hotel, you鈥檒l find some stores and a market with small shops. It鈥檚 pretty safe to walk around, but like all areas, always be aware of your surroundings. Everyone will tell you they have the lowest prices, but to start off they鈥檒l give you the highest price. ALWAYS NEGOTIATE if you want to get a bargain. Example: If they tell you something cost $50, tell them it鈥檚 too much. They鈥檒l reduce it to 30-40. You tell them how much you want to give them. If you feel its worth 15 dollars and want to give them only $15, tell them so. Most of the time, they鈥檒l accept your offer. If not, walk out of the store, and you鈥檒l see how quick the price drops. Never pay the price they start off with, unless you don鈥檛 mind overpaying for their stuff. Same goes with the activities on the beach. NEGOTIATE. Do not be afraid to do so. P.S. Feel free to contact me if anything.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>holoOntario
<Content>In Hospital for three out of seven days!!!! Trust me don't go... My husband and I were just married on July 7th of this year and went to Punta Cana for our Honeymoon, we stayed at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana, what a nightmare from start to finish. We were supposed to have the honeymoon package/upgrade but that never happened, put that aside we spent three days in the hospital due to eating on the resort. What a great Honeymoon!!! The hospital had better service and food then the resort, I wouldn't let a dog eat there. Hardly anyone speaks english and if they do it's broken at best. Our beautiful upgraded room had ants in the bathroom, the tub wouldn't drain and did I mention the night the power went out for about two hours. Trust me I have been to several different resorts, and have never had any type of issue with food or services. Please think long and hard before booking this resort it may look nice in the pictures but be careful. FYI...We were not the only ones to become sick that week. BOOK AT OWN RISK!!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	2	2	

<Author>blindream
<Content>Stayed here twice, never again I wrote a review about our previous stay at this hotel and said how I can't understand why people gave this hotel such bad reviews. Well, now I completely understand. Our first stay at the Occidental last year was great. But the second time around, horrible. We'll start with check-in, it took forever! People kept cutting in line in front of us (not the hotel's fault) but still, we waited in line for a long time. As for our room, it was clean except for all of the little bugs crawling around in the bathroom. We got a notice that they were going to fumigate, but I don't think that ever happened. We tipped the maid everyday, but there were 3 days that we had to call guest services to get bath towels because she didn't leave any. I don't think having bath towels is too much to expect out of a hotel! There was not one day that we had wash cloths. And never any fresh flowers like last year. And the maid didn't even have to make the bed because we brought our own sheets. I think all she did was sit in our room and watch tv because the tv was always on when we came into our room. The food also seemed to go downhill since last year. We only ate in the buffet, and it wasn't impressive. The service was terrible, we'd have to flag down a waiter to even get water. The resort also seemed terribly crowded. And lots of kids......annoying!!!! We walked to the Palladium and to the Bavaro Princess, they both seemed like beautiful resorts and definitely way less crowded. The only good aspect of our trip this year was the beach, always beautiful, and the new roulette wheel in the Occidental's casino. My boyfriend probably won $600 over our week long stay. We had 2 completely different experiences each time we stayed here, and we love Punta Cana's beach so we will probably return, but definitely not to this rat hole of a hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>dolandcol
<Content>Liked the hotel but My family and I went to this Hotel and were very pleased with the food, cleanliness of the Hotel , but the pool wasn,t as clean as it could have been, and the week-ends were a nightmare they had so many week-end guests that you couldn,t get near the pool bar and it was so busy you had to queue for food and with 3 small children it was very difficult , we felt like animal. We went with Thompsons and I really think they should tell their clients about the influx of people at the week-end s,they were local people and some of them were very rude and pushed in the queues if you let them. The waiters cleaners bar staff were all loveley people and couldn,t do enough for you but we wouldn,t go there again. The Hotel was in a lovely setting and a really nice Hotel but the entertainment Day and Night was rubbish Mrs E Coleman  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tripdad57
<Content>not totaaly happy We went with two other familes a total of 12 people.Check in was horrendous, first they had my family separated, the kids in one building and my wife and I in another(kids age 17)When we said that would not do, they said we did not request it. I explained that even if my agent didn't why would you separate a family. Then when we agreed to the rooms one of them wasn't even ready and this was 4pm already. The clerks at the check in desk leave something to be desired, plus their ebglish is poor at best.The rooms were ok and clean, but not that cool and the water trickles in the shower and sometimes doesn't go on at all. But it is a third world country.Regarding the food, breakfast is the best time to eat there as they do a good job with the eggs and pancakes, plus their crepes.Lunch is fair that would be. the best you can say/ Dinner was awfull, the buffet while plentiful was not that good at all. We ate in the italian restaurant and that was terrible. The brazilian steak house was OK.Drinks are not that good as they use thier own brand which is as close to paint thinner as you can get. You can puchase at night better liquors which we did at night since we cound not drink thier garbage.The beach is good and my kids along with the rest of the kids had fun.I would never go back ther again, there is no customer service and the people working the check in desk are not the brightes individuals. In fact they allowed another guest into our friends room while she was in a robe.Thats not good.Occidental I think does not care for the american tourist.Don't waste your money go somewhere else  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinkynj
<Content>Not a 4 star, more like 2 star I booked the trip through cheapcarribean.com, because it had the cheapest rate, all went smoothly in terms of booking, flights, airport pickup and drop-off, hotel reservations, etc. The biggest disappointment was the hotel. It was not 4 star hotel at all. They need a major renovation. They try to promote their VIP royal club, which is the exclusive area for more $, but even their royal clubs were not that great to be 4 star.- Rooms : Spacious but not clean, smelly, bathroom is dirty, TV is small and very old, AC didn't work well, ANTS!! there were so many little ants every where in the room.- Service : Great on the first day, and it dies out through out the days and become avg. service over all. People there know you once you are there and if you don't tip them well, they will mark u as no-tip and it's so obvious that they treat you worse than yes-tip people.- Beach : Nice but it gets crowded. need to grab your spot around 6am every morning, otherwise you will end up in the no-shade for the whole day, only 1 towel per person and towels need to be returned by 6pm and line up to get the fresh one every morning.- Food : Worst of all. 1 kitchen food for 7-8 location options. when we went, we had only 2 restaurant options for dinner and u needed to be on line at the front desk to make each night's reservation at 8 am. when we went there around 9am, it was all booked so we had no options but eat at the main buffet restaurant. we went those dinner restaurants for two nights, 1 asian and 1 mexican, they both tasted the same and we just stuck with the buffet restaurant for the rest of the trip.Overall, although this hotel and bad reviews in the tripadvisor, we wanted to believe that everyone's diff. in their taste and opinions, but it is some what true what this site tells you. Maybe DR's hotel rating might be different from other destinations, but this hotel was more like 2 star for me. I travel a lot but I never write a review after, but this one, I had to tell you guys. Hope this helped.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>ts3209
<Content>Good Vacation at the Occidental Grand II would agree with all the reviews that I read prior to my trip. I am sure many had no issues, and others had bad experiences. I think it鈥檚 a matter of one鈥檚 patience level. There were 8 people traveling, 4 adults, and 4 kids ages 18, 15, 14, and 13. We arrived at the lobby around noon on a Monday. No welcoming drinks, but the bar was right there so we just got it ourselves. The hotel was not busy and we were first to check in. We were able to get most of the check in done, but were not allowed into our rooms until after 3. I will admit the check in process is very slow. I attribute this to the 'process' not the employees. This is an Occidental Resort Management issue. I could not figure out why there was only one computer, and why they had to keep going into the 'back room' all the time. We all joked that there is one person back there with an abacus, pencil and a spreadsheet!! We did come back at 4:30 to get our keys. We requested two rooms to be next to each other and in the same building. We did not get that but did not fight for it either. The communication barrier and the lack of modern process made this frustrating. We just let it go..it was not that important to us. If Occidental could rework and streamline the check in, it would greatly improve their overall rating.Resort Staff: The staff was very friendly and willing to accommodate. The people in the buffets work like crazy to keep people moving through and are always refilling drinks and removing plates. The cleaning people were friendly and did a good job. Rafael at the Beach Bar was terrific. He knew us on site and would have our drinks ready before we could ask for them. Communication was an issue if you did not speak Spanish. You need patience here, and eventually you do get what you need. Beware of the woman working the picture counter near the Oriental Restaurant. She was really grumpy!! Resort: The resort is very beautiful and very clean. The rooms are spacious and well kept. I did not have any issues with my room, (13-120) however room 13-301 has issues with the toilet tank that kept overflowing, poor A/C, and the front door would not close. Room 13-319 has issues with the sliding door. Room 12-221 had toilet and leaking roof issues. We all experienced power outage, water outage, and lack of hot water at 6pm. They were all intermittent. Beach: This was the main attraction for us. We spent all our days on the beach or in the brilliant blue water. It was fabulous. This is what we came for and we were not disappointed. Even the '6:30 am hut shuffle' didn't bother us. My husband is an early riser, and since we were in building 13 (closest to the beach) It was no problem getting which ever hut we wanted. This resort uses the towel card system, but they also bring clean beach towels to your room. We always had plenty of extra beach towels to stake claim on our hut. The resort is very big and the beach area is huge. Plenty of space and doesn鈥檛 seem over crowded. The water was incredible. Very refreshing, and not too salty. There were some days with more sea weed than others, but it was not annoying. A few days there were bigger waves and we all enjoyed them. There were plenty of kayaks, catamarans, wind surfing and beach volley ball all afternoon. Weather: We had incredible weather. It only rained twice, for about 15 minutes each. Once late in the evening and then once early morning. There was a constant breeze that seemed to get stronger every afternoon. I was worried that it would be too hot for me, but it was perfect. Pool: The pool is clean and inviting. I only used it twice. The water temp was too warm for me. Food: This is why my overall rating was average. I was disappointed with quality of food, but I did not go hungry at all.Main buffet breakfast and dinner: had a lot of food, but seemed to repeat much of the same every night. There was always one unique item being carved fresh that was always very good. Other items seemed to repeat day after day. A lot of the food was very salty. My husband noticed there was never any shrimp or bacon offered the whole time we were there.Lunch Buffet by beach: We ate here every day for lunch. We did not go to the main buffet for lunch. Again, the choices were very repetitive, but I will say it was tasty. I ate mostly chicken, pasta and veggies which were all very good. Pool Snack Bar: We did go here for a late afternoon snack of onion rings (very good) and fries and ice cream. Late night snacks: Tacos and Pizza up by the Mexican restaurant. They were tasty and the bartender up there made great TikiTiki鈥檚 !! Restaurants: We only ate at the Mexican and the Italian. After that, we thought the main buffet was much better and did not want to have to wait on the 7:00 am line to get reservations. The Mexican food was bad. When I think of fajitas, I think of sizzling meat and sides of the fixings and you make your own. Well, I got two cold wraps with beef and onions plopped on them. It was not even close to being gourmet. The Italian was tasty but the choices are all pasta. I enjoyed my pasta with Bolognese sauce but again, not gourmet. Other: You do have to pay an extra 15 bucks for a safe key. That is pretty tacky if you ask me. For the amount of money we pay for the trip, you think they could just throw that in. We met a couple that spent their first night as a standard guest, then upgraded to the Royal club for 200 bucks a piece. They said it was such a difference in the food they ate vs the buffet. So if it is affordable, this might be the way to go to get the food upgrade. The entertainment was Poor. The Michael Jackson show was interesting but way too long. We lost interest half way through. There is only so much lip syncing you can take. There was a lounge singer in the lobby one night, and she was really bad. We would definitely go back to Punta Cana, and would not rule out returning to this resort, but we would try another Resort first.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>mamacita2travel4ever
<Content>Beautifull beach, excellent weather       Enjoy the walk  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Adazae
<Content>Gran Flamenco - Time of my Life!       Aqua blue beach - trully paradise  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>allynj
<Content>Simply Paradise!!!! Central New Jersey Let me just start by saying this was the most AMAZING trip EVER!!! My boyfriend and I went from June 29th to July 3rd and loved every minute of our vacation. We would have loved to stay longer that's how great of a time we were having!! The resort was Great, the people SO NICE, the Staff was unbelieveable and the beaches were BREATHTAKING. We will def be going again..... I def recommend this resort, I also recommend staying in Buliding 13 which is right next to the beach, the location was great and so were the rooms!!! You can wake up in the morning put your towels on the chairs you like, walk to breakfast and still come back and have the perfect spot. The resort offers so many excursions, we took the Dune Buggy excursion and it was worth it!! You go off the resort and onto the beaches, it really allows you to see so much more of Punta Cana than you would have if you just stayed on the resort. You can even talk down prices with the staff to get a better rate. I def recommend this to everyone who is thinking about going here!!! It's well worth it, affordable and will leave you with some great memories and beautiful pictures!!! So much to do - off resort shopping, Mangu disco, live entertainment, excursions, and most of all just relax and soak up the sun!!! And for all the people who had a bad experience I am sorry but how can anyone be MISERABLE in PARADISE???!!!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>JimRMoscow_Tn
<Content>Loved every minute       Grand Flamenco Beach Punta Cana  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bibi89
<Content>Occidental Punta Cana       beach  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Islandboy69
<Content>Nice vacation - the good and the bad The Youngs fm Baltimore, MdWe stayed at the Occidental Grand for a week June 8 - June 15, 2007. After reading a lot of the reviews, we did not know what to expect. It was our first time to the Dominican Republic but we went with our 2 travel friends who had been at the resort about 7 yrs prior. They raved about the resort and the buffet (we will address the buffet later). First, I am so glad that our friends booked all of us into the Royal Club. I think that is where the difference in all of the reviews comes into play. If you stay in the Royal Club you will find it hard to complain. The service was excellent from check-in to check-out. We were driven to the Royal Club for our private check-in which was easy and they serve you champagne and wet cloths during check-in. Your bags are sent to your room that had a fruit plate and bottle of rum waiting for us. We met our maid, Eugenia, the first day and she treated us great the whole week. The language barrier was rather interesting and it made you pick up a little spanish which won't hurt you. The food at our private restaurant was utterly fantastic as was the service. I must repeat that the service at the Royal Club restaurant was out of this world. We ate most of our meals there as the buffet left a lot to be desired. It was really nice to have a private section of beach for our use and the beach is beautiful. The private pool was nice also. I didn't quite get the purpose of the big round pool with the jets. It was like a big hot tub but the water was cool. It was great to just to hop in to cool off as it gets real hot. We didn't have many problems that we couldn't handle - (we travel to the caribbean every year so we're used to having problems). A word of advice - the sliding glass doors have automatic locks - in other words, don't go out on the balcony and close the door all of the way especially if you lock your room door from the inside. This was rather humorous for us. We went to the buffet the very first day and found the food to be average or below average for a well known resort. I think when we saw the tray of whatever with a sign that read - Pig Guts - that kind of did it for my wife and the buffet. Even if it is pig guts - come on now - at least call it something a little more appetizing. The meats at the buffet were always way over cooked to the point of being dry and tough (would have been good jerky). I didn't quite understand the string beans and mashed potatoes for breakfast. The prawn omelets at the Royal Club for breakfast seemed so much better. I am not going to beat down everything at the regular part of the resort because everyone has their own opinion of what they like and expect. I will just say that after seeing both sections of the resort, the service and features of the Royal Club are worth the extra money. We went on 2 excursions via Silvana of Apple vacations. The first one was the Outback Safari. This was an all day trip that was great. They take you thru the countryside to a Dominican house, a coffee plantation, a rum shack, and the Atlantic Ocean. They even give you a lunch that was delicious. We're from the East Coast so we see a lot of the Atlantic but it was still nice. Our guide Leandro and driver Jael Luis were extremely helpful and informative. They even helped us pick out the best rums. They would also stop and let you take pictures wherever and whenever you wanted. Of course, there was open bar on the trip which didn't hurt one bit. The second excursion was a snorkeling trip. This wasn't an ordinary snorkeling trip. You got to drive these little 2 person speed boats to and from the diving platform. The guides on this trip (I wish I could remember their names) were a trip! They made sure that you had a great experience. They would take your camera and take pictures of you thru schools of fish. They even brought us baby sea urchins to hold for photos. They really went out of their way to show you a good time and make sure you were safe. Besides the buffet being below average most of the time, the only other thing that was bad was the other tourists. My wife and I both said that we have never met a group of more rude and obnoxious tourists in our lives. We travel a fair amount and we spend a bit of time in Jamaica and the Bahamas. Most of our trips have been to all-inclusive resorts and we are used to a lot of guests from all over the world. Occidental Grand appears to cater mainly to Latino guests, whether they are from local areas or the U.S., it was impossible to tell and really didn't make a difference. Some guests were very nice, but there was a very large group of them that acted like they owned the resort and showed no manners or courtesy to other guests or the employees. They would walk right up and get in front of you if you were in line. They ordered the employees around like they owned them also. It was almost impossible to watch any of the entertainment shows at night because of them standing in the aisles blocking your view and carrying on loud conversations. What ever happened to walking over to someone to talk to them instead of yelling across the room for 20 minutes. We had some problems leaving as Punta Cana airport was having problems (a plane had aborted take-off, had blown four tires, and was stuck on the runway) and we had to go by bus to La Romana. We almost missed our flight there but that wasn't anything but another chapter in our adventure. There is nothing like running full speed with 2 carry-on bags and 2 bottles of mamajuana thru the airport and hearing your name being called over the loudspeaker as last call for boarding is announced. We take the attitude that every vacation should be an adventure so we expect some excitement. I don't know if we will return to Punta Cana or not - but if we do and if we stay at the Occidental Grand again, we will definitely book the Royal Club. Until then - adios amigos!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	-1	4	2	

<Author>ur2ndhandsmoke
<Content>the most horrible 24 hours of my life This has been my first and last trip to the Dominican Republic. We arrived at the airport, and were very vaguely pointed in the direction of the bus that would take us to the hotel. We waited at least 20-30 min for the bus to leave. The driver was horrible, and actually hit a palm tree when trying to back out of a small space by one of the other resorts. We finally arrived at the hotel only to wait in a check in line for 30 min. Not even the beginning of the issues! We were told to come back at 3pm, almost an hour later. We got a pina colada at the bar, which contained little if no alcohol, and sat on stained seats in the un-airconditioned lobby while waiting. At 10 to 3pm, we got on line. Perhaps 5 people were in front of us. We waited a total of nearly 3 hours to get a room!! Numerous people cut in front of us, many were served only because they spoke spanish. Staff was actually laughing at our desperation, apparently finding their poor accomadations amusing. We were told to come back in 15 min, but us along with other guests were demanding rooms right away. Eventually, we were given a room and headed to the bellboy to tell him the room number, but to please wait because we had to wait on another line for a room safe. After another 15 min, and a couple attempting to cut in front of us that we prevented, we got the safe key and headed outside to let the bell boy know we were ready for him to bring the luggage. To our horror, our luggage had disappeared! we ran to our room, and of course it wasn't there. we attempted to ask a maid for help, but she spoke no english, and really had no idea what was going on. eventually we found the bell boy, who had moved the luggage without permission, and ripped our bags off the cart and took them to our rooms ourselves. but even more fun was yet to come! we asked for 2 double beds, and instead got one king size. the toilet was leaking, the floor had mold in between the tiles, the bathtub had black/grey colored dirt on the floor, there were stains of human origin on our blanket, and bugs on the fruit basket and comfortor.the water was undrinkable, and for 4 stars, should surely have been purified. instead, we were forced to lug water bottles back to our room. the beach was less than spectacular. tons of seaweed and cloudy water. pool was no better, it closes at 7pm and was cloudy also. we had nothing to do the entire night. most bars close between 5pm - 7pm, the lastest is 1am. if you're hungry after the buffet closes at 10:30pm, too bad. you're eating nothing. the food at the buffet was actually very decent, and was about the only thing we enjoyed, however tiny bugs were on the table cloth and had to be killed during the meal. until after 9pm, all of our drinks were served in very small plastic cups. this is 4 star service? the only beer available was presidente, which we both dislike. the staff is rude, unfriendly, and barely acknowledge you're presence. don't ask any questions, b/c they probably won't be answering you. or you may be waiting hours until they do. nightlife is non existent. entertainment consists of a jennifer lopez impersonator singing poorly, and the rest is in spanish. the whole thing reminded me of a retirement village. as two young women in our early 20's, we found literally nobody our age in the entire complex. mostly couples with young children. NOT what we expected at all, and completely undesirable. after much deliberation, we decided the trip was so doomed and miserable at this hell hole that we contacted our travel agent and booked a flight out of there the very next day. the manager offered us a new room after we complained the following morning, while sending maids to tend to our room. to our horror, upon arriving back to our room to pick up our luggage a few minutes later, i found important paperwork i had left out thrown away (i hadn't expected anyone in my room or throwing anything away that wasn't clearly in the garbage), and the same filthy blankets were left on our bed!!! we hadn't slept in it the night before (we were reduced to sleeping on straw chairs rather then face the squalor of the beds or any bugs that may have been in it) but goes to show you how often things are changed! same stains in the same spot!! only one person out of the entire staff was polite and helpful, and arranged for a taxi to take us back to the airport. (we were unable to take the bus that we had paid for in the all inclusive package being that it stops at at least 5 other hotels and we would have missed our flight). If you don't mind squalor, appaling customer service, rude staff, bug infested rooms, and being unable to shower your entire stay, then this is absolutely the choice for you. If not, think twice. This is truly hell on earth.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Ben-n-Michelle
<Content>Best Beach! This past May we visited the DR for a relaxing vaca in the sun and we got exactly what we were looking for with the Occidental Grand Flamenco PC! This was our second Occidental and this lived up to the reputation we at least had created for the OC Resorts.We did 6 nights in a Std Room which we lucked out and were situated in the building closest to the beach/towel shed. (note. only one location to get towels from and only open till 4p was kind of a pain, they're very strict on the towels)...Our room was simple but very clean and comfortable. Tile floors and a large bathroom (toilet water pressure was lacking but functional). Mini Bar and beverages in fridge offered a refreshing nightcap. Interesting was the sleeping situation...two Full Size beds placed side by side and made separately offered a larger than King surface, but my fianc茅 joked every night about being on vacation from sleeping right next to each other (I admit, I snore!). Enough about the room...The Beach was Terrific! White Sand Beaches and Blue/Green Waters made a terrific view. There are little tiki huts on the beach that offer shade for those that arrive early enough to place their towels on them (many guest place towels on the loungers then return to bed or to breakfast at the buffet). You can walk forever on the beach and it's just lined with resort after resort. There are some shops along the way, but they all sell the same thing for the Best Price just for you...was all junk.The service was average. DR lacks here. Don鈥檛 get me wrong, we were treated well, but not as well as we have experienced in other areas of the world.On this trip we did not leave the resort besides the walks on the beach. The areas we saw outside the resorts were a bit ghetto and not so inviting. If this is your first trip to PC, you'll enjoy the Airport. It鈥檚 a sight to see. Tip, they run a scam at the airport which they charge you $10 pp for some ticket (visitor registration or something which they stamp like your passport), then 20-feet later they put it through a shredder and you get nothing in return...we unfortunately followed the crowd through the line and paid for it, while I noticed a couple ppl did not (must have experienced this before).Enjoy the Beaches!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Domerfloyd
<Content>Beautiful beach and pools, average everything else Short Review: Decent facilities and staff with some customer service hiccups. Nice selection of fresh fruit; otherwise, the food is average to above average. Good value if you care most about a nice beach and pools.Long Review:Rooms: We had a Grand Concierge Deluxe with an Ocean View. The room consisted of a comfortable King sized bed, a sitting area, and a spacious bathroom. Television provided TNT, TBS, Fox, NBC, CBS, CNN, and various foreign language channels; reception was out for at least several hours a day. A/C kept up with the heat as long as you always left it on at full blast. The maids did a wonderful job keeping the room clean, visiting at least 3 times a day.Beach and pools: Wonderful. Never had a problem finding a chair in a shady spot. Two bars serve the beach and the main pool has a bar in the pool. Food and drinks: While in general the food was average, my wife and I always found one or two items that we really liked at each buffet. There was always a wide selection of fresh fruit. Restaurants (grill, Oriental, Italian, Mexican) require reservations and if you're more than 10 minutes late, they will not seat you. The Oriental restaurant was the best, though I found the seafood dishes at each restaurant exceptional. Drinks were just fine; they'll make them on the weak side, but you can always ask for more alcohol. Activities: Watersport activities charge you $5 a day for insurance; otherwise, you're liable for damage to equipment that's already well-worn. There are free lessons for windsurfing and sailing. Horseback riding is only offered three days a week, and you have to sign up a day beforehand for limited slots. Other listed activites have specific times when they're available, and sometimes the posted times were wrong. The shows were cheesy but okay if you have time to kill.Customer Service: Everyone in a direct customer service position was conversational in Spanish, English, French, and sometimes German. Maids and maintenance men know enough to take care of relevant needs. You do have to seek out help; staff will not offer any no matter how confused and lost you appear. Also, the time-share salesmen are dressed just like the regular staff, but they are the only ones who will approach you offering you a welcome gift. Tell them you already have one and they'll leave you alone. We were both slightly disappointed; we got what we paid for, but were hoping for more, especially on the customer service side. Still, for a vacation that was planned around beaches, pools, and sailing, it was a success. We'll probably spend a little more money and stay at a more upscale place next time, but we'd recommend this to anyone wanting to try out an all-inclusive at an affordable price.Pros: Beach and pools, maid service, drinks, some of the food.Cons: Customer service is not exceptional, time-share salespeople, figuring out times for activities.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>TravelwithNelson
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic FROM tripsonland@yahoo.com ..........Nelson and Patricia Sales.........Subject: Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta CanaWe spent one week in the Grand Flamenco, from May 18th thru May 25th.This Hotel is an excellent vacation destination.Here are some hotel ratings..............Overall Stay ExcellentComfort of Hotel Room Excellent (1st Floor)Maid Service/Maintenance ExcellentGeneral Hotel Cleanliness ExcellentFood Quality and Service TerrificPool, Beach and Bar Service Wonderful (Hiccup)Extertainment......... Just unbelievable......and enjoyableSTAFF Friendly....Courteous...Helpful and FUN ==================================================  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VanDav
<Content>Make sure you get the upgrade to Royal club. Its $275 but its great!!!!       the water is so blue  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	3	5	5	

<Author>travel49
<Content>Bring Plenty of Cash The Occidental Grand Flamenco is a very nice property on Bavaro Beach. The rooms are inconsistent from the standpoint of amenties, furnishings, age, etc. I had a party of 10 (family) and had booked 5 Oceanfront rooms. At check-in we were given rooms that were Ocean view (barely) after much back and forth and moves from room to room we settled in and soaked up the atmosphere. In the end, the rooms were mostly Oceanview.They enforce a reservation policy at 4 or 5 of their restaurants and the person who takes these is unhelpful and surly. They must be made in person, very early on the day you intend to use it. Of the five, only 2 were open per day. They have two sittings. In the 4 nights my family chose this option, none were ever more than half full, yet they enforced the dopey reservation policy.The service staff (bus boys, waiters, maitre 'd's, barmen, etc.) was fine - tip and your golden. Others weren't. They have have a cashier on property who rarely has cash or change if you happen to have cash. They have an ATM on property which almost never contained cash. On the final day, my sons-in-law spent two hours walking the town (little Beirut?) in search of cash to pay our way off the island (it cost $10 pp to get in - cash and supposedly $20 pp to get off - cash). They went to 5 ATMs in order to get sufficient cash to get us off the island - turns out it wasn't needed! Go figure.Overall, there's no reason to go back. It's a nice place to stay for a few days (not a week as we did) because to go anywhere is an excursion. The food was ok, the staff needs work, especially mgmt and other customer-facing folks. One day we had no maid service at all and another, bare minimum cleanup. They had an internet kiosk in the lobby - again, cash. There's a Royal Club that includes internet access among other amenties, but at $35 per night per room, seemed not to be worth the money.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>RLozada
<Content>Love Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana Our stay at this resort was very relaxing and interesting. We enjoy the beach and the food was good. What we really enjoy was the serviceat the grand buffet. Personnel at this restaurant went beyond the call of duty to please us. I want to make special mention of the following employees; Charo, Victoria and Robinson they are vey special. Sometimes vacationers complaint about the service and the servants, but they don't realized that we as travelers need to become acquaintance with the people that serve us. We are there to be serve, but slavery time is long over in our continent. Rooms at this hotel are very adecuate, clean and well presented. There is no wireless internet available in the rooms which for me is a must. Thisshould be a free standard service in every hotel. Also this hotel need to come with a system that allow customers to be able to make toll free call to the states. I have to make about 4 calls around 10 minutes each and I am looking at a telephone company bill of around $200.00. Being so close to the US, this is a non-sense.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	1	

<Author>mbrebnor
<Content>Pretty Average Hotel This hotel is a decent one. There is nothing spectacular about it. The grounds are kept nice, and the people are friendly. The rooms are huge, which is a plus. The food is average...they make a lot of sausage, and they overcook the food on the grill. Overall, my stay here was relaxing.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lawyerboy
<Content>Fabulous vacation spot It's getting harder and harder to tell from this website exactly what we should believe! Everyone's experience is obviously very different. For my husband and I, it was wonderful. We were booker through Transat Holidays and had a premimum club package. This means you get extras. The checkin was quick and easy..they tell you right from the start to NOT deal with the front desk as you will not get good service. We attended an information seminar that took 1/2 an hour the morning after we arrived...it was specifically for Transat guests. We booked our tours through Transat and could cancel out at the last minute and get our money back if we changed our minds. Yes, there are no facecloths in the room..big deal! We had as much water bottles as we liked...and beer...we left notes for the maids when we wanted extra beer (in Spanish to show that we are trying to learn their language). Snacks were left on our pillows each night and we left them little gifts in the mornings. I didn't find anything expensive about this place...and we NEVER felt pressured to give someone a dollar...we tipped when we got good service...but we were never made to feel as if we HAD to leave a tip. I couldn't believe how friendly these hard working people were. The entire resort was continually cleaned and yes, the rooms are a bit dated but we didn't go to the D.R. to sit in our rooms...Go with an open mind and have fun...  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>girliecd2
<Content>True Review - Not so bad First of all don't expect the best coming to the DR. You are not in the United States staying at the Plaza in NYC or the Bellagio in Las Vegas. You are in a not so rich country that has a hard time building its own communities. The drive from the airport (which was pretty) to the resort, you could tell what you are in for. The people very friendly. First it's hot. Don't expect to wear jeans this time of year. Hot and humid, girls dont' bother straightening your hair b/c the minute you walk outside it curls right back up.The hotel all in all was beautiful. Front desk doesn't really speak English so patch up on your Spanish/Italian. Palm Trees, the pool the beach was amazing. The room wasn't bad at all. We had a beach front room (building 26) on the ground floor. We had one towel when we got there in the bathroom, they didn't have a problem bringing us more WHEN YOU CALL THEM! Our fridge was packed with sodas and water bottles. If there are none, they aren't going to show up automatically by complaining to yourself CALL THE FRONT DESK! They don't speak great english b/c WE'RE IN THE DOMINICAN! People forget we're in another country. My room was very clean, the beds were pushed together, but who gives a crap! You are only there to sleep not to spend all your time there. The showers sucked, water pressure was bad, and when it was hot it was hot.Food - I have to say - gross. I lived on crepes dinner rolls and mashed potatos, and an occassional ice cream cone. I didn't expect much, but for an all inclusive it should have been better. Everyone at the resort complained about the food, unless they were from the Dominican, they didn't mind. But for the most part if you come here, eat at the Mexican restaurant and eat the fajitas, they are the most edible thing to eat. The desserts weren't so bad. They usually leave the buffet foods out all day, so stay away from the fruit and salads. I thought waking up and going to breakfast was going to be incredible. The one day we all ate breakfast, we all got sick. Oh FYI - late night pizza, wasn't too bad, it was actually edible. didn't get to eat at the Taqueria (wish I did)We did the rafting - Le Tube which was fun $25 for 2 people which isn't so bad, I didn't like the fact that they flip you in the water. We also did the Horseback Riding tour -they mislead you BIG TIME. Tell you you'll see Julio Inglesias house, show you the sunset, show you where the Caribbean Sea meets the Atlantic Ocean. My horse was so malnurished, it stopped every 2 minutes to eat a pile of dry grass. My horse didn't listen at all. You feel bad for them so you kind of ruin your whole experience. But the leader doesn't point out anything to you like they say when they try to sell you on it. They take you through an abandoned resort (if anyone remembers the name of this please write me) I would of much rather went on the ATV's (which some woman flipped hers b/c she wasn't careful)They had a show everynight at the hotel which was pretty cool. They had a Michael Jackson impersonator which I thought was really good. The bar service was excellent. After the show ended we went to the Lobby Bar (tell Ilario that I said!) Lobby Bar had a band people danced and that's where a bunch gathered to go to the Mangu club which was on premise and ALOT OF FUN (but not included) beers were $5 (the travel agent told me $1) But it was fun. But be careful, there is some shady things going on that you don't see, but we realized at the end of our trip. We spent most of our nights here and doesn't get hoppin until 1am (for the younger singles and partiers)Like I said the biggest disappointment was the food, but everything - bars - beach - pool -the help were all excellent. My favorite things sitting out on the balcony at night- the beach and the pool.If you really have any questions about the resort or island please let me know and Ill be happy to assist. Like I said it's not the best, but what do you expect!!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>dominicanaSPM
<Content>Vacation from hell!!! This had to be the worst vacation  resort I have ever experienced. Mind you, I travel to the Dominican Republic yearly. Mostly to Santo Domingo. Which I would highly recommend if you are looking for some fun, relaxation  mostly a cheap vacation. Especially great customer service. This will be my first an last trip to Punta Cana. Punta Cana is VERY pricey. Occidental was by far the worst resort in the Dominican Republic. Customer service was horrible. Food was OK. Pool was disgusting. Beach was nice. Be prepare to reserve for a beach chair every morning. Night life, BORING. Casino was a joke. Mangu nightclub was OK. Beware of the second floor. Unless you are interested in being in a strip club. LOL. I would not recommend young couples to this resort. Please believe all the negative reviews. They are ALL true.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>dlove032
<Content>Loved the Grand Flamenco My husband and I are members of RCI (a timeshare exchange) and we booked our trip through them. I was worried b/f getting to the hotel b/c I had been to this site and there were some very negative reviews. A week (5/19-5/26) at the hotel proved those reviewers wrong (some people are just to uptight). The rooms are nothing spectacular, but they are sufficient. The room we were in included a mini bar  fridge, closet, beds,  a bathroom. Not the greatest room I have ever stayed in but it was air conditioned, all the appliances worked, and it was perfect for storing our stuff  sleeping in; thats all you should really need it for ,after all, you're in the carribean. The staff was friendly and helpful. The beach  pool were outsanding  super clean. We payed for all-inclusive so the the food and bars were free (strongly recomended). The bars were great for a good buzz. The buffet had a large variety and the food tasted good. The snack bar was decent  their chicken nuggets were awesome. Dinner is the best meal at the hotel because it has the most choices for restaurants and everything is very good. There are 4 specialty restaurants the dress code is semi-casual (men need pants  a shirt w/ sleeves  no flip flops: women are fine as long as they don't wear a bathing suit or flip flops) and they require a reservation which can be made by 2pm the day you would like to eat at the concierge desk. My husband liked the mexican best, then the steak house, then the asian, then the italian. I thought there was a tie between the asian  the mexican for the best, then the steakhouse, then the italian. 2 specialty restaurants are available every other night. If you need a snack between lunch and your late dinner seating I suggest la taqueria upstairs 6:30p-12:p. Don't expect everything to be exact times it is island time (get to dinner on time though). The only thing I could complain about is paying for our safe lock and key  maybe the sun b/c we got sun burnt but thats a hazard no matter where you are. Overall, it was a wonderful trip.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>browneyedwondr
<Content>Hell on Earth! Are you serious...these other reviews are VERY VERY VERY misleading. I thought I was just being picky about having no washclothes, no water bottles in the room, and no clean sheets. However, when speaking to several other guests, I found they has the same problems...and then some! When you get there, they do not offer you any beverages, tell you about dinners, or really even greet you. Once you get to the front desk, they take about an hour to check you in because they are SOOO slow there. Also, other people cut in front of you because they wait too long as well. Then, everyone wants a dollar from you on top of all that! Our room was smelly, had bugs in the beds, had two fulls (pushed together) instead of a king, bathroom was so gross we wore our flip-flops in the showers...DONT STAY HERE! If you are going to be cheap about vacation, go to Mexico! If you want to spend more money, go to a Bavaro!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>New_York_Dominicana
<Content>3 Star Hotel. JUST OK. Will never stay again. We have just returned from 5 days at the Occidental Flamenco in Punta Cana which we booked through bookit. The hotel was rated a 4 star, but it really is a 3 star in U.S.A. standards. We have stood at other Occidental hotels and never thought twice about never staying at one of their hotels. The hotel grounds, pool and restaurants are clean and are kept beautifully, but the rooms need a whole new makeover and the electrical power does go out every now and then.CHECK IN: When we arrived to my surprise, there was no welcoming drinks. Usually when you stay at an all-inclusive there is someone there to greet you when you arrive with water, soda, or alcohol. There was no one. Our luggage was left with the concierge and we were told that it would be delivered to our room. At the check in desk there was 2 people working. We happened to be the 2nd people in line and it took them 30 minutes to attend to us. Our reservations could not not be found and it took them another 10 minutes to find us a room. Needless to say the woman who took care of us was not very friendly. We had to sign a waiver stating that we would not sue the hotel in case anything happened and we had to pay $10 U.S. for a safe key. She ended up giving us a room in building 12. I would recommend if you stay here ask for building #s 13 or 26 closest to the beach. ROOM: Once we got to our room, it took concierge 2 hours to deliver our luggage after a trip back to the concierge desk. The room itself was average, but needed an extreme makeover. The decor is outdated and the bathroom needs to be redone. There was a mildew smell in the air, so make sure you bring a candle or Febreze to freshen the room. The maid did try to make things look better by leaving behind pretty flowers. The water pressure was very low, but there was plenty of hot water. Ask for extra towels because they only give 2 bath, 1 hand, 1 face and 1 bath mat. The fridge was fully stocked every day. Plenty of water bottles. In the closet you have plenty of space to put your things, but make sure you have an umbrella in your room in case it rains. We complained twice to guest services and was never delivered an umbrella, after it was promised. It only rained 1 night, but we really needed it because it was poring hard non-stop and we got soaked.RESTAURANTS: Reservations are needed to dine at their 4 restaurants other than the buffet. Guest services takes care of the reservations and is supposed to be open 8am to 4pm. On the day we arrived we approached the desk around 1:30pm and the women told us to come back tomorrow. Make sure you wake up early and be at the desk by at least 7:45am. There is always a line and they do refuse people if a restaurant is no longer available. Not all restaurants are open every day. You must wake up every day and make the reservation for the restaurant that you want and there are only 2 seatings. One at 6pm and the other at 9:30pm. We found the Las Reses restaurant to be the best. The regular buffet is open for breakfast and dinner at the Le Buffet restaurant. Breakfast: 7am-10:30am and Dinner: 7pm-10:30pm. Buffet lunch is at the Beach Club restaurant 12pm-4pm. The food varies and it is pretty good. There is also the Home Run snack bar 11am-6:30pm which has hamburgers, french fries, and hot dogs. Overall the food was great and we didn't get sick once. We did bring Pepto and Immodium Ad just in case.POOL AND BEACH: The pool was kept clean. We never went to the pool because we couldn't leave the beautiful white sand beach. Wake up early around 7am and put your towels on the chairs with the cabanas and go back to bed. It is worth it. The sun is very strong and you might need it sometime during your stay. Bring plenty of Sunblock, it is way too expensive at the hotel. The towel center is at the beach and you must pick up and drop off there.VENDORS: Beware of the vendors on hotel property. They will try to sell you an excursion or a timeshare. Be firm and polite or they will bother you. You can get excursions much cheaper on the beach as well as little gifts to bring back home. Always bargain and never pay what they ask for. If you venture outside the hotel the same applies.BARS AND DANCE CLUB: All the hotel bars are terrific. The bartenders really put a lot of alcohol in your drinks, so let them know if your not a big drinker. Some alcoholic beverages like Corona, Alize, and Grey Goose are not included in the all-inclusive package and is extra. The dance club at the hotel called MANGU is the best in Punta Cana. It has 2 floors and they play a variety of music. Entrance is free, but the drinks are not included.Here is a list of things we believe you should bring on your trip:U.S. Dollar singles to tipHairdryerFebreze or candle for mildew smellSunblock because it is very expensivePepto/Immodium AdPlaying cardsAdvilOff Spray for mosquito'sWell we think that's all and hope that this review helps. Good Luck!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>loria1969
<Content>Loved this resort My husband, mother and 18 month old son and I stayed here from May 26 鈥?June 2 2007. This was a timeshare exchange for us and we reserved a 2 bedroom unit. We were in building 17 rooms 17206, 17207 and 17208. These rooms were well located between the beach and the main pool. The rooms were a little older but very clean and more then met our expectations. The bathrooms needed the most updating but nothing that would ruin our trip.I was worried after reading some of the negative reviews but I was more than happy with this resort. We never saw any bugs, and we always found an umbrella at the beach and pool no matter what time we went.It did rain almost every night and the other reviews are correct that when it rains the pathways flood. We just took our shoes off and walked through the puddles (ankle deep water). This was not enough to ruin our trip just a word of caution not to wear anything you would not want to get wet. The resort did provide a large umbrella in each room so that was no problem. We always had plenty of hot water and we never had trouble flushing our toilets. No one in our group got sick and I even brushed my teeth with the tap water.This resort does not have elevators so if you have a problem with stairs ask for a ground unit. Even though we had the stroller we kept the 2nd floor unit and just carried it up and down. I might not have exchanged here if I had known about the stairs.This was one of the nicest beaches and pools I have seen. We never had a problem getting an umbrella and the gradient pool was great with small children.The staff was very friendly and always smiled and said hello. Everyone I met spoke some English and made every effort to help even if they had to get someone who spoke better English.We enjoyed the buffet restaurant the best, we tried the Italian and Mexican restaurants and they were ok but we felt the buffet offered a better selection. We also tried Homerun (the snack bar) and the food was more hit or miss there but since the selection was just hamburgers and nachos we weren鈥檛 disappointed.We will go back again with no hesitation and have no trouble recommending this resort to our friends.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tresec
<Content>WoW I won this trip from our local radio station. We had the Premium Club package which has many perks...our own check-in, beach towels delivered to our room, a private section of the beach for club members, robe and slippers etc, exclusive early morning breakfast at the Home Rum restaurant etc.We were both very impressed with this resort. The staff were friendly and helpful. The staff are very hard working, everyone we passed had an hola for us. Going down to the beach to sercure an umbrella was the highlight of our day...sunrise on a mostly deserted beach...hard to take...we sipped our coffee waiting for the sun to come up. The restaurants were all fabulous...the buffet was great too...always something different.We took the tour to Saona Island...one hour on bus, one hour by speedboat with a stop in the middle of the carribean to swim in a natural pool...unbelieveable! Two hours on a deserted beach laying in a hammock after a huge barbeque lunch..hmmm.It was a full day though..11 hours total...ouch! glad we did it though. We heard that we missed a humid day at the beach...we were there from April 1-8th...it just started to get humid and sticky as we were leaving...otherwise the weather was perfect. There are no creatures in the water which is a big selling point for me...nothing to step on...I liked that a lot.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	3	

<Author>matty_vanderhoven
<Content>quality increased afer beiing here in 2004 the hotel looks he same but the motor doesn't run as smoot anymore. Power problems.No water pressure no hot water.Urban pool party for 3 days.animation was the best at bavaro at 2004.now rest only 4 Or 5 animators the there were over 20.Qulity of food increased.No more champagne at breakfast.No more oysters at dinner.No fresh icecream at homerun annymore.No more beer in the minibar.If you go there for te first time it's good if you are a carribean resort traveller.Go elswhere  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>wifey10
<Content>Great for the money! This was our second trip to the Occidental and once again my husband and I were pleasantly surprised. Without requesting we ended up in Building 13, this is the most desirable of all of the buildings. The walk to everything was 3-5 minutes. The only disappointment was dinner in the Italian restaurant. The service was slow(so slow that we were getting our food when they were ready to sit the next seating of reservations) and the portions small. We left this restuarant and went to the buffet because we were still very hungry. The other restaurants made up for it. Mexican by far was the best. My husband and I are not picky eaters and found breakfast, lunch and dinner to be good. (remember, you are in another country) The weather was great and everyone was extremely pleasant. After breakfast in the buffet beware of the gentlemen selling timeshare...it got to be a bit much. We have recommended this resort to family and friends and everyone has been pleasantly surprised. The beaches are fabulous. You can't beat this resort for the money!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Blr3000
<Content>Not what we have expected We booked our vacation through Travelocity where this resort is rated 4 stars. Let's just say that the resort is more like 2 stars. The only good thing about this resort is the beach. Other than that, it's nothing to brag about. We are not picky travelers, however, the room needed an extreme makeover. Loose outlets where wires are exposed, tub  shower fixtures loose, dirty tub with dead bugs in it and toilet which works on its own schedule. We asked for a queen size bed but got 2 double beds. One of the mattresses and sheets had an awful smell to a point that we threw the mattress out into the hallway. One day, the maid just decided to let herself in without even knocking!?!?!? The staff is not very friendly. During mealtime, you would not get a glass of water or coffee until you were finished eating. Not very attentive. The gourmet restaurants are a joke and are only opened one at a time! We waited 45 minutes for our appetizers! The resort has one of the hip night clubs in the area. When we were there several famous DJs were performing so all of their groupies came along and were extremely rude and ignorant. They would scream in the middle of the night walking back to their rooms drunk, etc. If this is your thing, you'll have fun. But if you are going with a family in hopes to relax and enjoy yourselves, this is not the place to be. Try the Gran Bahia Principe where we stayed last year and had a WONDERFUL time. Also, beware of the vendors (Allegro) on the hotel's property who will try to sell you an excursion and then a timeshare/club membership for $21,000.00. The main buffet was OK for breakfast but horrible for dinner. The beachside buffet had a good variety of food and we found it pleasing. The only good thing about this resort was the beach.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>danstacey01
<Content>Wonderful resort, don't believe all the complaints!!!!       the view from the sidewalk  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Topdown
<Content>Beautiful Place if You are not Supper Fussy My girlfriend and I just returned from the Occidental Grand Flamenco. We were there from may 7th till the 14th. It was a very nice and relaxing vacation. Right now is considered the low season. To me we could not have been luckier. No crowdes, no lines to stand in. A little extra consideration upon check-in goes a long way if you get my drift. Just be sure to be discrete. We had a real nice room in building #13. Very comfortable king sized bed and very close to the beach. The air conditioner worked well in our room. We ate in 3 ala carte restarunts. The Mexican ( food was way too spicey, and I like spicey food) and the Italian( mine was burned badly on the bottom and my girlfriend's samon smelled way too fishey. We eat samon at least once a week and know how it is supposed to smell.) was a waste of time. The grill was pretty good, but there was not enough of a selection. The buffet was fair to good but repetitive. The pizza from the pizza shop was pretty good. The beach buffet was convenient and the food was ok. The burgers at the Home Rum were ok too. I am not a dancer but my girlfriend is. Even though I went to the disco mainly for her, I had a real good time. We went twice. I liked it much better mid-week than on the weekend. Even though the resort wasn't crowded, it still helps to get up around 6:30 am or so to reserve one of the better cabanas on the beach. Just throw a towel over the loungers and go back to bed. It does help to bring at least one of your own beach towels so that it is easier to recognize which lounger is yours. If you want to sleep past 8am I highly recomend bringing ear plugs. The maids are friendly, but have no mercy as to being quiet. They talked loudly to each other outside our room on most mornings. The only excursions we did were the para-sailing and the snorkeling (the one hour one for $25). They were both fun and fairly reasonable. I really don't understand why they don't have a ladder on their snorkrling boat. It is almost impossible to get back into the boat without someone in the boat needing to pull you in. Two years ago when we were last in Punta Cana, we went horseback riding on the beach out of Pat's Ranch. I really loved that. I reccomend the later time to do that. I think it starts around 4:30.  We had one day of rain. It rained most of the day, but had the effect of making the naxt couple of nights cooler and much more comfortable.All in all, if you are not super fussy and not in need of 1st class accomidations, you should have a great time.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>M_IN_USA
<Content>Wonderful trip We stayed at the hotel May 5th through May 12th and had a great time. Check-in was quick and our room ready when we arrived at 4:00p.m. We stayed in bldg 14 and our room exceeded our expectations as well as the grounds and beaches. We had breakfast at the buffet and ate at 3 of the restaurants. Again we were pleasantly suprised by the quality of food and service. The employees couldn't have been more helpful. We were always greeted with smiles. It was a nice that the employees spoke many languages and menus were printed in various languages. Communication was never an issue. We would recommend this hotel and location to anyone. We walked down the beach about 1 mile and shopped at a local market. Once you've been in one shop you've seen it all. But, still worth the trip.We also did the snorkling/party boat that took us to swim with sting rays and sharks (my huband forgot to mention the sharks to me) After doing that, I was ready for a few..... drinks!!  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mangu
<Content>The flavor of country cooking! I had a wonderful experience at Flamenco Royal Club. Who gets all you can drink champagne anywhere?!!!!!!! Most of all excellent service and food! Everday was a delight . The food was fanatasic and was as authentic as possible which is nice to taste the flavors of country cooking! Wow, the beach was beautiful and the water is as pure as turquoise. I look forward to going back! Yesenia  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>butch1417
<Content>Butch1417, New Jersey,May 18.2007 We just returned from a week at the Occidental grand.We found no problems with check-in though we arrived at around 4pm.We stayed in build 13 right off the beach, the room was very nice,our air conditioner stoped working the second night there but was fixed by the next day, but was only cool, my son and his wife stayed in the room next to ours theirs was cold.We found no problems with water pressure for showers,and plenty of hot water. toilet flushing was another story though, some times had to flush the toilet 3-4 times.The grounds were beautifully kept,over all a beautiful resort.the beach was great, the pool was realy nice thought oneday there was a lot of grass clippings in it.The sales people there were relentless though, we found out while some how getting talked into a sales pitch that when you arrive they place a band on your wrist (blue if your not a member) black if you are a member. the sales guy told us that the blue band means that you are treated as a second class visitor. That when you go to the bar or go to make reservations at one of the resturants that though you are not awear of it the first thing these people look at is the band on your wrist. If you have a blue band your drink is served to you in a plastic cup, if you have a black band on the you get it in a glass.BULL my money spends the same way.they have venders on the resort a couple of times during the week, every time you walk by they hound you to buy something this was very very annoying. I'm on vacation to relax not to be hounded to buy things.The resturants were ok we found the italian to be good, and theorential was ok not much on air conditioning though. The buffet was ok nothing to get excited about.Unless you speak spanish or french it was very hard to communicate with the people of the resort if you needed something.Beach towels was another story while we satyed on one side of the resort they have only one place to get beach towels,of course it was on the other side of the resort, we went to exchange our towels one day around 3 or 4 o'clock now there open for beach towels from 6am to 6pm after walking clear across the resort to exchange our towels we were told to leave the old ones and come back tomorrow for new ones.. Why I have NO idea.We were told onenight when we went to walk on the beach that we were not allowed, and that was only around 8:30 in the evening. We were told by the security guy that if we realty wanted to we could but he would not recomend walking on the beach after dark.The entertainment was not worth watching, couldnt under stand it anyway everything was in spanish.We also found the people of the resort were some what arrowgant. the frozen drinks were very watery.went to the desk one day to try an break a twenty dollar bill they told me they could not do it unless i wanted passos back.If you are planning a vacation I would recomend you look else were to go.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>justsomeguy1
<Content>Nasty hotel worse EVER totaly to be avoided This hotel has realy bad maintance issues and needs to be pulled downand re-built, I had the worse holiday of my life and i am well traveled. Where to start? Well i was in block 16 room 202 and at first the puddles of water in the bathroom we actualy thought it was the toilet leaking ..and then it rained. The entire roof of the bathroom pour in rain water which went all over the electric wires ofthe aircon. The aircon then broke down as the room contined to flood.They called out maintance who took down the false ceiling to fix it and showed me the extent of the problem and just shook there heads. The leaks were not fixed and it had been going on some time. The hotel could not move us to another room as it was at max occupancy. It rains in the caribean alot but this hotel is not geared to cope with it, Power outages make the water sytem break down i.e no electicno flushing toilets, the rain water floods the paths so deep you can not get up to the resturants in the everning wearing anything on yourfeet! The rain water was all swept into the swiming pool and then theswimming pool went green and was closed down. I went all inclusive and there is no choice of beer, just week lager, There is a diferent colour wrist band system and pecking order in the hotel. Wrong colourband and you dont even get served at the bars for hours. Most hotels in the caribean go to great lengths to keep hawkers away but not this hotel it invites them in and has its own team of hawkers in the lobby pestering you to join travel clubs etc, most annoying and persistant. The ala carte resturants are rubbish and have no choice available it is a set menu, we tryed three of them and did not botheragain in our second week. The beech was naff and was as busy as oxford steet on a saterday afternoon, to get a sunbed you had to be up at 6am and reserve one with a towel and the same for a decent spotaround the pool. The staff were totaly unhelpfull unless you tip them. There are alot of hotels at this resort and i totaly recomend you chose a different one to this untill they get there maintance isssus fixed (i.e nock it down and re-build it) Even the front lobby bar roof leaked, we saw plenty poeple slipping over and hurting themselves on wet floors. The disco is nasty and lets in the locals from outside DONT GO THERE!  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	4	1	1	1	

<Author>JARmad
<Content>Disappointment Recently returned from spending 4 days at this resort. Lobby is lovely - front desk employees leave much to be desired. Waited in line for 30 minutes while the employees took their time attending to their guests. No one made a concentrated effort to expedite check-in for any guest.Rooms were in Building #7 - away from pool, dining and beach entrance. Only way to reach either pool, beach or restaurants was to walk through the lobby and then onto the pool area which lead to beach area and restaurants. Rooms were decent - clean with nothing missing. However, window treatments were hanging off rods - obviously no one bothered to fix them. Lights were a little tricky to learn how to work - shut light - shut TV - shut AC unit........took some time, but we mastered it. Towels were stacked however, no wash clothes were provided, or were sent to room after physically going to front desk and requesting them.Water pressure for shower purposes was fine. Not so good for toilet purposes - not enough pressure/power to flush properly.Beach - Sand not light - dark shaded and clumpy. Water's edge was full of seaweed and not cleaned by hotel resort personnel. Not inviting to take a dip in the Atlantic.Pool on resort was nice - kept clean. Chaise lounge could use replacement - old, sun battered and many had holes in them. Spent majority of time at pool - was relaxing when the resort was not filled wtih native familes - too many kids (55 on Sunday morning).The restaurants - Brazilian Rodizio, Il Chinese, Via Vento and the Buffet leave much to be desired, as does the young man at the hotel in charge of restaurant reservations. Encountered a problem the first evening after making reservations for the Brazilian Steak House. Documentation showed 9:00 p.m. - arrived and was told that my party was for 7:00 p.m (with an attitude, no less). When I presented the documentation, I was asked to step aside and wait. My party and I were shown to the back room of the restaurant where the table was not even set. The food lacked character, flavoring and quality. Truly disapponted. The next two evenings were spent at the Nightly Buffet because I could not secure reservations at the other restaurant Il Chinese as I was told it was booked to capacity. Mind you - all of these reservations were made upon our arrival on May 5th. The Buffet was horrible - basically the same food nightly. And, whatever was not consumed the night before made its way back to the Breakfast Buffet in the morning. UGH! The Italian Restaurant - Via Veneto was another disappointment. Once again, encountered the same dificulty with reservation - same story - different day. Food was horrible. The service at all of these restaurants needs much improvement!Day before check out - May 8th I approched the front desk to ask for assistance in confirming the van service for the following day. At first they ignored my presence and when they felt they were ready to attend to me, they did so half-heartedly. To make a long story short - they would offer any assistance and I was told to go back to my room and make the confirmation call from there. They were quick to remind me that there would be a charge to use the phone even though I was calling within their country to Santiago. So be it.Chek-out morning May 9th - received a call in the room asking me if I was checking out and if assistance was needed with baggage. I assured them that we were checking out and did not equire assistance with baggage. When we arrived at the front desk to begin check out procedure the bell captain yelled at me telling me that the van was waiting for me and that there were people in the van as well. I reminded this man that my confirmation was for 11:10 a.m. pick up and it was not even 11:00 a.m. - upon hearing that he walked away without comment. When myhusband asked for a check out bill he was told that there was no need for that - our credit card would reflect our charges. This was a first for me!The good part - the weather was wonderful, the company was great and we made the best of our last minute quick get away.My recommendation - - avoid this hotel at all costs. Very disappointing. We have stayed at many Occidenetal hotels in many different places and they were much better than this one - time to change hotel chain!AJM - New Jersey  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CalgaryChick
<Content>No Complaints at all....       Pool  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>minnie_dean
<Content>not a 4 star my 2 friends and i stayed at this resort from april 19 to may 3 and i can say it was the worst vacation i have ever had. we booked as premium class, got to our rooms after carring our own luggage up 3 stories( we are in early 60's)only to find we had one bed for the 3 of us, went back to the desk and found out there was not another room available untill mthe next day, we agreed on a cot for that night and 2:00 in the morning they finally arrived with the cot, next day we had to fight with the front desk and finally Felix till we got a room around 3:00 in the evening,Then it rained and rained and we had leaks on our bed on the luggage and over the tv. we moved again only to find ourselves going into a one bed room again, the bell boy had to phone the front desk and find us another room.This is not a 4 stay hotel,,,,,The service was great staff in the dining rooms and maids were awesome, but the place itself needs some serious overalli would not recommend anyone to this hotel,  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	5	2	5	1	

<Author>Bishop401
<Content>No problems My husband and I were at the resort from April 29 - May 6. First impression - soooo hot. We got there around lunch time and since room wasn't ready, we had lunch at the buffet rest. Food choices were amazing, fruit, roast chicken, anything and everything. We were put in building 15 on the ground floor. I was worried as I read about the flooding but it hardly rained at all while we were there and when it did, it was for about 15 min. tops, usually around the dinner hour. We had no flooding. Yes it gets slippery outside but you have to be careful whether you're in the D.R. or in your own country. Beautiful grounds, landscaping very well kept. Lots of dining places to choose from. We tried the grill restaurant which is brazilian style. If you like meat this place is for you. We also tried the Mexican and the Italian. We had no problems with either but you have to book your reservations early in the day or you won't get in. The taco and pizza places were also good. The pool restaurant offered great hamburgers and fries and I loved their Make fish sticks. We didn't get sick once and we did a lot of eating and drinking. We were warned by our tour rep that if you drink alot of coconut milk drinks such as pina coladas, coconut milk acts as as a laxitive. Also, if you don't drink lots of water, you will get sick as we all know alcohol dehydrates us. I didn't try the spa but it looked wonderful. The nightly shows were great - lots of dancing. We also had no problems at the beach - lots of chairs and if you don't get under a hut, there are lots of shady trees to lay under. The beach bar bartender was the friendliest. We went on the Jungle Safari where you head into the mountains and visit a typical dominican house plus other things. It was a day trip and we had a great time. The tour guides are funny and friendly. Our room was quite roomy. We had no problem with electricity going out the whole time. The only tiny problem in our room was that the time didn't work on the clock radio but the front desk gave us a prompt wake up call when asked. Our a/c went out once but when we told them, it was fixed immediately. A lot of people probably don't know this but if you do have some sort of problem, you don't go to the front desk but to Guest Relations who are located in the lobby. They will get you your extra towels, fix your A/C, etc. We heard the disco was fantastic but we're too told to go there! hahah. Anyway, I would recommend this resort.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>kcl0529
<Content>Very Good Hotel The vacation was very nice..we were there April 22nd - 28th and we are a family of four. We had a rocky start. We didn't have great weather...2 1/2 days of rain/no sun but it ended with three beautiful days on Tues., Thurs.  Fri. When we arrived on Sunday, we were at the hotel by 1:15 and grabbed lunch and changed into bathing suits and put our suitcases in Security. The only problem was that late in the afternoon (no sun at all, all day) it POURED!!! We hung out at the beach bar/restaurant which is really nice. When we finally went to our room, it was leaking from all the rain and the floors were wet. We were able to find someone in housekeeping in our building (which was located closest to the beach which was great!) and got some towels to start soaking up the water. It rained for a while and we had no luggage although calls were made twice for them to bring it to us. Finally at about 6:30 my husband ventured out because NO ONE would answer the phones at the front desk. They finally found someone to bring them and our luggage to our room.When it rains....be careful. The floors and walkways do get very slippery. The walkways also flood/puddle quickly. Many times we walked barefoot or had to walk on the grass area. The room was fine.....we had a cot in there that my daughter slept in, so the three of us shared two double beds that were pushed together to form one king size bed. You may want to consider two rooms so you have two bathrooms. That was a bit difficult, sharing one bathroom. We did have a nice balcony, but honestly, we didn't use it much. The bathroom was also roomy. The room itself was decorated nicely and it seemed like it was updated. The bathrooms can stand some more updating. We stayed in building 26 which was closest to the beach which was great. It forced you to get up and walk to breakfast and dinner which was where the lobby is located. Continental breakfast was available at the beach bar/restaurant.The food was very good.....no complaints.....but never found anything to be very hot. Only items that were cooked to order were very hot and the PIZZA was great!!! Breakfast and lunch were always good, with plenty to choose from. Dinner, at the buffet, was not great. Thank goodness for the specialty restaurants....they really were very good....not great and not like here, but never had a bad meal. No one got sick. We drank bottled water and brushed our teeth with it, did not eat any salad, but we did have ice cubes and frozen drinks. Not a problem. Sports bar had hot dogs, hamburgers, french fries, etc. The ICE CREAM was delicious. The people were very friendly....many did speak English, but we also spoke Spanish and it was fun. Lots of activities when the weather was nice. Activity directors all around, but not bothersome. Volleyball, dancing, table tennis, non-motorized water sports and tons of tours to sign up for. We chose, because of the limited sun, to stay put. The kid club was too young for our son. It was right across from our building. More geared towards little kids. We went to the fitness center, played tennis one afternoon and basketball twice. The pools were very nice and the swim up bar too!Do bring plenty of sunscreen...like others said...it was very expensive to buy anything in the hotel. There are a few stores and a spa. Make sure you get everything you are entitled to...don't expect it to be offered....make sure you ask. We paid slightly extra for the conceriege package and it was worth it. Free massages, priorty seating at dinner, beach towels delivered the first night to the room, etc. Also, BE PATIENT...check in was a bit slow.Vendors are allowed to walk on the beach but NOT bother you. You only saw one at a time. The nice thing was that on Friday night the hotel brings in a huge group of vendors, all dressed very well, and tons of items to choose from. Youdo need to haggle!We would go back and I would recommend the hotel...no it's not 5 star, but I'd say more like 3.75. It was VERY clean, well landscaped and maintained and the public bathrooms were spotless (lobby area, beach bar). Entertainment was good....not great...buy hey you're not in Vegas!! They had a Michael Jackson show one night that was REALLY GOOD.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>nTmC
<Content>Good enough, but not the best... We have just returned from a week at the occidental grand flamenco. The resort is good enough, but not the best experience at playa b谩varo. (Palladium resort, right next door is much better).The villas are old and rooms need some maintenance...but in general the service is very good, the restaurants are great with lots of variety food.The pools are nice and clean.Do not loose the michael jackson show at night...Very Small casino...A little secret: ask for the pop corns at the lobby bar :)The best of all is the beach, white sand and clear blue waters with some wind...enjoy the mornings. No problem at all with the beach chairs, there`s always a disposabal chair for you.Overall I would say this is a good choice for a 4stars sup. hotel at punta cana...GO THERE!!!  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zgangof4
<Content>The beach is outrageous First, I would like to say I have read the reviews on this sight for the last six months. The last few weeks really put me on edge and was afraid to attend. I decided to put all negative reviews behind me and pray for the best. Well I guess my prayers were answered :) The weather was picture perfect although watching the weather report before arriving they predicted rain all week.It did rain almost everyday. Maybe the most would be for 5 mins.Usually just when a dark cloud would pass and then the weather was beautiful. It must have rained at night a few times but when we woke up the sun was shining. We only knew that it rained cause there were a few puddles on the ground. By the time we went out for breakfast the puddles were mostly dried up. We stayed in building #13 and had a oceanview room. It was beautiful. The room was a little run down mainly the bathroom and the lobby was a little run down as well. The chairs were in definite need of replacement. Nothing at all that would make me not have a wonderful time. The people were friendly always saying olah :) They were always cleaning the grounds and the room was always cleaned promptly. The service in the restaurants was a little laxed. They always cleaned up promptly but usually were a little slow in noticing you arrived and bringing drinks or silverware. Dissapointing that you had to walk to the main buffet for breakfast. A few days they had cold breakfast at the beach club and it was sufficient if you didn't feel like walking to the main buffet. Both my husband and myself got sick. We dont know from what. We were both very careful to not drink the water or brush our teeth with the water as well. I tried to eat only fruit that I could peel and yet we both did have the runs and bad cramps for most of the time we were there. Not enough to make me have a bad time but definetly enought to not make me want to go back. Overall we had a very nice time. If you want a hut up front you have to get up early. Most huts were definetly taken by7:30am. There was plenty of shade from the palm trees as well.The sun is brutal so you definetly will enjoy some shade. We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Xcaret in Rivera Maya, Mx and absolutely loved it. That is why we booked with the Occidental this trip. They did not have the same stuff, service,atmosphere etc. I would highly recommend that resort to anyone looking for a great time.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>JohnnyPace
<Content>Great Experience       Eva-Marie  Mommy Lisa  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flashToronto
<Content>Very Bad Experience Please allow me to describe our experience at the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana, Bavaro Domenican Republic.We travelled March 24th 2007 from Toronto.We assumed this resort was a luxurious executive getaway. As it turned out, it was not cheap to stay there (over $5,000 cdn), but it was our WORST EVER holiday experience!!!We arrived there on Saturday March 24th 2007 at approximately 9:45 in the evening. Although the resort was only about 30 minutes from the airport, we had to wait there for other passengers, drop them off at their resort (5 stops). In our humble opinion a 4+-star resort should have a passenger shuttle that offers direct service and at the very least a soft drink or a bottle of water while we waited 20 minutes to depart the airport - NONE of these services were offered by the Occidental Grand Flamenco. After driving all the vacationers to their resorts, we finally got to the Occidental Grand! We were not greeted with any drinks as expected from a 4+ resort and wasted another 45 minutes arguing with the person at the Premium service desk because our rooms were all messed up. We had specifically asked for 2 rooms next to each other and not 2 rooms in separate buildings as I have a 10 year old and a 16 year old. My friends who traveled with us had the same issue and were forced to sleep in our second room (which was temporary to be for one night only).The stress caused in the first two hours alone put a huge dent in our first impression of the resort and in our enjoyment of our vacation. The row of our disappointments don't end here, there is plenty more:We paid for 鈥淧remium Club Package 鈥? we were given building 12 room 12110, 12109 which are not Transat Premium Club rooms. We had no fruit baskets in the rooms, no bathrobes, slippers and beach towels and no rum or alcohol in the mini bar.We were hungry and needed to eat but the restaurant buffet was closed. We ended up spending the rest of our evening waiting for pizza  taco鈥檚 located up on the balcony next to the Italian restaurant. We finally got our food after waiting in line for 35 minutes.The second day of our stay at the Occidental resort started out by not having any electrical or water service. This prevented us from taking a shower, brushing our teeth, washing our hands and flushing the toilet. What a terrible experience for civilized people with high hygiene standards!!! I went and hunted down Felix who, by now, had plenty of notes concerning complaints from the resort guests. I told him about the water problem (or the lack thereof), and he told me that the resort has some problems with the electricity, and that (according to what he knows from the resort staff), the electricity and water service should return shortly. Felix also asked us to come back at 3:00 pm to change our rooms. The power did not come back on until after 9:00 that evening. Note: still no Premium service that we paid for!The breakfast of our second day had a pleasant surprise: they served fresh fruit! This was about the only type of food I enjoyed so far. But, not to get carried away with too much pleasure, they ran out of bananas. I tried to ask the restaurant staff for more bananas, but they either didn't understand or they were too lazy to get some, or had none. I put some more effort into my sign language by trying to show them the color and the substance of the material, and succeeded after about 5 painstaking minutes: They presented me with 4 rotten smelly bananas鈥?covered in onion peal! I can only imagine where they got them from. At this time I had a chance to speak with a Spanish speaking guest from Spain who was able to tell me (in great English) that in her experience the guests must BEG the staff for anything that would normally be served as a standard at any other vacation resort! She (along with us) was quite annoyed to say the least.On our third day, we went to see Felix about our Premium suite and he advised that the best he can do is offer us 2 rooms in building 24 but they are far apart. This didn鈥檛 work for us as we didn鈥檛 trust our two children sleeping down the hall on their own. Felix said that he could send the towels, robes and everything offered in those rooms to our room in building 12. Since we were only staying for one week we had no choice but to accept as the last thing I wanted was to spend my entire vacation in the lobby arguing with him. That afternoon we found the towels, robes etc on our bed. The power went out again for half the day and the toilets and water service did not work.  The rain flooded the walk ways and hallway leading to our room. Water was seeping in from under our door from all the water. My wife slipped and fell on the wet stone tiles - it proved to be very slippery when wet. I went to the reception and I spoke to the reception desk. I told him about the water and he said that there is nothing he can do about the flooding. That evening, we all got sick and spent most of the day on the toilets. My 16 year old son was vomiting all night and had fever; my 10 year old son also became very ill with stomach problems.On our fourth day, we had no clean towels, no clean slippers and the mini bar was not stocked (is this the Premium Package)? The power went out again for at least 5 hours. We went to have dinner at 7PM to the only available restaurant. The table cloths were dirty and stained, some of the cutleries had remainders on them from previous meals, and there was no serviette on the tables. In fact there was nothing on the tables except a salt and pepper shaker! We had to get everything from the middle of the restaurant. They had cheap napkins though, it was better than nothing. At this time the only thing that made us feel some comfort was that we were going home soon But, back to reality, we found out that the ONLY FOUR cooked meals were not heated by any means from below (at the buffet tables); which means that within a mere 30 minutes everything became cold. When a pan got empty, nothing was replaced by the kitchen staff because they had no power.By Thursday evening our suite reeked from the stink that the un-sanitized toilet caused. This is TOTALLY ABSURD and very un-healthy situation that we had to clean up and WE HAVE PAID a considerably large amount of money for this which we normally would NOT do even if it were our job - unless we were getting paid a very large amount of money for it. The smell of the toilets was UNBEARABLE!!! How do they expect us to SLEEP in our suite like this???!!! We also earlier found out that the 2 rooms that my friends had in building 23 were given away to someone else? We used those rooms during the day as it was closer to the beach. The supervisor explained that the maids always found the rooms clean so they assumed that they were vacant鈥?here is the best part! They checked my friends out of the hotel! They didn鈥檛 exist in the resort anymore and the only reason we found out was because their family back home called to speak to them and couldn鈥檛 find them.On Friday, my 10 year old son became very ill and needed medical attention which cost me $168 US. We spent the entire day in our dirty room.We asked Felix to arrange a taxi for us to go to the airport earlier and to my surprise they did! We couldn鈥檛 wait to leave as we were all very sick. My son was vomiting in the airport and starting shaking from the lack of hydration in his body. We saved for an entire year for this trip and came back more stressed out than when we left home. I cannot believe we had to experience this as a family vacation.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>moseyposey
<Content>best resort so far This was the best resort we have stayed at. We went to Pearta Plata last time and we thought we had a good time last time, but this was awesome. Next time, we will take our kids. The food was awesome, the weather was perfect, the beach was spetacular, the people were great. Our only complaint were the salesmen on the resort. The Dominican Republic has become very commercialized since we were there two years ago. When we went there before, we bought a 40 oz bottle of rum for $7.00 US, now you have to pay $30.00-$40.00 US, I could go on and on about prices, but you get the point. We had a very relaxing holiday and we would stay at this hotel again  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SenoritaCanada
<Content>The best time of our lives!!       Beautiful sunrise in Punta Cana - Senorita from Canada  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>babzie
<Content>very relaxing I was very impressed with the whole vacation from the very begining. After some of the reviews I read I was a little upset after I booked the vacation. As soon as I left my home everything went smooth, the airport, the transfer to the hotel, the check in, ect..... not one complaint. We did have to wait 1 hour for our room, but were allowed to use the facilites. But that one hour is NOT a complaint. The one thing I was a little schocked about was the 10.00$ tax(entrance fee) to the island. It was no big deal paying it, but I did not know about it. EXPEDIA never mentioned that to me. The food was good. There is enought to pick from if you do not like everything. The Italian was very good. The pools are fabulous. Always clean.  The beach is one of the best I have ever encountered. The water was crystal clear and the sand was soft. The rooms are clean, and plenty of space. The only thing that I could complain about (not a big one) is that the bath rooms need to be updated. They are very clean, fresh towels every day, but some areas of the shower were rusty, and the the tile needed grouting. Now I can live with all of that. To me that is not really a complaint, just a suggestion to fix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The staff were very friendly and helpful. I was very impressed with the security. At night there was security guards walking all over. I was there with my sister and my 2 girls (4 women) so it made me feel very safe to know the security guards were there. I will go back there with my children, they had a blast. I got to relax and read. It is nice that the kids can get there own food and drink. I did not have to wait on them at all!!!!!! I felt safe enough to let them go to the room or other areas by them selves. It is a place I will definetly go back to.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>junno
<Content>Excellant Hotel       The beautiful beach in Punta Cana - Senorita from Canada  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lscilley
<Content>Amazing Vacation!!!!       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Summerside'r
<Content>Great resort       Our room  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	-1	3	3	3	

<Author>brideb
<Content>Nice resort but food not the best       Lobby washroom, very clean too  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	3	5	3	

<Author>jerseygal007
<Content>Excellent!! My family (from NJ) and i have just returned from a week's stay at this beautiful resort! after reading some of the earlier reviews, i was very worried and was hoping for the best. When i got there however, all of my doubts vanished. The place was magnificent! An immediate 5 star resort! BEACH- Fantastic! the best beach i have been to so far ( i have been to many caribbean islands), the water is crystal clear and the white sand is very soft. There were plenty of lounge chairs available (we especially liked the tiki umbrellas) but make sure to reserve an umbrella early, they go quite fast. ACTIVITIES- The beach also had several fun activities to keep the kids busy (kayaking, catamaran, snorkeling -- all for free!) We went kayaking almost every day and the catamaran trips were amazing. Parasailing (highly recommended) was a trip of a lifetime and so much fun. Even though its quite expensive ($45 per person) its well worth it. There were also many other snorkeling, SCUBA diving, or adventure excursions, but we didn't get a chance to try any of these. However, we did go horseback riding which was very fun. They tell you that its about a half an hour drive, but be prepared for about an hour or so journey in a bumpy open safari-type jeep. If you are not that experienced with horses, avoid this trip, as the horses run, trot and gallop along the beach. However, if familiar with horses, this trip is for you! Nothing like a ride along the beautiful beach on a horse. FOOD- I was very worried about the food, as it got so many bad reviews. However, i found that it wasn't half bad. I actually enjoyed several of the many choices available. We found that the oriental a la carte restaurant was the best choice along with the pizzeria. The buffet had several different meal choices, and you can always find something that you like. We didn't try the steak house as we heard it was not that good, but we did go to the italian and the mexican (both alright but not our favorite) TIP- avoid any food products that could have been cleaned with the local water (i.e. lettuce) no one in our party experienced any type of sickness with this knowledge, and therefore made our vacation 1000 x better. Also try to avoid ice cubes, as they could have been made with the local water also. Furthermore, while taking showers, try not to get any of the water in your mouth and use bottled water while brushing your teeth. POOL- pools were lovely, but we found not to spend too much time in them due to the lovely beach. Several activities ( ping pong, volleyball, water polo, bocci ball, soccer, etc) took place along the pool side which were very fun to participate in. They were often competitions, and if you won you received a cirtificate later at the night show. SHOWS- we found the shows to be very entertaining and very fun for the kids! the michael jackson show was a huge hit and we were all impressed with the acts they had! they started out with a kids show around 7 or 8 (often plays which kids could be in or fashion shows) and the other shows started around 9. We found them to be very fun. STAFF- The staff was excellent and are always willing to satisfy your needs! there was never a day where i walked past a staff member without hearing an hola or receiving a smile. Most of them are there all day long and never lose energy. The second day we got there our toliet stopped working, but within 5 minutes a person came to fix it. They are always trying to make your stay even nicer and they sure accomplished it for us! Overall this was a very pleasing hotel with loads of ammenities perfect for kids! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE OTHER REVIEWS. Stop worrying, this place is great!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>7happy7
<Content>Good and Bad Family of 4, 2 boys 11  14 stayed at this property from Mar 22-29. I first want to start by saying I read every review on this AI property from the last 2 years. It is most helpful to get other peoples ideas and suggestions to help you create your own 'perfect' vacation. However what you read and what you experience are by far not the same thing......I'm not going to go on and on like others about all the negatives, but I will point out some! Lets start out by saying I walked in with an open mind....Air Canada Vacations were awesome, no problems from home to the Occidental, we had two rooms and our TA requested side by side we had bldg #10 210/212. Funny thing is from this board I got the impression I should be in bld 26 or 13 3rd floor. But you know in a rain storm 2nd floor was much better for flooding reasons. Building 10 is close to everything except for the beach which is a 5 min walk. So I was pleased with #10I think each traveller must first decide what they want out of there vacation, most my expectations were met. Sure the rooms were a bit dated, but my bed was soooo comfortable and the pillows were fluffy. I shook my housekeepers hand first time we met and everyday left her a little gift tip. Can't say it gave me better service, but established a good relationship with her. Nothing was taken and we had everything we needed.All the property staff were friendly or cordial except for the pool towel lady (she was miserable) after a couple days you would see the same guy/gal at the buffet in the morn and then again at an al la carte in the evening, they worked long hard hours. I tipped usually when they least expected, they were more gratefull and it made me feel good!!!Alot of what you read on the board about the wonderful beaches the food being the same every day, entertainment late and not plentyfull the grounds being emaculate the drinks being so so ,hard to communicate with the staff, going so early for a spot on the beach, bring mugs for drinks etc. I would say yes this is all true, but the food was tasty and if you are nice to the staff they will recipicate 10 fold...a smile goes a long way!Unfortunatley we were there with the 2 days of Terential rains and 12 hour power outages and yes that day was unaceptable, you started to feel unsafe by 8:30 PM when you had no light and the toilets didn't flush etc. My disapointment was that the staff didnt go into emergency mode, people didnt know anything and no anouncments were made, the entertainment crew should of gone to the lobby and started things going to take peoples minds off the problems. Our safest place was in our room with candles. The staff were affected as much as the patrons, you could see they were trying to keep things normal thruout the day!1 week goes fast so you have to make the most of it, we did that, our vacation was filled with some 'iffy' moments and would I go back to this property NO I would not, Punta Cana YES, but first I would check out Jamaica or Cuba....I have been to other Carribean spots and always try to leave in good spirits. I would rate this property a 3 1/2 stars overall I will repeat what another fellow trip advisor traveler said,,,,'If you want the same luxury as home, don't travel!!Overall I would say the Occidental Grand was getting old, we didnt get sick, so I trust the food preperation, the beach front was one of the largest nicest on Bavero beach, the staff worked hard to give you an overall experience from the grounds people-front desk! Ultimatley your vacation is what you make of it, so go enjoy the Sun and sand and don't sweat the small stuff..................  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>caylamarie
<Content>Plumbing Problems Major!!!! Never Going Back               
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	5	3	3	

<Author>Canadian999
<Content>Fantastic Time At The Occidental Grand!       Looking out from the beach buffet restaurant  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>mada132
<Content>Good and Bad Would not recommend for couples.. me and my girl friend just stayed here from the 2nd to the 9th of April..... we started off in one room and it was not what we asked for we got 2 doubles when we wanted a king so then we got moved to are second room and when we got in we found that are AC sounded like a tractor and the fan was about to fall out of the roof it was messed up so bad.. after a few days in the hotel we realized are toilet was leaking and there was not alot of hot water.... anyway thats the room we were in and the repair guy came at 1:00 am to try and fix it and he didn't.. another mistake was we went during holly week you would not believe the amount of little kids there were in the pool ..... there was 2 times when i was on the beach and the staff asked me if i wanted to buy some weed,cocaine,and other drugs.... was not impressed and they keep asking and asking and wont stop ,,, me and my girlfriend found that the service is very very poor if you ask for something you will have to ask again and again and it will take for ever .. such as asking for more towels or a blow dryer .... i also did not enjoy and would not recommend the steak house for the alcart. as for the buffets i did not find them very good it was the same thing over and over each day . kinda got sick of it ...as for the good the only thing i found good was that the weather was amazing and the water was like bath water the beach was amazing and the pool was huge i loved the pool...not much more i can say except i got very annoyed with the people bugging you to do there excursions,, we got stopped 3 time trying to get out of the lobby one guy right after the other and even when you are on the beach guys come up to you all the time asking to buy or do w/e with them... and do not go where there is not alot of people met a guy and he got jumped :(.. also would not recommend if you dont want your kids to see nude girls .. everyday there was topless girls on the beach don't no if you want your kids to see it or not cant really stop them thow.. over all my experience was not the best and would not recommend but make your own choices..enjoyAdam  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	1	4	4	4	1	4	

<Author>newmarkettraveller
<Content>Great vacation, a few problems at the hotel. TAKE CANDLES!!! This is a beautiful spot, the beach is spectacular, you can walk for miles and the resort itself is very large and very nicely kept. The pools are clean, restuarants and rooms clean enough. We found the check in quick, although the room was not ready when we arrived. We had requested 2 adjoining rooms, only to be told we were not even on the same floor, but after a bit of insistence we at least got side by side rooms. The transat rep was very helpful although very busy and you had to wait to talk to her. The worst part of the vacation was the lack of power one entire day (8:30 am til 8:30 pm) which meant no water, and no toilets....I have to say the staff at the restaurants did their best during this time. There was still cold drinks (nothing slushy though) but ice cubes for other drinks. Take candles, the day we left the power was out again while we were packing up at 6:30 in the morning, no one around to hand out candles at that time.Lots of food, some of it kind of weird, but if you can't find something to eat here you have a problem. The breakfasts were great, with the omelet and crepe station. There are 4 a la carte restaurants, all good, but the Oriental was our least favourite. The brazilian grill was the best. The most frustrating part was having to get up and reserve seats by the pool or on the beach (especially if you wanted shade) but I guess this is common at all resorts. And I thought the entertainment got started too late in the evening. Other than that I would go back!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>playababe
<Content>Worst vacation ever - Caribbean traveler from Wisconsin For the last 15 years I've vacationed in Cancun at first, followed by Playa del Carmen, MX. Because Mexico has become so expensive, we decided to try Punta Cana from March 23-30, 2007. I agree with the previous comments about how bad it was. The weather can't be helped, but during the 7 days we had frequent downpours and the hotel is laid out with no connecting buildings, so you have to run through mid-calf deep puddles to get to the restaurants, bars, lobby, etc. We had a 12 hour power outage the beginning of the week, which meant no water or toilets and their sewage system leaves a lot to be desired even on a good day. It also affected meals. There were power outages almost every day, sometimes during the night and the rude front desk staff attributed it to maintenance and kept giving false information about when there would be power. Many of the rooms, even the 1st floor, were flooded. With all inclusive I'm accustomed to poolside and beach service, but there was none. You had to take care of yourself. The pool wasn't the usual aqua blue that I was used to either, so I didn't go in. The beach towel area didn't open till 8 am, but there were always towels on the lounges by 6 am, even though we were told we had to turn them in every night by 6 pm. There was also no room service, which we've always had before. Our room towels were collected at times in the am and we were left with no towels until late afternoon. One writer said the hotel caters to Europeans and I couldn't agree more. The color of your wristband seemed to designate your service, which was horrible. We only found 1 waiter in the buffet and maybe 2 bartenders who were fun and pleasant. We had other people tell us the same thing we felt - that the staff seems miserable and it's very apparent. These people are nothing like the people in Playa del Carmen. We were NEVER treated like we were here. We went FunJet, as always and our local Rep got our return flight info the next day and never let us know what time our pick up was to go back to the airport. First time for that too. We've always been warned about the time share people everywhere and have always avoided them. However, this hotel is loaded with them everywhere you walk on the main grounds. If you join the Royal Club you get preferential treatment with probably all of the things that were missing in our all inclusive vacation. We've never been exposed to distinctions and exlusions like this before and have heard that it may be a thing with the Occidental hotel chain. I hope we never encounter anything like this again.My advice is to spend your vacation dollars in Mexico, not in the Dominican Republic. They've got a long way to go before they even begin to compare - if ever. I'm quite sure from everything I heard that the entire country has electrical and plumbing problems. Aside from making the best of things on our own, this trip was a big waste of money. I will go back to spending my money and tipping people who deserve it in Playa del Carmen from now on.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>TorontoCanadaChica
<Content>Some disappointments We arrived on Monday March 26 to torrential rain. The first room was flooded. Dragged our luggage thru ankle deep water back to lobby as we were left by the boy with the golf cart. 2nd room was ground floor again, ac did not and faced a depressing building with kitchen smells. Also heard the guy either above or next (bldg 13) supposed to be the new section...vomitting and cursing like he was standing in our bathroom. Again we were told no 2nd floor rooms all week. We went to guest services and she got us into a lovely 2nd floor room in the same bldg. again voices and crying fighting heard thru the vent. Could hear the bed squeak upstairs too. Good thing those people moved out and then we had a decent stay. The power was out off and on and then plumbing did not work so no showering or flushing toilet. Every single day of the week! and more than once during the day and night! The rooms were very clean and the public washrooms in the lobby very clean too. Bar service was good if you tipped well and most of the staff happy. The front desk left a lot to be desired tho! There were a lot of complaints of leaks in rooms too. Unfortunately we cannot change the rain but some people had 10 cups catching drips in their room. It was disappointing to spend 3 days off and on of our vacation in the lobby trying to change rooms. They kept telling us to come back in an hr. or two or tomorrow rather than getting something immediately. Some rooms they tried to show us the maid opened the door to find startled people in the room in bed! I was in the room one time and the maid just barged in without a knock. I was shocked so you must turn the extra lock if in your room. The a la cartes ...Italian good, Mexican not too, and you have to get up at 7 to be in a line up to make reservations, if you're luck...or you have to keep coming back as you can only make them the morning of the night. They are trying to sell time shares here so we believe that is why the hotel is not up to standards as far as repairs, probably will do cash calls for repairs from the time sharers. The best part was the amazing beach. We did have some windy days where we stayed by the pool and some rain...but didn't really affect laying around on the beach. But definitely a shortage of cabanas for shade and chairs. You either had to get up at 5 am and put your towels on chairs, or you didn't get a chair! Not fair. I even heard complaints from the Royal Club which apparently is $35 more pp. We took lots of t-s and hats and gave them out to the staff that cleaned the pool or grounds and things for the bar tenders and maid. Anything is so greatly appreciated by staff. All in all, we would not go back to this hotel. The Bavaro Beach is defintely a yes just not this hotel. Not a 4* maybe a 3*.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>islandlexie
<Content>Dissapointing...definately not four star!!! We just returned from a one week stay at the Occidental Grand Flamenco. And let me say, had we known we would have booked elsewhere, definately not a four star resort.We flew Air Transat and had a premium package. Upon arrival check-in was a breeze, definately would reccomend the premium package if you can get it, since we had our own check in desk. Felix was helpful for checkin, and we were assigned our room of 24230. Once we reached our room, a good trek from the lobby, we were very disspointed in what we saw, very outdated, weird smell, and the bathroom was rusty in spots. We proceeded then to request another room and were given 24103, worse still so went back to the better of the two. Still not what I would call anywhere near a four star, maybe a three on a good day. The beach was beautiful and the water was great. The challenge came with getting a beach chair, after waking up the first morning at 7am and seeing 90% of the chairs with towels on them, we became just another person in the chair races. Don't count on sleeping in at all if you want any chance of getting a good chair, it seemed to get worse as the week progressed, on the last day we were at the beach laying claim at 5:45am, and believe it or not half the chairs were already taken.The food was ok, at best. All the a la carte restaurants had mediocreservice and food quality that bordered on the same. Water pressure was somewhat of a luxury, as was water temperature. Beware, two days there was absolutely no hot water that would even come out of the tap, just gargled and spat gross smelling muddy substance out. All I can say is good luck to whoever goes there, if you go there expecting a two to three star you will enjoy your experience. Just don't go there expecting anymore, or you'll be seriously dissapointed.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>drea21
<Content>Had a Great Trip!!       Just got my hair done and thought this would be a cool pic  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nukke
<Content>never again we stayed here from 03/24/07 to 03/31/07 this was our third year coming to punta cana, it is a beautiful beach. last year our son got married in punta cana with 29 people with us not one problem. this year was terrible, first night we woke to blue sparks coming from the lamp on the wall. second day our room flooded what a mess and a pain trying to get another room and to unpack all over. third day power was out for more than 12 hours with no running water no bathrooms to use not good the power was off about 50 % of the week our phone was not working. we are normally not complainers on holidays and read the reviews and think how could people not enjoy themselves well now we know, we made the best of it for the rest of our holiday but it is alot of money just to make the best  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DragaMoreta
<Content>Five Fantastic Nights in Punta Cana My husband and I just spent 5 great nights at the Occidental Grand Flamenco All-Inclusive Resort. From the moment we arrived, we fell in love with the resort, its accomodating staff and great food. It was our first time doing an all-inclusive and we were a bit apprehensive about the quality we'd receive, based on reviews we read previously online.We were pleasantly surprised to find out that what we read was for the most part, incorrect. Our room was very clean and typically-appointed for a beachside resort. The cleaning women made sure we had fresh towels, a clean floor, made beds, a well-stocked fridge with beer, soda, and water each day. I highly recommend leaving $5 a day for the women; they work hard and do an excellent job of keeping the room tidy and adequately stocked of necessities.The grounds were immaculate. It didn't matter the time of day, there were grounds crews cleaning, mopping, painting, etc. I was ashamed to see that many of the tourists would leave their cigarette butts and/or empty drink cups on the well-manicured grass instead of dropping the items into the numerous and well-placed garbage cans. The groundspeople worked hard to clean these items up as soon as they would see them.As for food, seeing as it is a beachside resort, was more copius than I could have imagined. We ate mostly at the beachside restaurant, the main restaurant (International Buffet), and at several of the a la carte establishments. The International Buffet, the main restaurant if you don't sign up for one of the a la carte restuarants (you sign up each morning for that evening's dinner), has an excellent and diverse array of European, Carribbean and American fare. They don't offer the same dishes twice in a week, which means you could eat only off the buffet and never eat the same meal. The offerings are fresh and of high quality. A one night offering may include roast chickens being carved per guest, grilled mahi mahi (also known as dorado or dolphin fish), steak, and another fish being served off the grill, tons of fresh and sauteed vegetables and salads, two dessert stations, one soft serve ice cream station, and a crepe station. There was a pasta station with several sauces as well. The amounts you could eat depended upon your appetite. As you finished a course and went back for more, the servers would clear your plates, replenish your drinks, etc. At no time do you feel as if the quality of service or food is less than excellent.The a la carte restaurants offer great cuisine as well, thought I would have to say that the Italian restaurant had excellent antipasti and desserts, but the main courses lacked flavor. The beach itself was amazing. We preferred to spend the majority of our time on the beach, where the breeze off the water, mixing with the lull of the waves and shining sun made it truly paradise. If you're into activities, there are numerous and varied free activities offered on site as well as off site. You can even take a daily 30-minute Basic Spanish class! We don't have kids, but the kids we saw seemed to love the daily kids-only activities offered.I am no expert, but I have travelled extensively through Europe, Canada, Mexico, and the U.S. and also worked in high-class restaurants for ten years. I would highly recommend this resort to anyone who has never been out of the U.S., would like to eat well and enjoy the scenery, and may be apprehensive to speak another language. Although some Spanish would be helpful, the main staff speak English and provide service with a smile. I highly recommend geeting people with at least Hola (Hi) and saying por favor (please) and gracias (thank you) to show you have respect of the culture. It really makes a difference.I also recommend buying any cigars or jewelry on site at the hotel's stores. The staff are friendly, knowledgeable and will work with you to get you the best deal. We checked out the proces we paid versus the prices at the airport and we saved a bundle.-If you do go, please stop in to the jeweler's next to the Cigar shop and say hello to Glen. He's a big Mets fan and is extremely helpful in finding the perfect gift for yourself or someone else.Lastly, go with an open mind. Like anything else, it is up to you as the traveller to determine what kind of trip you will have. Be flexible, open to going with the flow and you should have a great time.PS: Don't forget lots of sunscreen-the sun can be brutal on skin! :-)  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bagbag
<Content>Amazing resort!!!       grounds  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ddo55
<Content>Disappointed We have just returned from a week at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana.Like many we met at the resort, we chose this resort based on consistent positive reviews 鈥?not euphoric or raving but described as stable and reliable. Our experience did not match those reviews.To ensure that we are being fair in our review, I wish to point out that it rained heavily for several days with high winds on another two days. Also, my husband came down with a raging respiratory infection that required medical attention and several days鈥?bed rest.I鈥檓 sure that if the weather had been fine and my husband鈥檚 health was not compromised, we may have been willing to overlook some of theproblems we experienced. Regardless, the weather and health problems aside, the resort did not live up to expectations.The most annoying problem was loss of hydro on two separate days for the whole of each day and two additional part days. This problem was caused not by weather but by a planned equipment upgrade that did notprogress according to plan. (The wisdom of an equipment upgrade at peak season is open to question.) One may assume that hydro is not so important when you are spending all day on the beach; however, a loss of hydro also means navigating in the dark; sitting in a crowdedrestaurant without lights or air conditioning, the heat intensified by the candles used to provide light. A loss of hydro also means no running water, which means no showers (in that heat, without air conditioning, and the pools murky because the pumps aren鈥檛 working) and no flushing toilets. Food, served buffet style, was cold without warming lamps and trays to warm the food as it came off of the gas grills and ovens. Choosing food was done with the aid of a flashlight. Equipment malfunctions do happen, but having only one generator for a resort of this size exposed guests to unnecessary discomfort when the equipment problem involved the hydro supply and that single generator. The repeated and prolonged hydro loss was also annoying as well as the failure of hotel staff to inform guests of the plans or problems.Aside from the hydro problem, we found the resort to be shabby. The hotel has been rated at four and a half stars, but we would rate it at 3.5. The common areas and rooms were clean, but attention is needed 鈥渂elow the surface.鈥?The toilet in our room broke down on three successive days. The bathtub failed to drain due to inadequate drain cleaning. Light fixtures were broken and balcony railings needed repair. Seating in the dining room is in desperate need of replacement: benches are so worn as to render it impossible to sit comfortably at many tables. The air conditioning was noisy enough to disrupt sleep. (Given my husband鈥檚 illness and the fact that I came home with a cold, I also question the status of the filters in the air conditioning system.) The ceiling fan also 鈥渃licked鈥?to distraction.The food was of mediocre quality. There was plenty of fruit, some creative endeavours with salads, and reliable desserts. Aside from that, we found the meat overcooked; the fish dry; the vegetables watery, limp, and tasteless; and the remaining dishes bland or cafeteria quality. We were unable to finish our dinner in the Italian restaurant, the pesto sauce being inedible. In addition, availability of food notably suffered by the Friday of our stay with many alternatives not being offered.Housekeeping and grounds staff were friendly and seemed to work hard.Restaurant, bar, and lobby staff (with the exception of one energeticbarman at the pool bar) were lukewarm, at best. Each contact with this staff (and we tried to keep that contact to an absolute minimum)left us feeling that we had imposed and were being unreasonable. Mostdinners, my coffee 鈥?offered and accepted 鈥?would never arrive. Requests for room repairs or assistance were forgotten or dismissed, without any sense of understanding that hotel staff are there to provide service to guests. Inattention extended to room booking: one night, we were surprised by a couple, newly arrived, entering our room. Inquiry next morning revealed that the hotel computer system failed to show our room as booked.Finally, we found the resort ill-equipped to deal with a 鈥渇ull house.鈥?We gave up with our attempts to book dinners at the restaurants 鈥?a venture that required daily line-ups before 8:00 a.m.just to secure a place in line in order to hope to make a reservation. (Reservations were only one day at a time.) Securing a chair on the beach with some possibility of shade at some point during the day necessitated being on the beach by 6:00 a.m. Even dining in the buffet restaurant required being quick to arrive just before advertised opening hours in order to be able to sit (comfortably) at a table. Towels were in short supply, so housekeeping would take the towels in the morning, send them off to be laundered, and then replace them late in the day.We will not return to the Occidental Grand Punta Cana, and based on conversations with other guests, we assume that many others, also disappointed, will not return either. On the positive side, we can report that Bavaro beach is as beautiful and as wonderful as the literature suggests with miles of uninterrupted shoreline for walking. However, unless willing to walk the beach at dawn, be prepared for pedestrian traffic that equals that on a downtown Toronto street. We also wish to praise the physician who attended to my husband. Employed by a company that services the resorts, the physician was compassionate, thorough, and attentive. With three visits over three days and arranging for extended hotel services to support my husband鈥檚 needs, the physician was able to get my husband on his way home already on the mend.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	1	

<Author>camabs
<Content>Fantastic Beach We were a group of six spending 14 days at this resort. March 15-March 29. The beach, pools and food were superb; however, the resort suffers from some maintenance and management problems. During our stay we had our door keys programmed no less than twenty times, quite an inconvenience, especially when you are on the third floor. This is a big resort, so it is not just a hop, skip and a jump back to the lobby. Lots of people were without air conditioning during this two week period, including one couple in our group. There were plenty of promises to fix this problem, but with no results. We were booked premium club, which is definately overrated for the extra money. You receive fruit on a stick and lime water every morning at the beach, housecoat and slippers in your room, never cold enough to use this. You also get a separate check in, which is a joke, didn't save anytime. Of all the staff members, only one stuck out, Felix, who is worth his weight in gold. He appeard to be one of a few that actually enjoyed their job. Being premium club also gets you a small section at the beach; however, if you are not an early riser, 6:00am or earlier, you are not going to secure a spot in this premium club area, or anywhere else for that matter.The second week had several inconveniences, two days of torrential rains, where there was flooding in all the buildings, some rooms had two to three inches of rain in them, soaking beds, clothes, etc. They were very slow to clean up after the rain. One couple that we met had no bed to sleep on for one night as it was totally drenched. They made several attempts to secure a dry bed, but were unsuccessfull until the next day. There was also a full day of power outage, which meant there was no water to flush the toilets.The a la carte restaurants were ok, with the Mexican being the best. I found that the buffet was your best bet, lots of choices. The beach bar was very good; however, there are only three stalls in the washrooms, not adequate for the number of guests.The rooms were large, clean and comfortable; however, the bathroom was really dated and in need of refurbishing. There was no water pressure the whole two weeks on the third floor; however, the first floor had plenty.Overall, we did not let the inconveniences ruin our vacation; however, I would not return to this resort, but I would definately return to this area and stay at another resort on this beach, as the beach is fantastic.I would rate this hotel no more than a 3 star and not pay any more than 1,000 per week to stay here. This resort requires lots of improvements to bring it up to a 4 star rating.Dartmouth, Nova Scotia  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>playaguy
<Content>Terrible 04/03/07We stayed at the Occidental 03/23/07 to 03/30/07 and had a miserable time. The resort itself looks beautiful, however most of the staff is very rude. Especially the bartenders,when you order a drink they give the impression that you are bothering them. On most days or nights the power would go off,not really bad in the daytime but at night it was ridiculous. One day and night the electric was off for more than 12 hours straight. And if the power goes out none of the plumbing works at all. That includes all running water and the toilets do not function either. We have stayed many times in Mexico at all inclusive resorts and have been pampered at each Resort. There is no pampering at this hotel. No poolside service-no room service etc. The grounds are not laid out very well either,and are poorly organized. When it rained a lot of the first floor rooms flooded,and they had to shut down part of the buffet area because of sever roof leaks. The food however was pretty good. We will never stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Spanky01973
<Content>Worst vacation of my life... Dont stay here!!! I could go on for pages but lets just say that the people that work at this hotel no nothing of customer service. We had no power or running water for 50% of our trip and they lied to us the first night and said it was the entire island then at 8pm when we could see the other hotels had light they had other stories. Funny thing is the guest service woman said they had to be plugged in (who had the big plug ha-ha) When we did have water the water was ice cold to cold. When we asked to have it fixed they came said they fixed it but it wasn't. The hotel had salesmen every place to try and get you to take a welcome tour and buy time share very annoying. If you get a special package deal you have to fight for everything on it. If it says you get something you have to ask for it first. The hotel staff is rude when you go to the front desk or bar to ask something they finish talking to co workers and make you wait. Our roof leaked when it rained and about the best thing i can say is that the room was very clean as are the grounds. I have never in my life had an experience like this and will tell anyone who asks NEVER say here. If you want more information just ask.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	5	2	-1	2	

<Author>Paula1985
<Content>Awesome vacation - would definitely stay at this resort again!               More photos  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>magmam
<Content>Nice time but would not go back First I would like to state that I had a good vacation. For the price the Occidental was ok. Our group consisted of 4 women who annually take a break from the husbands and kids to spend a girls week on the beach. We are not that interested in activities all we really want to do is eat,drink and plop on the beach! We were able to do all three! This is our third year coming to the DR and on previous trips we had stayed at a different location. We decided to try a different place but we will not return here. It was not as horrible as some reviews I read and if I did not have another hotel to compare it to I might think it was good but I did have some issues...My biggest problems with the place concerned water pressure and airconditioning. We were in building 23. We were on the 3rd floor. There is no water pressure on the 3rd floor of building 23 between the hours of 5 and 7pm. I guess it is too many people using the showers after the beach but I would like to take a comfortable shower after I come off the beach. I do not consider that a luxury item. I never had a hot or even very warm shower. Cool showers were simply a trickle of water and to rinse shampoo I would push to all cold,stick my head under and hope for the best. There were times when the water just stopped coming out of the shower...speaking with other guests this seemed like a common problem. Speaking of third floor rooms...I do not mind climbing steps but have to say that by the end of the day I was tired of having to walk up 3 flights of steps over and over to get to my room. There is no elevator-shame on me for not checking in to that-the other resort I stayed at in the DR had elevators. Our airconditioning did not work very well in one room. The other was great. {guess which one I was in?] Luckily the ceiling fan helped so we could sleep at night. This was reported several times to the front desk beginning on Sun pm and no one came to look at it until Fri pm-it never worked although the repairman told us it was fixed. We left singles, candy,cosmetics, perfumes etc every day in our rooms for the maids[she gave us a bunch of coffee when we left! LOL!]. Rooms were always cleaned but little things were not done...ashtrays on balcony not emptied, toilet tissue roll almost empty yet no extra roll left. No boxes of tissue in the room. Lightbulb burnt out on balcony took 4 days to replace. I thought the food was as good as any other place I have stayed on the DR . Italian restaurant the best-Mexican ok and steak house more like a Brazilian rodizio. Bar drinks rated an ok...Miami Vice was the best Iced drink. I am very thankful that I go with some early risers as it was necessary to hit the beach by 6am if you hoped to score one of the huts on the beach. I do not bake on the beach I want shade but we were setting cell phone alarms for 5:30am to get the huts-to me that is crazy on vacation. The resort uses the beach for day activities and built a wooden platform for arobics,games etc. Perhaps they could move some activities off the beach to allow for more huts. One annoying thing..beach-pool towels are only available on the beach on the far side of the property-there should be a more central location near the many pool areas.Bottom line is: We had a good vacation- the shower and airconditioning were big negatives[thought is was odd they didn't address this since they were trying to hawk this place for time shares!]. The Occidental needs some updating in the rooms...we had peeling paint in the tub the other room had rust on the outside of the tub. Just looked very worn. Room was kept clean-no smell no bugs. Food was pretty good for all inclusive drinks were ok. Beach was nice, need more huts for sun protection. Staff not friendly yet not unfriendly...I would not go here again instead I would return to the Iberostar.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>CharlesMoncton
<Content>Not a bad spot       This is the life, eh boys?  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	2	4	1	

<Author>NonnieFreeportIL
<Content>Would not go back We stayed at the resort from March 3 - March 10. We booked through Apple Vacations on line. The Apple rep left us a message to meet with him the following evening around 5:30. He did not give us much information regarding the resort and was only interested in selling us tours. We did book the Safari tour and it was great. However, we wish he would have given us more information on the hotel and suggested things to try in the hotel. We found out later in the week he had been fired.The resort looked very clean and a wonderful setting - however---problems from the minute we arrived. We were to have 2 beds in our room. The front desk advised was a king bed. We stated we needed 2 beds. He assured us would be taken care of. When we got our room which took a couple of hours after we arrived in the afternoon, it had a king bed. My roommate and I stated we needed 2 beds. After another hour or so they finally located a room with 2 beds and moved us. Our first afternoon at the resort was wasted. The water and plumbing problems happened everyday. It is very unsanitary for that many people in such a large resort to be using toilets that cannot be flushed. I felt very sorry for the workers as they had to haul water out of the swimming pool to flush the toilets in the public restrooms every day. The toilets in your room just had to wait until they got water pressure back so was very disgusting as this happened everyday. Another day we lost electric for about a half hour which we could live with. A day later our AirConditioning went out. We called the front desk and they advised would be taken care or right away. Later we went up to the desk as it still had not been fixed. The next morning we had to go back to the front desk again regarding the air condidtioning still not working. 24 Hours later I demanded to speak with a supervisor/manager and they finally fixed the airconditioning.One night when it rained our roof leaked onto my roommates bed.Our maid service however was great. The young lady that took care of our room was very good when it came to cleaning and keeping us stocked with drinks and towels.The beach is very beautiful but you have to get up in the middle of the night in order to get spots close to the beach and with the thatch umbrella. I am talking about before 6 AM even though they say no one can put out towels to hold seats until 6:45 AM.Another problem with the beach is the public restroom at it. In the women's restroom there was only 3 toilets. This beach is the main attraction and this is definitely not enough toilets. Also every day they had the flushing problem so was even worse. The food was ok and was quite interesting. We did eat at 3 of the specialty restarants - and the food was presented very well. However there was alot of the food I was afraid to try as I wasnt quite sure what was in it or had items in it I would not try. We did enjoy the buffets. Even if you did not like something, there was plenty to eat.The entertainment was a joke. The website we reviewed stated professional entertainment every night. This is not true. It was resort staff most of the time with audience participation. Also it was close to 10 PM everynight before this even began. We only stayed one night for the entertainment.We received a letter in our room during the week asking for 50 people to move to another hotel as they had overbooked and needed rooms for people coming in. They did offer a 7 night stay in any of the Occidental hotels but after this experience, we did not take the offer.When we did speak to another Apple representative later in the week, she seemed surprised that there was water problems. I don't know how she could have missed it as she told us she lives right at this resort. She was also the one to tell us our original rep wa fired.When we returned to the airport to fly home, they changed the weight limit on baggage. So instead of being able to check the 2 bags like we did when we came, we had to check only 1 bag apiece and carry on the other bag along witih our carry-on bag. We brought this up with the Apple Rep in the airport and he just shrugged. Then to top if all off, when we got back to Chicago, my roommates back didnt make it. Seemed Apple forgot to tell us they pulled 9 bags off the baggage on the plane due to being overweight. Fortunately, she did get her bag - 3 days later.Beware of this hotel - Looks are very deceiving - hotel looks very nice and clean but has alot of sanitary issues. I would rate this hotel a 2 star at the most. I would not go back there. For the large amount of money that was paid for this trip - we certainly did not get our money's worth.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>coreymbest
<Content>Don't Believe Everything You Read-- It's AMAZING       Sunrise  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Packertravelers
<Content>Uneven for an Occidental "Grand" We just returned from a week long vacation at the Occidental Grand Flamenco (a key word- see below to know why) and had a pretty good time, but the experience was not NEARLY as good as the one we had at an Occidental in Mexico. We had two rooms booked for ouselves and three kids ages 8-12. On arrival we were upgraded to a two bedroom suite. Not bad, but the upkeep needs work. There was a hole in the sliding glass door that was 1inch by 6 inches, air conditioner dripped condensation on the floors, and no weather stripping (the cause of the break undoubtedly) in most of the sliding glass doors, causing them to rattle alarmingly (this is plate glass, not safety glass- if it broke you could be badly hurt). I wedged them with wads of paper to keep them secure and informed the desk- who did nothing about any of these things the whole week. The beach is beautiful beyond compare, but prepare for the 400 meter relay race for chairs in the shade- there are none after 7:00 am. I don't know why but seemingly people stake out the chairs (possibly after bars close) so you've got to really hustle to get one if you are a melanin challenged northerner who can't take a lot of sun. People just leave their stuff there unoccupied - sometimes almost all day. Pool by the beach is losing stucco- needs work. Food was also uneven. The Oriental and Mexican are great, the buffet and Italian are ok , and the Grill was awful-hockey puck meat! The Pizza is terrific- woodburning pizza oven- the best. When we arrived my husband met somone from an Apple tour who said 40 of 80 on their tour got the dominican trots so we avoided fresh fruit and vegetables. We did ok, and lots of others seemed to eat it- so I don't know- I'd still bring the antidiarrheal stuff. There are mosquito's- bring bug spray. Activities are a bit limited and there isn't a lot of staff to guest ratio, so they do their best. Went on two trips Catalina Island and Altos de Chavon- both spectacular- but we only got 20 minutes at Altos de chavon and the River boat got stuck and we had to climb off. Horseback ride on the beach is amazing! My husband went on afree shopping bus trip to a nearly empty mall and got stuck because he didn't use Flamenco as the name and went to Allegro- a twelve dollar cab ride back the turned to 15 after his return. All in all we had a good enough time, but I didn't feel it was on a par with other hotels in the chain.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>wreynolds1595
<Content>keep looking for another resort This was our second and last time at this resort. 4 yrs ago it was great but not now. We have gone to punta 4 time and there are much better resorts for americans to go to. This one only caters to europeans for the most part.Room was nice but they have major major plumbing problems and may take a day for them to come to you.But dont worry they have a drain right next to the toliet.Speacialty rest were good but the buffet was absolutely terrible except for breakfast.The pool was the best part and Alfredo the bartender was great guy but he was a minority as far as being friendly to Americans.They tag you with a braclet so they know where and what tour group you are with.If you need to get on internet the guy posts he will open at 9 but exspect 11We booked thru apple and only saw our rep 2 times in a weekThis resort was great 4 yrs ago but has gone down the toliet,oh wait the toliets dont flush well. Even the big ones in the lobby were backed up all the time. Oh yea if you like entertainment forget it here. The DJ at the pool was great. He had 5 CD's of which 3 were all rap but he only liked 4 songs . One day he played the same song for 3 hrs straight True story.Well folks do yourself a favor and keep looking and spend a little more money for a much better trip Go somewhere else as far as resort planning  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>WisconsinGunner
<Content>Loved the view/hated the cramps We stayed at the Occidental March 10-17th. We were not very happy at check in as the locks wouldn't open our door and when security let us in the inside knob feel completely off. At the front desk they didn't understand why we didn't like our room and ignored our requests for help for about an hour when we got a technician to put in new door knob for our room which sometimes worked and sometimes not. The room was clean and cleaned very well but the water was slow sometimes in the morning. Our whole party of 4 got sick as well as many other people staying at the resort we traveled with and spoke to. The smell of sewage was around the swim up bar and show area. We were unable to get in the specialty resturants they said they were booked up but when going up and checking them out many had several seats available but they still would not let us in.The beach was beautiful and very clean, we always found chairs. They pools looked pretty and the water nice and cool and clean. They took great care in maintaining the grounds.Overall we had a relaxing time but would not go back to this resort.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>busterbutler
<Content>Gorgeous and CLEAN resort After staying at the Occidental Grand in Punta Cana for March Break this year I do not understand how anyone can write a poor review about this resort. You could eat off of the grounds of this resort it is so clean. I was truly impressed with this. The food is second to none, it was fantastic. As others have said the buffet is the best. you will leave addicted to fresh crepes. We were also in the Mexican and Grill restaurants, both wonderful. Didn't see a lot of the entertainment because it doesn't start until 1000pm (a little late for us), but did catch the Michael Jackson show that is put on every Monday night. You have to try to see this show, you will swear the real Michael is on stage. Great performance.The staff were all so friendly and accomodating. It was a just a wonderful, overall vacation. Thanks to VACATIONS to GO who we booked thru and the people at the Occidental Grand.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Ladyjo
<Content>Just Breathless Amazing Vacation in Punta Cana ! HOLA !!!We booked with Air Canada Vacations and again had a excellent service. We were there for the first time at the Occidental Hotel in Punta Cana .... we stayed at the Royal Club and the service was just amazing.. room service for breakfast, lunch or dinner or just eat at the wonderful romatic dining room facing the ocean view. The staff members always smiling and very friendly. Very clean rooms and the view was breathless.The air canada vacation representative named Katherine was very professional, very friendly and enthusiasm and charming. Always smiling and helpful during our vacation. Thank you Katherine for your time and help !!!! We really appreciated your time you gave us.We recommend everyone this wonderful resort for the choices of food and services we had from the all the staff members to make this wonderful fantastic vacation.Thank you AIR CANADA VACATION for a dream come true vacation... !!!!!!!!Adios amigos and see you soon again.. Jo  M  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>AD802
<Content>Take the good with the bad... I read the reviews...the good and the bad. All are true depending on what you're looking for and how strong your stomach is. This is where our one major problem came in. Some travel agents call it overindulgence, others name palm oil and other foreign cooking oils as the culprit. I don't know for sure. The food is plentiful, with a great variety (stick to the buffet next to the lobby). The fried foods I avoided like the plague after a sleepless night of intestinal problems on the second night. If you have a tough stomach, no worries. However hearing others along the beach, poolside and on the plane home talking about being sick most of the time...we were not alone. Unfortunately whatever we had, stayed with us for the week. But we got smart, stayed away from the fried stuff and anything else possibly cooked in the oils and we got through the week with only gurgles and grumbles which we learned to deal with. If you're not expecting North American food standards, you won't be horribly disappointed. But pack the Immodium!!! If you have a positive attitude as we did, you can still have a great time. The resort is SPOTLESS. The beach...perfect place for a romantic night under the stars. Pools are clean and beautiful. Grounds are swept all day. Service is friendly (friendlier with a tip to the maid service that will pop in a few beers and some extra towels if you leave a couple bucks ;o)). Drink up, relax, and focus on the goods. Afterall...you're on vacation.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Naerae
<Content>Choose another resort The pros: the beach and ocean are beautiful. The grounds were quite lovely. The rooms aren't bad--and we really found the bed comfortable. There are plenty of pools. And since we went to relax and lay on the beach and just chill out, it was a nice vacation. However, this resort is really only average. By NO means a 3+ star resort. The cons: the food was very mediocre. The drinks, although plentiful are also mediocre at best. For non beer drinkers, there were sad choices considering they don't use real fruit juice--which was strange. They ration towels. You never knew from one day to the next how many fresh towels you would get...and regardless of the daily tip I left for the maid, we never received a wash cloth again after the second day. The worst part, was the never knowing when we would have running water in the room. There were times there was not enough water to flush the toilet. And for quite a few hours every morning and evening, there would not be enough water to make the shower run. So, be careful making reservations at the specialty restaurants, becuase you very well may not be able to shower in enough time to make them. I would avoid wasting money at this resport's spa. My husband had the weakest deep tissue massage possible, and I paid for an 80 minute massage where I was left laying in the room alone for about 20 of those minutes. It is a major rip off. The scuba diving was only average and we were not crazy about the dive operation. It was on par with the rest of the resort--pretty average. And unless you like to be severely reprimanded publicly, never confess to keeping your pool towels over night. The woman who works the pool towel hut, we lovingly dubbed her the towel tyrant, is adamant about towels being returned by 6 pm EVERY night. Otherwise you get a good public tongue lashing and raging bad attitude. Overall, if you go in with low expectations and just want a nice beach for a reasonable price, it is fine. However, as much as we loved the beach and would probably go back to Punta Cana again, we will NOT stay at this resort.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>Wilfredo-Montreal
<Content>7 days at occidental were at the Occidental Grand Flamenco from March 5 to March 12 (2007) (2 adults, 2 teen.). Did read many reviews (good and bad ) on this hotel before booking and after 1 week over there, I can say that the trip advisor reviews give a very good idea to what to expect. heres a summary of our stay over there (edificio 12)- Site: very nice, clean, clean  nice pools, very nice beach. If you arrive at the beach after 11:00 am, there is good chance that there will be no more chair available. To get a parasol, some people told me that they get up at 6:30 to be able to get one!! So you can guest that I never had a parasol. (get up at 6 AM while you are on vacation: not for me) . Like other reviews mention, each day we were aggress by salesmen trying to sell Allegro vacation packages... Very annoying and they are relentless... Have very good services at the different bars, drinks were ok (cocoloco, tiki-tiki, rhum, presidente...)Too much North american music not enough local music. The night shows were sometimes fun , sometimes borring (50/50)-Rooms: clean, beds need to be change soon, can`t lock patio door + it was very difficult to open/close it, water infiltration (directly on the beds in both rooms during a heavy rain at night (wednesday ) (did heard others people also complaining ( was mentionned in others reviews)), noisy A-C in both rooms(have to shut it off before going to bed), no problem to have hot water . Only one night we didn`t have water for few hours (8 to 11 pm) but it was everywhere.- Food: the buffet was not great, was not bad, just ok . Compare to a 4 * in Cuba, the food (quality, variety)was better in Cuba. We did experience some very good service, and also very very bad ones (twice) . We were able to book at two A la Carte restaurants: Mexican and the Grill. Both we did have a very good services and it was good (. We really enjoy the grill ( chicken, pork, beef,filet mignon cut at your table): was very good. Try the wine once and I stick to the Presidente for the rest of the week. Didn`t have to use Immodium, pepto bismol....:nobody got sick -Excursion: we did the Marinarium (swimming with sharks) Leave the hotel at 12:30, arrive one hour later at the Marinarium : were not advise about that travelling time. $78.00 us for the afternoon :snorkeling, swim with sharks, rhum ,beer+, cheap sandwich, meringue ... on the boat. Was expecting a little bit more for the price.On saturday , they left a note in our rooms, saying that they have overbook the hotel for the sunday and they ask for volunteer to be relocate to another resort. For compensation, they offer a 7 days stay at the Occidental in Punta Cana to be taken in the next year: we didn`t volunteer.In summary we enjoyed our vacation, have good times with the family but probably won`t return to this hotel since there is so many others hotels to try  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>MinnesotaBeachlover
<Content>Occidental Flamenco Better than Expected We were a little worried by all the reviews we read but things turned out better than we anticipated. The Ocean is as beautiful as every one will tell you. Food was very plentiful and always found very good variety we never went away hungry! The pastry chef has to be one of the best in the Dominican! The rooms are average but the maid service was excellent we always left at least a two dollar tip and she always left us a snack on our pillow at night not to mention she would turn down our bed and leave clean beach towels. I advise you to bring an insulated mug for drinks this helps keep beverages cold and sand out.( they use cheap plastic 12 oz cups) We have visited the Dominican four times and stayed at differant resorts this one is one of the better ones.(remember you are in the caribbean not New York) it is a little musty smelling but nothing you can't live with,after all your not in the room that much and you are in the tropics. We will definately go back next year maybe even a few days longer. Satified with our choice!!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mike_em1
<Content>Great Time At The Occidental!       The Beach!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Firsttimesouth
<Content>Shabby sheik On the surface the resort looked great and staff seemed really freindly. Then reality set in. Upon arrival and receiving a room key, we couldn't unlock our own door. 5 trips to the front desk (3-4 minute trip each way) and 8 hours later, we could finally access our room. Many maintenance issues as staff was repeatedly coming to our room for maintenance on the air conditioner, telephone, curtain rod. I believe they were at our door 5 times and not at our request. We both got sick as did many people that we talked to. Not sure with what as I still am not better. The scenery was great and the hotel itself is beautiful if you don't look to close. All in all, we had an okay time. Wouldn't go back to this resort and wouldn't reccomend it either.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>jadadog
<Content>Fantastic Beach... Disappointing Resort Family of 4 stayed at the Occidental Grand March 3 - 10 (two rooms). The beach is Fantastic, the grounds and outside maintenance superb. The weather could not have been better.The disappointment comes with the loss of plumbing (no water) for a 30 - 60 min everyday, the flooding of the swimup bar, which put it out of commission for 3 days, and the nightly entertainment, which was more an audience activity.The staff was excellent, especially in regards to the water problem. They were hauling water by buckets full to fill the toilet tanks in the lobby facilities, but kept a smile on their faces and a friendly hola in passing.Will I return to Punta Cana... definately. Will I stay at another resort... probably.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Vinasworld
<Content>Very Relaxing........... My girlfriends and I stayed at the Occiental Grand for five days. It was really nice, the food was good but there was no night life. This is some where you should bring your mate. We had a good time but five girls and no parites, we got bored. All the staff was great, especially Felix. Remember good tips are important for better service.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nedsplace
<Content>Delightful stay and superb hotel Delightful stay and superb hotelWe stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco, Punta Cana from 19th February 2007 till 6th March 2007.Me, my girlfriend, and her three kids aged 17, 15 and 11 all stayed there. We had been to the sister hotel in Puerto Plata in 2006 which was superb, and were not disappointed by this hotel either!The facilities are great, the staff are very helpful and the beach is superb. There is a wide and superb selection of food and the all inclusive package leaves you wanting for nothing. The entire place is spotlessly clean and the rooms, although a bit dated are adequate for most. We did move room to have two rooms next to one another and to move from an irritating pumping/motor noise but that was no problem really.It is quite a big site and it does take a while to find your way around and where to get your towels, where to get a coffee or ice cream but you soon get your bearings.We did the Kontiki boat trip, including snorkelling which was excellent fun, even though I worried that is was some sort of booze cruise it turned out to be excellent family fun. We also did the 鈥渂ecome a cowboy鈥?horse riding along the beach. Again a superb trip.The kids did the banana boat bits etc on the beach and had their hair braded. We did parasailing which was excellent, all of these are sold from the beach which is pure white powder sand and crystal blue sea. Our main problem was trying to get a shade/umbrella at the beach, the mid day heat is fierce and without shade is too hot for us pale face Brits. You can usually get a shade by the upper pool which is fine so we split our days in two, morning at the beach and after lunch by the pool.We did find the British in the minority at the hotel, which seemed to be full of US and Canadians, but they were all really friendly, it does make winning the Miss Flamenco competition a little tricky when its all based on an audience vote though !! The girls made some friends and no doubt letters and emails will flow across the Atlantic as a result.Overall I have to say the hotel and holiday was superb quality and excellent value.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>a_jdelia
<Content>Had a nice time, but wouldn't go again This was our first vacation in 15 years, and though it definitely wasn't an above average resort, we did enjoy our stay. The rooms were outdated but clean. The air conditioning and water worked, and the bed was very confortable. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful, and the site is clean and well kept. (The staff can always be seen attending to its upkeep, we were impressedand humbled by the diligent and hardworking staff) The beach was lovely and the weather was phenomenal. The buffet was average/good, yet had much variety. Unfortunately, the 脿 la carte restaurants left alot to be desired. Especially the italian. The Spanish grill was a pleasant surprise as most of the people that had went there before us, complained of overcooked meat and poor service. We were there on Valentine's Evening, and the service was quick (probably because it was 9pm) and the food were the best that we had tasted, - the filet mignon was cooked perfectly. The Mexican was fine, and the service we received there was wonderful...Great staff... One major problem with this hotel was the salesmen trying to sell vacation packages... Very annoying and they are relentless... On a better note, we went on an excursion to eat lobster(really huge langoustine), speed boat picks up on beach, 7 min ride to drop you off at this quaint resto - for 50US$... it was out of this world, great service, plenty to eat (my husband had langoustine  shrimp plate - it was huge......and well presented) drinks, salade, dessert, HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYONE... Though we probably wouldn't return to this particular resort, it was good value for the money....  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Hewy
<Content>Hummmmmm??       Royal Club pool  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>Bishcups
<Content>Occidental Grand Flamenco is a great resort We were aprehensive about the the bad reviews that have been posted, and were very pleasantly surprised once we got there as we loved the place. (I note with interest that most of the negative reviews came from Americans and the English - are Canadians just more forgiving, or less tight...ed?)So, don't be concerned by what others say - it really is a nice place.The weather didn't cooperate, though (rained 2 days, 2 days of sun, rest very overcast). Hot and still enjoyable, though.Day trip to marine park interesting but overpriced in comparison to other similar trips we've taken in Mexico. Ask what food you'll get before you book - we got stale bread, thinkly sliced meat and cheese, and ketchup or mustard as a condiment. We built our own sandwich - not very appetizing.Beach is second to none - worth going just to see it. Staff is great - English speaking staff never a problem - they always were very accomodating and respectful and despite being booked to the rafters, they always responded to our requests (slow but sure, sometimes needing prompting but they were busy).Take american one dollar bills (we took $50 and tipped our maid $2 each day, and other workers like the bartenders, serving staff etc. throughout the trip.) Our room (building 10) was clean, everything worked, and our maid took good care of us, stocking our fridge, etc.I got the trots (my hubby was okay) - invest in some antibiotics (specifically ciprofloxine) to take in case you get this. I suffered needlessly for several days.Pool and grounds are nice, and always clean.I heard Transat Premium clients complaining about their buildings being run down and not having evryhting working, poor beds etc. OUr building was far away from the ocean, but still nice.Food is excellent - buffet always was good, especially at breakfast..Drinks are NOT watered down and they will make whatever way you want it.All in all - highly recommend the resort and the town (but if you want to use the Internet, go to the town. It is only 10 minutes by foot, and the cost is $3 per 30 minutes whereas at the hotel they charge you $7 for 30 min.)  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>mrbiter
<Content>loved the resort We arrived at the occidental grand and were very impressed from the start. i had read some negative reviews on this website and were a bit nervous but we have no idea what they were complaining about. The resort was great, the room large, the air conditioning leaked a bit ,however we ran it 24/7 so no problem. The food in the buffet resturant was very good with a wide and changing varity ( however the selection on the caribbean night friday is not for the weak stomach). We tried 2 of the specialty resturants and recommend the mexician one over the italian however both were good.The beach and pool were great ( one beach bar 2 pool bars) but get your chairs early as they do run out even though we have had this problem all over the caribbean. Drinks were good ( not watered down) however you do get variations of the same drink depending upon the bartender. the only problem with the hotel was that the kids show (8:00) was pretty poor and there is a long wait till the adult show began at 10:00 and the entertainment was better at the occidental allegero. Other than that we would definatly go back to the occidental grand punta cana again and would recommend it to anyone.Ron F.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>martilam
<Content>Nice Place! Nice beach! We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana for 7 days and got back March 4, 2007. We were a little afraid of what we would find at this hotel, because of all the comments we read on this website. We have been really satisfied about the site in general and found it really nice. Yes this is not brand new but the place is neat and clean and that's what was important for us. The employees were smiley and nice with tourists, except for some of them (like everywhere...). The beach is fantastic, a lot of space, palm trees, but not enough parasols. I guess people reserve the chairs under parasols the nignt before... You can walk miles and miles on the beach. We sometimes smelt a bad odour around the hotel (seemed like sewer...). The night shows were distracting but not more. The buffet was... a buffet, comes back to the same day after day. The beach buffet was different and better for lunch. For the specialties restaurant, you have to try the tuna at the oriental... mmm...really good! The italian and mexican were OK. We did not try the grill. The service is really fast in those restaurant, too fast. Also, do not expect good wine. You would have to pay 30$ US to get a bottle that is in the average. The pools are impressive... large and long but no place to dive. For the room, we had one in the back of the building #10 and we were happy because the rooms facing the pool are much more noisy, especially at night. We did an excursion to Saona island and we were dispointed about it. We were told of it as a paradise island but that was not really different from the beach in Punta Cana. Also, don't go if you are not comfortable on a boat, I have been sick because of the catamaran... And we had to do 90 minutes in a bus to come back after the excursion...In conclusion, we would recommend this hotel without a doubt.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunshine47-7
<Content>Absoulutely Fantastic Wow, what more can I say. Our stay was the best. We booked the Premium Club package and received that and more. The rooms were wonderful and cozy. The beds were very comfortable and the bath robs and slippers made you feel like you didn't leave home. The beach and the water were to die for!!! The most beautiful that I have seen so far in all my years of traveling. The food was soooo good!!! Even the pickiest eater would find something to eat. No one got sick from our group and the only word of advise is to drink lots of WATER!!! Your body needs to re-hydrate after all the sun and drinks!!! If you drink your water you will not have a problem.The night shows, well there are some very good ones ie. Michael Jackson, The Magic Show and then some ok ones. But that is to be expected.The people are fantastic and will help anyway that they can. Yes, there are those that are trying to sell you vacation property, but be persistent and say NO THANK YOU and they do leave you alone.I went with my teens and they had a great time, lots for them to do and they said the nightclub was a blast!!Would I go back --- absolutely 100%, I plan to go back with my husband in October and will be staying at the Occidental again.If anyone has any further questions please feel free to get in touch with me at szpulak@sympatico.ca.I'm sorry that I had to come home as it truly was a great trip. Don't always believe what you read, I almost did and am glad that I went with an open mind. If at all possible ask for the Premium Package as the other rooms do need a bit of renovating and they are slowly getting there. All in all go and have funCheers!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Harminnie
<Content>Fabulous Stay Our 10 days was great. We've travelled a lot around the the world and this ranks right up there. The beach was beautiful, the help was friendly-not a lot of English but not a problem (Europeans frequent the island more than Americans), we loved the buffet-nice assortment that changed daily with a different protein as well. We tried a few of the restaurants but enjoyed the casual atmosphere of the buffet so frequented that the most. Our room in bldg 13 overlooking the ocean on the beach was very nice and well maintained. We did one trip to the capital via the hotel-a long and interesting day-nicely planned and executed. No kids or grandkids this trip so we enjoyed just staying close to the resort and not doing a whole lot of planned activities-just a lot of RR. There was a nice mix of families and couples of all ages-we fall in the senior age bracket. Loved it.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>beachloverLI
<Content>Loved my vacation! I must say I went with a little dout because of some of the reviews I read, so when I arrived I was looking for things to happen. To my delight everything went very well. Of coures there were things I could have picked on, but nothing is going to be 100% perfect. The hotel is beautiful, clean, the grounds are large and very well keeped. Lot's of pools, food everywhere, lots of it and really very good. They gave out bottled water everywhere, the hotel room was always stocked. You can get drinks, morning, noon and night. Yes, it helps if you speak spanish, we don't but we got by. The people that worked for the hotel were so nice, friendly  tryed very hard to pleae you. And, what I wanted most was the beach, all I can say is THE BEACHES ARE OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! Beautiful water,  sand. We had such a nice relaxing and beautiful vacation. I can't wait to go back again..  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>betterthansnow
<Content>have been there with large group three times i read some of your february review and had to respond to the person(s) there on the 17th...this year we had eleven people in our group, staying in buildings 12 and 13. last year we were an even dozen and spread out among a couple of buildings. my wife and i were in building 26 the two previous years...we have never seen bugs anywhere and compared to jamaica and mexico...this is quite amazing. the place is cleaned from rooms to the beach...we always tip the fellow picking up the bags from the receptacles on the beach...it is about the cleanest resort we have ever seen. so they apparently don't like Presidente beer either...i've never seen that complaint before and read all the reviews on every site possible...over-booking is another matter...it happens in many popular resorts...like the porto real hotel in playa del carmen and by mid-february, the masses are descending on the caribbbean...it happens regarding our own airlines as well. for the price the grand punta cana is a darn good deal...and one of the most beautiful beaches you can find.mike from woodbury, minnesota  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MPennygirl
<Content>My January Holiday of 2007 5 girls from Canada went there in January of 2007.On the way to the hotel I thought I was going to die by the way they drove.Scary. They did not stop at stop signs or anything but whatever we made it alive.When we arrived we were greeted with a glass of wine which was fantastic after a long flight from CanadaThey did not accommodate my requests for our rooms to be next to each other but oh well....it wasn't the end of the world.The Front desk was very lousy but the service in the restaurants was absolutely amazing.The same goes for our room. Our house keeper took VERY good care of us and everyday there was either some kind of treat in there, extra towels and sometimes even extra beer..........nice.The Beach had to have been the best part and I basically spent my whole week laying there drinking beer out of my thermos that I brought from home. (What a good idea that was because it kept my drink always cold)My daily routine would be to eat breakfast at the buffet and head down to the beach. It didn't matter what time I showed up on the beach either because there was always a place for us to lounge.A photographer also came around daily and that was pretty cool. He was accompanied be either a parrot, a monkey or locals.I did spend a little fortune on pictures but whatever......they are great souvenirs.We did head out to the Disco one night and that was fun....but be careful....the local men are pretty pushy.Drinks are crazy expensive there too!So drink up at the resort before you go :-)I found the Beach Buffet to be the best place to eat.The Pizzeria up by the entertainment was also very good. I did expect the A La Carte restaurants to be much better then they actually were and I did get sick from the food.We made it on one tour also....the Safari one.It was long and so-so......I'm not sure if it was worth my $90.00 US but whatever. I did see things that I would never have seen if I would have stayed at the resort.The shopping plaza was also a nice touch being right across the street.I got very good deals and bought some really nice paintings for cheapie-cheapie :-)Be careful with your US money though. I' am use to my CDN money and I ended up giving a vendor a $100.00 bill instead of a $10.00.  (I was mad when that happened).Oh well though :-)It was my own fault and I 'm sure that guy is still talking about this CDN girl that was not paying attention.Other then that though I had an amazing vacation and I will for sure be going back to Punta Cana again!Here I come Punta Cana February 2008.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	1	4	3	

<Author>juliehri
<Content>Will Never Go Back We arrived at the Occidental after 12 hours of travelling on 1.25.07 to be told the resort was overbooked. We were told we were going to a 5-star resort going back a half hour closer to the airport. The resort was no more then a 2-star and had to stay there for 2 nights. Once we got picked up to go to the Occidental, there was an entire bus load of travelers who also got bumped. Had to wait in line for a long period of time once we arrived to check-in as all 60+ passengers along with other travelers needed to check in too. They tried to bump us once again to another resort, luckily that didnt happen! Did hear other staff members bumping any new travelers who had not been previously bumped. It was awful! Once we finally got a room, which is average, the remainder of the trip was o.k.. There were 7 of us in our party--5 were very sick with stomach aligments. One person had it for 2 weeks after going home and my son who is 3 also had it. What a nightmare!On a positive note, the beach is gorgeous! The resort is nice and enjoyed the pool. The buffet was good for all meals. We did try the Hacienda restaurant which was good.Will never go back to this resort again..be careful when booking, hopefully you wont get bumped once you arrive.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>bols2daWALL
<Content>ditto the following review Just got back.I totally agree with the review following this one . I would like to add though that none of our group of 4 got sick AT ALL , nothing .This is a first for us , and we have travelled quite a bit .I did however take 2 pepto tablets when i got up every morning , and used bottled water only - even to brush the teeth . Don't know if the precautions were necessary or not , but they didn't hurt . My only complaint are the drinks . Most were garbage , made from several slushy machines - add cheap booze and you get - YUCK. I drank rum and coke all week - kinda boring but oh well . I would suggest they allow you to upgrade to a premium liquor package , for a fee of course .  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lauradelphia
<Content>Amazing time at this resort I stayed at the Occidental for 6 days and 5 nights during February with my boyfriend and another couple. Do not fear any of the other reviews. We had a great time. The grounds are extrememly clean and our building was only steps away from the beach. Request building 26, as this one was great. For lunch we usually ate at the beach buffet, which had an assortment of food. I liked the burgers and fruit the most. The bartenders are also friendly and i would reccomend the coco loco drink. Almost everything is made with rum here, so be prepared. They have one type of beer which was very good. As far as dinner, the first night we had difficulty with the reservations so we ate at La taqueria which proved to be one of our favorite meals. La Hacienda was ok, but we like Las Reses, the steakhouse the best. the Oriental was horrible. Don't waste your time. The pizzaria was better. The service in the a la carte restaurants can be slow, especially on drinks.Our room was cleaned well each day. The only issue was one day the towels were forgotten and after calling the front desk several times, we still did not receive towels. I left our maid a note in spanish the next day asking for towels and additional beers in the mini bar and we were pleasantly surprised the next day with plenty of towels and beer for the rest of the stay. the shopping is good. However, be prepared to barter. A good rule is to not pay more than a third of the price they originally tell you. You may feel like you are insulting them, but you are not. There is a nice flea market that is about 30 min walk down the beach. We found better prices here, even though it was a bit far. Overall we had a great stay at the occidental. The accomodations were wonderful. The only negative would be the food. There is always something decent to eat, just don't bring expectations of 4 star dining.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>adasera
<Content>Never did figure out the lighting... We arrived at the Flamenco on the evening of Jan. 25. We were the last of the bus, and last in line. Suddenly, 2 staff members were asking for 5 volunteer couples. It seemed that the hotel was overbooked (not for the first time, either, after reading other reviews). They offered to take us to a 5 star resort for 2 nights and then bring us back. They also offered us 7 nights complimentary stay for a return trip. We liked this deal and took it.When it was time to return to the Flamenco, there was quite a bit of disorganization, but we finally made it back. We wasted an afternoon waiting for the bus and checking in. That doesn't seem like much time, but it is when you only have a week vacation. Anyway, we finally got to our room. It was a large room, very clean and with new beds. We have no complaints about the cleanliness of our room. The only thing we never figured out was how the lighting switches worked - it seemed that turning the lights on and off was different every time. We actually found it quite amusing.Most of the staff was friendly. The only time we encountered problems was at the front desk. We had asked to see a staff member about our compensation letter, and we were kept waiting 20 minutes. Not impressed at all. They still need a lot of learning as far as customer service is considered. The one expception to this, though, was Ruth Ester, the guest services manager. We were very impressed with her customer service skills. She took a lot of questions and concerns and answered them with patience and respect. Her command of languages was awesome; she switched back and forth between Spanish, French and English effortlessly! This young lady should be a excellent customer service rep model to the rest of the staff!Other than that, the beach and ocean were beautiful! You have to make sure, though, if you want a beach chair to be there early in the morning to save a chair, or you're out of luck. The pools were clean and well kept.For the most part, we ate at the buffet. The food was good; they did well keeping it fresh and hot. On our last evening, we thought we had hit the jackpot! As much as you could eat shrimp and lobster. It was excellent! The crepes with fruit were very good as well. We did eat one evening at the Mexican restaurant -- we didn't actually have a reservation, but we happened to be outside the restaurant and decided to see if they'd let us in. They were very accommodating and we had a good meal. The staff was also very helpful and entertaining.The evening entertainment was good as well, especially the Michael Jackson show. It was quite funny, though, when the cast was performing the last number -- lights, fireworks, music etc. and the lights went out in the whole resort! Luckily, there was a full moon and it was quite bright. We think that the power failure is a common occurrence, because the lights were back on in a matter of minutes.So, all in all, we had a nice vacation. We are going back to take advantage of our free 7 nights later this year!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	1	2	3	

<Author>BronxNewJersey
<Content>Watch your bags very closely We booked into this hotel at the suggestion of a friend. My husband had just finished radiation therapy and we just wanted to relax. That we did. The beach is heavenly, we really enjoyed it. The food is okay, the buffet is better than the a la carte restaurants. The vacation sales people were at us all the time until I told them my husband was ill. The room was dated but fine. We tipped the maid with American dollars every day and were told we would get special treatment for this but we didn't. We both got sick. We managed with large doses of Imodium. We enjoyed our stay until our last day when one of our bags was lost between the hotel and the airport. We could get no satisfaction from anyone. The hotel wanted no responsibility for it and the van driver didn't speak English. I've written to the hotel many times asking for reimbursement but to no avail. My husband saw the driver put the bag in the back of the van and then 4 more people joined us and we took off for the airport. At the airport no bag. I lost almost all of my clothing and shoes. Hopefully some poor Dominican is enjoying them.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>mckayj
<Content>Great Experience and would go back in a heart beat! This was my second time staying at this hotel and I would stay again in a heart beat. We were assigned to the 13th residence which is closest to the water (without a view) but far from the main dining hall (nice to avoid the night time noise and traffic). We went to the buffet for breakfast lunch and dinner most of the time. We attempted the steak house one night, were disappointed and went back to the buffet (which we loved). We attempted the pool bar, but again went back to the buffet. The variety of the food was fantastic and we were never diappointed with anything we tried. Service in the dining hall was so-so, but if you sat outside at night, it was wonderful..... it's a smoking section, but we weren't bothered by it. The beer is amazing!!! Always cold. If you are a wine person, you'll likely be disappointed (although we discovered a GEM on our last night there- a FANTATIC wine shop!!!! You take the free bus to the Real Plaza shops and it's located immediately to your right when you enter the outdoor plaza- it's a bar/wine shop). We usually left singles for tips on the dining tables, but likely would save it for bartenders and chambermaids next time, because you never really knew who picked up the tip. The bar late at night can always make change for a 20.Internet is expensive and slow. Bringing your own laptop and using wireless is cheaper- if you need to do work.We experienced loss of power 3 times while we were there. Twice during the day (we were at the beach and didn't care). The third was later at night from 11pm- 1am. Again, we didn't care. There is the occassional sewer smell- it's a waff but never stays. We did not find this bothersome- in fact we giggled about it as it was between the residences of 11 and 12. It never made it to 13. The beach was fantastic. You can sunbathe, swim and hang out all day without being bothered. The security is always present keeping peddlers away from the tourists. A peddler comes through now and again. but brings little attention to themselves.This hotel was spotless. The attendants manicured 24/7 from the beach to the rooms, everything was spotless. We did a couple of excursions, but most of the time spent the day on the beach, happy. A couple of hints: if you do not eat your weight in fruit at home, it is likely not a good idea to start on vacation. My boyfriend fell in love with the fresh fruit and lived to regret the copious amounts he ate in the first 4 days. We made coffee in our room every morning, we used the tap water and did not have a bad experience.....although I don't reccomend it. Bring A LOT of suntan lotion- it's expensive to buy it on the resort.Great time, well worth the money.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>OntarioHighlander
<Content>Fantastic Trip - Relaxing and peaceful My wife and I stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana from the 10th of february till the 17th 2007. It was only a 20 minute drive from the airport. We have both traveled to Mexico and Cuba and thought the Domincian Republic was amazing with regards to the beaches and peaceful atmosphere. The resort was well kept and clean. The rooms are average but large. Remember that you ae not heading to this resort to hang out in the rooms. They are outdated like others have stated, but more then ample to sleeping in. The rooms have TV with lots of movie channels, a safe (with a key you need to pay for $15 US) and hairdryer and iron. We stayed in a standard deluxe room that had two beds jammed together, a celing fan, AC and two comfy chairs. They have a crazy electical system as you need to put you door keycard into a slot on the wall to power the room. Once you pull this card out, all the power is shut off, killing the settings on the tv, clock radio and even the fridge in your room. So we just left one key in the slot at all times and kept the other one to get into the room. Maid service was great, always kept the rooms spotless. We never saw any bugs, the occasional fly and only one mosquito the entire week. The layout of this resort is simple and has maps all throughout the resort to guide you around from the main lobby, the pool, restaurants and beach. Resort is always clean and tidy as they have people working on it always. There is plenty to choose from in regards to food, the main buffet opens at 7am but only stays open till 10am, so if you sleep in, you will be limited to what you get to eat. The main buffet opens again at 1:00pm until roughly 3pm then opens for the evening at 6:30pm till 10pm. There is tons to choose from in the buffet. With regards to the other restuarants, you need to make reservations for them. The only times they have are 6:30pm and 9pm. You have to make these reservations as soon as you get to the hotel or you will probably only get th 9pm time slot. These restaurants include the mexican, oriental, italian and grill. We tried all except the grill and enjoyed the oriental as it was quick and tasty There is a snack bar by the pool that opens at 11am and closes around 4pm. It only serves drinks, fries, burgers, nachos and other fine fast foods. Not the greatest food, but fills the belly. There is also a beach restaurant with a great view of the ocean. Great food with a continential breakfast in the morning. Finally, there is a pizza shop and taco shop that serve food all night from 6:30pm onwards. My wife and I got a hot pizza at midnight after we checked in on the first day. The beach is absolutely beautiful. Clean and soft sand for miles. You can walk way out into the ocean and never step on any except sand. With palm trees on the beach and a cool breeze, you will totally feel relaxed and cool. The pool is fantastic, clean and lots of room to find spots on the chairs. My wife and I always founds spots around the pool and we never left our room till 9am as we slept in. The weather was 30 degrees all week, extremely hot so bring the sunscreen.... There is entertainment each night which wasnt too bad, and every night or so they had singers in the main lobby.. On Friday they allow vendors to come to the resort and sell there items, they will still hassle but not as much. It is good to get all things in one place. THINGS TO BE AWARE OF... Bring lots of sunscreen cause you will go through it and do not buy it at the shop down there, for a small bottle of sunscreen... $20 + US.... crazy. Also if you are going to the markets with vendors, they will be all over you to make a sale. One guide at the hotel stated that whatever price they give you for an item, you should be able to get it for less then half of that if you want to get a deal... Not alot of the people working on the resort speak english, however are very helpful. Bring lots of snacks from home (chips, nuts, chocolate) as it is extremely expensive in the shop at the hotel... Not worth buying anything from it... very expensive. Bring pepto bismo, immodium and any other items you may require as they will rip you off at this store on the resort. If you want to buy cigars, coffee, vanilla etc, you can actually purchase all these items at the airport when you depart. Maybe a buck more here and there, but you dont have to haggle with the vendors on the beach. REVIEW..... we had a fantastic time at this resort, we relaxed and enjoyed ourselves. The reviews on this page helped us plan our trip. We would defintely go again. Furthermore, this resort had tons of families and children. We have a 2 year old daughter that we left at home and we were amazed how many families had small children and babies at the resort. We found this resort nice and relaxing as all children enjoyed thenselves with their families. What more can I say, we loved it.....  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hootman1
<Content>Excellent Resort! Jan 24-31, 2007 We booked this vacation through Itravel2000 at a cost of $1600 per person. This was a Transat Premium package, and we were also lucky to get a free upgrade to Club Class on the flight to the DR. Thanks Evelyn! Man, that is a pretty sweet way to travel. Free drinks, real food, beautiful snacks.Arrival/Check In: With the Premium package, we had a special check-in at the resort. This went very smoothly and we were in our room 23-216 in minutes. We were very impressed by the room but even more impressed by the front desk folks. We were surprised by the ringing phone and when my husband answered it, he was told that my purse was still at the check-in desk. He dashed down to retrieve it and we were relieved to find the passports and cash intact. Now that is honesty!The Room: This room was very large, probably 20鈥?by 30鈥? and had a high cathedral ceiling. The balcony was partially shaded by two palm trees and looked south out over a quiet pool area. With the Premium package, we had fluffy white housecoats and slippers for the week. Every night we had new beach towels left out when they turned down the bed. The air conditioning worked well all week and we had 2 beer and soft drinks in our mini fridge every day (except one). But we left a note for the maid and she left us 4 beer the next day. Overall, a clean, cool and great room! The Resort/Food: There were oodles of staff, keeping the resort manicured daily. Everything was SO clean. The bathrooms were staffed all day long. We tried nearly all the eating establishments and were very satisfied with them all. My personal favourite was the pizza on the terrace, eating under the stars, no reservation required. There are plenty of bars too and no problems at all getting a drink.The Beach: We spent every day on the beach. You could find a lounger on the beach pretty much any time of day, but some of them are saggy, so if you want a nice taut one, you鈥檇 better get out there before 10:00. The sand was absolutely amazing, the texture of whole wheat flour. We walked for miles in each direction and never saw a pebble or a sea shell, just the beautiful white sand. The beach in front of the Occidental was by far the nicest that we saw 鈥?not a bit of seaweed and the water was great for swimming, never too rough. Weather: We had the best weather 鈥?about 30C every day, and nearly no wind. Two nights it rained during the night and it was neat to hear it pounding down on the roof. We didn鈥檛 need sweaters in the evening either, as it remained very warm all the time.Activities/Excursions: We aren鈥檛 big on excursions, as we love to enjoy the sun, sand and ocean. We did, however, go for an afternoon of snorkelling. We booked at the Occidental booth down at the beach and for $25 USD each, we were boated out to the nearby reef, just south of the resort. We saw plenty of colourful fish and thoroughly enjoyed our hour in the water. Our captain, Alex, then took us all the way north to the rusting ship wreck and back. There were lots of laughs when we ran out of gas, just meters away from the resort. We also tried to go parasailing, but after bouncing halfways to Africa in a taxi boat, and not really getting close to the parasailing boat, we asked to be taken back to the resort. That will have to wait until next time! We walked into town (through the front gates and you can鈥檛 miss it) and did most of our shopping there. Check out the Mini-mart for the best coffee price ($3 USD) and Bugatti rum ($13 USD for 1 litre). Overall: This a great resort! We鈥檝e paid way more money for much, much less in the past. The people that complain about this resort must be extremely picky. We鈥檝e been at 3-star and 5-star resorts and this resort is just fine. Don鈥檛 go expecting the Hilton and you will be Happy!!!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Dar'n'Dar
<Content>Hotel Over-Booked - So Never Got to See it!! Jan. 27 - Feb. 3, 2007. We booked the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana, But we never did get to it the entire week!Upon our arrival, When we boarded our shuttle bus at the airport, we found out from our Signature Rep that the Hotel had overbooked, and they were taking us to another hotel in Punta Cana, probably for 3 nites, until the Occidental had room for us.No kidding! We have travelled lots, and this is the 1st time a hotel has bumped us, having no room for us! They took us to the Excellence Punta Cana, an extra 20 minutes north. We had absolutely No Complaints with this substitute, but we did not get what we had booked. There were almost 60 passengers in the same predicatment as we were. How can a hotel overbooked that many?? Some were travelling with friends(who had kids). But they were not taken to the substitute hotel as it was an Adult only resort! My how disturbing that would have been!After Day 3, and 4 holiday-disruptive meetings, we finally found out that we could unpack and stay at the substitute Hotel for the remainder of our stay. Hats off to the Excellence Punta Cana!Thumbs down to the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana.Darlene  Darrin Cruse, Wasaga Beach, Ontario Canada. darlene@wasagahomes.com  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danspa
<Content>liquor is horrible unless you are a black band first i would like to say the hotel itself and the grounds are very nice. The room had lights out in it and there were bugs crawling all over our room.don't bother asking for another room because unless you are a perferred customer you get nothing.I say perferred meaning there are pushy sales people walking the lobby trying to get you to purchase a membership to the occidental hotels. Ignore these people.They segregate there customers.blue band, green band, black band and red bands.they can tell who you are by the band you wear. I didn't care for that at all. There is also a perferred treatment for canadians and euoropean customers. I had to search pretty hard to find some Americans. On a positive note I will say the domicans are trying very hard to be nice so we come back they do realize we are there main contributor of money.and despite the stories you are relatively safe.just stick with the program and don't venture off on your own. I would recommend the hotel if you just wanna sit on the beach for a few days and take a tour or two. One other thing you have to get up at 5 am in the morning and put towels outside on the beach chairs a save them for yourself because if you get up have breakfast and the decide to head down to the beach .you will not get a beach chair. unless you have a black or red band because these people have secluded spots on the beach just feet from you with tons of chairs you are not allowed to use even if they are not being used If you are a big drinker and you bought the all inclusive package cause you want to party don't bother the drinks stink and the beer is the cheapest stuff you can buy and will make you sick. unless you are a black band or red band then you get top shelf liquor.if you want to buy a beer outside the package its 7 dollars for a corona or any domestic beers this is were they get you I hear there are better hotels from the other people we encountered so if you have the money I would go some where else.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>First_Caribean_trip
<Content>Enjoyed our first Carribean vacation My husband and I stayed at the Occidental for two weeks, January 18 to February 1/07. We thoroughly enjoyed our experience and would do it again. I went there with the understanding that this is a third world country with developing infrastucture. People I speak to that were in Punta Cana as recent as nine years ago report constant power outages, few roads etc. There is much development going on and the country is bound to experience growing pains. The activities staff were fabulous and made participating a great deal of fun for those who participated. We found the entertainment delightful. We never saw the same thing twice in two weeks. The food was good and the ala carte restaurants were great. The grounds were kept very clean and the pools (3 of them) were clean and always lots of room. The room and bedding were kept clean. The only complaint I would have was that our particular room which was building 12 room 107 was very noisy at times. WE could hear people clomping up the stairs at all hours and the people in the adjoining room. I don't think all rooms were like this. I understand that some were undergong renovations. My husband and I definitely got a great deal of satisfaction out of giving staff American dollar bills as we could afford them. They really apprecaited it and they could sure use the extra. It was never expected but much appreciated. We also brought along little gifts and left them along with a tip on the pillow every day. WE brought lip gloss, tooth brushes, pencils, felt pen sets, exercise books and practical things for children. We gave to staff our stainless steel mugs we brought for taking drinks to the beach in. They loved them. I think this was a very worthwhile and enjoyable vacation.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sungirl23
<Content>Great Resort My boyfriend and I stayed at this resort in November of 2005. The experience was fantastic. We arrived at night and discovered that I had forgot my booking number at home, so I had no proof that we were to stay at this resort. However the staff gave us a room anyway as long as the next day we got the proof that they needed. I found that the food was fantastic. Neither my boyfriend or I experienced any digestive problems. The only down side was not being able to find non-junk food between meals. Beach was fantastic. Beautiful white sand, clean water and sun was the perfect combination. Never did find the towel cabana, but I brought my own towel so I wouldn't have to go looking. We also never had any problems finding chairs around the pool. My boyfriend was smart and brought his own beer mug, because the glasses that they give you are far too small. It cut down having to go back to the bar to a minimum. The only problem we had was trying to figure out how to work the lights and the A/C. No one on the staff told us. But all it took was a short two minute walk to the front desk to figure it out. Hardly an inconvenience. The nightly entertainment was great, we even got up on stage. All in all we had a great time and would recommend this resort to anyone.One more thing, to the people that complain about people speaking Spanish, I ask you What do you expect? That is their language and how could you expect them to speak anything else?  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>frombc
<Content>going for sun and beach this is the place       Picture Of Resort Lobbby  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>sr701592
<Content>Vacation from Hell Beware! We arrived and there told with 50 others that the hotel had overbooked again. Yes, I said again. I'm a cop and investigated further and found that this is standard practice for this hotel. They regularly over book to send you to another hotel usualy a 3 star in Santo Domingo. This is a 4-5 hr bus ride. I confirmed this practice byspeaking to staff, managment, tour operators and security. Our hotel room on site did not have air conditioning it was recharged 3 times in 4 days and the room was fumigated while we we out. staff did not know what was avalible on site and contantly referred you to excursions for a fee. Did not deliver what was advertised or what was purchased. Managment is not,repeat,not responsive to simple complaints such as can you fix the a/c. staff has poor english skills and is less than motivated. simply bait and switch is the way of business for this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>weeji2551
<Content>Don't believe ALL the bad hype I just got back from a week at the Falmenco. After reading the reviews before I left, I was a little afraid of what I had gotten myself into! The flight there was excellent because the plane was only 2/3 full so there was a lot of room. Once there, check-in took awhile, but nothing major. I booked a room with an ocean view and it was well worth it. Our room was big and comfortable. My only complaint would be that it never really got cool and not much water pressure for showers.I thought the food was good. We had a little difficulty getting into the ala carte restaurants,but we were able to sample the Mexican and the Grille, both very good. The beach is the most beautiful I've been to. The sand is so fine and soft. The water is a beautiful blue. The pools are clean and pretty. We would head to the beach or the pool around 10 each day and chairs were hard, but not impossible to find.If you like fruity, frozen drinks, then you will like the bar service. Those kinds are not my favorite so I had a difficult time finding something I really liked to drink. The insulated cups are a good idea. When I would get a soda, the ice would last for about 6 hours: in a plastic cup, about 15 minutes!From the other reviews, I read that you need bug spray(I didn't but my Hub did - I guess if you are suceptible to bites here, you should take spray),and Imodium(we both needed it).It was a nice, calm, relaxing vacation for us and that's exactly what we wanted. I will definitely go again someday, but I would choose a 5 star hotel next time. Not that the Occidental was bad, just that I would like to go a step better.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tradzman
<Content>The beach is amazing but .... I'll start from the beginning, first day got room in building 12, dropped off stuff and down to the beach. Beach is awesome , the nicest beach I've been to yet. Back to room, we find that the power is off. Oh well, took a nap. Wake up couple of hours later, power is still off and it's dark. I had to go to the front desk and get another room as it seems our building is the only one without power. I got another room and was told that it was only for the night. No help to move our stuff. Get new room, toilet constantly runs. Oh well at least it has power. Stuck it out in that room. Maid was a guy and did an ok job of cleaning the room but was always late in the day. Forgot to leave towels one day. Don't use the glasses in the room unless they're wrapped in plastic - the maid washes them in the sink. Use the bottled water to brush your teeth and rinse off the tooth brush too.Food - very good. Never had a problem finding something to eat. Don't eat the mayo - it never gets refrigerated and will give you the trots. Three out of the four of us got sick from the food. It looks better going in than when it comes out. I had to get a shot so I would get better. The doctor is great. (he's also very busy ). Get travel insurance if you're going here. You will need the medical.Nothing ever seems to get fixed when there is a problem here. The same problems I read about here are still happening. Power failure, annoying ,pushy condo sales people. Bad service.No change for large bills. People getting sick.Overall very disappointing and not worth the money. The beach is a 10 but the resort is a 3.Good luck if you decide to go to this one. I'll stick to Cuba.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>weatherbie1
<Content>Great time! We stayed for the week of Jan 29th - Feb. 5th. Not thinking that it would be very busy because we went on an off week, we were surprised to see that it was rammed with people. The place was amazing, especially the beach. For those people that say it's not nice and they had bad service, they are talking crazy. It is actually almost impossible for the service here to be bad. I went to relax with my girlfriend to dip my feet into the nightlife and it was fantastic for that. The staff/service was that of a king. Get used of the language barrier and don鈥檛 get frustrated because they feel just as frustrated as you do, that they don鈥檛 understand you. Most of the staff could speak and understand English, Spanish and French. The energy the staff possessed was spectacular. Remember people, they usually work 14 hour days and we talked to some staff and they said that some of them worked 22 days straight. They have more energy and enthusiasm than I could ever have. They are funny and are always willing to help. There are people that demand things from them instead of asking nicely. I talked to many other tourists down their and they all seemed very upset at the way that some people treat the staff. It was the best trip that I have every taken and I will definitely be returning. The only thing that was a bad about it was the bargaining when buying items. The only reason I didn鈥檛 like it was because I always lost money (I am not a bargainer at all!) A tip for that would be to go to the shops that are on the resort and check their items out first, that way you don鈥檛 pay a huge amount for something that is worth a lot less when buying it on the beach. Definitely the best! Also, we did 2 of the excursions. The horseback riding was amazing, although a bit painful it was definitely worth it. We went for the 2 hour package and they took us to a resort that was half built and then abandoned. We actually walked the horses through the front lobby of the resort as well as through the water. We also did a snorkeling tour, where we swam with nurse sharks and sting rays and other tropical fish. The boat after was a great party. The staff danced and we drank COCO LOCO, and listened to the music. We also stopped and got out in shallow water where the staff served us never ending amounts of drinks on floating bar trays. It was 80 bucks and was my favorite excursion. Also if you are going down make sure that you watch the Michael Jackson Show on Monday nights. We missed it because we arrived after the show on Monday and left before the show the following Monday, but it was praised by everyone we talked to, that it was the best show they had!!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adrad
<Content>Nice stay Me and my wife just returned from our 2 weeks stay at Occidental Grand.Our stay there was from January 20 to February 3.The hotel grounds are beautiful, rooms are clean and service was very good. The beach is excellent, white sand, the water in the ocean was initially pretty rough, but got calmer later on. Apparently, it's normal for this time of the year. The food was good, lots of choices in the buffet restaurant.We visited couple A la Carte restaurants, the best were Italian and Oriental.The service staff is very friendly and helpful. Our special thanks to service manager, Jorge Puente, who was a huge help when we had problem with hot water in our room, and because hotel was full, he helped us to get room at Royal Club.  We are also very grateful to Francisco and Robert at Royal Club restaurant for the attention and good service.In general, we had a very relaxing time at Occidental and will definitely return in the future.We were lucky with the weather too, 2 straight weeks of sunshine!!Alex R., Toronto, Canada  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dotthehotshot
<Content>go with the flow 8 of us arrived jan 25th and hotel was overbooked,we stayed at the Bavaro palace for 2 nights on their tab and we got a 7 days all inclusive certificate to go back next year for our troubles-no big deal, we got to stay at 2 places.when we arrived back to the occ grande it was a zoo to get checked in.The front reception needs work for checking in.The hotel itself is beautiful and the beach is heaven!!!The staff are nice especially willian the bartender, if you geta bad belly go see him and he will make you a drink to cureit. We all got a little sick, a lot of people said it was bad foodat this resort but I don't think so as one in our group was sick at the bavaro .lots to chose from at the buffet to eat,we did not go to theale cartes as we were busy running around and it was busy to book except for the 9pm setting but I did not want to eat that late .Do book the fun buggy tour on line before going, it was the highlite of our vacation.we also did a snorkeling and swim with nurse sharks andstingrays with marinarium and had a blast!!!just go and enjoy!!!!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Giving
<Content>Mamajuana is the drink of the Dominican       The Beach  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>brooklyn11222
<Content>Absoultely Horrible  My family  I booked this trip in Oct. 2006. We were all excited to go, especially my 4 yr. old. When we arrived we had to wait 2 hrs before checking in. When we finally did the fiasco began.....THEY OVERBOOKED  BUMPED US....WE HAD NO ROOMS!!! So, them being so slick tried to send us off to Santo Domingo for free! Who knows what kind of a hall in the wall would of send us to. Plus, they lied saying its a 2 hrs drive, meanwhile its 4 hrs! I refused especially w/ a child who gets car sick  we were up since 4 am to arrive to this hotel  relax  did not! I told them I would sleep in the lobby w/ my family until they found us a room! I could not believe on how many other people this has happened to that same day! Just aweful! Finally they said they would get us into another hotel nearby. I assured them that it better not be more than a 10 min. drive. So finally we were on our way. We went to the Iberostar Bavaro 5* hotel. We were suppose to be there for 3 days  then return to the Occidental, i fought that we would not go back since they gave me such a bad taste in my mouth  being so rude! After my 3 days at the Iberostar Bavaro I was able to continue my week vacation there. We were never so happy...beautiful place  everyone on the staff just so pleasant  nice to you. We will definately go back to the Iberostar Bavaro. Then the Occidental tried to make us sign some papers if we would come back within a year for free w/ some black out dates. I asked what if I come back next year this same week, am I going to get bumped again? They had no answer, we did not sign! So, be very careful w/ this place Occidental. They are a bunch of crooks  very nasty. The looby was a nightmare w/ people running all over the place not knowing what was going on!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>saintkColdLake
<Content>Got what expected and more! My husband and I were at the occidental from Jan 25th-Feb 1st, and we really enjoyed it. This was our fourth vacation to the Caribbean in resorts that rated 3 陆 to 5 stars. We paid $1046CAN per person for flights, transfers, hotel, taxes and tourist cards. We did not go with Ritz-Carlton expectations, and were pleasantly surprised with what we got. CHECK-IN /ROOMS: We arrived at the hotel around 6:30pm.and were close to last in line at check out and were served refreshments while waiting. We had booked a deluxe room, but were fortunate to be upgraded for free to a grand deluxe room. I think they had overbooked the deluxe rooms so we got bumped up鈥攕ometimes being last in line isn鈥檛 such a bad thing! Our room was on the third floor in bldg 26 right beside the beach, with a partial view of the ocean. Just from looking around I鈥檓 sure our bldg was one of the ones renovated. We had key cards unlike others that had regular keys; new bed linens; very comfortable pillow top mattresses; bathroom had new faucet and tub fixtures (though tub did look a bit old) and a real good hairdryer. There was always lots of hot water and good pressure anytime of day. Our room came with coffee maker, complimentary bathrobes and slippers, rum, wine, fruit platter, beach towel service, and turn down service with Kit-Kat bars on the pillows (about 3x/week). We paid $15us/wk for a keyed lock on our in room safe. The maid kept our room nice and clean and well stocked with towels, coffee and water. There were some small fruit-flies around, but it鈥檚 the tropics鈥攜ou have to expect that. Our only problem was the a/c did not work. After numerous attempts to get it fixed, we finally gave up and made the best of it. Our ceiling fan kept our room bearable. No musty smell in our room but I brought along a glade plug-in, air freshener (no bathroom fan), and a scented candle (great to have when power goes out鈥攈appened twice to us). SERVICE: We thought was really good. Never had to wait long at the bars. Occasionally, a drink order was forgotten or took a bit of time at the buffet, but hey they are only human too鈥攁nd considering how many people they have to cater to, it鈥檚 forgivable. Most staff spoke English, except the maids. I just brought along a Spanish dictionary along and gave it my best try鈥攏o problems.BEACH was amazing. Sometimes it was hard to find chairs later in the morning, but if you are persistent you will find some鈥攚e always did. When I really needed to cool off, I just headed to the shaded whirlpool with book and drink in hand. Last two days we were there, they shut down the swim up bar due to water leaking into it鈥攏ot sure when it will be fixed.RESTAURANTS: we never left hungry and loved the air conditioned buffet the best. The food was good in the a la cartes as well as the buffets, but we loved the variety of the buffet. The Taqueria stand was excellent鈥攂est tacos ever (open 7pm -10pm). You can always find soft serve ice cream through out the day at the buffet, beach buffet, and Home Rum.EXCURSIONS: We went on the Marinarium snorkel trip ($64US pp) and swam with nurse sharks, sting rays and marlins 鈥搇oved it. Also went on the Macao Crazy wheels ATV tour ($56US pp). They take you to a beach for a quick swim, and an orchard where they grow coffee and cocoa beans, plantains and grapefruit. You can buy fresh ground cocoa, coffee, mamajuana (Dominican Viagra) and vanilla here. Then one last stop at a little shop that sells souvenirs like they do in town 鈥?only not as pushy here, and nice to deal with.SHOPPING: Probably the lowest point of our trip. Vendors very pushy, and you feel like they are always trying to take advantage of you. The resort lets vendors in one evening a week if you don鈥檛 want to venture out. Try and get as close to 25% of their asking price. You can shop 15 min down the beach (face ocean head right), or at the Plaza Barvaro (head right past the resort entrance gates). There is a small supermarket there, but were surprised you have to haggle there as well. Their prices are listed in pesos. BUYER BEWARE: I bought a 1L bottle of Cibao vanilla in the plaza supermarket for $4us, only to realize later that it doesn鈥檛 even smell or taste like vanilla. Bought a 250ml bottle of Caribena vanilla from resort vendor (much better). I hear the vanilla they sell on the safari/atv tours is good too. My husband had an allergic reaction to something around his eyes. We managed to find a Farmacia and the 鈥減harmacist鈥?sold him some drops to put in his eyes four times a day. They stung his eyes badly. The next day with the help of my dictionary, we realized he sold us ear drops and not eye drops!!! Thank God he didn鈥檛 damage his eyes. The final straw for my husband was when he lost his lighter in the ocean and had to buy one for $3US in the gift shop. We just stayed on the resort after all that.I鈥檓 giving our stay at this resort 4 陆 out of 5. If the air conditioning would have worked, would have giving it a 5. Try and get the best room possible, I think that really helped make our stay enjoyable. Its your vacation so make the best of it!One last tip: avoid the people in the Allegro vacation club shirts. They tended to hang around the theatre area during the day. Just smile, say no thank you and keep on walking when they offer you a free gift. Thanks to all the previous reviews who warned us about them!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Cdnangel_27
<Content>Had A great Time At The Occidental!!!       Steakhouse  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juliaplynn
<Content>Totally Mixed Feelings We got a week's stay here for a total bargain with Thomson (booked three days in advance through Going Places) and we enjoyed our holiday save for the fact that we all came back with salmonella. That misfortune aside, I would advise you to consider carefully whether to book this hotel, and perhaps it does depend on how much you are paying. If you are paying the full brochure price, I would suggest looking elsewhere - perhaps next door at the Grand Palladium which, according to the Thomson Rep, is consistently the Brits' favourite along this coastline.THE ROOMThe rooms, as reported in other reviews, are decidedly 2 or 3 star. They are very old and decrepid, and if you are looking for luxury/romance, this is not the best place to stay. We had what was effectively a twin room for two adults and a child. Not ideal, particularly in the heat, and with air con which isn't very effective. All the fititngs are very old and not very clean. Storage is at a premium. Take coathangers for any items with hanging loops, or for children's clothes. Take a travel kettle if you like tea and coffee in the room. Take toiletries - the ones provided are not very nice. Our air conditioning leaked and the hotel's solution was to put a dirty towel on the floor. Not what you expect of a hotel with four or five stars (depending on where you look). The towels provided (one medium-sized and one tiny) have seen better days. If you are fussy, take your own.If travelling with children, try to establish the sleeping arrangements. We would have been better requesting a kingsize bed, and a camp bed for our daughter. Also although there were three of us only two of everything was provided - two chairs, two towels, two glasses - if this is also a problem for you raise it with the hotel as soon as you arrive as it takes some time for them to sort things out !Our room was overlooking the large pool and was extremely noisy with noise from the pool during the day which we didn't mind, and noise from the theatre at night, which was a bit tiresome. If you want peace and quiet, ask for one of the quieter blocks.THE FOODThe food is OK. Nothing special, but OK if you are only there for a week. If you are there longer I suggest you book some a la cartes. Service in the restaurants (for drinks) is slow. Unfortunately we all got salmonella from the buffet food, and the family we met out there also suffered from food poisoning of some sort, so bear this in mind. Do take ample Immodium.THE HOTELThe reception area is lovely, and so are the pools. However, the larger pool is dominated by groups of noisy Americans, so if you are looking for peace and quiet, this may not be the place for you.STAFFWe found the staff varied tremendously, from being very polite and smiley to being downright rude. I guess it's the luck of the draw! However, I did witness some extremely rude behaviour by guests as well, so the staff can hardly be blamed for retaliating !KIDSCLUBMy daughter age 7 loved the kidsclub, she went for a couple of hours each day. The lady running the club, Leany, is lovely and friendly, and I felt happy to leave my daughter with her.BEACHCrowded, but beautiful sand, and a lovely breeze.SPAThe spa staff are a bit surly, and I would not recommend using the hair salon as it is not clean, and the hairdressers are miserable. However, the ladies at the spa by the pool are very nice and the massage was worth the $30 for 25 minutes.AIRPORTDon't forget your $10 entry tax and $20 departure tax, in cash. Airport staff are very aggressive. I don't think they would let you out without paying it ! Don't leave your souvenir shopping until you get to the airport - there is very little there.IN SUMMARYI think for this hotel it definitely depends on how much you are paying. We got a bargain, and it was fine for a last minute trip to the sun. However I would seriously think twice if you are planning this destination for a wedding, honeymoon, or romantic trip. It has a holiday camp atmosphere, the rooms are dire, and the rest is about average.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	1	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Benac
<Content>Excellent Resort! Would go back for sure! What can I say? For my first trip down south, I couldn't have been more impressed with the Occidental Grand Flamenco. Beautiful resort. My husband and I went there to be married and did so while on the beach. All of my communications were done through emails with the wedding coordinator there and let me just say, the dream wedding. Everything was more than I had expected. The resort was very clean and the staff were amazing! The friendliest people I have ever met. The beach was beautiful and the pool was great as well. The only thing I would advise about is perhaps when it comes to excursions, going through the airline you had booked with is perhaps a better idea than taking the excursions that people on the resort approach you with. All in all, I must say, I would definitely be going back especially to celebrate our wedding anniversary there. We give this place 2 thumbs up and encourage anyone going to Punta Cana to check out this beautful resort. The dream vacation for sure!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>ebelle
<Content>Excellent My mom, dad, son and I just came back from 14 days of beautiful sunshine and relaxation at the Occidental resort. The weather was excellent. The room was perfect, the staff were excellent. This was the first time for us to the Dominican and we found that the natives (staff) were a very happy and friendly people. The food at the buffets was more than adequate for the discerning tastes, breakfast, lunch and supper. The a-la-carte restaurants we did not like so much, how ever the food was good. Depending on what you want to do during your stay, the beach and the pools are very well maintained. The shops out front of the hotel are pricey for bug repellent, sunscreen and other products, so just be aware to bring these prods with you. It is worth to buy a Premium package, you will skip checkin, service on secluded beach, you will find towel bathrobe, slippers in the room. Do not change money in the hotel or bank, just beside the hotel is ATM. One thing. Water compare to Varadero in Cuba was not so crystal clear and full of sand. As well not so calm as in Cuba. But food and service excellent to compare to Cuba where I am not planing ever go back. But would I go back to Punta Cana?Right now...any minute.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewlywedCalifornia
<Content>Wedding We had our wedding at the Occidental Grand on January 19, 2007. We were very pleased to find out upon check in that we had been upgraded to the Royal Club Suites with it's own concierge and restaurant. When we got to our room it was beautiful, with gorgeous towel art and fresh flowers throughout the room and bathroom. We took make up and toys for our maid and left them with a few dollars every day and always had a fridge full of beer, water, pop, and beautiful art and flowers every day.We dined at the Royal Club twice for dinner and most days for breakfast and it was always very good.The buffet restaurant was good, and all the a la carte restaurants were good (Asian being our favorite), although we didnt enjoy our dinner at the Mexican place as much as the other restaurants.The wedding and coordination by Omaira was absolutely amazing. It was everything we could have hoped for and more. One thing we noticed about the resort was how pleasant , friendly and accomodating the staff were. Neno and Juan with the rest of the servers at the Royal Club took such good care of us.The pools were great although we spent most of our 10 days on the beach as it is the most beautiful one in the world we have seen!We only ran into two problems with a group of 25 people - approximately 70% of the guests, including us became ill - some for 24 hours, other for 2-3 days; and some are still ill a week after being home. The other issue was that 2 couples in our group were placed in unsatisfactory rooms, one was moved to a better room, the other couple was moved to a worse room.I would definately reccomend this resort to anyone wanting to get married as Omaira and the Royal Club team definately take the stress of the day away.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nenemelrosema..
<Content>FORGET THE OCCIDENTAL Stayed at the occidental 1/16/-1/26 2007, service was terrible , rooms were old and tired, ours had NO air conditioning ,we asked for service day after day with no results, our fridge did't work either!! the beach and pool were nice but way too crowded thank God for good weather other wise the trip would of been a comlpete diaster...stay away!!!!Karen from melrose,ma.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>SteveCanada
<Content>Not for us We have travelled extensively through Punta Cana , and were very disappointed with this resort. As far as we are concerned, the first 200 feet of any resort, that being the reception area , are the most important to us after getting off of a cramped airplane and bus. The reception at this resort was terrible. There was only 4 couples, two of which we travelled with, to check in at the Priemere Service check -in. What a joke this was. After finally getting our keys, off we go to our building. Our friends were on the first floor and opened their door to what we'll leave as a couple all ready living there Everyone was shocked to say the least and got us thinking about how many keys are out there to our room. Anyhow they got moved to one of the buildings that has been revamped and after about an hour or two and several trips to the desk they finally got a key card that worked.Everyone that worked below the reception area, right to the beach were very friendly and pleasant but for what ever reason we found 90% in the main lobby and bar area to be very rude and cold.The food was just ok at the buffet. The ala cartes were a waste of time except for the mexican and Italian which were good. All in all, it was ok for the bucks, {D'ont ever pay book price, For any} but I'll rate this resort at the bottom of all our trips.Steve  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>jenypc
<Content>One of our better AI trips We stayed at this resort for 8 days and had a relaxing time. We thought the food was about average for most of the all inclusive resorts in the Dominican Republic (DR). But the air conditioned restaurants was a plus. Making reservations for the restaurants, we found out you can book all three at the same time and make sure you arrive on time, otherwise they will reject you. We have visited Puerto Plata, Boca Chica and though this one was one of the better trips. The beach is swimable, the sand fine and the water was as blue as the sky. The pool area was large enough for the resort. If the beach was filled we would enjoy the day at the pool and always find a quiet spot. The grounds are kept clean and pretty. The room we stayed in was a junior suite in building 13 on the first floor, facing the ocean, which was away from the foul odor on the opposite side of the resort. To our surprise the room was recently renovated, new bed, linens, curtains but the bathroom is due for some updating, eventhough the hardward to the shower and sink was changed. I recommend tipping as they will appreciate it, especially the maid because she made sure our drinks and towels were well stocked. We found that when the hotel desk did not have change for US $'s, the bell boy did. Also, on our way back the taxi fare from the hotel was raised to $30 USD one way (we didn't have a choice because it is a set rate). But upon your arrival, if you are traveling without a group/agency, I recommend negotiating a taxi fare rate beforehand and you might save a couple of $'s, we paid $20 USD to the Occidental and tipped the guy $5 USD, he was quiet happy and I saved $5.All in all this was one of our better all inclusive trips to the DR.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Yip65
<Content>Great Beach! Our family of 4 (kids 107) stayed here from Jan. 15-21, 2007.  We never utilized the Kids Club as it didn't seem to have any organized activities. The weather and beach were both gorgeous! Pools were also excellent. Food was good. The Italian, Oriental, and the Steakhouse were delicious on the nights we reserved. Buffet was average. Quite a few of our party as well as my husband and I were quite ill with diarrhea. The evening shows were very entertaining and our kids especially enjoyed the kids show as they participated almost every night! We were extremely disappointed with the rooms. They are not set up for 4 people. Our options for our family was 1 king-size bed OR 2 oversize twins shoved together. The kids ended up sleeping on cots(roll-aways)...not an ideal vacation sleep! We changed rooms twice as our closet was leaking in the first room. However, we were lucky because our toilet and A/C worked unlike a lot of our family/friends' rooms. We will definately return to the Dominican someday but not to this resort.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>deflep
<Content>You Get What You Pay For. Date of Stay - January 6-13, 2007Reviewer - Deflep (M  E), Toronto, Ontario, Canada.Arrival at Resort - There was no welcome or anything of the sort. Maybe it was because is was late at night. Basically our rep said there is a map on the back of the envelope and the room should be easy to find. It wasn't. It didn't help that there was a show in the main theatre and seemed like everyone was there. After asking for directions from a couple of tourists, the building was very easy to find. Room - We were in building 22, the ideal place to be. Halfway between the beach and the lobby, our opinion of course, Not loud here at all as we were behind the main theatre and the noise went the other direction. As we made our way with our heavy bags up to the 2nd floor, but to our surprise, we found our room door open. There were puddles of water (later found out it was the leaking air conditioner) and no towels. It was not safe to walk in there with all this water. Not a problem we thought. Called down to the main desk and explained the situation. I was told someone will be there soon. We waited for 20 minutes and no-one arrived. Long story short, and after 4 visits to the front desk, we finally got one person to wipe the floor down and someone else to bring us two towels. We arrived at the resort at 10:30 PM and did not get our room until 11:45 PM. Not a good way to start. Restaurants - Excellent food here, especially the fries at the Home Run restaurant above the swim up bar. The Mexican rest was kind of bland, the grill was interesting to say the least, small portions, we didn't try the Oriental but the best A la Carte had to be the Italian rest. Excellent portions and great tasting. All the buffet restaurant were very well stocked and the variety every day was a wonderful surprise. Bars - Lots of bars to choose from and they don't cut corners when it comes to the rum drinks. Try the COCO LOCO, excellent tasting and very refreshing. Bring along the stainless mugs as they'll keep all your drinks colder longer and the sand out. Plus saves you making extra trips. Check out Wilson at the lobby bar. Great guy. Entertainment - Every night was something different, enough to keep you interested. If the Michael Jackson show is on, that is one NOT to miss. They do go all out on these shows. The MANGU disco is ok, except drinks are not free here because it's open to all the resorts as well as some shady looking locals. Guys watch out for the women in here, they are on the clock, if you know what I mean. The Beach - Lots of chairs and cabanas, if you go down by 7 or 8 you'll be guaranteed a nice cabana and clean solid chairs. The sand is very clean but the water was choppy and the undertow rough and strong. We were told that at this time of the year the water can be rough. Try the Parasailing, it was our first time doing it and we loved it. Remember to negotiate the price. Overall - We had a great time here but here are a few tips that I'll leave you with: 1- The photographer charges $10 US a picture and if he does what the call a photo session, you'll have to buy a minimum of 5 pictures. 2- Negotiate with everybody there, the stores on the beach wanted $193 US from us for 5 items, we got them for $30 US. 3- Tipping is good, but make sure you get something for your tip. Don't tip without making sure that person knows why you tipped.4- If something is wrong with your room, bring to their attention right away. 5- To change your room, even if the resort is full, try a $20 US tip to the front desk guy, you'll get your choice of room. 6- Remember you're in a 3rd world country. A 4 1/2 star resort here may be a 3 star resort in Florida or Texas.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunloversBarrie
<Content>Review if you have kids We were at this resort from the 13th of January to the 20th of January 2007. I was there with my husband and 4 year old. My friend, her husband, her 5 year old and 8 year old. And also another friend.KIDS: Has a kids club that is operated by one person. The toys were very outdated and they did not have many supplies. They did have turtles that my child loved to play with. They also had some movies and outdoor playsets. It is beside a shallow pool. I never left my child there unattended, but many others did. They did organize the children to perform on stage before the adult shows. Kids mainly just swam in the pools and ocean. Bring games.WEATHER: Excellent. Did not rain more that 30 minutes the entire week. Very very hot. My child experienced a heat rash and needed to stay out of the sun between 12 and 3. Use 50 sunscreen.FOOD: Average. Mexican restaurant and the Italian restaurant were good. The buffet was fine. You can generally find something to eat. Many types of cereal for the kids. SICK: 6 out of 8 people got very sick. Everyone vomitted and had severe diarrhoea. It all happened the same night, so we think it must have been the food. Everyone recovered within approximately 24 hours. They have a doctor on the resort that saw my child for a heat rash and we did not pay anything.RESORT AND POOLS: Very nice. The pools are great. Good for kids, many different depths. Plenty of areas for shade. Bring a air mattress or rings for the kids.BEACH: Best part of the resort. Great light sand. Huge waves. Lots of chairs available. You can walk and walk. There is a shopping area right on the beach. ROOMS: Worst part of the resort. Compared to the resort, the rooms are very poor. We had three different rooms and all of them were below average. The tile was chipped, grout looked dirty, rust and stains in the bath tub. It was extremely musty smelling. Bring some air freshener spray. Invaluable! No bugs though. Never saw one anywhere. The rooms are large. Once I got over the difference between the rooms and the resort, it was okay. We left the maid daily gifts such as candy, gum, crayons, nylons, makeup and also a tip. The room was always cleaned. Air condition was excellent.ENTERTAINMENT: Daytime games and night time shows. There is a kids show each night and then the kids are allowed to run on the stage. This my child LOVED. I only saw a couple of the shows and they were good.SERVICE: Poor. We asked for three rooms together and did not get it. Kept being told to come back. We did and did not get anywhere. Friends closet was leaking water. Asked for it to be fixed, but it never was. Other friends lock on her room did not work, they came prompty and fixed it. We did not do any excursions. Can not comment on those. Good trip, but likely would not go back to this resort unless it was cheap cheap.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>nab6
<Content>great place / slow service The occidental is realy nice. Nothing to say about the food, the entertainment or the room,s. Everything was A1. My only deception was when i realize how corrupted the staff was. Everybody is trying to sell you drugs and other stuff. One day my wife and I where ask to complete a questionnaire and we would get free t-shirt and a bottle of rhum. We where ask a bunch of question to realize they wanted us to be VIP guess. The cost was 12000$(twelve thousand!) I to him i wasn't going to waste is time. He showed me the door and said they didn't have any t-shirt or rhum left and closed the door. What a bunch of crap.Anyways the rest of my staying was fun. Just don't fall for free stuff !Gatineau, Quebec, Canada  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chefypoo
<Content>stay away Arrived on January 15th 2007, by January 17th early afternoon I was unable to leave my room from extreme stomach problems. It really doesn鈥檛 matter what the rest of the resort looks like I was unable to see it anyway. All of the food is tepid or luke warm and no one really seems to care at all about it. Some of the worst service I鈥檝e ever experienced in my life. Arrived home on January 22nd and am currently doing a course of antibiotics to kill what ever is in me!! Hey at least I鈥檓 not running for the washroom anymore!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>CoupleFromOntario
<Content>Great Bang for your Buck! Our stay was January 16th - 23rd, 2007The hotel was nice. Clean. Friendly staff.We had breakfast every morning at the main buffet.The breakfast buffet was always good. My husband enjoyed a custom made omelette every morning.Fresh fruit always wonderful.We had lunch at the Beach Buffet often. The pizza was good. The buffet always had a lot to offer. Bathing suits acceptable and therefore more appealing for a quick bite.The HomeRun (burgers or nachos).Both were good and convenient.Nice feature, they have take away plates. Nice to take lunch back to the pool, the beach or your room.Always good, always something to satisfy each of our tastes.The main buffet for dinner was always good. Again, hubby enjoyed 'custom made pasta'. He and Julio hit it off and we always received good service from him.Again, never walked away hungry.A la carteMexican - awesome. I really enjoyed the deep fried chicken tacos for appt. and we both enjoyed our chicken fajitas for main meal.Intalian - we both had a wonderful bowl of pasta. Much better then the buffet as the sauce was a little more flavourful - very good.The grill - food was good, a strange arrangement of your meal. One by one you received your chicken, pork, beef, potatoes, peppers and so on..... all in all, it was good, just not my type of 'meal'.The taco counter upstairs, not buffet and not a la carte - tacos were VERY GOOD.Didn't get to try the pizza upstairs, again, didn't always feel the need as everything else was good.A good suggestion for the hotel would be to post the theme of the evening buffet so you can determine which night you would like to use your a la carte.Beach was wonderful. Always had a good chair with shade and sun. Beach and the whole resort property constantly being cleaned by staff. They never stop.The pool was 'fresh'. But wouldn't be refreshing, otherwise - right!?!?Three pools to choose from - what a great feature depending on the time of day, quiet or activity, children or no children.Evening entertainment, of what we saw, was always well planned and a lot of practicing. Very good... although, after long days of swimming and sun tanning, we were often back to our room asleep before it began.As for previous complaints about staff being pushy to listen to VIP plan. We did it, for our own curiosity as we have never done it before when travelling. We got our free bottle with our picture of it, we got our free tshirts and we walked away with good information. Not a good plan for our stage of life - but for others, might very well be appealing. After our meeting, we were never asked again. I can't imagine every member knew we had already been there. I think if you say no thanks right away if you are not interested, they will respect your decision. If you say maybe, or tomorrow, well you must be prepared for them to ask you again. They are after all trying to sell you something, and working for commission i'm sure.Overall, we would recommend this resort to couples and families. They seem to have a great kids program, all the children seemed very happy all the time.4 a la cartes2 evening restaurants available (pizza and tacos)3 lunch buffets to choose from1 evening buffet3 poolsHuge beach with a lot of chairs and umbrellas.What more can you ask for.....................  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Frequent_Traveller35
<Content>Do NOT leave your belongings unattended!! Beach - amazing, big and very clean, plenty of chairs, the best feature of the hotel. Food - average, more like 3 star, limited seafood, no shrimps. No need to book restaurants, the food at the buffet is much better. Rooms - generally clean. One time we forgot to leave a tip, the result- no towels at all, sand all over the room, disgusting! They never came back to fix it, just dropped off some towels in the evening. Leave $5+ tip on and you'll be ok.Be careful with your belongings, never leave them unattended or they'll be gone in seconds (my sunglasses and sunhat were stolen). No help from lost and found. The worst thing about the hotel is service. It was the most unfriendly and slow service (reception and room especially), even after you tip them. So no need for that. Buy tours (snorkeling and speed boats) from the beach reps, MUCH lower price for the same thing. Generally speaking, I would rate it as 3-3.5* Would not go back.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>littleleftie
<Content>great spot We just arrived home last night---and really enjoyed our week here.It was our first time in the DR, although we have travelled to other Caribbean islands and also to Europe. Overall, our experience was positive...one downfall is the time share representatives who try their best to lure you into forsaking a couple of hours of your precious vacation time to hear their spiel...but we learned how, quickly!, to say no and continue walking away. This hassling did bother my husband more than me and splitting up as we left the buffet after breakfast worked well to dissuade them from approaching.Our room initially was on the 3rd floor, and after asking for a switch (my husband cannot manage the stairs well due to a back injury) we were moved to a much nicer room on the ground floor.Unlike others who have written reviews, we never had a shortage of hot water, nor did our electricity fail, nor did we find the maids anything other than wonderful!! As for service, yes, I admit that in the buffet area, service was usually slow and often we found it frustrating...however, at the a la carte restaurants, service was much better. The food was always wonderful....no complaints from us! The variety was excellent, the presentations were great, always well cooked and no shortage of anything. In future, I would bring my own tea from home, as I didn't care for their classic tea. The grounds are immaculate, landscaping is like in a park, the pools (3) were clean, well-cared for and the beach is amazing.I read someone else's critique of the hotel and she mentionned the beach was windy. Can anyone figure out how a hotel can be blamed because Mother Nature chooses to bless this area with a beautiful breeze!!!!!!!??! Because of this breeze, there are no mosquitoes....and who can complain about that?? The beach was amazingly clean and beautiful.....with waves crashing and surf rolling.. The entertainment is similar to that of other island resorts---but I found the talent-pool at this resort above average. The shows were fun, costumes beautiful, routines were well-choreographed and those dancers work soooo hard to entertain!!As for no shopping outside the resort---well, I personally didn't go there to shop....so don't feel that I should comment. In reading other reviews, it seems that some persons are upset that the roads were dusty, the shopping was poor to non-existent and that the local persons, ie, staff in the hotel, were lazy. What seems to have been forgotten is that this IS a 3rd world country, whose citizens live in a reality far far different from what is experienced behind those gates........and that, on all of our parts, as tourists visiting THEIR home, we need to accept them as they are and not be upset if they don't conform to OUR standards.Isn't that why we travel in the first place?? .........to experience new things....if one wants to always have things as they are at home,.. then maybe that's where one should have stayed!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>slytu
<Content>It's really not bad! Relax... Stayed Jan 11-15th, 2007. After reading a million reviews before going on vacation, I began to get nervous thinking we had made the wrong decision. But to our suprise, we had a great, relaxing vacation. Plus we were very impressed that most of the staff knew enough spanish, english, and french to communicate with anyone. It does help if you know some Spanish though! Here are the details:BEACH- we took several walks up and down the beach and Occidental has by far the best layout and lots of room. Make sure you return your towels and get new ones in the morning. Every morning before breakfast we would save our seats at the beach or the pool. The pool is a little more difficult to get seats at if you wait until the late morning.POOL- The pool was great. The typically play music there during the day.ROOMS- Our room was newly renovated and was nice. We had a king bed with 2 seats as a sitting area. Bathroom was huge, but the tub was kind of small. Overall, not bad as ppl have commented. Plus, who really stays in the room that much anyway!FOOD- this was our least favorite part. The food was OK for the buffets. The a la carte for Mexican was GREAT. The grill was good too. We also liked the pizzaria- you can get a personal pizza. ACTIVITIES- The entertainment staff was very friendly and looked like they enjoyed their jobs. Unfortunately we couldn't partake in the banana boat rides b/c it was too windy when we were there. There is a nightly show put on by the staff.TIPS for your stay: we read on trip advisor to bring a travel mug for drinks. This ended up being a great idea, and the bartenders don't mind. Also, slip the bartenders a couple bucks in the beginning of the day and they usually wait on you better. Every day we left the maid a dollar or 2 and asked for only water and bee (we tried the best with our spanish!). She stocked the fridge and more!To sum it up- it wasn't a 5 star luxury resort, but it was a nice on-a-budget vacation. Just relax when you are there and you will have a great time. Remember- they are on island time.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>T&J-Winnipeg
<Content>This will be my last stay at Occidental This was our third visit to the Dominican Republic. The people are wonderful there. This was our second stay at an Occidental resort and I am thinking it will be our last. The main deterrent for me is that we go there to relax and enjoy ourselves. Occidental has a Vacation Club that they are pushing and they do this by having representatives standing at the main buffet restaurant every morning. I felt like I was running the gauntlet of all these guys chasing after me -- and they are quite rude in that they are commanding me to come over to them. They promise gifts (t-shirts) in exchange for an hour of your time to go see the presentation about the vacation club....actually when we did eventually get sick of being hassled and just went to the presentation it took an hour and a half of our time.....last time we stayed at an Occidental resort and attended the presentation it was over 2 hours of hard selling. Not exactly what we were looking for during our vacation.One of these reps was really pushy on the second day of our stay and I got annoyed with him and he became very rude and belligerent with me and that pretty much RUINED my vacation right there. After that encounter I was in no mood to relax or have fun and would have been happy if I could have left right then and there.We learned from the vacation club presentation that it would cost about $15,000 USD, which you can pay monthly if you want, to join their club, however I've also heard that there are significant restrictions and black out periods that they certainly don't tell you about during their presentation, of course. I've also been told that the deals you actually end up with by using their vacation club are nowhere nearly as good as they claim and people that i've talked to have not saved as much as advertised, but that's a limited sample.SUGGESTIONS RE VACATION CLUB PRESENTATION: If you don't want to waste your time with their vacation club presentation, don't go to breakfast or leave the breakfast restaurant as a couple -- they want both people at the same time. If you do get roped into the presentation, tell them you don't have a credit card with you. This will really dampen their ability to pressure you into purchasing right then and there and will get you out of there a lot faster. Another thing is their program is supposed to save you money or that's what they claim, so when people say they can't afford it then that's what they play upon, so don't represent that you are strapped for cash and that you don't care about the cost.That aside, the food at this hotel was alright but I found it a lot less appealing than other hotels I've been to in the DR. Plus it was generally luke warm and undercooked. No night tennis was disappointing, and odd that they don't offer it as they do have the lighting but just choose not to offer it, unless you are willing to shell out $8 USD per hour for the priviledge. Other resorts just give it as part of the package. Plus who can handle playing during the day when it's so hot.Other comments aside, there really was nothing special about this resort. I will definately make a point of trying a different chain next time around and will avoid Occidental.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>infinite123
<Content>Nothing Spectacular       HOTEL LAYOUT (might be usefull)  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>day1420
<Content>GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! Severe stomach sickness! I rarely have a negative thing to say about any vacation, but this entire experience was HORRIBLE!!! I've traveled throughout the Caribbean (Bahamas, Jamaica, Cayman, Cozumel, St. Thomas, St. Maartin, Bermuda, etc.) and I have to conclude that anyone who said this was nice must not have traveled much to compare.D.R.: Dirty, terrible roads, no shopping at all except for local trinkets, no jewelry deals like St. Thomas, no alcohol deals like Cozumel, nothing, few excursions, windy beach. Resort: 1. Old 1970's looking, paint peeling2. Bad service - upon arrival they never took our bags to the room, so we dragged them across the property and up 3 floors (no elevators) ourselves. We call for pick up on departure and they never showed up either. 3. Electricity would go out4. TV stations worked only sporadically5. Never once had a hot shower6. Food - ok, but you can't expect to get what you have at home7. Worst of all...SEVERE STOMACH SICKNESS!!! There are stickers on bathroom mirrors warning not to drink water, which we did not, yet still 3 of 4 travelers were very sick with stomach cramping, nausea, and severe diarrhea. It was so bad we could not leave resort for any excursions at all. I've never seen a line for the bathroom on an airplane like this, so it's not just this resort. Overall, You get what you pay for! I went to RIU in Ocho Rios Jamaica 1 month before this trip, and that was a PALACE compared to here! For about the same price, go to RIU instead it is beautiful and so is Jamaica without the water sickness problems!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>fun-in-the-sun13
<Content>great beach!!! i stayed at this resort and just got back with a great price through barringtonbaytravel.the beach is wonderful and you can find something to eat for everyone. the disco at the resort is happening late at night.the rooms are getting kind of dated but nothing you can't deal with.the grounds are wonderful with great pools.this is an fairly active resort with lots to offer.i would recument this resort.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>teresa84
<Content>Amazing! This Overall Resort was perfect, food was good, beach and pool were beautiful, the people who worked there were soo friendly, the entertainers were nice as well. Overall i would highly recomend this hotel resort to anyone going to punta cana.! AMAZING  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jelllo
<Content>Relaxing, but busy resort First time in the DR. First Carribean vacation ever. Relaxing time! We were greeted with fanfare, glasses of OJ in champagne glasses. Check-in was fast, even though it was 11pm!Tips: Bring a pen. You'll need it to fill out tourist visas, forms, etc during your travel. Bring a mug to keep your coco loco or slushie cool (and more of it!). Bring scented candles (there was no fan in our bathroom). If you need anything while you are there (sunscreen, souvenirs, etc) walk on the beach south, for about 15 mins to Captain Cook restaurant (chairs and tables on the beach, just past the flea market). Cut through, across the street there is a supermarket called Amalia. That is where the locals go. You can even get heinz baby food!! and the prices are not inflated. If you arrive late at this resort, the pizzeria on the 2nd floor is open until 6am. You may wait in line a bit, but, grab a drink from the lobby, then go stand in line. Good pizza. Room: Our room key did not work the first time, but I was expecting that. My husband left to go get a new one, and another couple showed up for the same room with their key! But their key did not work either, so we ended up getting the room. Otherwise the room was adequate, 2 double beds together which were not luxurious but adequate, A/C was working, good water pressure, always lukewarm to hot water available. The toilet did lack pressure once but we waited and once the water pressure came back had no problems. Towels were refreshed as needed. Fresh flowers everyday on my towel swan. Floor swept and washed everyday. TV  remote in working condition. Food: Excellent. Oriental restaurant was the best (sushi, scallops, salmon, tuna, yum yum!). 2nd best: Italian. I had medium rare beef which came perfectly cooked with juices running. Yum. Friday nights are beach party night - go to the beach buffet to enjoy a succulent shrimp  lobster tail feast! Towels: We had a package with towels in our room everynight, however, we still handed them every afternoon at the beach hut for a towel card just in case. Beach. Wow. Warm water. Calm waves (yellow flag while we were there). If you want good waves walk a couple of resorts over (to the north) and get a good thrill. Never had a problem finding a chair, even though the resort was full. Beach bathrooms were constantly being cleaned and I was surprised that for the number of guests that they were that clean.Bar: No lineups, at least not beyond a couple of minutes. Really. What's the rush? And if you don't like the lineups - bring your mug. Presidente beer is great. Excursion: We went snorkling. Saw Dory, but no Nemo. They love banana and bread. It was a great experience, and with the boat ride to the coral reef you get to see other resorts.The bad: I was sick on my 6th day. Combination of too much sun, food, everything. We called the doctor and had a room visit within 20 minutes. Very professional. English-speaking. Doctors there are on rotation; I had a girl about 30 yrs old or so. So you know: get your medical insurance, and don't hesitate to call, you'll be in good hands. My husband was fine and had absolutely no troubles.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>KylieOntario
<Content>Great week at Occidental Grand! I spent a week with my family at the Occidental Grand Flamenco, from Dec. 27/06 to Jan. 3/07. We had an amazing time, and would recommend this resort to anyone (young or old)!Upon arrival, our rooms were not ready (we landed at noon, and check in was not until 3pm), however we were aware that this would likely happen. The staff were very helpful and worked quickly to accomodate us, and within an hour we were settled. We went with Signature Vacations, and our rep, Weegy, was fantastic if we needed help at any time.Rooms: The rooms were the only downside of the resort. They were always extremely clean, but outdated. The bathrooms were the worst feature, as the tubs did have a small amount of rust in the bottom, and some of the fixtures (towel rack for example) were falling apart. However, for the amount of time we were in the room, we were not terribly bothered by this.Grounds: Absolutely gorgeous...very well maintained!Pools: There are 3 large pools, and the main one has a swim up bar. All pools were very clean for the entire week.Restaurants: There are 2 buffet restaurants and 4 a la cartes. The buffets always had fantastic selection (breakfast, lunch and dinner), and the a la cartes were always tasty. We did not try the Oriental, but the Steak, Italian and Mexican were excellent. The Steak has a set menu, as the meat is brought to your table on skewers (along with rice, potatoes, vegetables) and you help yourself. If your meat is not cooked to your preference, simply ask them to put it back on the grill, and they do so without any problems. No one from my group got sick, or had any problems with the food.Bars: There is no shortage of bars in the resort! They are open until midnight, and I believe the lobby bar was open until 1am. Service was always quite good. Try the Banana Mama or Coco Loco!Entertainment: There were always nightly shows at the theatre which were relatively entertaining. New Year's was fantastic...lots of live music playing, fireworks visible from other resorts, etc.... Mangu Disco is also on site...we did not get here, but heard it was a lot of fun. Just be aware that it is open to the public.Beach: The beach is one of the best I've seen. White sand, clear blue water. Lots of beach chairs. Just get there early and reserve a seat if the resort is busy.Day Trips: Go to Saona Island. It is worth every penny!!!In all, I would return to this resort in a heartbeat! The staff are friendly, and if you make an effort to speak some words in Spanish, they really seem to appreciate it. I have no regrets about this place!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LaurieKamloops
<Content>good times air canada flights were comfortable compared to the charters.. got a great price with selloffvacations! the Bavaro Beach region is beautiful with warm blue-green sea washing up on pearly white beaches.Hotel facilities are great.. top notch pools, lobby, and food in the buffets and restaurants tasty and varied. Rooms are rather basic with dated furnishings but beds better than Mexico!(not rock hard)we had a fun time... enjoying the area and went on a swim with sharks excursion Marinarium. almost a perfect holiday BUT 6 out of 8 people got some stomach upsets and we had limited hot water for showers... which detracted from the values.I would recommend this hotel .... it has a decent stage show and a rocking night club too. 7 days was good ... there is not enough to do for a 2 week trip! Expect service with a smile from the Dominicans!...you should tip.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ctwinegeek
<Content>Wonderful Resort! Loved it!       The Big Pool  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>QuebecMountain
<Content>don't go to this hotel The only good thing about this place is the beach and the weather. If you go to Punta Cana choose an other hotel! The star rate is not what it says. I would not give more than a 3 stars, and I am generous for some things. There is no good service at this hotel. You wait a lot for a drink, and when the hotel is full you wait in line to have dinner and at the bars (because there is not enough bars for the amount of people there!!). There is not enough service for the amount of people there in general, plus no good service at all they don't understand you when you ask something. Our room was smelling bad. The shower had almost no warm water and no pression when you wanted to take one before going to dinner. The wine, the first week was a Spain one, was ok... but the second week we were there it was an Italian one, they only had that one left and it was horrible, so we didn't drink one for dinner that week. At the buffet and at the beach restaurant at lunch time there was no service, we made our table ourselves and serve ourselves drinks because we would still be there waiting for the server to come see us. No bar tender near the pools. Only one bar in one pool. The only good thing is the popular Discotheque Mangu is on the site, it opens only at midnight and the drinks are not included. But it is fun and very crowded. So this hotel is more for young crowd who want to go to this disco untill 6 am, have free access to it, and people who don't care about the services and the food during the day. There is not a lot of variety in that buffet. There is pork every day. THe only good service we had was with the cleaning room, but because we gave the women a lot of tips. Don't go there if you expect a beautiful romantic room, we didn't want to stay too long in that room. The matress was old. We ask for a big bed and our room had 2 twin beds. Go instead to the hotel beside this one : Grand Palladium. Same stars rate, but you can give 6 stars to that one compare to the Occidental and it is about the same price. We were very disappointed about our vacation because of this hotel. But the beach and the sun is great!!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thatcher351
<Content>Do not go to this hotel unless you wish to be ill or visit a hospital. We returned to D.R this year for the new year, we stayed in a beutiful 5 star last year, but unfortunatley we were moved due to a dispute with the tour company,this hotel was surposed to be the same as or an upgrade!This hotel is NOT a 4 star I would class it a 3 star hotel, the pool was dirty the pool bar smelt of the pool loo maybe because it was flooded with sewage, food awful, couldnt get into a la carte unless you had long trouser which is NOT stated in the broshure, the beach is fantastic the staff are friendly and helpful especially maximo and sandy. rooms standard but very clean, entertainment poor and kids club not very friendley or exciting for children. wiggy the rep helpful, but could not really help resolve problems, due to hygiene we all were ill, of which we beleave could be to do with uncooked meat, with lots of blood running on plate. The main concern for me is that the hygine and food in the hotel could be alot better, and takes lots of dollar because money talks, if you want anything in this hotel!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	1	3	2	

<Author>CalgaryKellys
<Content>It was a great holiday We just got back on Saturday from the Occidental Grand in Punta Cana having been there a week and we had an excellent time. The food was great, the rooms were good and the staff were amazing. If you'd like more information, please feel free to email me at calgarykellys@shaw.ca  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	-1	5	2	

<Author>MissionBeachBums
<Content>Great beach, good deal resort This was the 2nd all-inclusive we've stayed at in the Carribean (1st was at 5star in Varadero, Cuba). We went with another couple and had an awesome time. We went knowing that the rooms at this resort are outdated, this was peak travel season of the year, and that obviously not all staff will speak english. We booked a premium king room.Resort: grounds are constantly cleaned, great landscaping, lots of pools, swim up bar, good walking paths, lots of shaded and sunny spotsBeach: very nice beach, lots of huts for shade, cleaned every morning, good water sports - small charge for optional insuranceStaff: extremely friendly all around, most speak english, great service - quick response to most concernsRooms - definitely outdated and nothing to write home about...please REMEMBER, a 4 star in DR (or anywhere in Carribean) is more like a 2 star in US/Canada. Our room was supposed to be king bed, but was two doubles put together. The cieling had water damage, door was broken when we arrived, shower had no pressure. The door was fixed within a few hours. Shower was fixed within half day. Don't go to this resort if you want some kind of fancy room. We went for the beach and night life, the room was just a place to get some quick shut-eye and shower. Rooms were cleaned twice a day.Food - lots of selection, quality is average. The buffets always have seats and are for dinner they just serve a mix of some of the a-la-carte food. For a-la-carte, make your reservations early!!! Oriental was by far our favorite, for atmosphere and food.FOR THOSE BOOKING with PREMIUM - it doesn't get you much. We did receive fresh beach towels in the evenings, but often had to ask for them. You get a plate of some fruit and a half litre bottle of rum when you arrive in your room. You're supposed to get 5 guaranteed a-la-carte bookings, but we had to fight for ours. There is a separate reserved section on the beach. All in all, I wouldn't pay an extra penny for the PREMIUM.You have to travel to DR with a laid back approach. When you encounter problems, a sense of humour goes a long way. You won't get far if you make demands are become argumentative.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lisa-jelaine
<Content>Below Average Resort We stayed at the Occidental Grand (Flamenco) at the end of Dec. 2006 and into the New Year. Overall, we found this a below average resort and would not return. Although there wasn't one thing/event that put us off, it was a number of little things/annoyances that all added up. Having never booked over the New Year, we were excited to attend the festivities at the resort. Unfortunately, it seems the resort almost overbooked the rooms because our first headache after flying 7 hours was the fact that our room was not ready (despite booking in October) - in fact, they initially gave us the wrong room keys. We were not prepared to leave all of our bags unattended in some other room, as they suggested, while waiting for our actual room, so we had to wait another hour before we finally checked in. We observed several other groups arriving at the same time who were also having problems checking in.A general comment as well about the staff - there is a definite language barrier if you cannot speak Spanish . This is most pronounced at the various restaurants/buffet but is even present at the front desk. Although all the staff acted like they were genuinely interested in trying to help, it seemed sometimes like they were just saying what we wanted to hear and then wouldn't follow through. The rooms were clean but quite spartan. We booked a room with a king size bed and got one with a twin bed and a half pushed together (seriously!). One of these beds (the half-twin) was unusable because it sagged virutally to the ground in its middle. Unlike the advertisement, there was no air conditioning. The TV remote did not work and our toilet barely flushed. We did not have beach towels in our room like they told us and had to track down towel cards.The food at the buffet and 3 other restaurants we ate at was average. Although our voucher stated guaranteed reservations at the restaurants within 24 hours of arriving, we were not able to get these reservations and had to settle with whatever was left over (hence we only ate at 3/5 restaurants). Although the staff were friendly in all the resaturants, as mentioned there was a language barrier. Obviously, we don't expect to be waited on hand-and-foot in any restaurant, but we would hope after sitting for 20 minutes that we would be acknowledged and could order a drink in an all inclusive resort.We found the resort very busy/crowded in the first few days leading up to New Year's - you definitely had to get up early in the morning if you wanted a chair on the beach or you were out of luck; after NY's, it was significantly less crowded. This is probably to be expected at this time of year.I also agree with another reviewer: try to avoid the wandering resort promoter and his sales pitch - a tip-off might be when you are offered your welcome gift on your last day at the resort (this actually happened to us).This resort is not equivalent to equal starred resorts we have stayed at in Mexico/Cancun (four to four and a half stars). The Flamenco would be equivalent ,we think, to a three or three and half star resort in Mexico. Perhaps we are expecting too much - the Dominican is a less developed country than Mexico although Punta Cana in particular is a tourist hot spot now. Overall, the minor amount of money saved and novelty of the Dominican do not make up for all the little inconveniences/problems and we would not return.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	1	3	

<Author>CBBBB
<Content>Great Vacation spot ....fantastic value for the cost My wife and I just returned from two weeks at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana (called Flamenco as well). We stayed from Dec. 17th, 2006 to the 31st.The vacation was simply fantastic. The Beach here is more than I expected with soft white sand stretching for miles in both directions. We swam in the ocean every day, the water was warm and clear and that vibrant blue colour that you see in the photos. The Beach at the occidental was one of the best we saw of the resorts in the area, with lots of spots for sitting in the sun, and just as many in the shade. We never had a hard time finding a chair the match our mood of sun or shade.The food here --- GREAT. Here's a quick rundownLe Buffet: this is the main restaurant for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Tons of choices ....try the omelete bar at breakfast -- it takes a minute to get a nice omelete cooked to your liking ....or they will make you eggs to your liking .....this along with a bunch of other choices. Lunch and Dinner were both full of choices for all tastes.there are four reservation restaurants -- Las Reses (Grill) , Hacienda (mexican), Oriental , Italian.We tried all of them ...and each was good. The Grill house is one of the places with a fixed menu, where the staff bring around assorted meats on a skewer and cut it onto your plate. It was good, but our least favorite.In the Oriental restaurant, have the tuna ...it was simply excellent.Have the medallions in mushroom sauce in the Italian place -- a great meal.In short, each of these was worth booking ....and the service is spectacular in each -- we enjoyed ourselves a lot.In addition to these places, there are pizza and taco places open until the wee hours of the morning that were both awesome as well with outdoor seating and waiter service.There is also a pool restaurant homerum open for lunch until 6pm with nachos, hamburgers, hotdogs etc.At the beach is a massive buffet restaurant open from 12:30 'til 4 ...great food and you can eat in your swimsuitAs for the service .... the staff here was excellent -- other reviews say they were rude or slow ....but we saw nothing like that. The staff was exceptional.Very few of the staff speak a lot of english, so perhaps people confuse a language barrier with rudeness...... but it was never an issue. The bar staff, wait staff, and front desk all did, it was some of the cooks and cleaning staff that didn't. The room ....it was clean and it was free from any bugs etc. in fact we didn't see any bugs anywhere. The room was a little more basic than I thought it would be, but it had everything we needed. They have little mini- fridges that are filled daily with pepsi, 7up, water and beer ....throwing a tip in the fridge gets you a few more beers every day!!!When it rained very hard one day we had some water in the room, but nothing a small towel couldn't dry up. It rained almost everyday -- but only for a few minutes -- and only once did we have a leak -- that was a huge downpour though.This trip was everything we hoped it would be, and for the price point, the Occidental was perfect. The grounds, pools, beach were exceptionally clean and the service was great -- all smiles with a friendly Hola everywhere you go.Some final tips:Take US money ..and lots of singles for tipsyou can exchange larger bills for peso's at the exchange counter as well - 30 pesos is one US dollar. You can exchange Canadian money herethe convenience store at the resorts has inflated prices -- very very inflated prices .....Watch out for the resort promoter - you'll end up in a room getting a sales pitchtry the Tiki-Tiki or rum punch at the lobby bar ..... (or any of the many bars) they are great.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>acceber1978
<Content>Weddingmoon It was beautiful and pretty carefree. The restaurants weren't open when we were ready to eat, so we ate at the open buffett restaurant the whole time and it was wonderful. If you left there hungry, it was your own fault! They had like 8 different juices for breakfast, baskets full of pencil-thin, yard-long bread, eggs made to order, local specialties, etc. If you plan on doing any watersports, take some shorts that zip, because they can't hold your key while you're out because of insurance purposes, and my husband had a velcro square on his shorts, and the key came out on the hobie cat ride and went in the caribbean somewhere. Beautiful beach and pool, very kind and sociable staff. Room was average.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>andreaudet
<Content>Good, not great This was our first trip down south, me and my girlfriend. Here's what we thought about the resort:- Extreamly clean (except for pools)- Service good, not great- Food questionable- Awesome beach!!- Beds in poor shape- A-La-Carte restaurants not impressive (except for the Mexican restaurant)- Lots of activities on the resort- Very Friendly staffWe wouldn't go back, but we wouldn't tell someone not to go...  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ukesoccer
<Content>Perfect place to spend a week on the beach               More photos  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bob-6
<Content>Theft at the Occidental Grand Flamenco We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic for a week last March. On the second night, while we were asleep in the bedroom, someone broke into the separate dining area and stole my cellular phone and iPod. The person must have had a key since there was no evidence of a forced entry, raising the question of theft by someone who worked there. The hotel staff said that the office's key to the room was missing.The hotel manager said that if I provided purchase receipts when I returned home, he would submit them for insurance. I faxed him the receipts and heard nothing for two months. When he then said he hadn't received them, I faxed them again, and he said he got them. I have heard nothing from him since, he has not responded to several emails, the company headquarters has not responded to my inquiry, and even the local embassy consul has not replied to a fax. I am left with the impression that the manager was able to respond courteously when I was there and then able to ignore me once I had returned home. My loss was $600. Their failure to respond to my inquiries or reimburse my loss is unacceptable.Bob Winer  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CDR_Dave
<Content>Relaxing and romantic. This was a terrific place. A beach that went on for miles in both directions, very good food and friendly staff members. (an hola was only seconds away!) The room was very clean and daily stocked with two large bottles of water. The approximately one-mile loop around teh resort was perfect for a jog and the spa was more than adequate. The buffet was well organized, both the primary and beach area lunch buffet. All bars ran smoothly. I would not recommend the Grill restuarant unless you enjoy a sample of beef and pork. Also, we did experience a bad condenser in the room A/C and it took four phone calls to get a mechanic out to fix the problem. We will definitely return to this resort.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>travlboy21
<Content>amazing week or partying Just got back from a 5 night vacation at the bahia with 12 guys and girls all ages 17-20 it was amazing. The resort is very beutiful and in great condition. The Beach: very clean water and clean sand lots of chairs with plenty of shade if needed. The water sports are so much fun including the little sailboats and kayaks. I reccomend Bringing Your own snorkle and mask. The Pools: Thier are many! all clean and u will get great service, you will not wait more than a few seconds for a a drink!Dining: The buffets all seem to be good no one i was with had any problems only went to 2 ala cartes the tex mex def being my favrotie.Bars and Nightlife: Their are bars you can get drinks at all over the resort ... a nice place to hang out and get the night started after dinner is the lobby bar before you head to the o or nightclub where it gets crazy and is the most popular club bar in punta cana has 2 floors diferent music on eachThe rooms: All clean big spaces very good housekeeping service i left them a 2 dollar tip daily and wrote them a note in spanish and they stocked the minibar with all beers and bottled water.Met and talked to many poeple who have vacationed in punta cana several times they all said the ocidental was def the best. resort for young people looking to party.. Overall very fun vacation cant wait to go back.. i definetly would recommend young singles or large groups looking to have a fun day and crazy night to visit this resort.i wouldnt reccomend to older travelers  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelSteffo
<Content>Definitely a 3.5-4Star Just got back yesterday from a week at the resort. I would have to say it's definitely not a 4.5 star but more of a 3.5-4 Star. The buffet always had a great spread. The other restaurants were not bad. The Steak house I thought was best and yes, it's brazilian style. 6 different kinds of meat with salad bar and side dishes. I had what was called ravioli at the Italian and it was terrible. The cannelloni is good though. Oriental was ok but they were out of items that are listed on the menu so your choices are limited. If you go out late at night, remember the pizza parlor upstairs is open till I beleive 7am for those late night munchies.This time of year, it rains. Be prepared to get poured on every now and then. The rooms have umbreallas in them.The pools are kept clean. Get there early for a seat. The Royal club is currently being renovated. The rooms were kept clean for the most part. One word of warning though, do not leave open food around the room. If you throw something out with food on it (plate etc.) throw it out in the garbage outside. If not, prepare to have ants everywhere within a few hours.The beach is very nice. Not too many vendors hassling you with there special prices!!! Outside of the resort up the street to the entrance of the hotel there is a market as someone else mentioned. Be prepared to be hassled, yes! If your looking for deals on souveneirs (rum, etc.) the best place to buy is the supermarket. The mall (Plaza Bavaro) has inflated prices. The supermarket is located just outside of the resort. Keep walking straight and it's 2 doors down from the Farmacia just after the small bar on the corner.I also agree if you know Spanish you will definitely get better treatment. I too am surprised at how cheap people can be. I only saw one other couple tip the whole time I was there. When people complain about the service, you get what you pay for. If you were working there, would you cater to people that tip first or people that don't??There is a great casino just outside the property as well. It's a $5 cab ride. Gets quite busy at night with tourists. Check it out but bring American dollars, not pesos there.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>needatan1980
<Content>Excellent Experience! We just returned from our week stay at the Occidental Grand in Punta Cana. I was very impressed with it! We arrived at 4a.m. and the staff were very friendly (even at this hour) My first impression was how clean the grounds were and the lobby was absolutely gorgeous. We had requested a king size bed and received this as well as rum and bottled water, pop and beer in our room (which was stocked every single day) I found the rooms to be just fine. I wouldn't describe it as run down just not 5 star North American style. You have to keep in mind that this country is not North America and you will enjoy yourself a lot more. we tipped the maids every day and found the service to be great....stocked fridge, new towls and clean bed every day. Yes we did have some water heating issues two mornings but it was very brief.The staff was very friendly. I wish I knew Spanish so I could speak their language. I found they respected people more if they knew Spanish (as I respect people more if they know English in my country)...But over all they were great. If you want a great bartender go to Wilson in the Lobby Bar. We tipped him and he remembered our drinks and treated us very well. Be ready to be harrassed to buy things off the locals. There is a market just outside of the resort. When we ventured out there we were hassled at every corner...found it very intimidating because i'm horrible at bargaining. One man wanted to follow us back to our hotel to get more money when we said we didn't have much! Also keep in mind, many Europeans...so if you're not used to Topless women and men in speedos be ready! It became the norm at the end of the week but surprising at first haha. All in all though it was a great trip. The food was amazing. Best buffet. and the A-la-carte was wonderful. didn't try the oriental but the mexican, and steak were great. The steak one was more like a brazilian steak house where they feed your meat on swords. very cool but must love meat. The Italian was ok...not my favourite.I will definitely return though! very family and couple friendly!!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ChileanGuy
<Content>Good hotel infrastructure, food so-so, awful service       Pool 1  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	1	3	

<Author>Montreal99
<Content>Go for the beach I just got back to Montreal from a week in Punta Cana.First let me say the beach is glorious and I would go back to Punta Cana just for that.Pros - Beach, Staff at the hotel were great, everything was well organized.Cons - ticks (you will get bitten like crazy so go prepared), wine at the hotel was very bad, problem with hot water (very little), food was only so-so.This establishment was listed through AirCanada Vacations as a 41/2* it is not. It is just about a 4*. It was not bad but it was not worth the money this package cost. Upgrade to a higher hotel or the Royal Club that is offered at this one.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>catchasmile
<Content>Pure Bliss       Outside of the Resort  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aclarke
<Content>Lovely hotel and staff but very bad tummy problems!       swimming pool  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kg04
<Content>Loved It, Loved It, Loved It Just got back a couple weeks ago from the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana and had a great time! The resort was beautiful!!! This is not my first time to Punta Cana and I have been to other places staying in all inclusive resorts and I have never seen a resort as beautiful as this! The grounds were huge and very well kept. The beach was beautiful, no seaweed, white sands and lots of good spots to sit.The food was amazing, I couldn't believe how much variety there was and the restaurants were awesome too! The activity staff were so much fun!!!!!!! They got me and my friends doing all the activities whether we wanted to or not but once we were up doing them we had a great time! Say hi to Magnolia and Danny! They made our trip! They are so cool!The nightly entertainment was unreal. The staff worked so hard for the shows. My friends and I went to every show before heading out to Mangu, the nightclub on the resort. The nightclub is a lot of fun but a lot of the locals go so just watch out if you are a young girl because the guys can get pretty aggresive. The upstairs is better for that, you can have more space. We went there 4 times in the week and had so much fun, there were always cool things going on like fire shows and different attractions at the club. Mangu stays open till 6 or 7 am. so you can party pretty hard while staying on the resort.I strongly recommend this resort. It was the time of my life and I know my friends that I travelled with can say the same. Best week of our lives!!!!!!!!! It was paradise!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>All-for-Love
<Content>Dream Vacation My Husband and I went there for our 10th Anniversay. I had read some nagative and positive reviews so I wasn't sure what to expect, but it was everything I dreamed of and more. The staff was extremely friendly, and the rooms were kept spotless. The only down side was the transportation from the airport to our Hotel. The Bus was hot and stuffy and though the trip only took about 25 minutes, it felt like an hour. We couldn't have asked for better weather, it only rained on one night. The most important advice I can give is, unless you are thinking of buying a Timeshare, avoid the Allegro club. They will ask for five minutes of your time and promise you a gift, we fell for this and went in but three hours later they were assuring us for the twentieth time that we were almost through. Finally we just walked out (without our promised personalized towels). Also bring a pen, nobody in at the airport or the Hotel has a pen! We are definitely going back.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	3	

<Author>teedoe50
<Content>Had a great time  This was our 2nd trip to Bavaro Beach, Punta Cana. Four years ago we stayed at Allegro Punta Cana  it was fine but this resort is better. Food was very good. Staff was friendly. We love Bavaro Beach. There is not much activity in this region to go outside of the resort but we knew we just wanted to relax this trip. If you like to walk the beach, you can walk forever.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cdub1382
<Content>unblieveable this place of course wasn't the fanciest.....of all but it is beautiful....they remodeled just a little ...i went their two years in a row. as soon as u enter in the lobby the pool pretty much goes to the beach has a wonderful swim up bar....and in the lobby the bartenders at night will have u laughing up a storm......(ahh s$^^) the resort has plenty of resturants and buffets...and high end liquer. their was even a shopping plaza outside of the compound.....and a casino that is now two years old..... it is a very very nice resort would recommend any time to anybody....the nightly entertainment was unblieveable......i could go on for hours if you have any ?'s please let me know....i've been their twice and recommend many excursions.....just one thing.....the resort was bought out last year....and it's under a different name....but the resort has everything and anything and everything is very close buy but......you weren't disturbed at all!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lauramacc
<Content>Amazing!       Amazing Beaches - Take a walk and explore....  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>bumple
<Content>Disguisting!!!! We have just arrived back from Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic, after four weeks of looking forward to going to the Occidental we was very dissapointed when we arrived, the rooms were filthy and smelt disguisting we later found out this smell was bugs. The bed was dirty, the bathrooms had black mould in them, the pool was full of dirt and bird mess the gardens were overgrown. English can only stay on a ground floor and there was a two inch gap under the front door so we had to wet a towel and throw it on the floor to stop bugs coming in. We also had to masking tape the patio door up and there again was a two inch gap from the glass to the plastic and the door did not lock. The food was full of syrup they even put it on fried eggs. (This is to the Americans taste). I have never been to a hotel so disguisting in my life. This ended up in having to pay to be transferred to the Gran Bahia Principe, and having to pay extra. Which i can say the hotel was amazing, we went to the Bahia Principe in the North last year and the standards there were amazing so we expected it to be good in the Occidental but you could not even compare. So as a result we ended up in another Bahia Principe resort. Just to add to it another couple had been moved 3 times in the Occidental on their third room their ceiling dropped through. We also moved rooms twice until we decided to move hotels. So as a word of advice do not book this hotel!!!! or any other Occidentals!!!!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>janeybt
<Content>A Fab Hotel! After reading some of the reviews about this hotel I was very worried, but had already booked so decided to go with an open mind.... We went with our teen daughter and another couple with their teen. We all had a great time, the rooms were spacious, comfortable and spotlessesly clean, our maid Sunilda was excellent! The food was fine, I am very fussy but found somthing I liked every day, there is an excllent choice, fish, seafood, chicken, pork, ham, pizza, pasta etc - all out party ate very well. the service was great, staff friendly, and the entertainment staff were just brilliant - really funny, friendly and put on some excellent shows.All the staff were very friendly, including the gardeners and pool staff, who would sing while they worked. The pool area, gardens and beach were beautiful, kept spotlesslessy clean, there was poeple sweeping from morning till I went to bed at 3am! We went on one trip, booked through the hotel beach shack (where you change your towels) to Catalena Island, it was 85 dollars and included, air conditioned coach to the boat, snorkling gear, food and drink - all of which was plentiful. Many on the trip went scuba diving (this is extra and you have to be qualified) while the rest of us snorkled, this was great, take a banana to feed the fish and watch as they feed! the island is lovely, and you don't need to snorkle here -at waist height in the sea we had fish swimming around us. the boat crew were great, dancing, music, with plenty of food and drink., really recommend this trip! We loved this hotel and would recommend it. This is a developing country and we tipped our maid a dollar a day, plus we tipped in the restaurant, cleaner in the bathroom etc..- We didn't take any small notes and had to keep going to the gift shop to buy chocolate (what a shame!!) to get small notes to tip, so make sure you get lots of small notes when you change your money.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>smilerdownes
<Content>Wonderful Holiday Just returned from a wonderful weeks stay at the Occidental in Punta Cana. Everything about this resort was brilliant. The food, the rooms, the staff - and in particular the beach. It was perfect from beginning to end. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, they assisted in any way they could. Our room was kept spotless by a wondeful maid who ensured that we had our rooms cleaned and fresh towells every day by 11.00 a.m. Really could not have asked for more. A fabulous break.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bchyld
<Content>Terribly disappointed...               More photos  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>Snader
<Content>Great Place       Beach  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>parallam
<Content>Mixed Feelings..... Ok. first off.. this was our 1st time out of country on vacation... for my wife and I. we were excited to go! then we got to the Punta Cana Airport. Big shock! Open huts (some very large huts though!) and not very organized. But it was kewl.. and soon we were traveling towards our hotel. That was an eye opening experience. You hear that it's a 3rd world country.. whole different thing to see it. but the people were friendly enough. Arriving at the Occidental, it was an ok feeling. But we have to see. Going into the main lobby was ok. Checking in was ok. Then we headed to the room.. and the issues started. First off... our key wouldn't unlock our door. they worked that out. we were suppose to have a king sized bed... got in the there were 2 twin beds.. in the middle of the room. called the front office and they said that they could get us something for the next day. we said ok. Then I used the bathroom.. and the toilet wouldn't flush. We then laid on the bed and my wife decided she was cold so we pulled the blankets down.. to find a large wet spot on the bed! That's when I lost it! I called the front office and then my travel agent and told them to either get me a new room or a plane ticket home! within 30 minutes we were in a new room. so here it is Sunday night and we're tired... so off to bed we go. Woke up Monday morning.. and there was not hot water!! oh joy! I called the front desk and they told me it should be fixed in a few hours. NEVER BELIEVE THEM!! (I also will note that everything I dealt with the front deck I felt like I was bothering them... they were the one are where I didn't feel I got a great service from the people. otherwise the people were great though). So we ended up waiting.. TILL TUESDAY AT 11:00 AM till we got hot water. It wasn't a pretty thing. Later on Tuesday we lot power and water completly. But they did get that back fairly quickly. We ended up losing power 4 times in about 48 hours. fun fun fun!oh yeah DO NOT EVEN PICK THE PHONE UP IN YOUR ROOM!! We made several COLLECT calls homes.. when we went to check out they handed me a bill FOR $89 FOR MY PHONE CALLS! I nearly lost it. Long story short.. after yelling a bit.. I didn't pay a bill. But they will try to charge you. I wouldn't even look at it.Also, don't leave ANY food out anywhere in your room. We ended up having a ton of little ants in our room. They were controlable, but the food brings them in like crazy!So I've complained a lot.. now for what I did enjoy. Cause I will say this: I would go back to the Dominican. Probably not the Occidental... but maybe. The buffett restaurant was good. we ate really well all week actually. The selection is tough for a fussy eater like me... but I never went hungry. and I thought that the people worked hard for us. so the food was good. The pools are really nice as well. There are 3 of them and it never felt crowded in them. The beach is fantastic. The water is incredible... nothing to say but wow for that! that was worth the whole trip actually!It is VERY HOT down there! I'm from New England, we get humidity in the summer, but it's nothing like this! but the ocean breeze is nice... so it's bearable. but bring the sun screen and the aloe. I burt twice!!Over all I would say I'm neutral for the Occidental. The people were fun and seemed to try really hard. You don't tip at all, and I think I got better service in the buffett restaurant than I do at some resturants around here! I may give them another chance... but I'm not sure. I'll have to give it some time.I hope this is helpful. Just know what you're getting into before you go. We had some ideas, but we learned. Thanks!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	4	1	

<Author>Kymberlee
<Content>Nice Resort       Beach  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	2	4	1	

<Author>beth12
<Content>Great Place--would go back! Just returned from the Occidental --it was wonderful. The pool was awesome and clean -no issues there. Alfredo swim up bartender - was awesome! The beach was simply amazing -water is gorgeous and warm much like Cancun. One of the nicest beaches we have ever seen -esp with all the palm trees.Rooms need a little upgrading -tubs and furniture were worn, otherwise the rooms and beds are clean .There is a small fridge --pop and water only provided daily.Safe-15.00 U.S for the week.Loved the Buffet --we dined there mostly. We also ate at Captain cooks -short 10 min walk downthe beach. Best Seafood ever! Amazingly cold Presidente beer! Great place right on the beach .Found staff to be excellent --very nice and friendly as a result we would most likely return to this resort .Did a tour --dune buggies --went to a beautiful secluded beach and swam in an underground cave. Very fun -would highly reccomend the dune buggies which was booked in the lobby.One important tip--dont forget to save 20$ each US DOLLARS ONLY ACCEPTED. --Dept tax at airport.Also remember to pack rum in suitcase ---carry on liquids not allowed due to new regulations. I Overheard other tourists at airport saying they had all their rum taken away.-It is safe to walk off the resort at night-to Casino and local bars-short 10 min walk, to shops and bars and casino.. There is a bank machine just outside resort -beside Mangus--(Mangus -not open till 11pm-6am -young crowd mostly  not part of the all inclusive)) sometimes out of order.and other bank machines -money exhchanges in market areas.Over all great place to stay--esp in low season --no line ups and no hassels , it was a great holiday.Dominicans wonderful, friendly people--great experince overall.We will be back!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>XxClairexX
<Content>I went with an open mind but..... I booked a holiday to the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana in January of this year for myself and my boyfriend. We were on a limited budget and found the Dominican Republic to be competitively priced, having not been there before we thought we'd give it a go. We had been to Cancun 3 years a go and had a fantastic time, however we paid twice the price so our expectations weren't that high.I will give you a review based on my personal opinions, however I am aware that people view things differently.After an 8 hour flight we arrived at Punta Cana airport weary and desperate to start our 2 week holiday. The airport didnt consist of much other than long queues. I pride myself of being quite organised and I had already bought our tourist cards before our trip from the Dominican Republic Embassy, thinking this would speed things up. Oh how wrong i was. The airline were not able to provide us with immigration forms on the plane so firstly we had to fill those out, which took so long as everyone was fighting for a place to lean and also for pens. We then had to wait for those who had not purchased their tourist cards to do so and then join a line at the immigration desk to hand our forms and tourist cards in. Once through immigration (this took about an hour) we collected our luggage which was quite prompt and headed off to find our transfer coach. There were several men prepared to help us with our luggage and we happily tipped them a few dollars once we arrived at our coach. Our coach was small but air conditioned which was a welcome relief. We were the 3rd drop off which was nice and we had a dominican holiday rep who talked us through the journey (it is a 3rd world country but still a shock to see how they live) and provided us with basic information. Once we arrived at our hotel we were pleasantly surprised with the appearance of the lobby and reception area. Very nicely decorated with staff ready and waiting to give you a cocktail. The check in process was difficult but relatively quickly. The person that checked us in spoke very little Englisgh but we got by. So off we went to our room. Passing through the grounds of the hotel, it is truly stunning. Beautiful well kept gardens, large main swimming pool and plenty of staff around sweeping and cleaning. It was when we got to our room that the disappointment set in. We were put in Block 13 which was a great location, about 15metres from the beach, however our room was on the ground floor which was right on the public walkway. It smelt terribly damp, the toilet didnt work, the bath enamel was peeling off and the towels were dirty. I asked reception to move us, which they did without too many problems and we were moved to a room on the top floor of the same block. This room was a vast improvement and clean and tidy. Although the rooms are in terrible need of some modernisation, it is very dated and not 4 star quality at all. But it was clean which was important. We arrived quite late so once we had sorted out the room change we went for a quick explore before we got some sleep. I was surprised at how quiet the hotel was throughout our trip and I would say that it was never more than half full. The next day we went down to the beach and met a man called Glen who works for the hotel, he gave us a fresh coconut and we went for a walk along the beach. Now the beach is breathtakingly beautiful. Fantastic white sand and turquoise sea, there was always sunloungers available and plenty of shade if you dont like to sit out in the sun too long.The swimming pool is also lovely and the swim up bar is great to have. The only thing that irritated us about the pool was how loud the music was. Dont get me wrong, I like to have music in the background when I am sunbathing, however it did get to the point of being deafening which was particularly annoying. We resorted to going to the beach most days. The evening entertainment is a complete waste of time. Its all in Spanish, with the occasional english comment. It is poorly organised and while the staff work hard, it should be done by professional performers. Its not worth watching and very few English or American people do watch it. The majority of the staff speak very little English and while I know a few basic Spanish phrases, it wasnt enough to get us by. It was very frustrating sometimes. Not because they didnt speak English, I understand that they are a Spanish speaking country and I am not so ignorant as to expect people to speak my language fluently. The reason for my frustration was that I found the majority of the bar and restaurant staff to be rude and ignorant. They didnt even try to understand us and on a number of occasions whilst at the bar they would not serve us until all the Spanish and South Americans were served.Now for the food review, I will just do a quick overview :Breakfast Buffet - rubbish unless you want omelette everyday.Lunch Buffet - went once, never again.Dinner Buffet - as above - its all about quantity, not quality.Home Rum snack bar - Only serves, burgers, chips, fish fingers, and chicken portions. Although ice cream is good!Steakhouse - DONT BOTHER it was awful. We left halfway through.Mexican - Went there 3 times, and was lovely 2 out of the 3.Oriental - Went there once, not fantastic.Italian - Loved it, have the tomato soup, its fantastic.Pizza Place - Really nice, wish it was open during the day. Esmelin is a great guy, speaks very little English but he was very sweet to us.Beach Front Restaurant - We found this 3 days before the end of our holiday (not really sure why!!) and it was lovely, great selection, very fresh food, nicely presented.The only thing I would say that the majority of the food is very bland so it doesnt do much for your tastebuds!!We did 3 excursions :Saona Island - Not worth the money, the natural swimming pool is lovely but that was the best bit.Deep Sea Fishing - Saw a 50lb marlin come in, in between being sea sick. Worth it but take travel sickness pills. They dont understand what these are unless you speak spanish.Bavaro Splash - Fantastic, worth every penny. Make sure you tip your guide, they work really hard.The only other thing I wanted to mention was the hard selling that happens over there. On all of our excursions we found the locals to be very pushy and very rude when you said no. There is a small market in the hotel one evening a week and whilst they are pushy too, they are not so bad and you can chat to them. However outside the hotel, you can find yourself surrounded in a matter of senconds which can be very intimidating. We found the best thing to do was just to keep walking and keep your head down, avoiding eye contact.We tipped our maid most days and i left gifts for her too. She did a good job most days but we had to ask for extra water and clean towels sometimes.I would recommend taking antihistamines with you. The flowers that they bring into the rooms have loads of bugs on them and me and my boyfriend had several bites a day which were unbelievably itchy.Overrall, the holiday was relaxing, which is what we went for. The weather was lovely and we spent a lot of time on the beach which is the best I have seen. I would say that the holiday was ok for the price but I wouldnt go back. I dont like feeling intimidated by the locals and I felt the food needs much improvement. I might be a fussy eater but I met several other people who said the same thing.This is just my opinion, if you are going, you might have a totally different experience. Good luck.Sorry this was so long.Claire  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>sweetveee
<Content>Good food and good people make for a great vacation! I am a frequent traveler to the Dominican Republic and The Grand Flamenco was one of the nicer resorts I have stayed at. This was my second time at The Grand Flamenco, and although it is a modest resort, the food is good, the staff is excellent and it is just what you need if you have to travel on a budget. Not many of the resorts in Punta Cana are super fancy because this is a third world country, but they work very, very hard to make you feel at home. The rooms are typical for what you see in D.R., and they do need to update the amenities of their rooms. But the room was cleaned well every day and, more importantly, before noon every day. We had a small problem with the air conditioner but that was fixed immediately. When we entered the room for the first time, the maid had designed a towel into a heart and surrounded it with red flowers! What a romantic way to start a vacation with my husband! And each day she did a different design for us. (It helps to tip them $2 - $3 dollars each day and leave a small gift, like make-up or nail polish. Little samples that you get from Avon or at Macy's work perfectly.)The staff at the restaurants are so very friendly and they have a great pool and swim up bar. Sandy and Freddy are great bartenders! The entertainment staff at the pool were lots of fun to watch and chat with and they made sure everyone had a good time. One of the best things about this resort is that their main restaurant is enclosed and air conditioned really well, which is a great relief because the heat is quite strong during the day. The sportsbar/restaurant near the pool has great food and is open for most of the day. We only tried one of the specialty restaurants, The Mexican restaurant, but the food was very good and the ambiance was lovely.Basically, if you are looking for a realxing time without having to spend a small fortune, this is definetly a resort to consider.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SOPADA
<Content>dont go with high expectations Have just returned from the occidental grand flamenco on the 5th september 2006. found the location brillant, only 30 mins from airport. First opinion on arriving looks great. when you get to your room then disapointment hits. Rooms are very shabby. My son got an electric shock off the lamp due to bare wires. we contacted the management but nothing was done about it. Shower taps fall off in your hands. Bath with rust patches. Just generally shabby. Maids do there best to keep clean. Buffet dining room looks good, then you sit at a table and wait and wait. It is complete chaos. No organisation at all. Food not to a good standard, Meats under cooked. not much choice for children let alone adults. The al carte resturants are okay. but avoid the mexican, a lot of people went down sick after eating there. The people you cant not fault, full of smiles and cant do enough for you, especially if your are spanish speaking. Goodish holiday destination if you dont expect to much. I personally wouldnt use the occidental chain again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LaChicaCanadiense
<Content>Beautiful Beach, Perfect Ocean, Nice Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana for a week in late August 2006. Before we left, I read a number of the reviews on this site and was concerned by a few of the negative comments that people had made, so I had braced myself for the worst. All I have to say in reply is: what are you people complaining about??? This is a LOVELY resort with a SPECTACULAR beach, friendly staff and beautifully kept grounds.Sure, the rooms are circa 1980, but they're kept very clean, the air conditioning is COLD and there is tons of hot water. The staff is very friendly and sure, not everyone speaks the best English but you have to remember that you are in a FOREIGN COUNTRY. If you want to be somewhere where everyone speaks English, I have two words for you: STAY HOME. The food in the restaurants was pretty standard for an all-inclusive resort. Lots of variety in the buffets. The A La Carte restaurants were probably my only big disappointment with the place. The only one I would really recommend is the Italian restaurant. SKIP The Grill-- it's crap. And the Mexican and the Oriental were really nothing special-- not bad, not good either. The bartenders were GENEROUS with the alcohol in the mixed drinks, which was great (although watch out-- having only 2 drinks at this place is the alcohol-content equivalent of about 4).The pool was lovely and large, the swim up bar was a fun feature. There were lots of activities and music, both in the pool and on the beach. My husband and I spent most of our time just soaking up the sun and swimming and drinking, but if you're inclined to be more active, I can't see how you could be bored at this place.And of course, the highlight of the place is THE BEACH. Powder-white sand, turquoise water, beach-bar just a few steps away. It was spectacular. Perfect for sun-bathing and swimming.Over all, my husband and I had a fabulous time. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>daboja
<Content>I can wait to go again !               More photos  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dee9
<Content>Sunlovers paradise My boyfriend and I arrived in early July 2006. We had a swift trip through the airport which amazed me given the number of people there. The hotel reception desk staff are well manned and we were not kept waiting. My boyfriend can speak Spanish and this does help. This is after all a Spanish speaking country why complain about it the whole holiday ? If you dont like it dont go there. The key to a good holiday here is to be polite at all tiimes and you will be treated with respect in return. We were saddend by the amount of rude people we encountered and they were not staff.The food was very varied, speciality restaurants very good but you must book early into your holiday. Bar staff never kept us waiting long for a drink, William on the beach is a friendly guy. Dont bother with the special lobster restaurant which is advertised via a boat trip its a total rip off and the food is less than average.Rooms very clean, very large but very tired, needs a revampHorse riding trip was poorly run the horses were on their last legs and would not be made to suffer like this in the UK. Beaches are beautiful, clean. Overal a good holiday if your a sun worishipper then ideal. If you like to get out and see the country a little then this place will not be for you. Hope this helps  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Churtal
<Content>an enjoyable holiday We have returned from the Occidential Grand Flamenco, Punta Cana 2nd August we stayed there for 2 weeks. It has beautiful well maintained gardens and pool areas, a fantastic beach the sea is lovely and warm. I have seen complaints about the food, these people must be very fussy eaters. The food was good during our stay, there is a wide choice, the only problem we found about the food is was not always piping hot. We ate what we fancied and none of us got any up-set stomachs during our stay. Sometime it was busy in the main buffet at certain times, which did mean you might not get a drink straight away, but chill its a holiday no need to rush. There were some nationalities thet don't know the meaning of 'wait your turn' and would push in front of you whilst waiting for you omlette to be cooked they would especially push in front of our children (HOW RUDE!!! that is all i will say on that matter)The room's are of a large size and the decor is a little dated however, they are kept very clean.We always had hot water and the A/C was a little noisy but it work very well. We had a junior suite which is fantastic for a family, which we are. We left between 2- 5 $ per day and I took gifts for the staff e.g tooth brushes, make-up, false nails, toiletries, pencils and crayons etc which i gave out don't and forget the gardeners, they work very long hours to keep the garden looking fantastic. In return we were left spirts, wine, beer and lovely flower  towel decorations. All the staff were friendly, apart from the staff on reception, we found them to be rude and they did not speak very good English (or they made out they didn't). Don't go there if you do have a problem, go to the guest services near the amusement area in the lobby. We tried all the different restraunts we like the orential the best (no children allowed under 18 yrs though) Luckly our children are old enough to be left alone for a hour or so. They went to the pizza place and the waiter was aware we we were in the orential and he said he would serve them and watch them, which he did. Even though they are old enough and sensible it was nice of him to offer.Go and visit William the bar man in the beach bar hut, he his a GREAT man. You can see he enjoys his job, which is great for a man who is away from his family for long periods of time. If you treat them how you want to be treated they have a great deal of respect for you. I have read on other trip advisors reviews that they had things stollen, I was worried about this, but we had nothing taken and we heard of no others having any problems, during our stay. The evening entertainment was poor and mainly in Spanish, we were expecting professional shows, it was the day enterainment staff that also did the evening shows, they worked hard and well to their ability. It is the hotels fault they need to bring in professional acts of an evening. Luckly we met some great people therfore, we spent most evenings chatting and made are own entertainment. We all enjoyed our time in the Dominican and i would go back to this hotel, happy holidays  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	2	5	3	2	4	3	

<Author>pinkjen
<Content>Truely Wonderful Holiday Just got back from Dom Rep, wish I was still there! Amazing holiday, loved every minute.We booked our holiday back in January and I was slightly worried by the reviews I had read on here, but all I can say is dont believe them!!! We arrived about 2pm and admittedly the airport (as lovely as it looks) was a bit of a nightmare. We filled in our blue forms on the plane, but still had to queue to buy the immigration card (I think its call this) for $10, then queue to hand again to hand in the blue form, this took about 40 minutes. The journey to the hotel was fun, got to see the local area and people. Our hotel was the 5th stop I think and took about 30 minutes. On arrival to the hotel, check in took about 5 minutes and we headed straight to our room. We stayed in block 12 which was perfect! Ideal location, half way between the main building/buffet/main pool and the beach/beach pool (where we spent most of our time!).The room was fine, nice and clean. The bathroom was all in working order, a little dated but still perfectly functioning! We left a tip of about $1 for the maid everyday or a few items like colouring pencils etc. The staff are amazing! Lots of fun and always willing to help! We never had to wait to get drinks at the bar, and you have to understand that the buffet does get extremely busy, even so we had staff falling at our feet to clean up quickly! The food was yummy, especially breakfast....too much of it! So much choice! For lunch we always ate at the Beach buffet. Again lots of food and choice. For dinner:Buffet - lots of variety but it seems to be pretty repetitive, but I always found something I liked, and Im a picky eater!Pizza- very yummy and again quick serviceMexican- lots of fun and good choices! We ate the Fajitas and Enchiladas which were very niceItalian - so much choice, the creamy pasta sauces are very rich! Grill- If you like lots of meat great, not one of my favourites thoughOriental - I didnt get the chance to eat here but others in my party loved it! Said it was the best! You have to book the restaurants (other than the Pizza and Buffet), but we never had any trouble booking. The beach is amazing! Clean turqouise water and white sand! The beach pool is great too! We decided to leave towels at the pool to reserve a hut for shade, but it was never busy and we never had a problem getting chairs at the pool or beach. We didnt try the main pool so not sure about there. We tried pool aerobics and aerobics on the beach....great fun! The fun club staff are great at their jobs! We stayed up for most of the evening shows which was fun. The dancers are great, and always kept you entertained. During the day staff come round with a little monkey, snake, iguana and parrots, they also take family pictures which is a nice souvenier! Overall, I cannot fault this hotel. It was perfect for us and we are glad we didnt let other reviews cloud our judgement. I would recomment this hotel for everyone. My party thoroughly enjoyed themselves and hope to return next year!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LVheating
<Content>Nice Place, Great Beach and Pool, Poor food and english To start the hotel, the pools, and the beach are excellent. I was very unhappy with the food. I took only shorts with me and found out when I got there that I could not go to the restraunts without long pants, only could eat at the buffet. We stayed from monday august 14, 2006 to friday august 18, 2006. I stayed in building 24 room 216. The room was nice, high ceilings, but the bathroom could use remodeling. The ceiling was soffit, americans use outside under our overhangs on our house. The tub faucet was old and hangs out of the wall. The tub was rusting on the outside. The room has a card with controls the lights and a/c. We had no problem with the maid removing the card, but I heard some people did, I am paying for the room and expect the room to be cool when I get back. Our maid was maria and didn't speak engish but was a great housekeeper. I was not impressed with the shows since I only speak english and the shows and songs are in spanish. The buffet is very slow in serving drinks, since it is not self serve. The workers in the restraunt do not speak english, so good luck trying to get something other than water, do not drink the water other than bottled water, there is a sign on the mirror in the bathroom showing not to drink tap water. The food was very poor, I talked with several people there and they even said how bad the food was. It's pretty bad when the scrambled eggs taste bad. Lots of lamb, frog. and different fish. I have been to Arubu,Jamacia, St. Thomas, and always found american food in the buffets, but not here. The hotel staff was very friendly but in spanish, not many people speak english, I was very fustrated with not understanding them. I would not go back to Punta Cana again, but it's a very nice hotel, grounds, pools, and beach.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>Winnie64
<Content>Ice Water in Hell We stayed at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana 8/5/06 - 8/12/06. Let's first say that, I read all the negative reviews and decided to be open minded and take a chance. Boy am I sorry. Let's start at the airport. We flew First class on NW6168 into Punta Cana. We filled out all the required papers before arriving at the airport. Because we were First class we were one of the first passengers off the plane. We thought that was a good thing. After arriving into the airport we had to stand in line to buy a Tourist Card for $10. No one told us this, I just saw a guy in a booth and asked him what I needed to do. After that, we waited in another line over 30 minutes. As we got closer to the front, we noticed that people were filling out more paper work. Well, the 4 papers we filled out on the airplane were the wrong COLOR. Same paper but not BLUE, so we both had to redo all the same information. After that, there is a guy who takes the $10 Tourist Card, we just bought 40 minutes earlier, and we are allowed to get our luggage.Well, as if that wasn't enough. We're looking for VIP Transportation, which we booked directly through Occidental. No one knew who we were and said we couldn't have flown in on Northwest. So I finally realized that, although our ticket was booked on Northwest, it was actually a Continental Airlines flight. Who knew that made a difference? Once I gave them a Continental Airlines flight number they were willing to talk to me. Meanwhile, I'm showing them all my receipts, confirmation information, etc, but that made no difference. So 30 minutes later, they put us on a bus. After sitting down for less than 5 minutes we were asked to get off the bus. We were told we'd have to wait for the next bus. By now we're pretty --- off, and decide to take a taxi. He assures us we will wait only 5 more minutes and he was right. The driver loaded our bags, I showed him our receipt with the hotel name and told him there were 2 properties and which one we were staying at. Well, I guess it was our fault as well. Because we let him drive off before verifying we were at the right hotel and had to pay a taxi to drive us 25 minutes away to the right one.Now for the hotel. We stayed in Building 24 room 314. It was midway of the beach and theatre where they had live entertainment every night. We requested 1 king bed and were told that because we didn't get there untl 5pm we were stuck with 2 doubles pushed together. The toilet didn't work and although we reported it several times, no one ever came to fix it. It would flush properly every 2 - 3 flushes. Well, that may not have been a big deal if we both hadn't gotten sick off the food by Day 3, and had to spend much more time than anticipated in the room. On Day 2, I had an allergic reaction to something at dinner and was on Benadryl all week. I was covered in hives and a word to the wise. Bring allergy medicine. I'm 41 years old and have only had a food allergy once in my life. I've always been able to eat anything I want and never had to worry so this was very surprising to me. Needless to say, I was somewhat prepared and had brought 3 tablets, just enough to get me through the night until the store opened. A box of Benadryl costs $32, so I guess it is a hot seller at this hotel. All week, we would try a different restaurant and still end up back in the room sick. Not quite the way we pictured our first romantic vacation as a couple together. We were extremely dissapointed and tried to make the best of a bad situation. As far as the room, it was very dated but clean. We only had hot water 3 out of 8 days. We had to take cold showers the other days. I guess we were lucky because we met a couple who didn't have ANY water from noon until after midnight. The picture on the TV wasn't very clear and some channels wouldn't come in at times. We had read the reviews and knew to bring washcloths, which was a good thing, We also tipped the maid every day and it never made a difference. Some days we had to go find her because we hadn't received any towels and/or beverages in the fridge. Everyday we left a tip of at least a dollar along with asorted toiletries which I had read they really appreciate. Good luck, but it did nothing for us. All in all, I can honestly say this was the worst vacation I've ever been on and I am well traveled. I've been to Germany, France, Korea, Maui, Oahu, Kona, Jamaica, Cancun, St. Kitts, Antigua and the Bahamas. And I've never had a problem with the food . I also nne dto add that if you don't speak Spanish, you will have difficulty at this hotel. We tried to get a wake up call and couldn't. Maybe we called at the wrong time but it happened several nights. They seem to know English when it is convenient, but only speak Spanish if you have a problem.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunshine90
<Content>Awesome Vacation               More photos  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>aeholmes02
<Content>Wonderful Experience My husband and I stayed at the Occidental Grand for a summer getaway. We were there for 5 days and stayed on the first floor of building 26. This was the perfect location. We had a wonderful view of the ocean, convenient to the beach but not too far from dining, and quite. Room service was excellent, we left $3 a day and received extra drinks and flowers on our bed each day. Rooms are very spacious. Beach is beautiful. Never had a problem getting chairs, like some said. Meals were OK. We did not like the food expect in the specialty restaurants. Unfortunately when we arrived there was no space available in the specialty restaurants for the first 3 nights. We did eat at the Italian restaurant, Pizza, and Asian.The specialty restaurants are amazing, go get reservations IMMEDIATLY after arriving. We also paid $30 pp and went on a 2 hour horseback riding excursion. This was worth the extra and gave us the opportunity to see some of the island and get off the resort. We thought this hotel was wonderful and would recommend in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emzibbert
<Content>Best Holiday Ive Ever Been On This is the best holiday ive ever been on and ive been to alot of places before but nowhere can beat there.The highlight of the holiday was the beach it was amazing. It was so clear and the sand was clean. The staff are also friendly they always give you a holla when they go past. The spa was great to i had all my hair braided which looked amazing!. The pool and swim up bar were spectacular. You just cant get a better place than this!. The food was good at breakfast and dinner time, at night i wasnt as keen because im a fussy eater but the pizza place is great. The entertainment was average they get you going. You can never have enough to drink or eat its just great. I would deffinetly recommend this to anyone its fab!!!!!.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cmblourenco
<Content>Reasonable Hotel Good pool, great beach and nice people but they are very bad to speak english ,slow in the restaurant services and someone went to my room and stole 20 euros (+/- 23 US $ ). i had no bugs in my room but the bathroom its kinda poor, i have in portugal 3 stars hotel with better bathroom.Nice place to stay but be carefull with your money.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dlinnc
<Content>worst vacation ever My husband, self and college aged daughter returned from this vacation yesterday 08/03/06. We arrived on 07/29/06 at 3:00pm their advertised check in time, however we did not get our room until 4:30 pm. We were given our key and no assistance was offered with our bags. We were in bldg 22 room 219. The room was outdated but clean. The ac did not work and after 2 days of constant calling. complaining and finally throughing a temper trantrum we were moved to another room that reeked of smoke however the ac worked so we did'nt push our luck. Now on to the food. The buffets are horrible. The Italian and Oriental restaurants are ok. We had a very hard time making reservations and again had to resort to throughing a temper tantrum to get reservations, which is ridiculous because we paid a lot of money for this vacation. Now on to the bars. When ordering your drink don't forget to ask for liquor or you won't get any. We had good and bad bartenders. We had good and bad wait staff. We tipped according to services received although we were told it was included in our package. Our maid serivice was fine. The groundkeepers work very hard and that is why the beach and pool are the best features of this property. The spa is wonderful. If you're currently looking to purchase an all inclusive package steer clear of this property because you'll be very disappointed. If you've already purcahsed a pacakage and are stuck with it do as we did ,make the best of it and learn from your bad experience and trust the bad reviews next time. Oh, and by the way this is the only bad review of a property I have ever given. I would'nt normally take the time to complain but this property really has a lot of nerve calling itself a 4 star hotel, at best it is a 2 star hotel. We could'nt wait to get home and will never return.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>khall
<Content>not willing to help I traveled here with 15 people, and I belong to AVC. When we arrived it was very nice. What I did not like about the room was the lighting, it was very, very dark. We also requested wash cloths and never recieved any. Some days we only had 3 towels and we were a family of 5. The staff in the buffet was not very willing to seat 15 people, until we tip them. A lot of the staff did not speak English, I understand that I went to D.R and that is a spanish speaking country, but it is also a tourist spot. I felt the staff was very slow and we requested things often. The pool, beach and the grounds were outstanding. I read some of the other reviews about how people were robbed and the credit cards were stolen, that did not happen to us. Thank God.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>sms241
<Content>A lot of good, a lot more bad We just returned from this hotel yesterday. We wanted to give our comments while they were fresh.Good:Beach - The best part of the resort. Beatiful palm trees on soft sandy beach with plenty of room for everyone. Get up early to get a tiki hut (6:30), you will want it as the sun is very strong. Water is beautiful turquiose and warm. Note for families: There are a lot of europeans and this area had women sunbathing topless.Pool - Two beautiful pools that were well maintained. Nice swim up bar too.Service - Unlike some reviews, we found that the staff was freindly and helpful. Those who came in contact with guests spoke English. Others did not. We checked in and out quickly with no problems. Facility/Grounds: Guest areas were well maintained and clean. This does not mean new. This resort is older and has not been updated.Bad:Food - Definitely the worst part of our trip. Food was bland and looked like many times was reused if left over. Any dairy products will make you sick (it got one of us). The restaurant food was no better than the buffets. If you like eating on your vacation, this place needs to be taken off your list. Tip - if you want reservations to a restaurant, they have to be made at the front desk in the morning; they will tell you they are all full but a few dollars magically opens them all up.Entertainment - 80's cruise ship style at best. There are differnet shows every night using the exact same cast, and most of the evening it is getting the audience to do things that will put anyone to sleep. And it is all in spanish.Rooms - Need to be updated, especially the bathrooms. Shopping - There is a shopping mall (if you can call it that) about a ten minute walk away. Every store sells the same stuff, and it wasn't good. You can haggle over prices, but everything is inflated to take that into consideration.Overall, it was worth the trip for the beach. We would not go back however, because the food was simply that bad.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>georgevici
<Content>GRATE PLACE FOR YOUR VACATION       the beach  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>dana4444
<Content>Great Hotel- Warning!!!! Don't make a call with your credit card! Before I write a review of the hotel I want to warn all travelers about the phone service charge. This has nothing to do with the hotel itself but the international phone company listed on the phones. I'm assumming this is a problem at other hotels and tourist locations as well. The phone in the room listed an 800 number (I think it was called telecommmunications services or something...the customer service number is 1800-576-5402). I wanted to make a 3 minute phone call to let my family know that I arrived safely. I was charged a connection fee by the hotel of only $1 but when I got my credit card statement I had a charge of $41 for this phone call. I literally was on the phone for 3 minutes and this is the result. I called my credit card company to investigate and they gave me the number I listed above. The customer service rep from the telephone company told me that there is a connection fee of anywhere between $10-$15 for international calls and then up to $6/minute for the call. They also count the first 5 minutes regardless if you were on the phone for 5 minutes. The man on the phone said that there is an operator available upon request if you wanted to know the fees. Although this may be true it is not an automated option when you are dialing and I'm pretty sure that the phone did not list any information about fees. I was told that using a calling card may be your best option. Check with your tour rep if you go.Now that I'm done ranting I will say that the hotel was beautiful and the beach was great. Most tourists are European and very few speak English but that is part of the fun. It is helpful if you know some basic Spanish phrases. The pools were great and the swim up bar was nice too. We went July and although the weather channel called for scattered storms all week it only rained for a few minutes on two of the days. The buffets are ok but they get old after a few days so try to make reservations in the specialty restaurants as soon as you get there. The specialty restaurants are delicious. The beach has wonderful white sand and turquoise water. This was my fourth time to Punta Cana and the second time staying at the Occidental so I obviously would recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rosabel
<Content>wonderfullll hotel and service was great, fantastico, nos hizimos miembros y ya reservamos three more rooms for next september, the mangos club is buenisimo, we meet great an fun peple from diferent countries en europa, England- france-spain.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelteam01
<Content>Beautiful Resort with friendly staff and great amenities!!! Just got back. Stayed July 13 - 16, 2006. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The grounds are beautiful. Well kept and someone is always sweeping and cleaning. The beach is beautiful and clean. The rooms are spacious. We got a double but three of us stayed in it. The bed was extremely comfort. I slept like a baby. The hotel gave us a spare bed and with the spare bed in it, it was still spacious. The bathroom is humongous. The water pressure was not that great but I hear that's to be expected on beach front hotels. The food was delicious carribbean/spanish food. Lots of pumpkin, lamb, and pork. Most of the food is cooked using olive oil so if your not accustomed to it, it may taste strange. Lots of variety of fruit. The Ala Carte restaurants are always booked so make sure you make reservations as soon as you get there. We tried but were only able to get into one of the restaurants. The buffet restaurants are fine though. The people are the friendliest and nicest I've ever encountered. Although the maids and bellboys speak little English all the tour guides and hotel workers speak English. Some not only speak English but French as well. The pools are well kept and there is never any problem getting, towels, beach chairs or shaded areas. There is no need to exchange money because the US$ rules there. My only complaint is check in. It took one hour and a half. Make sure you have all your paperwork They might try to give you a gardenview instead of an oceanview if you don';t have proof. They tried it with us but it didn't work and we got what we paid for (oceanview). Not very organized, but once in it was wonderful. Please don't let the negative reviews scare you the place is WONDERFUL!!! Be prepared to walk because the property is hudge. Didn't get to try all the tours but the parasailing and banna boat was fun. We also went on the Carnival Cruise (i think that's what it was called) where they take you snorkeling. GREAT. I would definately go back. Have fun!!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PR25
<Content>Terrible Customer Service       main lobby  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just returned, some advice We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco from7-07 to 7-10 and these are my thoughts. Airport in Punta Cana- When you arrive you will walk into the airport and fill out an immigration form (bring a pen) and pay your entry fee of $10. You will then go claim your baggage and this is where you need to be careful. There will be porters that want to carry your luggage for you DO NOT LET THEM. What will happen is they will not take you to your shuttle, but instead will load your bags into a private taxi that will cost you big $$$. What you need to do is keep your bags and find the rep for the tour company you are using. They will tall what shuttle to get on . At this point either take your bags or use the porters.Check in- Be prepared for a long wait. What more can I say? Just hang in there and think about the fun you will soon be having. It took us an hour. One more thing, they have a cart that takes you and your luggage to the room. If there are alot of people waiting, I would suggest that you look at the map and take your own bags to the room. The wait can be very long and your room is not that far.Room- We stayed in building 12 which is not that close to anything. It was spacios and had a king bed. There will be a card attached to your room key, take it off the ring and stick it in the slot inside your room to turn on the power and a/c. The room was ok. The mini fridge diddn't work but everything else did. If you need anything or even if you don't go ahead and tip the maid each day. I would leave $5 and a note evryday. They will go the extra mile for you. Or maid would even go out and pick flowers and leave them on the bed. There is nan ice bucket in the room but no ice machine. Get ice from the bar if you need it. Also in the room are iron, hair dryer, umbrella and toilletries. No washcloths, bring your own.Resort- It is very lush and beautiful. The pools, grounds and beach are amazing. Coconut trees and flowers everywhere. We liked the pool that is closest to the beach. It was less crowded and we had no trouble getting an umbrella. The beach is great and chairs and umbrellas were not a problem there either. Bring a large insulated coffee cup for your drinks. Also bring some beach towels, there is a $50 charge if you lose one of the resorts towels. Food- There is something for everyone at the buffet. I thought it was pretty good. We ate in the maxican and italian restaurants. the mex was fair, the italian was teriible. There is also a pizza place that we didn't try. You will find something you like if you look for it.Bottom line- If you go with the intention to have a good time then you will. Any problems we had were minor and not worth getting upset about. The staff was friendly and did a good job. Learn a little spanish and you will have no problems. For the money this resort is a good choice. If you want a higher level of food and service then go to a 5 star resort such as Paradissus.. Last thing, if being around smoke is a problem, do not go to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tanned1
<Content>Excellent Trip!       building layout  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time!!!!!! We just came back this morning from occidental Flamenco at Punta Cana. We are a family of three with 15 year old girl. Stay for five night.Airport: As soon as you arrive you must complete some form and paid $10.00 per person. There ware a line but move fast. The way to hotel took about 35 minutes in a good road.Check in: Only two other family in the line, so it takes about 10 minutes to check in. They gave you the key and one card per person to get the towels at the beach. Room: We were on building 10 near the lobby area. I like this location because is near all the restaurant and the night entertainment. So you don't have to walk a lot at night. The room was old. There some broken things in the bathroom but it was very clean. I think this hotel needs to makes to there room as soon as possible. In the room they put two beds together (I think to queen but no sure) and a little couch. My daughter end up sleeping and one of the beds because the couch was very uncomfortable. There a fridge and an iron.As soon as we arrive tip the maid and gave her son cloths for ironing. It was very inexpensive, so this in a good alternative to relax and enjoy all your vacation time without ironing. Overall all the things work and as another people said we don鈥檛 spend a time there.Food: I l love the food at the beach buffet for lunch. A lot of choices. The night buffet was great. The restaurant had an excellent layout and service. You got the choice to dine outside and the very end of the restaurant. We make reservations to the a la carte restaurant as soon as we arrive. The oriental was full for the next two weeks so we didn't had the chance to try it. The Italian was ok the Mexican was better, but to long to wait. I recommend to stay at the buffet. There is a place for empanadas, there ware very good. Our daughter love the burgers at the sport bar and grill. Overall the food was great.Entertainment: The entertainment staff were a lot of fun. But the program was very disappointed. They need a more active program to keep the people having fun. For example the entertainment at the beach stared at 3:00. There no music at all until that time. If you like to laid down at the beach without noise you would like that. we didn't like the night shows at all. We Cruise a lot and there no way you could compare to the shows on a cruise. As I told you, the entertainment people to their best. I think is a administrative problem. They are so friendly with the guest that you end up calling them by their name. If you like to party, don鈥檛 miss the Mangu discotheque.Beach: Is a beautiful beach. Never had a problem to find a right spot. There many activities taking place there. They rent a little catamaran for two people that is in the all inclusive packaged. Also you could use kayaks, windsurf. There parasailing available at extra cost. Only saw one vendor in 4 days. Pool: Beautiful too. There a main pool with a bar right in the water.Bars: There one in the lobby, the beach, the beach buffet, near the show area, near the a la carte restaurant. The pool and beach bars closed at 6:00 so if you like extra time at the beach m ake sure to get e refill before 6:00. Try the Tiki Tiki drink, is Vodka, Amaretto and passion fruit. The serve it frozen, very good. We took insulated cup so the drinks stay coolCheck Out: Very easy no line at all.In general we like this hotel. we find a good deal and think that you get what you paid for. Is we find another deal we get back anytime.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Credit Cards Stolen @ Grand Flamenco We returned home on June 24th, and on Monday, June 26th received a call from our bank stating unusual activity on our account. It turns out that there were fraudulent charges in the total amount of $1870 using our ATM card number in Brazil. We are Allegro Vacation Club owners and stayed in the Royal Club at Grand Flamenco Punta Cana from 6/17/06 through 6/24/06. On the first day, we put our wallets and personal items in the safe. Our wallets stayed in the safe the entire week. We did not use our credit/debit cards at all. We believe someone came into our room, opened the safe, and copied the numbers from our credit cards. We now have to cancel all of our credit/debit cards, in addition to bouncing checks because the thief used our checking debit card. We travel for vacation 4 times a year, and have been doing this for the past 15 years. This is the first time this has ever happened to us. The security in the Occidental certainly leaves something to be desired. We believe someone who worked at the hotel with a master key to our room and safe entered our room and stole our credit card numbers. We had heard this happen to a colleague who used an ATM in DR, but assumed it was an isolated case. This has really put a black cloud on an otherwise enjoyable vacation and will prevent us from going there again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Resort and Beach BEAUTIFUL.....Food and Service "POOR" My husband and I just returned from the Occidental Grand Punta Cana. We were basically looking for a relaxing getaway for a few days. We were looking forward to the all-inclusive deal with unlimited food and drink. The resort itself was magnificent. The grounds are kept up nicely and the beach was pristine. Our room was spacious although we did have a leak in the roof that we discovered upon returning to our room after a rain storm when water was in puddles on one of the end tables by the bed. The shower was also very small. Luckily, we both kept our expectations for the food quality on the lower end of the scale because it left much to be desired. While the variety at the main buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner was decent, the quality of the food was poor. The cuts of meat were not prime by any US standards. The fruits and vegetables weren't the freshest either. There were also many mystery food choices. As for the restaurants, the first thing that bothered us was the process around making dinner reservations. On our first day, we didn't arrive until 3:30pm and because check-in was extremely slow, we missed the window of opportunity to secure dinner reservations in any of the restaurants because guests must make reservations between 1pm and 4pm. We had no choice but to eat in the buffet room that first night. Sometimes when we went to the reservations desk during the hours they require, no one was even at the desk to help us. We ate in both the Mexican restaurant (La Hacienda) and the Italian place (Via Veneto) and the food at both was substandard. The chicken in the fajitas at La Hacienda was a very bad cut probably from the thighs and had a lot of fat and small bones in it. Regarding the staff, we have travelled to many Carribbean destinations and did not find the staff at the hotel to be overly friendly or accomodating. Service in the restaurants and buffets was not that good either. So to sum up, while the resort and beach itself was very beautiful and very relaxing, I would not return to the Occidental Grand Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Not Return We stayed at the occidental June 17-24. Everyone wears wrist bands and the other couple we went with has a timeshare with Allegro resorts. This was there first time going to this resort as ours and we were considered memebers (VIP) with black wristbands. How disappointing, our treatment was bad. We requested king beds for each rooms and we both recieved two double beds pushed together. One of our rooms was a smoking room as we requested non-smoking. We went back to the front desk and asked for king beds and there response was that they did not have king beds at the resort at all. It was just a way for them to get rid of us. On our 2nd to last day we saw some rooms being cleaned with king beds. The rooms were outdated but ok. The staff is very RUDE and not customer service friendly. The food was not good at all, I was starving. The buffet had the same nasty food in it everyday for lunch and dinner. Our friends said that the resort in Mexico that they normally stay at has a theme every dinner instead of the same thing everyday for lunch and dinner. Breakfast was very americanized, but after that it was nasty. The waiter at the buffet would not bring drinks to our table so I went to the little bar where all the waiters were getting their drinks and he yelled at me and told me to go back to my seat. All I wanted was something to drink. The resturants had very slow service but a lot better than the buffet. We always had to flash some American money to be served drinks after sitting there for 20 min. The pools were beautiful, the grounds were well maintained, and the beach was awsome. Not alot of people spoke english so it was very hard to communicate with anyone. We went on one excusion which was awsome. It was where we rented mini boats and snorkled. Outside of the resort, it was so dirty. There was garbage everywhere. So much pollution it will almost make you sick to your stomach. It was all in all an OK time, we had fun but would not return to this resort.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were also robbed After reading the review of the people form Nova Scotia being robbed, I had to respond. I had already written a review of our incident back in march of this year but so many people give reviews that it was not on the top reviews for long. We were also robbed, however it was out of our locked safe. Long story short, the manager gave us a key the nite that we got there and made us pay for it then (??) The key looked like a normal house key. We were broken into the following nite somewhere between 7pm and 11 pm. When the same manager came to investigate, he promptly gave us another lock, but this key was different. It was two sided and much more difficult to replicate. Hhhhmmm, strange huh? We got a total run around from the staff and managers, our report that we did with the security guard mysteriously went missing, and we kept being told to come back later. We lost about 600$ american in the ordeal. I am sorry that this happened to another fellow Canadian, however, it goes to show that it was not an isolated incident. BE WARNED. Athough it probably won't happen to you ( the seem to give it a bit of time before they do it again) they seem to have a inside job that pays them very well. I really dont think that people should visit this resort for the simple reason that although it doesnt happen to everyone, it is happening there. This should not be allowed to continue.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tedl
<Content>Good Value Returned from Gran Flamenco on July 1st. Here's a quick summary;Airport and transportation; We came at a bad time, about 4 pm, pouring rain, 2 to 3 other planes arrived about the same time putting a real strain on this small airport. Finally got our luggage and took the 30 minute ride to the hote, interesting note the bus driver is now asking for a tip-hmmm.Check-in; It was fine, bell boys where helpful and the counter staff relatively. I had emailed the hotel requesting 2nd or 3rd floor, staff claimed they did not receive it and we ended up on the 1st floor.Room; The age of the property is starting to show, the washroom tub has lots of rust, shower nozzle barely working, etc. But on the positive side the room is large, clean and everything worked (how, I don't know).Pools; There are 3 large pools plus the Royal Club pool, all are clean with lots of chairs.Beach; Best part of the complex, sand is just right, cleaned regularly lots of chairs.Bars; there's two bars on the beach, a beach bar just past the Royal Club beach area and within the beach restaurant. There's martini bar from 5 to 10pm, they have top shelf vodka under the bar-so ask for it. There the main bar in the lobby, one by the show room, an upstairs bar by the pizza place and all the restaurants will serve you drinks. There's a serve your own coffee by the main bar.Restaurants; Our favourite was the Italian, order the veal. We lliked the buffet restarant-except on the weekend when the locals arrive and take over the complex. I heard the Mexican was ok, but it's at the Home Run restaurant which isn't air conditioned, and therefore too hot for us.Disco: Great I heard, never stayed up long enough to make it.Sports; Tne tennis courts are good, nice nets good clay. Beach volleyball was pretty inconsistent, dependent on the quality of players. Beach soccer is popular, and all the usual dance lessons and arobics.Overall; We enjoyed our holiday. The where pleasant and as helpful as they could be.Watch Out; The locals begin coming Friday evening, so you'll find the buffet restaurant packed, lots of small kids running aroung using their outdoor voice, indoors. Suggest you book a restaurant on Friday and Sunday evening, lunch at the beach or Home Run.Leaving; The airport is fine, Terminal 2 has better air conditioning. If you're buying rum, coffee- buy it at one of the stores, top of the run rum is about 7 to 8 US/litre, coffee-$3 us/pd.Hope this helps,  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>derya
<Content>Not as bad as some of the reviews say it is My husband and I stayed at the occidental grand flamenco in june 2006. It is not in punta cana as stated in the reviews it is in playa dorado, near puerta plata - in the north.The reviews for this hotel are very mixed. I was quite put off before I left for the dominican republic.However, we had a great holiday. Mind you the hotel is not really four star I would rate it as a three star. We stayed in block 11. The room was fine but the bedding was old and faded and really needs to be updated. The towels were degrained and they looked like a dirty cream as opposed to white. However, they were clean.The are lots of excursions to suit everyone in this area. I would advise that you go to the plaza ( a five minute walk from the hotel) and book with one of the operators inside the plaza. You will get exactly the same trips as the reps are selling but at a cheaper rate. We went on the adventure buggy tour which was an all day excursion. 2 hours on brand new VW buggys and 2 hours on horse back. It was fantastic. You can book this trip before you go direct with the Belgium owners. The staff at the hotel were all really nice and they could not do enough for you.The biggest downfall was the weekends. The hotel was overrun with Dominican families (mostly from Santa Dominica). Unfortunately they did not behave like the staff. They were very loud and they were quite ignorant. Many of their children were very cheeky. They filled the restaurants and the children handled lots of the foods in the buffet. After the first weekend my husband and I made sure that we booked excursions for the following weekend as we did not want to remain at the hotel while the dominican families were there. The hotel became a circus on the weekends which was a shame.I was quite diappointed when we first arrived at the hotel and I did consider requesting a change of hotel. However, after the first couple of days we were happy to stay. The grounds of the hotel are kept spotlessly clean as is the rest of the hotel. The food is ok but like everywhere else it gets repetative. Nevertheless there is quite a selection so everyone should be able to find something that they like. It was certainly worth the money that we paid for the trip.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible service, excellent beach and food I give this hotel a 3 1/2 star. The staff really didnt care about you. At one point I saw one of the bell staff spitting in the sink in the lobby washroom. They missed my wake up call and didn't apologize. I was also told I could not have a meal at the a la carte restaurant because they had already cooked too many veggie meals. Some people in our party had a male staff member walk into their room and take towels out of the bathroom. I tried to use a calling card, and the front desk agent said he didnt know how I could use it, yet when I called an hour later, the same person was willing to assist me. The staff at this place really could not care any less about you. However, the food is fantastic, the beach is breathtaking, the pools are incredible, the grounds are immaculate and the rooms are sufficient. Go because it's beautiful and the food is great but do not expect any kind of service at all.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>le-canuck
<Content>Sorry to give it a thumbs down Here I go submitting my annual review of my vacation spot. I find these reviews so helpful, so I feel I should also give back- but this time, unfortunately it's a negative review.Luckily this is all subjective so one person's hell is another's paradise!My boyfriend and I are in our 30's (and maybe getting pickier!!) and didn't find this hotel up to a 4 star comparison. I have stayed at several 4 (and 5) star hotels in the Mayan Riviera, Cuba, and San Andres, and this is my first time in the Dominican, and I probably won't return.I thought the airport was a zoo, disorganized, and really with unpleasant service.The transport to the hotel didn't take much longer then 30 minutes (great) but the check-in must have taken between 2-3 hours, and this was with the premium club. Everyone was complaining, and lots of complaints about the rooms. We tried to change ours (maybe you have to make a smart request through your travel agent) but to no avail and we're fairly polite quiet people so we don't make a fuss. (Note: Those with bottom floor rooms near theentrances had their rooms flooded when we had heavy rains last week. You may want to steer clear of these rooms.)The food was ok, I'd say there's definitely something for everyone. But, again- service really really leaves something to be desired and the main cafeteria was an absolute zoo.What we thought was good was the steak house I think called La Reces or something. Great if you're a meat lover. The outdoor pizza restaurant (Fontana) was nottoo bad, and the empanadas were also pretty good. (Sort of a fast food window.)My boyfriend found burgers etc.. at the sports bar area beside the main pool on the last day. The Italian restaurant would have been ok, but took 2 hours to receive our meals! Again, LOTS of people complaining around us.We had fun at the disco (free entrance) and enjoyed the martini bar in the lobby. We took only 2 excursions, the Catalina Island with Altos de Chavon (~95$) and the aquatic excursion (~62$) both overpriced but enjoyable enough overall, in our opinions. We were discouraged by the time it supposedly takes to get to Santo Domingo, or we would have done that. This is a very very old city in the New World and since we probably won't go back to the Dominican- we felt we should have taken advantage to see this city nonetheless. (History lovers may be interested.)As for the pools, I thought they were nice. The beach is also nice BUT it was quite wavy when we were there and the visibility is NOT good. Not good for a snorkeller. Our excursions did have snorkelling, which was ok. Overall, we didn't like the hotel as our room (and washroom) was yucky for a few reasons, we thought the service was pretty bad overall (yes, we are tippers, speak a little Spanish, smile and are polite), the beach too wavy, the hotel a bit of a zoo, the airport staff rude, and we worried about the malaria warnings on the government health sites, and I could go on actually. If you're already booked- I'm sure you'll find enough to make your vacation a positive one as we did. If not, depending on your tastes, you may want to reconsider. (I'd say this hotel is good for families and budget travellers.)As for ourselves, a vacation is a vacation and we managed to enjoy ourselves BUT we won't go back to this hotel, to Punta Cana, and likely not to the DR. Maybe our previous hotels and destinations ended up being so enjoyable that this one couldn't live up to them.Sorry it's a bad review this time! ;-(  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again  We just recently got back from this resort. To start off when we arrived , it took the front desk an hour to check us in. The rooms are ok, nothing special. Beach is nice. Resort overall was ok. The food and drinks were nothing great. The service is very slow and the front desk people are very unprofessional and rude. We had a problem with the rain flooding our room our last night there. We asked for our1st floor room to be changed at 11:00am , they said yes , but come back at 3:00 , which is check out time. After sitting in there lobby wet for 4 hours we went back to the fromt desk at 3:00 only to be told there were no other rooms and to go back to our flooding and smelly room . We would not do that, and they made us wait another 2 hours for a new room. All thru this ordeal we spoke to 6 or 7 workers , all of them were no help , they stood there talking in spanish about it, and laughing, Thinking it was a big joke. I will not only never go back to this resort , I will Never go to Punta Cana ever again. I'lll stick to Mexico where they know how to treat Americans right.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Jeansnow
<Content>We were Robbed!! Occidental Grand Flamenco, Punta CanaMy husband and I stayed at this resort in April 24,-May1When I say we were robbed, I don't mean that the resort wasn't worth the money, I mean that we were literally ROBBED!Somebody came into our room while we were out and stole all of our money (the one and only time I didn't use the safe!!) We were packed to leave that morning, and only wanted an hour or two at the beach before we left.............I had my passports and departure taxes still in the safe, and my hubby had what was in his wallet, otherwise we would have been left stranded!We had been extremely generous with all of the workers so it was very disheartening, to say the least!The resort itself was well kept, the grounds were very nice.The service left a little to be desired.The room was adequateThe beach was beautifulThe pools were greatUp until the last day (only hours before we checked out)the vacation was great!I wish I could say that the managemnt was helpful, but I can'tThe Signature rep commiserated, but could do nothingI won't be staying at the Occidental again!Cuba is looking better all the time!Marilyn  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Grand Flamenco! Best Vacation Ever! where should i start.... well let's start with the food. you would NEVER go hungry at this resort. i went with my family of four, 8 year old son and 14 year old daughter my husband and myself. we only got to go to the mexican restaurent and the oriental. the oriental was okay, but it was dominican styl chinese. The mexican was the best! the taco salad was very good and the fajita was also very good! The buffet was amazing. the breakfast was good but it wasn't varied. lunch was very good especially at the beach buffet. the main buffet was very good. The snack bar by the main pool was especially good. it had all the burgers and fries and onion rings and hot dogs you could ask for. there were little mini bars stationed across the resort. there was a little place up the big stairs where the restaurents were, and served some sort of patty thing. it was very good. our room was a decent size. our room was on the second floor, but no room was above us so our cieling was very high and slanted. it was very nice. The beds are very small , about half a foot larger than a single, and you only get two unless you get the honey moon sweet. it doesn't matter because we just asked for a cot and the workers gladly gave us two. they were very comforable too. the bathroom was okay. The main pool was amazing! it was so big! it went all over the place and ranged from knee deep to neck deep. there was never a shortage of chairs, but if you wanted a cabana you should bring your towels and reserve one. the beach was also beautiful, but again, if you want a cabana you should go early and save yourself a seat. the beach was in a little lagoon almost, and as we walked along the beach for a while you can tell our beach is much better groomed than other ones. there was barely any seaweed on the beach it was beautiful. the grounds are beautiful! the paths to all the buildings are surrounded by beautiful flowers and palm trees. overall the service was great and so was everything else! i had a wonderful time and hope you have the same experience we had.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pool and Beach are great but... The landscape and pool is great. The beach is very nice. Here are a few things to note:- the rating of 4 or 4.5 (depending on the travel company) is causing high expectation. This should be re-classified as 3 or 3.5 -- mainly because of the rooms and service.- I mentioned service because when it becomes busy, service drops considerably--practically gone.- they don't seem to care if a hot dish is served cold. Fruits are re-served--of course, this is my personal observation of the condition of the fruit--like it's does not look as fresh or it is looks like it has been in the refrigirator for a long time. I can understand if North Americans will not like most of the food--they are generally local dishes. But they are good--if served hot.- entertainment is great. I was told that shows are different everyday for 2 weeks. Our Saturday departure show listing is different from the Saturday we arrived. So I think there is no reason to doubt what the travel rep told us.- did see any of the bigger bugs but there are definitely the ants -- the smaller ones -- which is really itchy when it bites. And house lizards. I am from a tropical country so house lizard is not a big deal.- we had to request for a room change and I can assure you that if this happens to you, you will really feel that they are giving you a hard time--my experience was a feeling of it was intentionally being delayed--the transfer. First reason was the key can't be found, then they have to wait for the manager to assign another room, next gave me a room that I can't decide which is better, the current or this room. all in all, it took 4 hours before we finally got a new room. Try asking for the manager and you will have to force yourself because the counter person will really not allow you to see the manager. I saw this first hand when one guy was insisting to see the manager-- for same reason as ours.Overall, I will not return back to this hotel and will not recommend this to friends. I am sure that one will get a better hotel for practically the same price.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Vacation Ever!!!!!!! the most amazing place ever!!!! We had gone for our second honeymoon and will go back every year. The food was fantastic, the sevice the people who work there are at your beckon call for anything you need. The beach and facilities are top notch. There was really nothing to complain about. We tried to find something that we could say needed better attention too but there was nothing. We have bee to Cuba and parts of Mexico and this by far beats either. The tours were fantastic, we went deep sea fishing and caught 3 very large fish, the captain was very professional and made it a great day. We also went snorkling with the sharks and stingrays and it was safe, and amazing. The shopping was good, we walked out of our resort to shop and felt very safe. We also had the chance to use the spa in the resort and it was well worht the money!!! We played a little tennis although very hot it was fun to play a good tennis court in the Dominican. the weather was beautiful the whole time we were there with no rain. We flew with Air Canada there and and back with a stop over in toronto on the trip back. Flight , Leg room and service were great. Airport in Dominican was fast and friendly. If you are going on vacation remember it is not like home and you only can make it the best trip ever, it is what you make it!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel And Staff - What are you lot on??? My partner and I arrived on 22/05/2006 for a 2 week break. The hotel was everything we could have asked for, if not more. We found the staff to be fantastic, sometimes the language barrier could be a problem but they were never rude or abrupt with us, they simply smiled and tried to understand what we were trying to say.We were in block 13, which is at the bottom left hand side of the hotel, nearest the beach. The rooms were of an above ok standard (tho we did have problems at first with our air con making an awful noise but this was fixed), the beach was just fantastic, everything you could want and more (though I was disappointed at the lack of Jet Skis!).The buffet meals were as to be expected, you dont go to a different country and expect to have the same food as you would have at home! You have to be adventurous on holiday and try new things, why bother going to a different country if your not going to sample these things? Personally I found a number of things to eat that were just like being at home, sure the food isnt top grade like a London restaurant, but it is not as bad as some make out.As for the restaurants that you have to book for, we never had one problem booking these, we were able to get the ones we wanted on the days we wanted and we didnt even have to queue. The Mexican was excellent, Italian was ok as was the Oriental, we ate twice in the 5 star meat restaurant twice, the first time the meal was excellent and the second time is was just ok - they have off days back here too you know....The hotel was extremely clean, the gardens well kept. The Spa suite was amazing, well worth a visit just for a tour alone. We had a 25 min massage and it was worth every penny! My only regret is that we waited till the last day, otherwise we would have booked more!We would thoroughly recommend taking the Outback Safari tour, was one of the (if not THE) best trips I have ever taken on holiday. We had the pleausure of the local guide called Leandro (spelling?) and our driver Jose. These guys were excellent, really looked after you, made sure you had an excellent day and above all were able to answer all questions about the REAL Dominican Replublic and its people. - If your lucky enough to meet Leandro, ask him to sing you some Usher - he was fantastic! Amazing how some people learn to speak English, he loved to listen to Rap and RnB music to pick it up! And ask Jose for another driving licence - he'll know what you mean!Also, we went para sailing twice.. So what you may think? But my partner neither likes heights or is that keen on swimming... For the price of $85 for a twin flight, it was well worth the money.Friday nights there are market stalls around near the main pool, be sure to haggle, as I was quoted $120 for a bongo and eventually bought it for $30 (probably could have gone lower, but I was happy to pay this). The shops at the front of the hotel accept dollars and the local pesos, but it did not make a difference in the price either way you paid.The entertainment was tacky and similar, but keep an eye out for a guy who looks like the singer Lemar! He was a real clown and never failed to make us laugh. Overall, the whole fun club team worked very hard and were always trying to involve people. These guys were working very long days, but they always had a smile on there faces.As for the smell of sewage, the only time we smelt this was on a walk along the beach, heading towards the sunken boat in the sea. There was a sewage point going out to the sea (though this was dried up I must add), about 3 hotels down the beach.** The only gripe we had with our holiday was the flight and our rep! Mytravel flight (booked through Aitours web site) was horrendous, how they expect people to sit like chickens all couped up for 9 hours is beyond belief. Our rep was the only rude employee we can across, she didnt seem to care about us, she was more interested in telling us all about her! Also, beware of the big con on the web site, where they offer you the chance to upgrade your room for an additional fee, when we questioned the rep what the difference with an upgrade room was, we were told the rooms are all the same except for the Royal Club which has an additional fee per night... Needless to say my complaint letter is on the way to Airtours and a copy to ABTA, is in the post! **Oh and if your into cocktails and shorts, try the Ready To Go drink in the lobby bar, you wont be disappointed...  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ledwards
<Content>Wonderful       view flying into punta cana  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terriblel hotel I went to grand flamenco punta cana for 1 week and was horifeid at the service. while the hotel is beautiful I belive that they can not handel a hotel of that size. the 7 day I stayed at grand flamenco put cana I found many problems with the hotel. for examble will i stayed at the hotel I suferd a 9 hour blackout, we had a leak in the room, we did not find the staff to be as sanitery as we would wanted them to be. In the hotel they give surveys for the people that stay at the hotel to fill out. we put the problems we found and the next day the manger asked us to go to his office once we did that they gave us free boucheres ton come to the hotel for free. a year past and we wanted to use the bouchers we called and they told us they had sent the hotel check in paper and we should wait one week to resive it. they told as that about five times. we found out that by the fourth time they told me to a 1 more week it hade expired. i rank the hotel -2 stars.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wouldn't stay here again My sister and I stayed at this hotel the week of Memorial day. The grounds are beautiful, the beach is gorgeous, one of the best I've ever seen. The food is fantastic. However, the beds are horribly uncomfortable, the floor of our room was dirty and the people at the front desk were rude and condescending. They were also not very informed of hotel policy and procedures. We upgraded our room through Expedia and we were supposed to get a fruit basket(which was 5 pieces of fruit on a plate wrapped in plastic) It took four days to get the bottles of alcohol we were promised and they only brought us beach towels once. Their all inclusive deals were very restrictive. You could only get food and drink when they say you can. The lobby bar didn't open until 3:00 pm(contrary to the brochure) so when you sit and wait an hour for your room you have nothing to drink, unless you want to get in the pool to go to the pool bar. They were basically making up their own hours of operation as they felt like it. They need more people who speak english especially at the front desk. After messing up our reservations they tried to give us a room with one bed. The room we finally got needed so many repairs they were going to switch us again but we were too tired to move. They did fix the items in a timely manner. I would have to say avoid this hotel at all costs. Punta Cana is beautiful with many other hotels-pick one.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Worth The Money I stayed here for 4 long days. Unfortunately I saw a review the day before I was planned to go on the trip. I read about the smell of sewage and the lack of room towels. But, I still had a positive attitude. Leaving with a couple of bath towels I had a great trip planned. It wound up forshadowing the trip. It DID smell like sewage. The employees WERE obnoxious. They had to fumigate for bugs!We had to eat at the BUFFET every day there. They SAY that you need reservations, but half the restaurants had many open tables.. Then they say there is a dresscode. A guy we met there, wore shorts and was told he couldn't get in. (Mind you..the waiters looked like ROY ROGERS). So the man goes back to his room and puts on his only pair of pants he brought..... HIS FLANNEL PAJAMAS!!!!They let him in.I came across 1 extremely nice man in the spa. Unfortunately, I don't remember his name. But he was the 1 person who apoogized for keeping us waiting.I would discourage any person who wants to go there.BAD SERVICE  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed I traveled to the Occidental Grand Punta Cana for my honeymoon from May 7th - 12th. I must say, I was really surprised at how rude the front desk  bellboys were! They made it very difficult if we did not speak Spanish and didn't have a clue on anything. From the very beginning, somebody was lying to us. Upon check in I specifically asked the front desk to confirm our stay was until Friday. Of course they said yes, it was in the system and everything was okay. From there, we were told to make reservations for dinner. I did not like this at all. We had to eat at the restaurants THEY told us to!On Wednesday night, the 3rd day of our trip, we receive a phone call at 11PM from the front desk manager advising us that we were supposed to check out in the morning. ARE YOU SERIOUS!?! I was so upset I marched to the front desk in my pajama's and how convenient the manager already left. I had to make a long distance call to the states to get help with the travel agency or else they were going to kick us out in the morning! Not a very pleasant experience.Overall, the resort is beautiful. Very well maintained. It's sad to have such a great location and the staff so rude. We tipped the first few nights, but after receiving bad service, we saved our money.The best restaurant is the Mexican by far. The oriental was alright, I didn't see the big deal. The pizza and empanara's were the BEST!Beware of staff. Bring a lot of money in US dollars...it's excepted everywhere. And take the horse back riding tour...they were wonderful! and the pictures are gorgeous!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mediocre, sans the beach We arrived at Punta Cana Grand Flamenco with some trepidation, after reading reviews on this site. It was neither extreme - horrible or great. I chose Punta Cana specifically for a relaxing vacation on the beach. That did not disappoint! The beach was gorgeous, and since we traveled in the off-season, we had no problems getting chaise loungers, or a spot in the shade when we wanted it. Nor did we have problems with crowds - check-in/out were quick and painless, no waits at the buffet, etc. Fortunately, during most of our time at the resort, the weather was gorgeous, so we spent most of our time on the beach. The beach bar is convenient for drinks/bathrooms/food, and the pools surrounding the complex were clean and refreshing, and the grounds were well-maintained. Definitely tip housekeeping well - a couple of dollars a day goes a long way. Be sure to bring plenty of sunblock/medicine and any other necessities, as the shop on-site will charge $19 for a very small bottle of sunblock.Now, the downside... I've never had worse food in my life! I called it the potato famine. It's one of the safest things to eat. Our first night there, my friend threw up after dinner several times. They often served for breakfast what they served for dinner the night before. Can you say leftovers? I ate sparingly and only what I deemed safe. Until the last night... we ate at the Italian restaurant, and I got an intestinal bug, and have had diarrhea for five days now. Not a pleasant way to end the trip, but I was glad it happened at the end of our stay. During the brief rain showers one afternoon, we came back to a flooded bathroom. We were on the 3rd floor of building 11, and apparently there was a leak in the roof. The rooms were dingy, and though housekeeping did a good job, the beds were old, the comforters were gross and dingy, and ripped. And the room was the only place you could go at night to be inside cool air, and not be eaten alive by mosquitoes. Don't count on peaceful evening, though. Their stage show is so ridiculously loud, even earplugs couldn't drown the noise out.I've backpacked and stayed in some pretty questionable places, so this was by no means the worst place I've stayed, but it was certainly not the four-star resort it claims to be. I would most definitely not return, and felt sorry for the souls who chose this resort to get married. If you go for the beach, it will be worth the trip. If you're going for anything else, you'll be sorely disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>clap, clap, clap, clap My family and I stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco on May 14-21 and it was AMAZING! The food was great with many different places to eat including buffets and special resturants. The service was phenomonal with people always asking you if you wanted another drink/ refill or if they can take your plate. The fun club guys made thing exciting holding many different events like dancing, step class, achery, etc. They also stared in many of the different show offerent by the resort. Unlike other resorts, this one has three pools compared to the usual one. You are not cramped shoulder to shoulder with another person and to top it off, there is a swim out bar where you can grab a drink while you are still in the water! Over all, I encourage you to stay here if you are going to travel to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. You will have a great time!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Service Ever at the Occidental April 18-21, 2006This was probably the worst vacation I have ever been on. First of all, this hotel had a sewage smell throughout the entire place that did not go away. I had to fumigate my clothes once I got back home because of the stench. The service was horrible. The employees were rude and obnoxious. I wish I had gotten names because some were much worse than others. For example, at the buffet restaurant, one of the male employees actually put his hand up to my face after I asked him very nicely where we should sit for dinner (after standing in front of him waiting for 10 minutes without him even acknowledging we were there). The hotel had 9 restaurants, which we were only able to eat at one besides the buffet because they were all booked up the day we arrived. And the steak house, which was the one restaurant that we were able to get a reservation at for 9 pm the last night, did not open their doors until almost 9:45 pm. They kept them locked and people were literally banging on the door until finally an employee came to the window and very obnoxiously told us we have to wait. I saw two cockroaches outside of my hotel door. My sister's room had tiny ants all over the bathroom. There was no showerhead in her shower, just a long hose. When we called the front desk to inquire about this, they hung up on us. The second time we called, they sent two male employees to the room and they told us that there is nothing they can do. AND the list can go on and on and on.... this place was an absolute nightmare.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Booniebaby
<Content>Fantastic Resort My husband and I travelled to the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana for 2 weeks in the middle of May 2006. After reading some of the reviews on this site we felt slightly anxious that we had made the wrong decision but we had not!The hotel was beautiful, immaculate and friendly. All the staff worked really hard to make sure that the grounds, pools, restaurants and beach were immaculate.The rooms were average but comfortabe and cleaned daily. The fridge was always stocked with water, Pepsi and 7-Up and the maids did an excellent job.The buffet restaurant was lovely with a huge selection of fish, meat, paste, pizza, salads and desserts.....the choice was huge and there was something for everyone at breakfast, lunch and dinner. The other restaurants were also great, the only one we didn't care for was the Mexican but our favourites were the Italian and the Oriental.The pools were enormous and very clean. There were plenty of sun loungers available and we didn't have to put our towels down early at all during our stay.The beach was amazing with white sand and turquoise water. There were plenty of sun loungers again and we didn't struggle to get a shady spot at all.We did a couple of trips out of the hotel, the helicopter trip i would recommend!The weather was perfect, sunny all day every day without a drop of rain or cloud. I would recommend sun tan lotion of factor 25 or more as the sun is extremely strong. Make sure you take plenty with you too as the shops out there charge about 拢25 per small bottle!We stayed in block 11 which was close to everything although all blocks were well situated so it didn't really matter.The spa is worth a visit, we had massages which were very relaxing and all the staff there are fully trained.We tipped well, not because it was expected but because the staff deserved it and it was a pleasure. I don't think you would receive any less service if you chose not to tip but they all work so hard and are so well presented that we felt they deserved it.We had a wonderful 2 weeks at the Grand Flamenco and would recommend it in a flash!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Perfect Just got back from Punta Cana, me and a girlfriend stayed at the Grand Flemenco Punta Cana and there is nothing bad about this all inclusive resort.Everything went smoothly off the airplane, Customs didn't check anything, you board a bus and 20 minutes later your at the lobby of the hotel. Check in took 10 minutes. You get your key and towel cards and your off to do what every you like. We were in buliding 10 closest to the lobby, just a nice walk through the resort to the most BEAUTIFUL beach I have seen. The drinks were great, they were not just the usual high balls, you could have anything you wanted, beer wine martini's tropical drinks, shots anything !!!The food was excellent, you had so many choices you can find something you like. The people and staff were amazing, every one smiled and treated you like gold, never a problem the whole week.The night club Mangu was the best House/Rave/Techno music I have heard. It gets busy around 12:30 and you can dance all night, but take it easy so you don't over work yourself. The tourists are mainly Canadian, American, Polish and French.The resort and rooms were VERY clean and landscaped perfectly. Men must wear pants for the dinner buffet. women can wear anything.I have been to many all inclusive resorts and this one beats all of them, everything you need is right there, there is NO WAY you will have a bad time.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Food !! Review submitted by Valerie-Toronto,CanadaReturned from a week at the Grand Flamenco a week ago..I thought that this resort was beautiful and had no complaints at all. This was my third time to Punta Cana and it鈥檚 the beach that keeps me coming back. I have stayed at 2 other 4 and 5 star resorts in Punta Cana and this one is certainly comparable. The food at this resort was definitely the best that I have encountered. Usually the food at the a la carte restaurants is always good and the buffets leave a lot to be desired. Not the case here. The buffet was excellent, with lots of choices. The specialty restaurants were all good. Did not eat at the Italian restaurant as it was closed a couple of nights and did not get a chance to try the wood oven pizza, but heard that it was good. The pizza place is only open in the evening, which we did not find out until the end of our vacation. The rooms are very large with a huge balcony. Very clean, no problems with water pressure, no shortage of hot water most of the time. Air conditioning worked well. Fridge was stocked often. Ask your maid for beer if you want it. There is a quiet side and a loud busy side of the beach. We preferred the quiet side with just the sound of the waves on the shore, however if you like lots of activity and noise, go to the other side. It鈥檚 nice to have the option. One thing that I particularly liked about the beach at this hotel is the number of palm trees. No problem at all finding shade here. Lots of chairs to go around as well. It wasn鈥檛 necessary to get up early and reserve, which is really nice for a change. Watch out for sand fleas on the beach. We all got lots of bites from the knees down, which itch like crazy. Make sure to rinse your feet and legs well at the outdoor showers when you leave the beach,and shake the sand out of your towels and clothing. Bring antihistamines and after bite.Bring bread or buns to the beach, tear them up and throw them in the water when you鈥檙e approximately waist deep. Wait a few minutes and you won鈥檛 believe all the beautiful fish that show up out of nowhere. I had no idea that all those fish were hiding in there as you never see them any other time. It鈥檚 really entertaining.All in all, this is a great place to relax and eat really well in beautiful surroundings.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>occidental flamenco was perfect This was our fourth time in Punta Cana and this time we were able to take our daughter with us. As usual Punta Cana was perfect. The beach is breathtaking and goes on for miles. The weather was a little cooler than what we are use to here as we usually go in July/August.Now onto the resport. I have read a fair number of reviews and just cannot understand why all the negative comments. It was very important for my wife and I to book into a top rate resort because we were taking our daugher for her 30TH birthday. The Occidental Flamenco lived up to top billing and more. The resort was absolutely perfect in every way. The food at the buffet was presented with pride and the service was impeccable. The grounds at this resort are spectacular and maintained to the highest level. The pool was the cleanest we have experienced anywhere we have stayed. The bar service was the best we have ever received anywhere we have stayed.Of all the places we have been (this was our 14th time in the carribean) the Occidental Flamenco tops all. Our Daugher was overwhelmed by the beauy and the service level provided at this resort. We like Punta Cana so much that I doubt we will ever vacation anywhere else. This was a 5 star holiday and we would like to thank everyone at the resort for making our daughters birthday such a memorable one.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sand$rn
<Content>Loved the Grand We stayed May 8 thru May 15 and had a wonderful time. Please do not let the negitive reviews spoil your vacation. We were in the Royal Club and loved every minute of it. If you can do the upgrade to the Royal Club it is worth every penny. The resturant is the best food they have breakfast, lunch and dinner plus all the drinks you can consume. The best drink was the banana moma. The spa is the grestest I had 3 different massages and they were the best I have every had. The buffets are great, the oriental was great but the mexican, italian, and steak wasn't so good. We did the parasailing and the snorkaling which both were very good. The beach was the best I have every seen. We will go back to this resort in the future. Have fun and don't sweat the small stuff.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful time and a beautiful resort... I, with 2 other friends visited the Grand Flamenco (Punta Cana) from Wed. May 3, 2006 - Wed. May 10, 2006. This was a wonderful trip and hopefully will make another trip back to the Grand Flamenco again. The weather was awesome and beautiful, never a day of over-cast or rain. Our room was very nice/clean as well as the beds, which were comfortable. The resort was beautiful. The pools were not too cold and not too warm, very refreshing from the very hot sun. The beach was very nice and clean. The beach contained beach-chairs and palm umbrellas to stay out of the sun if you choose too. The buffets were great...There was so much to choose from and they had something different almost everyday. We loved all the food, something for everyone, we never never went hungry. All the eating locations (restaurants) were very clean. They served bottled water which I was concerned about. The staff was ALWAYS so friendly and helpful. The Fun Club was great. I enjoyed the shows every night. There are a lot of people from different countries there. It was really interesting to talk to them. Most people knew English, although somewhat broken. I met two brothers from the Netherlands, Carlo and Dilan, they were very neat. Everyone was so friendly. We went snorkeling, which wasn't very expensive, $25 US. However, it wasn鈥檛 as nice as it was in Cancun or Puerto Rico. It was very easy to get through, (in and out) of the airport. Everyone must purchase a $10 US tourist card. The cab ride was not too bad. They seem to drive fast and tail gate the car ahead of you...and the roads are a sort of bumpy. The cost for the 3 of us was $25 US, not bad at all for a 20-30 min. ride. We went to the 鈥淧laza鈥?shops just outside the resort grounds. That was a short 3 min walk. Be prepared to be attacked by the salesmen. Everyone wants your business. All in all, this was a great time, and the resort was awesome. This vacation and this resort I would rate a 10 out of 10. Very American friendly. (Brett / Kalamazoo, Michigan, USA)  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointimg at best 16 of my family stayed here in April,on the 5th day of our stay I had a problem with one of my teeth.I was in sush pain and NOT sure why,still dont.I seen the resort doctor Friday night at 9:30 pm.The Doc gave me some pain killers and told me that I needed to see a Dentist right away.I asked all the questions about this dentist(I mean everything)So we agreed to go on Satruday morning at 9 am.This dentist looked at me and saidyou need to get the your tooth drill to release the presure because the flight home would be unbearableI did ask if they would give more pain killers,so I would see my own denist in 2 days.Again thye told no way because of the flight.So I spent the next hour in the chair.This costed $925.00 US.$150.00 for one x-ray.RIPPED OFF.I seen my own dentist on early Tuesday morning,and he was very upset with what done too my tooth,also said that charging me so mush was wrong and that no way it would cost so mush.I have contacted the resort too see what I could do.They said to badand the Doctor there is a pirvate oppertion and there is they are willing to do.I have emailed the Canadian Embassy about this and waiting for them too help me.Also contacted the RCMP.Thing are moving fast.So watch out with this Doctor and Im thinking the name of this resort is right THE OCCIDENTAL??????????????????????????????????????????????????????  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a wonderful week       opening coconuts for us  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kdpei_8
<Content>Loved it!!! My friend and I (both Ladies in our 40's ) stayed at this hotel from April 29 to May 6 and loved it. This was her first trip down south and she is defintely going back and staying at this hotel.There are only 4 hotels located in the town, the other 48 or so are on Bavaro beach whch means a cab ride into town to shop. We walked 5 minutes outside the gate and there was a shopping plaza and a flea market right there. it was safe during the day and the plaza has a bank and ATM machine. If you want to get money in the bank - you need your passport.Checking In  Out - no problema. We did get the safe for $15 US and it gave us peace of mind. The lobby is beautiful - open air with lovely tiles and lots of seating areas. The buffet restaruant is there as well. Everything is a 5 minute walk - the beach, resturants,shops, etc.The room - spaceous and clean, with good closets and a balcony. It was on the first floor and had a slight musty smell, but we turned on the air conditioning and it went away. We liked the shower gel and shampoo and we did get face cloths (althought we had taken our own just in case). For all you Diet Pepsi or Coke lovers - it is not available at the hotel, although you can buy it in the gift store for $2 US. Our maid was great. We left her $5US the first two days and some gifts and the room was very clean and she left towel and flower creations for us. The Beach - Wow! Beautiful with lots of chairs and fun to people watch and see the crazy people parasailing. If you walk 15 - 20 minutes to the right there are more shops to go to. The fun club has aerobic, and dance and spanish lessons on a small stage on the beach. Unfortuntely some of the women were topless ( and belive me they should not have been). Guess it's not our country - not our rules, but people with children should be aware of this. The Beach Grill serves a great buffet too, and try the smoothies. You are given a towel card when you check in to exchange at the Beach hut for your towel. If you lose it they charge $50 US, so if this makes you nervous - take your own towel. The Grounds: Lovely and so clean - always someone working. Some of the smells that people reported could be due to the vegetation. The Food: we stuck to the buffet as my friend is diabetic and has to be carefull. She always found something to eat. The bread is to die for and the fresh fruit drinks were wonderful. The desserts are great.The Staff: Great people! I speak alittle spanish and it was lovely to see their faces light up when you asked how they were doing and wished then good morning. For the most part the reception people speak good english - but for the best service go the Guest Services located to the left in the lobby next to the casino. Each peson there spoke very good english. In the restaurants some spoke english and some not, but they all did their best. We had a lovely waiter who sang to us as he served us. When it comes to tea it is best to take your own thermos and fill it up the first time they come by. The cups are very small and if I know tea drinkers one cup is not enough.Actually the buffet turned out to be more elegant than I had thought it would be.Excursions: We went on the jungle safari with Adventura which was recommended and sold to us by the Air Canada rep. it was a full day with drinks and lunch for $78US. Out of all the places I've been this was the cheapest cost for an excursion. It was an open air truck with seat belts(thank god). Hector our driver liked to pass everyone and it was bumpy. The roads are now under constuction and it is very dusty so take something to put over your nose if you have sinus troubles. TAKE CANDY FOR THE CHILDREN AND SCHOOL SUPPLIES FOR THE SCHOOL YOU VISIT!! It is amazing to see the kids come running from everywhere and it will break your heart to see their living conditions. I only wish I had taken more.We went horseback riding, into the mountians and through sugarcane fields, and saw parrots, aligators, snakes, monkeys and every kind of fruit you can imagine.The shows: terrific. We saw every one. The kids show is first aound 8 - 8:30 then a dance lesson, crazy games and the real show starts at 9:30 or so. It will blow your mind to see these kids sing and dance, this is after working 8 hours or so on the beach doing activities. By the way a Canadian won the Mr. Flamenco contest - he had a great attitude and a sense of humour, which you really need while wearing a thong. Go Canada!!Shopping: My favorite part! As I mentioned we walked out the gate and there it was. There is a store in the Plaza that is going out of business and there are great deals- $2 t-shirts, $10 Wooden statues(yes we got them through customs. Just check to see if there are any worm holes before you buy it).Don't be intimidated by the guys running up and trying to get you in ther stores. Take it with a sense of hunour and they are all cheapey - cheapey. Barter the prices down to 1/2 and put your money in different parts of your wallet and show them - look this is all I have left. My friend got her hair braided there for $18US and it was $50US on the beach. The girls traveling arounf in the blue jackets work for Monique and will set up shop in any of the stores. They are very quick but expect an hour for medium lenght hair. You should be able to get $5 t-shirts, $3 - $5 bandanas, $8 - $10 hats and pink bracelets for $5. Don't pay more than $10 or $15 for the coral necklaces. There is a really great cigar shop right on the corner where you can sit in the middle of the store and they will bring you the cigars. As you can imagine we made lots of amigos and make sure you take their card if you want to go back as it has their booth number on it - it is a rabbit warren in there. If you have Candian t-shirts or hats and pins, you may be able to trade them.Punta Cana Airport: Coming in was great and easy - not as confusing as Cancun or Puerta Plata. The bus ride was in an air conditioned bus and only 35 minutes. Be prepared you have to travel through some poverty filled places. Exiting the country was no problem - just have that $20US and follow everyone else. The pictures that were taken when you entered the airport are here for sale - $7 - $10US. There is a Wendys at the airport and if you are flying Air Canada I suggest you eat here - or don't eat the chicken on the flight - maybe the pasta was better. The prices at the airport are not as good as in towm. We got our rum for $9  $10US - lots more at the airport.Overall for the price, this resort exceeded our expectations and I will defintely return someday. Bring lots of $1 bills because if you are like me and find such good service and friendly people you will want to give them alittle something.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lovemyholidays
<Content>what a fantastic time i dont know why anyone would badly rate it!!! first of all i would like to say that now that i have found the trip advisor i am hooked and used the website and its reviews constantly before we went.I have to say i read so many bad reviews and was worried i neednt have been.we stayed there from the 20th april- 3rd may and cannot complain and even if we had said maybe they should do this or that, why spoil our fantastic holiday for the little things that didnt harm us at all.CHECK IN.fine no problems we only had to wait 5 mins to be checked in and recieved outstanding service through out the process.ROOMS.very spacious and equipt with all your needs.hairdryer to save you takeing your own.fridge full of drinks.coffee maker and all that goes with it.television with all the channels you need.iron and ironing boardumberella for if it rainsexcellent airconditioningand so much more the shower was wonderfully powerfull and we always had hot water.i was really suprised that the hotel supply shampoo and shower gel if i had known i wouldnt have taken my own as theirs was much better lovly and creamy.GROUNDS.wonderfully kept, always litter free and so green .they really did a good job. the flowers were amazing and the planting scheame was outstanding.Everyday there were the groundsmen watering, pruneing and washing the walkways.you could not fault them.FOOD.we mainly ate in the buffet but did try two retaurants.The buffet was very good you could never go hungry here ther was alot of varitey.from fruit, meat, veg, rice and much more there was alot of choice.you could get your meat freshly cooked and also fresh fish some people complained about the buffet i think they must of been mad or just overly fussy eaters i couldnt fault it niether could my fiance and he is quite fussy himself.we ate in the oriental restaraunt and it was fantastic.you choose a starter i had sushi and then you choose a soup i found the coconut soup out of this world. You then choose a main course andthere are plenty to choose from, i had sweet and sour pork which was amazing and my fiance had beef and shrimp which they cook in front of you and he kept raving about it. after that you choose a sweet and finish off with sake and jasmine tea.the steak house was where we had another meal which was different but still very nice.The hotls take on steak house was not what i thought it would be but the meat was very good and the accomplements where just as nice.we had good service and plenty to eat and drink.BARS.as we both enjoy a drink we tried then all and found then to be great we did spend most of our time at the pool bar as we met alot of people there and the huge group of us would meet there and have fun.The barman castillo would never let us go thirsty as we placed our empty glass down he had one waiting for us all. I got to love drinking playa specials which were madepartly with banannas and honey as well as a few other things, and the pool bar didnt holdbanannas but the next day he made sure there were some for me which i was very thankfull to him for.The lobby bar was also good in the evenings we never had to wait long for a drink and thay had one guy running a speciality martini bar and all night that is what he did mixed martinis just the way you want them.TRIPS.we went on the saona island trip and it was wonderfull the island really is paradise and it is well worth going. do take sunscreen and cover up between 11am-2.30pm or you will cook.STAFF.couldnt do enough for us and were always smiling and did their job well.AND FINALLY THE BEACH.all i can say really was breathtaking. the sea was so blue and the sand so fine, white and soft.we never had to worry about getting a lounger either in the shade or not even by the pool we always had one.I thought it was good of the hotel to put up a sign saying that if you left anything on the loungers before 6.45am it would be deemed lost property and remove it, as really sad and arrogant people would bag them i find it mad as there was so many available at different times of the day. FOR GOODNESS SAKE FOLKS CHILL OUT.In all we had a woderfull yime and will be going back i would like to say i found many people complaing about the little things like i didnt have enough sugar in my room i think its discusting or the maid didnt wash and dress me this morning i will never return again i might be joking but come on people this is a poor country who make their money through tourisim so give them a break and also your on holiday enjoy yourself sit back have adrink and enjoy the beautifull weather just as we did.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Vacation! There were six of us that stayed at the Grand Flamenco the week of April 22- 29. There were 2 of us that had stayed at the Flamenco three years ago, and were not disappointment when we returned. The staff are extremely friendly, and they all work very hard. The grounds and beach are beautiful!! The food was good at the buffet, but the restaurants (especially the Steak House) were fantastic. The whole group have a wonderful time, and would highly recommend this property to anyone.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise We just returned from Grand Flamenco Occidental last April 27th, and loved this place.The food was good, the Oriental restaurant, Italian and Grill were very good.The beach is amazing, water blue blue blue, white sand. The only problem was that we had to get up at 5:30 in order to get a Pallapa on the beach. Beleive me you need the shade. At this time of the year the sun is very strong.The grounds are beautifull and very clean. The rooms would need renovations, but are OK and clean. The room service was so so. It was very hard to get more than 2 towels per day for shower. There was a lot of children at this resort and it was a bit noisy at the pools, so we stayed at the beach all week.If you want to buy souvenirs at the market, you have to negociate and pay 1/3 of what they are asking and even a bit less than that.Cellular phone are working, but at $3.50 per minutes.Bring US dollars as you need to pay $20 US each at the airport when you return. They only accept US.I would recommend this place and will sure go back again.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was just OK Just returned from our honeymoon at the Grand Flamenco Punta Cana on April 27. We had an OK vacation. Check in was not good. We were supposed to have a honeymoon suite and the clerk told us there was no such thing. We were supposed to recieve champagne and fruit and got nothing. Staff didnt speak very good english and it got frusterating. The weather was beautiful when we were there. The beaches and ocean we unbelievable! The food at this resort was not very good. We ate mostly at the buffet and there was lots of variety of food, but everything was very daring. Not very much simple food. We both good food poisoning on seperate occasions. Also the waiter would come and get you a drink and you would never get another one. Very small cups.Rooms were OK, very old and dated, but comfy beds and kept nice and cool! If you tip the maids they did a great job.Pools were nice and big and grounds were very well kept.Night life was terrible, there was only 1 bar open after 10 and there was no where to sit. Anyways all in all it was OK, i wouldnt stay there again!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a great place We were six girls doing second trip after 3 yrs. We loved it the first time, but even more this time around. Food has greatly improved and even the buffet restaurant is classy and elegant now. The ambiance was great and we loved the workers. They're often singing and dancing as they work, and just love it if you try to speak a little spanish with them. I was getting pretty good by the end of the week. The beach is simply stunning and the resort itself is great. My only complaint lies with the reception area. It is frustrating to get what you need as they keep putting you off and many of them speak poor english or none at all. overall, this is a great resort and i highly recommend it. Been to many over the years and this one is a lot of fun. The disco is known as the best one in the whole region and is great fun.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cougar44
<Content>Beware Occidental chain The Occidental Grand Flamenco is rated as 4 - 4 1/2 stars. Based on the meals, beach, exterior of the resort, and the staff I would have to agree. But when it comes to the rooms, I would not even rate them as 3 star. The rooms are old and dated. We had an alarm clock in our room that belonged in the garbage and had to call for wakeup calls every day. We and other guests had only twin beds in our room. I booked a standard room which should have been 2 double beds or one kingsize bed. Our bathroom faucet fell off every time we turned off the water and our toilet quit working. Although, we did report the toilet problem to the front desk at supper time and by the time we got back to our room, the problem had been fixed. We had a giant bug in our room, not sure if it was a giant beetle or if it was a cockroach and another that was trying to get under our door. Other guests relayed to us that they had 4 of these bugs in their beds. There were also ants in the rooms that several guests reported. We got a notice that the rooms were to be fumigated within 24 hours so we packed up all of our belongings so as not to get sprayed but the fumigation never happened.When we went to the courtesy room to shower, there were no towels and the housekeeping lady had already placed a call for towels and was waiting. I asked her to bring us a towel as soon as she had one. We pulled a pillow case off of the bed to use as a bath mat as the tile floors are extremely slippery when wet and with wet feet. We did get towels just as we finished showering.We were not the only ones discontent with our rooms. We overheard several other guests saying that they were not pleased with their rooms either. Another Canadian couple that we met and had several conversations with said that their air conditioner leaked so much that they could not leave anything on the floor.Just a warning, the rooms --- but the rest of the resort is awesome.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT RESORT Me and 4 other friends stayed at the Occidental Grand from April 13 to 20, we had a great time, the resort is very well kept and the beach is excellent couldn't ask for more, we had read the review before leaving, so when we got to the resort it was much better that we had seen in the reviews, people that goes on vacation and can complain about that resort has nothing much to do in life, we were in paradise for a week, the rooms are very clean, the grounds are well kept and for the food well you are not in your country and if you ever gone to a buffet that feeds about 800 people what do you expect a gourmet meal for us the food was good and the weather was wonderful, nobody in their right mind that sits on that beautiful beach and sees those nice palm trees, white sand and blue water and can still find something to complain about is definately not happy!!!!!! Hope we get a chance to return to Occidental Grand, and yes this was our 4th time in Punta Cana. And for the disco Mangu fun fun !!! HOPE YOU ENJOY YOUR STAY AS MUCH AS WE DID.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2nd stay at this hotel Our 2nd stay(28 January 2006). Check in 10 minutes/friendly. Completly full hotel and it showed. Long lines for food , tables, or bar service. Staff was overwhelmed ,but, trying. Even with this crowd finding a beach chair in the shade was easy at the beach,impossable at pool(s). room was ready on arrival. A/C broke once and was fixed about 15 minutes after I reported it. After the first two days the crowd subsided and sheer bliss followed . No waiting for ANYTHING, and great service for an all incl. resort A tip here is not forgotten when you come back for food/bev. Huge variety of food,you can find many things you will like.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pizzawife
<Content>Absolutely loved it. Highly recommend it. We traveled on April 9th to the 15th. We had issues with Spirit airlines and had rain for 2 days which is very uncharectistic of the carribean at this time. We had an open mind and positive attitude and didn't let it dampen our vacation!!!Check inWe drove up to the resort and there was a long line to check in鈥?until we told them we were staying Royal Club. The immediately brought a cart around for us that took us directly to the Royal Club check in. We were traveling with another family and were told that we could have rooms next to one another with no problem. We were a day and a half late due to our flight being cancelled, and when we checked in, they had given our adjoining rooms away. They managed to get us in the same building but on different floors. RoomsOur friends had a beautiful 2nd floor room with cathedral ceilings. Our room, although clean and one king with two roll aways for our kids(just as we requested) was on the 1st floor. We both had a bottle of rum and a fruit basket in our room, along with ice cold bottled water, soda(diet, as we requested) and beer in the fridge. The room was kept immaculate the entire week, the fridge stocked sometimes three times in a day and the towels restocked at least twice a day. The only problem with the rooms was that we had a steady rain for a day and a half and our friends on the second floor had leaks from the ceiling. They were moved the next morning to a room on the 1st floor in the same building and given another fruit basket and note of apology.ServiceThe service in the Royal Club area was wonderful. There was one girl at the front desk who was a bit unaccommodating and unfriendly but EVERYONE else there treated you like you really were royalty. The wait staff at the Royal Club restaurant were excellent. Especially Nino and Roberto. Sometimes, they knew what we wanted before we did. They were a pleasure!!!The service everywhere else was great, too. RestaurantsWe ate most of our meals at the Royal Club. The food was excellent tasting and the presentation was like the culinary. We all were very impressed.We ate at the Oriental and Italian a la carte鈥檚 and they were great. We also ate at the steak House. It was more like a Brazilian restaurant. They had a salad bar and then brought out meat on skewers. Don鈥檛 fill up on what they bring out first. The last thing they give you is the filet. It was different, but good nonetheless. We also ate at the beach buffet and the lobby buffet. They also were good. Everyone in our party found something they liked. We never had to beg for water or wine and they were prompt at refills. The beach buffet was hard to find a table at noon but if you went a little earlier or later, no problems.Beach and Pools The pools were numerous and clean and the temp was refreshing but not cold. The beach was the most beautiful I ever seen. The sand was like powdered sugar and the water was the most wonderful shade of turquoise. Kids ClubAs a parent, I felt very comfortable having my children attend the kids club. They had organized activities from 10 鈥?4 and they participated in the show on the stage at 8pm. I only have the Club Med鈥檚 mini club to compare it too. I was disappointed with what was offered and thought my children would be, too. However, they loved it. Magnolia, Devora, Chuchu and Orlando were wonderful! They did sports and sand castles but never got around to swimming. I didn鈥檛 have a problem with that b/c we always picked them up at 2 and did the pool or beach thing with them until dinner. BarsI found the drinks to be fine. We did not have a bubba keg, so the frozen drinks didn鈥檛 stay frozen for long. I think if we go back, we will bring the bubba keg. Not to get more of a drink but keep it frozen longer. Service was great, too.We did venture to Mangu one night. We were told by the front desk that admission/cover charge is free if you are staying at the Grand Flamenco. This disco is actually 3 in one. It is free to enter if you are a guest at the GF鈥?only if you go into the place that plays music like we have in clubs in the states. They had one that was played 鈥渢echno music鈥?that had a $10 cover. There is another part that played latin music and I鈥檓 not sure if there was a cover to that. The part we went in was fine but I was cautious b/c it reminded me of the club Great White played in and then caught fire and no one could get out. Sooo, we stayed near the front. It was a young crowd but a lot of fun.Over all OpinionI highly recommend this resort. I would say if you can swing it, go Royal club. I totally feel it was worth it. I truly felt extra special staying in that complex. It made making reservations for the a la cart restaurants sooo easy and they just seemed to put the extra effort to make it that much more special. We were not bothered at all by the time share people. We were asked once and then never bothered again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Grounds, Beach Beautiful , Rooms Terrible, Service Good. Well, Just returned and had a nice time, the beach is beautiful but keep in mind the beach goes for miles and is full of hotels who can attest to that as well, the service was average, most bars very friendly, buffet restuarant service very poor and unfriendly, Greeters at the door at the buffet restaurant if you were spanish they were very friendly if not most times got a cold shoulder. Front desk staff very good, Restaurants service excellent. Now lets get to the Rooms I have stayed at 9 resorts over the years and these rooms by far are the worst I have ever seen, have not been updated in over 20 years, ours was infested with ants as well as other critters. The furniture was old and not functional, the bed linen old and used. Room sevice tried their best and worked hard to try and keeps rooms looking clean, the bathroom, tub rusty, shower very weak and hardly functional, tiles discolored and cracked. Many guests had the same complaints. One good point is that the grounds are beautiful and they constanly are grooming the grounds and keeping everything very clean and neat. I would not reccommend this hotel to anyone, and I will go back to Bravaro Beach its he nicest I have seen in years it goes for miles. Also the hotel is full of agents trying to sell you Time Share, they are pests and never leave you alone, very pushy.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mixie23
<Content>C'mon People, It's Not THAT Bad!               More photos  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tip well and get treated royally Just returned on April 21 from this resort, and had a great time. I was in Puerto Plata in November, this was a totally different experience. This is a very family oriented resort, lots of kids and families, and teens from 13-18. My friend and I are both 35 year old unmarried women, and didnt really find a ton of people our age, although we met a few. The resort is lovely, very clean, good food, and we tipped our housekeeper and certain bartenders and waitresses $20 each first day, and received incredible service the rest of the trip. Never had an empty drink in front of us at the lobby bar, and in room fridge was stocked with beer and soft drinks every day.Would recommend doing the day trips, Bavarro Runners was fun, and the Aquatic james bond speedboat and snorkelling trip was great! The beach and ocean are awesome.Our room was clean, the resort overall was very clean, and the staff super friendly and tons of fun. Would recommend this resort, especially for families, as they have lots for kids to do.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Eff3
<Content>An Occidental GRAND time My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Flamenco April 9th -16th, 2006. Despite two days of rain, we had a fabulous time. Check-in:Check-in was quick and easy. We stayed in building 13, right next to the beach. This was very convenient to use the bathroom periodically while relaxing on the beach.Rooms:Rooms look exactly as they do in photos. Rooms are spacious with a large balcony. The shower curtains were a bit moldy, but nonetheless I was pleased with the size. The second floor is best floor b/c the 3rd floor floods when it rains and there is little privacy on 1st floor patios. During peak hours, water pressure and temperature were affected. Service:In contrast to many reviews I have read, we experienced great service. We left 3-4 dollars and a small gift from the dollar store each day for the maids. In return, the maids left extra towels shaped in hearts and swans decorated with flowers for us everyday. However, we did meet some guests who had belongings missing from there room, so be sure to put all valuables in the in-room safe. The cost is 15 bucks at check-in, well worth it. The entertainers tried to get everyone up and dancing at all times, we had good times with them. At the buffets you may experience slow service, but with 800+ rooms what do you expect. Service in the a la carte restaurants leaves you feel more catered to. Workers are always doing their jobs, whether it is sweeping off sand on walkways, clearing tables, meeting guests needs, etc. Just remember to be friendly and you will always be greeted with smiles in return.Pools:There are 3 large lagoon-shaped pools. They are gorgeous. However, the pools are only 4ft deep max, a bit shallow for adults. Get up early for chairs and huts.Beach:The beach is absolutely breath taking. Palm trees all over and sand that oddly never gets hot. My only small complaint was that there was quite a bit if seaweed in the water. Nothing the resorts can do about that though. Lastly, if you want a hut be sure to get up super early (6am), otherwise you can always find loungers on the beach. Food:Just average. The buffets offer a large variety of foods, I'm sure you will be able to find something you like. Breakfast buffets were the best and tasted most like food from home. We ate eggs over easy, omlettes, pancakes, frenchtoast, etc. YUMMY! Lunch and dinner buffets were just okay. My boyfriend found more foods he liked than I did. The buffet closest to the beach is the best. There you can find authentic Spanish foods like platanos, paella, and penil (roast pork, Mmmm.) On most nights, we usually ate brick-oven pizzas and empanadas. Empanadas are the only food you will find open and available on the resort after 11pm. Empanadas are great. We went to 2 a la carte restaurants, Steakhouse and Italian. Don't waste your time, Italian was very bland and the Steakhouse was Brazilian style giving you slabs of various meats. There is a 7 minute wait in between meat servings, not so great if youre hungry. In my opinion, stick to the buffets, empanadas, and pizza.Mangu:Mangu is the dico on the resort. The admission is free for resort guests, but drinks cost about 4 bucks each, not bad. The disco is 2 floors playing hiphop, reggaeton, and spanish on the main floor and house/techno on the second floor. The disco doesnt get hoppin' until 1am. We had a great time there, made it three times!Sickness:I had a few stomach upsets due to the fact that the water is not suitable for consumption. On the day of departure, I experieced very similar symptons of Montezumas Revenge, with vioelent diarrhea, cramping, and vomitting. I must say Ive never experienced stomach pains like that before. On the other hand, my boyfriend didnt experience any. So, brush your teeth with bottled water and be smart about foods washed in water, etc.Resort Guests:I must say the best part of my vacation was the people we met. We met great people from Cali, Austria, NJ, Vegas, Chicago, etc. We have already contacted each other through emails and hope we keep in touch.Mosquitos:Mosquitos are an issue in the Dominican Republic. I put on bug spray daily and burned a citronella candle nightly in my room. I still managed to get eaten alive, approximately 20 bites all of which were on my legs, ankles, and feet. So bring bugspray and anti-itch creams.Excursions:Since it was Holy Week there wrre no motorized sports available from the 12th on. Instead, we got massages that cost 90 bucks each for 80 min pp. I wasn't pleased but my boyfriend was. Casino:Very small, the size of an average kitchen. Quite disappointing if youre a gambler.Overall:We had a great time together, We took tons of pics, met great people, got good sun tans and enjoyed ourselves. Be open minded and I'm sure you will experience the same.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Leaky room Just returned from Punta Cana, April 14, 2006. We were there for a week...Things about this resort:Food AdverageBeach BeautifulGrounds clean and appealingService UnfriendlyRooms, old, need updating, and leak,,,, We actually had to move our bed around the room to avoid being dripped on. No hot water or pressure in shower.Beach towels, not enough to go around and very hard to get new ones.Beware of the beach hogs, these are people that get up in the middle of the night some time go down to the beach lay their beach towels under the palapas, and go back to bed, not to show up at the beach until 10 or 11 am. There is no available shade left for people who come to the beach early and stay. I even got up one morning (5:30 am) to watch the sun rise to try to get a palapa only to find most were already saved... Cannot get change on resort for a $20.00 American bill so you cannot buy anythingLove Punta Cana, dislike this resort. Beware if booking this resort.This resort should be rated 2 star, the food however is that of a 3 or 4 star. Everything else needs to be overhauled. In heavy rains the sewer backs up... That was my favorite part,,, walking through puddles on your way home from dinner smelling a backed up sewer... ech what is it you are stepping in... Wanna know...???  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>fina555
<Content>Fabulous time! Rufina From Bronx, New York My boyfriend and I just returned last night from a great 5 days at the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana. I read many reviews so I thought it was only fair that I post my own review of the place. I was worried upon reading some of them and I will definitely say that it was great. Yes the room needed and update but we did not spend much time there. The beach was absolutely gorgeous. Food: The breakfast and the buffets was really good. We found that the house wine was good. I have read many reviews to the contrary. We hate at the Italian place and the Oriental restaurant. The Oriental was exceptional. It was difficult getting reservations for these but they had cancellations so we were accommodated. The lunch buffet was right by the beach so we didn't have far to walk and you can go in your bathing suit. There is definitely enought variety at the buffet. We were very satisfied with the food and the property has a jogging trail so we were able to run evey morning while we were there. That worked out because you need to be on the beach by 6:00am in order to get a shaded spot. We didn't mind because we were up for our run. Beach: The beach had a bar on one side of it. this is the side we stayed at the entire time. The other side was noiser with the people trying to entertain with beach activities. Activities: We rushed booking our tours, if we had waited another day we may have done better with the pricing. You should walk on block off the property and look into the tours outside of the resort. We went on the Dune buggy and snorkeling. they were both great.Entertainment: this was pretty good. We went to the Mangu for 15 minutes and didn't like the music. We never made it back because with all of the sun and food we were too tired fo the club. In summary you can't beat this place for the price we paid compared to other resorts. If you want nicer rooms and a more updated property then go somewhere else. But if you just want a beautiful beach, good food and you have good company like I had then the rest does not matter.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Relaxing TIme We just returned from Spring Break 4/9-4/16 I had read some reviews and was very hesitant about going. I have stayed at Four Seasons and Holiday Inns so I am an experianced traveler. We loved this place. The people were very nice, the buffets were excellent with plenty of choices for my picky children and the beach is amazing. Its large, sandy and just plain wonderful. I did follow advice on one posting and put a $5 bill every morning for the maid. She gave us extra towels, overstocked the minibar and would leave flowers for us. This is a great place to take a family and relax. The rooms were clean and the reseort is amazingly clean. People are constantly cleaning the paths and the beach.I have no idea were people come up with the negative comments they had. If you smile at people try out a few words of spanish every one is friendly and they try to help you. As for the vacation club salesman, just tell them no with a smile and they stop trying to sell you.I would also recommend staying with the buffets, the specialty restaurants are ok, but not worth waiting in line to make reservations.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amandajo22
<Content>OK time My Boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Flamenco resort from March 18th -March 25th. The resort was beautiful!!! The grounds were clean and our room was also very clean and very big!! The beaches are AMAZING! It is very hard to find a chair most times though.. We booked through Air Transit and booked the premium package....Don't waste your money!! You are supposed to get fast check in (it took us 5 hours to get our room.) WIth this package you are supposed to have a place on the beach for people who booked this package....It was impossible to find a place to sit in that area so we were by the pool most of the time, which wasn't a bad thing cause the pools are beautiful! We even got up at 6am one morning to try and reserve some chairs but there was still none then!The staff are pretty helpful and friendly!There is a language barrier here though!! Just say hola and smile! Don't get cought up with the staff who talk about Allegro Timeshares!!!! We did and it was 3 hours..But we did not know what we were getting in to! The food was not for us! But we have been to cuba before and we kind of expected that...anyway most people seemed to love it!The people on the beach are really aggressive and will pretty much grab you and take you to look at their things! so just don't go alone!Well all in all it was a pretty good vacation with some minor things! Hope you enjoy!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mega Pampering My daughter-in-law and I stayed at the Grand Flamenco, Punta Cana from April 1st to April 8th and to say the least, it surpassed our expectations. The grounds were spotless, the beach was awesome, the staff went out of their way to make your stay more then enjoyable. After reading some negative reviews before our trip, of course we were nervous, but all I can say is Don't sweat the small things. The food, everything was all you could hope for. If I had to find someting to complain about, they forgot to provide us with slippers. Big Deal! I hope in my lifetime to return to this resort for it left me with alot of wonderful memories.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>better than expected In advance of our trip I read the comments on trip advisor and had very low expectations of the Occidental. To my surprise we had an excellent time. The grounds were just beautiful. The beach was incredible. Beautiful warm water and soft white sand.The hotel beach entertainment was great. The staff were very kind and friendly. The pools were awsome...esp. for my young children.THe rooms were very modest. We had an ocean view which made the room just perfect. It is worth the upgrade. Go for the money!!!! it is well worth the upgrade. You will overlook all the other flaws of the room. The bathrooms need a major upgrade. But you are not there to spend time in the bathroom. Fortunalty no one in my family got sick!!! The food was ok. Stay away from the ala carte resturants. The steak house was terrible!!! the buffets were good. The drinks were endless!!!! Words of advice. Tip your room cleaner on the first day.and every other day. We made the mistake and gave house housecleaner $20 upon arrival and the 2 says later we had a new maid. In total we tipped the maids $40.00. If you tip at the bar you will get great service. We also tip the waiters at dinner.Overall the beaches, pools and beautiful grounds made this hotel worth the trip. Also make sure you have a good umbrella in you room. When it rains it pours!!Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time!!       view from our room  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the experience We traveled on vacation from April 4, 2006- April 12, 2006. At checkin our rooms were not available. My mother is physically disabled, therefore it was extremely important that our rooms were next to one another, and our room were in close proximity of everything. Any issue that we encountered, in my opinion was handled with prompt, courteous service. My 9 year old son did not enjoy the Kid's Club because of the age difference, however he met kids his age around the beach area and around the resort. Many employees were bilingual, which made conversations and requests at ease and clearly understood. I speak Spanish fluently as well, therefore our vacation went smooth as well. The food... ok. Many of the specialty restaunts were distasteful.. but the buffet provided lots of different foods. Overall our stay was well deserved, accommodated and I will give this resort thumbs up! Also, I fell in love there!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LCS242
<Content>Great Resort-Don't listen to the whiners We went to the resort having never been to the D.R and were very pleased with it!! When you are in paradise it is hard not to be. The food was good enough and rooms were clean and large. No need to complain and moan like all of these other pretentious reviewers. The grounds, the beach, the water....all beautiful. If you wanted to go to the Ritz on the beach then maybe not for you but I was more than satisfied.Also: the people there are super helpful and very warm. They are proud of their country and a few do not speak fluent English. If this bothers you, go to a different Island. I personally loved conversing in a different language and got a lot of out the culture as well as the dialect.Highly reccommended and don't believe all the bad reviews b/c this place is very nice if you are a normal person who can appeciate a great vacation without letting yourself get bent out of shape by the country's entrance tax.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Vacation My boyfriend and I traveled to the Dominican Republic from April 2-9 and stayed at this property. I will try to give you a honest review of this hotel, I have travelled to the Dominican prior to this vacation so have another experience to compare to Check-in - In total it took about 15 minutes They seemed to be organized with all the room keys and packages ready by name. We also got a glass of champagne while we were waiting which was nice.We did have to carry own own bags to the room because we would have had to wait to get the bell boy to bring them up. We were on the third floor but it was still no big deal Room - Exactly like the photos on the website. We had really good maid service while we were there. I didn't see a bug in our room the entire week, We also got turn-down service every week. Downside the King bed was 2 small ones pushed together, Not so nice. We had the nice vaulted ceilings which was nice and a seating area and a huge closet. Bathroom was OKAY tubs should be replaced and fixtures too but everything worked. Clean Pool - Was endless, There were three different pools We stayed at the main pool when we were there. The swim up bar is there and it was closest to our room Beach - There were lots of chairs and we were able to find one at any time of the day. The huts are somewhat difficlut to obtain but we managed to get one a couple of times even in the middle of the day The water was warm and clear up until it gets up to your chest. Very clean. Less seaweed at this property then most others. Food - This was average to great depending on what you got. I am a really picky eater my Boyfriend is not and we never went hungry we have a few meals that were awesome (Italian a la carte Steak house i liked that you got a little of each meat from the skewers) the Buffet was usually the same selection but always something to everyones taste. Service - Generally good Great at the a la carte restaurants in our experience. Bar service sometimes slow no longer then the average. The drinks always tasted different i drank Strawberry daquiris 90% of the time and the never seemed to be on the same consistency, The Lobby seemed to have the best drinks of all the bars, You also do not have to tip every drink you get once in a while is decent. Entertainment - This was very entertaining everynight They are very well put together My favorite was the Taino show the last night we were there and I think they are on a weekly rotation So that show is on Saturday night so make sure to catch that one. The have a lot of dance competitions. They also have a lot of activities during the day that we chose not to participate in but the have 2 schedules so you knew where and when they were One on the left hand side of the theatre and one at the activities pool. Check-out - very quick waited about 5 minutes in line and handed her our towel cards and keys and she gave us a card and were done in literally less then 2 minutes Any questions that I can help you with Feel free to contact me Have fun on your vacation and don't sweat the small stuff and you will have a good and relaxing time !!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad...Great Beach Summary: Great Beach, Terrific Pools, Good Drinks, Average Food, Bad RoomsThe BEACH is right out of a movie set. Simply fantastic. Before you eat breakfast, put your beach towels out (you get those at a beach hut, admittedly at the extreme end of the resort's beach)on the beach chairs, and you are set. The POOLS are super. Any comments about too many stairs at this resort are just silly. A few here and there around the pool, and that's it. Of course, there are stairs to your room, but it is the Caribbean, where elevators are in tower hotels only.Try DRINKS at the beach bar, directly on the beach. It's a little hut where you order and pick up, not sit at. Take your drink to your beach chair, and drink Coco loco's, all day long. Infrequently, someone will come to you for a drink order. I took it as a bonus. By the way, it's kind of nice to sit in the lobby area at night and drink a tap beer, if there is a breeze. There's a bar at the end opposite the front desk. Grab a beer and have a seat on a sofa. Now the issues: FOOD, ROOMSFOOD: The buffet room is really very nice. And, the food is really good for breakfast. Excellent, in fact. The issue is, it's basically the same for lunch and dinner, day after day. Good fruit, great platanos, good coffee. I steered clear of most of the fish (to my surprise) and beef, and ate mostly chicken and some pork all week. Desserts aren't very good. Breads look good, but don't taste good. It becomes a bore after 3 days, believe me. When you first get there, you will think that I'm crazy, and that the food is fine, even great. But give it a little time, and you'll end up agreeing with me by the end of the week. By the way, take my advice, and DON'T cave in to convenience by eating at the buffet area near the beach (the regular buffet doesn't allow swimsuits.) Not as good, and non-air-conditioned environment makes the food wilt and look (and taste) pretty awful.As far as the specialty restaurants...each and every one is inferior to the buffet. You go because you think you'll get variety. You will be wrong. I'm not kidding. We ate at every one. The steakhouse is genuinely terrible. The meats at the buffet were better. You can see that all of the foods are coming from the same kitchen, in that the specialty restaurants have no working kitchens, only warm up/holding areas. Thus, the food is fresher at the buffet. And, the specialty restaurants each have a similar salad bar, which is so ludicrously small that you will laugh as 100 of you compete for lettuce around a table that is...no lie...4 ft wide and 8 ft long It's hysterical. What's even funnier is that you won't listen to me, and, craving variety, you will end up booking a reservation at a specialty restaurant, and end up laughing at the salad bar anyway.ROOMS...a bit musty, but hey, it's the Caribbean. The issue is the bathroom. The shower lacks sufficient hot water for a family of four, and is delapidated. Rather sad-looking, really. The a/c...when you check in and enter your room, you need to put a key in the a/c control. If you don't, it won't work, and you will think the a/c doesn't work. For some reason, no one explains this to you at check-in.Entertainment...cheesy, and unbelievably loud. So loud, and runs late enough, that you will not be able to relax or sleep ANYWHERE on the property. Again, you think I am exaggerating. When you go there, and the karaoke (truly a horrifying thing to listen to) begins, you will smile to yourself and say GK was right.Overall--the beach and pool and breakfast and drinks are so good that they easily outweigh the rooms and non-breakfast food and entertainment. If you get a great deal, like we did, you should go. But, I recommend you go for no more than four to five days, because you will tire of the food.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Visitors beware Visited this resort Mar 23 - 30, 2006. The weather was not the best with rain 4 days, however, we still managed to get in a few excursions. At least those of us that were not sick. Conversations with approximately 90 visitors to the hotel, on average 50-60% of visitors had been or were sick. One man from Edmonton, AB was sick in bed for 4 days and appeared to have lost 20 pounds which he could not afford to loose. He was a well travelled individual with current immunizations and took all the preventative measures known. He had called the hotel doctor and was given shots with no result.Another elderly lady had been sick very severe and had been in bed 5 days. She called the hotel doctor and the shot worked for her with a quick recovery.Did not talk to one family that did not have someone sick. Symptoms were similar to Montasuma's Revenge with vomitting, stomach ache, diarhea. All 4 including myself got sick on this trip. My family and I have visited many places and know what foods to be aware of and to drink bottled water, but beware there appear to be no standards in DR. The bottled water is labelled Arctic Clear and is from the DR. I strongly believe that the water purification systems in DR are poorly maintained with no regulations. If you are prepared to drink Pepto before every meal you may have a chance of warding off this disease.The hotels grounds and beach are the main and only attraction at this hotel. The rooms were a disgrace to the chain. I had 2 rooms and you could not look somewhere without finding a problem. Yes, I know some tolerance in a 3rd World country is a prerequisite, but flushing toilets, air conditioners, unbroken beds, roofs that don't leak are a standard expection. Try to complain and the staff are friendly and curtious to hear the sound of your voice but they do not follow up with actions unless you scream at them and they are not distracted between point A and Point B. You should not have to experience this as a guest.This hotel claimed to have been renovated in 1999, which room?The rooms are not secured from inside with chain or dead bolt and you could get an unexpected visitor.Standards and rooms are very inconsistant. Some rooms in other areas of the resort were better and some were even worse.I was embarassed to my family to have chosen such a hotel for our vacation. Ratings are inconsistant and not reliable ** (I give this hotel 2 stars only).With a 9 hour plane trip to this resort from Alberta, there are a lot better places to take a family without the risk of health and safety.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Time We stayed at this resort from January 29-February 5/2006, 5 girls ranging from the ages of 24-28 years old. Overall, a few minor glitches but an excellent time.CHECK-IN - a bit laboured. We had the Air Transat Premium package which included a private express check-in, however after being shuffed from one counter to another finally got our room keys and were on our way to our rooms. (Total time: approx. 45 minutes).ROOM - Our rooms were located in building 25 (near the beach), and on the third floor. The rooms were huge (compared to any other resort I have stayed in in other countries), with cathedral ceilings, and a spacious balcony. The rooms were clean, and the fridges fully stocked with water, soft drinks and beer. SERVICE - Our maid service was good. She thouroughly cleaned our room on a daily basis, and while once in a while forgot the occasional towel (triple occupancy room), she brought us fresh beach towels every evening for the following day. BEACH - One of the most beautiful I have seen. White powdery sand, and turquioise calm water. Immaculately clean, there is always someone walking around picking up garbage. Plenty of beach chairs, however the palapa's seem to be reserved by 9:00am......The sun is hot and STRONG! Pack your SPF 45...there is often a breeze, so the sun's intensity can be deceiving. FOOD - The food was excellent....for a third world country. Honestly, there is LOTS of variety to choose from, and I was completley satisfied with everything I ate in the buffet. I went to all of the a la carte's however, the Oriental was the best. The Mexican was also enjoyable. The Italian and Steakhouse were a little disappointing. The open-air pizzeria was EXCELLENT! The beachfront buffet is really good for lunch! Anyone with an open-mind will not be disappointed with the food selection. BAR/DINING ROOM SERVICE - A little slow, however these people are on Dominican time....everyone is pleasant and obliging. A smile and good attitude will get you quite far!HOTEL GROUNDS - Immaculate! There is always someone sweeping the walkways, grooming the gardens, or washing the floor. POOLS - Nice and clean, not as windy as on the beach. The water was a little cool.ENTERTAINMENT - Nightly entertainment was pretty good, only caught 2 shows....but you could hear them from anywhere on the resort! (LOUD) During the day, the animacion team tried their best to keep everyone entertained and active....there was always something for you to do, if you were so inclined. There is also a club on the resort, Mangu, which seems to be the hot-spot of Punta Cana! We went there every night and had tons of fun!! Cover is free for hotel guests, however drinks are not included. The club gets pretty busy, but does not start up until after mid-night....so be prepared for some late nights! The music is very loud, but it is a lot of fun to dance with local Dominicans.Overall, the Grand Flamenco was an enjoyable experience...and a great winter escape! I would certainly stay here again in the future...in fact I think we are planning to go back this May!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tennisman22
<Content>Interesting Place Stayed at this resort from March 30 - April 6th. This resort is rated a 4* but would give it a 3* rating but we knew that going into the DR.The trip was with Air Transat, the seats are tight, again all charters are the same but the most disappointing thing about flying with Air Transat was thier wonderful meals, on the way there it was a luke warm Harvie's Bacon and Egger and for lunch it was 1/3 of roll of beef wrap, thankful it was only a 1/3 because I couldn't stomach anymore. For a 8 hour flight, the care and service by Transat is a 1*. I will try not to fly with Transat again.When we arrived it was 8:30 PM local time, we went into our room and we noticed 2 small cock roaches in the bathroom, we went to the lobby and told the front desk, by the time we got back to our rooms the they had sprayed the batchroom and never saw another cockrocah for the rest of the trip...the maid Yolinda was out standing she looked after us and did everything we asked.We ate the Asian, Italian, Mexican and skipped out on the Steak house...they all sucked but the Buffet ruled exspecially on Wednesday night as it was seafood night, this meal was a 5* for my wife and I.The drinks are strong it took me 4 hours to finish a rum and coke, had to keep going back to get more coke!The beer was good and the bartenders great at each bar, my fav was the beach bar it is the best, my recommendation is the Playa Special.The shopping down there is an experience of a life time, the prices are so high to begin with, its crazy...looking at pictures at 1 point the price started at $859 US and the time I paid for the 2 pictures was $80.....its all over the map...The best part of the trip for my wife and I was meeting some wondeful people! the staff at this hotel are top notch.....the best way to put it is, that I would go back again.....except with a different charter service!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>uggiesbo
<Content>Great hotel The hotel was great. The staff were very friendly and helpful. They speak more than 4 languages, which was very impressive. There were 3 to 4 pools to choose from. You really need to wake up early to save some chairs.The beach is breath taking. The water was so blue and warm. If you want a tiki hut, you HAVE to wake up really early (6:00am) to save it with your towel and shoes. If you expect to be pampered all day long, then this is not the hotel for you. This is one of the most fun hotels in the area. They have lots of entertainment and activities, if you participate.I walked by the Paradisus hotel and it was so quiet and boring, but also beautiful. I like to be active.They had beach and pool aerobics, dancing lessons,shows and etc... I think the best meal was breakfast. The people that are complaining about getting sick because of the eggs, they shouldn't be eating eggs that are raw anyway. Anyone in the states would also get sick like that(common sense).You need to remember that you are in a third world country. You need to be an adult and know what to eat and drink. Don't drink the tap water only drink bottled water, even to brush your teeth.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it! This resort was the wrost resort we have ever stayed in! Not sure if it is the chain or the Dominicans but we found the staff to be rude, not helpful and almost seemed like we were bothering them since they had to work! The food was bland, we found ourselves waiting in buffet lines waiting for meats to be carved, saw the same food items at dinner and breakfast, had to ask repeatedly for things like coffee and milk; the rooms looked like something from the 70s, there were never enough towels, the shower water was cold around dinner time... The pools and beach were nice but not enough for us to ever go back to the Dominican Republic! Overall, for American standards and service expections, IT WAS HORRIBLE!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Buyers Beware! I just returned from my 5 night stay at the occidental grand and I cannot begin to tell you all the things that went wrong. At first I thought that maybe we were too spoiled and it was just us, but as we met more people we heard all of the same complaints. I never met so many people that couldn't wait to go HOME.Checking in--It takes forever!! Honestly it makes standing in line for the DMV seem like a walk in the park. There was a huge line of people when we got there and all you see is about 5 people working behind the desk that are walking around aimlessly. One guys was straightening papers on the back table anther guy was must have walked in the back room like 10 times just to come back with the key to the room. And if someone comes over to complain about a problem they are having with their room (which happens often) all 5 crowd around to take care of the problem leaving the rest of us high and dry. Rooms--Extremeley outdated and smelled of mildew. If you request a king the best you will get is 2 doubles pushed together (and for whoever gets stuck sleeping on the inside be prepared to sleep in the crack of the 2 beds the whole night) Bathrooms were gross. Luckily we never had a problem with getting hot water and the water pressure was not so bad for an old shower. The tubs are rusty and the shower curtains are pretty gross. As mentioned in other reviews the refrigerator only has 2 waters a pepsi and a 7-up (make sure you save some of the water to brush your teeth with...don't trust the water in the fountains)FOOD--Absolutely repulsive!! By the end of the trip I was beginning to look forward to the food that they serve on the airplane--and that has never happened!Breakfast For the most part nothing ever seemed to be fresh, eggs were runny, everything was cold and there are flies everywhere. Stick with the bread, the fruit and the omlets (just make sure they are cooked all the way)Lunch was not so great either. Everything sits out with bugs everywhere. We usually filled up on french fries from the pool bar, pizza from the bar by the beach and lots and lots of ice cream (when they didn't run out)Dinner---that was by far the worst..stick with brick oven pizza and the empanadas (although the last night my boyfriend became violently ill and the only thing that he ate all day that i didn't was the chicken empenada so be carefull) If you dare to eat at the restaurants the only advise I have is make them as soon as you get there and make sure you are on time or they will not let you in.The Grounds--Pool was nice, beach was beautiful and over all everything was kept well. No big bugs or lizards that I saw which was a plus but bring something for the mosquitos! If it rains BE CAREFUL...the sidewalks are extremely slippery people were falling left and rightStay away from the people that are trying to give you free stuff in the lobby. They sit you in a room and talk to you for about 60 minutes about how great the occidental hotels are--total waist of time! Do not buy anything from the gift stores if possible they are a total rip off...I forgot aloe and had to buy it there and it cost $15 US for the smallest bottle I could find. They know that you are stuck and have to buy from them so they can get you.Overall--if you haven't booked it yet DON'T, if you have and you can get out of it I would suggest that you do!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>danlandia
<Content>Great hotel, could use some renos... Just got back from this resort, stayed March 26th - April 2nd and unfortunately, we had incredibly lousy weather. Rained virtually all week from day to night. Still had a good time though.This resort is definately catered to couples and families but if you are a large group of friends, you will have a blast because the animacion is very active and there is a night club, mangu right on the resort which is the hot spot of punta cana at night. The resort also has some nightly shows which are pretty entertaining... The hotel is nice and very well maintained. All staff greet you with a OLA at all times of the day and the staff is very nice, especially if you throw in some spanish words. I don't understand how anybody can say that the staff is rude because they are some of the nicest people I have seen. I've been to four different resorts in 3 different countries and I never had any problems. It's crazy to hear some people just seemingly wanting to complain about something... Anyways, the only thing I can complain about is the room. It's quite big but damn, that bathroom door is so thin, you can hear everything that is going on in your bathroom and in the bathroom in the other room. As for the towels, we always got new ones everyday. I don't know if people know this or not but in order to get new towels, you must put the used ones in the bathtub or else they will not replace them. It's written on that little card on the counter...As for beach towels, get there before 10 or else they will run out for the day.Food was awesome, lots of restaurants to choose from. We tried all of them except the oriental (booked solid all week) and Italian (by choice). The Mexican restaurant is great but the steak house is more of a Brazilian restaurant where they bring you different meats with no menu to choose from. It was dissapointing because I was expecting a nice steak but it was very good anyways.. They should probably call it a Brazilian restaurant to tame expectations... The buffet was very good as well and even breakfast was good there too... One tip about eating at the buffets, stay away from anything that is washed with water and not cooked (ex. salad, apples, etc...), seafood (at least the fried squid) and anything in a funky sauce that looks a little too weird. Seriously though, the food is good, just be cautious... They also have a pizzaria which does not require reservations and a Dominican crepes restaurant which serves a type of crepes filled with various meats and or cheeses. These are open from 6:30 - 10pm, great for snacks. The only restaurant I didn't like was the homerun snack bar. It's burgers, hot dogs and fries but it's just not good unless the restaurant just opened and the food is just out of the oven or frying pan.The beach grounds are the nicest I have seen so far. Sand is white without any rocks or shells whatsoever and the palm trees on the sand are gorgeous. The little huts are always occupied and I think people start reserving them at 5 or something because we never got any and we got to the beach at like 8:30. At least the palm trees offer some shade. The water is not as nice as Varadero or Cancun but still very nice. The water is rougher because it is the atlantic ocean and not the carribean sea. Even though we had real bad weather, the beach was still very nice. The pool is gorgeous and there is a bar by the pool. It's not as rowdy as in Cancun or anything, so you don't have to worry about anybody peeing in the water (at least not with our group of people).Finally, last thing, we took one excursion to Saona Island. This excursion cost us $78 and it's nothing more than a chance to go on a sailboat for about two hours with unlimited rum and cerveza. You get a chance to go swimming and eat on saona island which is on the carribean sea and the water is a lot calmer and more turqoise than Punta Cana. After a few hours there, you get to mount a speed boat (which is totally awesome) where the guides bring you swimming in another part of the ocean where the water is really low and you get a chance to see star fish and on some occasions, dolphins (I doubt that though). You stay about an hour there and on the last stop with the speed boat, the guide brings you to a spot to snorkel. During all this, they keep serving you vitamina (rum). Honestly, to truly enjoy it, just take advantage of the alcohol because without it, you will probably be disappointed with that excursion. Last tip, bargain everything... Believe me, just bargain everything at stores and shops... If you think they're giving you the lowest prices, just keep going. Don't pay more than $3-$4 for 1lb of domincan coffee, we found out the hard way...Hope this was helpful  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jim'n'Maggie
<Content>Loved This Place!!       very well kept grounds  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Memories Spoiled By Allegro Vacation Club We booked this holiday as a special treat for my 50th birthday last year.Although looking a little 'tired' the rooms were OK, quite basic and comfortable enough.We generally took our meals in the buffet restaurant except for one night when we dined at the 'steakhouse' which didn't exactly match our interpretation of steakhouse! I quite enjoyed it but my husband, expecting to get his teeth round a good piece of steak was left rather disappointed by the mix of meats carved from an oversized skewer.The beaches are fabulous, the water amazingly clear and the local people friendly.We honestly thought we had dropped into the outskirts of paradise and we duly reported these sentiments to family and friends with a recommendation to stay here.Unfortunately while there we were 'persuaded' to join the Vacation Club. My recommendation to the same family and friends now is not to stay there. We also now feel that our memories of what was a wonderful holiday have been tainted so that we will most certainly not go back to the Grand Flamenco even possibly giving the Dominican Republic a wide berth because of the way we've been treated by Allegro Vacation Club.I would welcome comments from any other Club members.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Place on Earth!!!!!!!!       nice job...sleeping!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the Best       The Beach  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the good and the bad My husband works for the airline and so i have been to a few resort. I booked my trip three week in advanced and paid up front. I recieved my confirmation from the agent. when i arrived at the resort i was told that i had no reservation, i called my agent and it took one hour and a half to finally fix this problem which showed that i did have two of the three rooms that i booked another 20-30 minutes to get my last room. I booked for 2 kings room but did not even get one. my daughter room had no a.c. from 5pm till 2a.m. althought it said they had free horse ride they did not say that, free horse ride is at 8:30 in the morning on m-f. last but not least there is no room service so if you go out at dinner time and don't make it back before it done just wait till breakfast to eat.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frygal
<Content>This was really the Accidental Grunge My husband and I just got back from the Occidental Grand Punta Cana, having stayed the week of March 19 to the 26th.This hotel was a huge disappointment. If you have already booked, please use this review to brace yourself. If you haven't yet booked, take heed and look elsewhere, either out of the Dominican Republic completely or at least at another resort that has better reviews.We booked this trip through Air Canada Vacations. Whoever gave this hotel a 4.5 star out of 5 must live in the New York sewer system. Realistically I would rate this a 3 star hotel on a good day.Front of House Staff: We were treated with complete indifference. There is certainly no feeling that they are aiming to please at all at this resort. No explanation of the resort grounds, location of our room, etc. was given other than a map. No bellmen were available to assist us in getting our luggage across the resort to our room. No one ever smiles, either. The lobby is drab and tacky, despite its high ceilings. You feel like you've walked into a Motel 6 dropped in the middle of the Carribbean.Grounds: Well manicured, but not at all lush, very little floral vegetation and boring grounds. The air was often filled with the strong smell of paint as they were painting walkways the entire time. We had visited some friends next door at the Bavaro Principe. Unfortunately this made us jealous as they had very lush, well kept grounds with beautiful stone walkways that were not in need of constant repainting.Rooms: Really big disappointment. The rooms are in need of a complete overhaul. Thankfully we were on the 3rd floor of building 22, which meant that we had very high ceilings with exposed wooden rafters. We did enjoy a quiet floor, however, as we didn't notice any noise outside of our walls.The beds were two doubles pushed together, with terrible sheets that were full of holes and pilling. The bedspread is very threadbare and in need of replacement. Bed linens were not changed on a daily basis. I finally took to pulling all the sheets off the bed and putting them on the floor so they'd get changed daily.The mini bar is nothing special. Just a few bottles of Pepsi and water. No booze.Towels look to be about 5 years old. The handtowels are the size of postage stamps. Be sure to put them in the tub each day otherwise you'll be stuck with the same towels, as well (not great given the humidity and sand from the beach).The shower leaked, the stall had cracked tiles, the shower curtain bar was rusting, and the ceramic was peeling. Ick.Food: Yuck. I have travelled to many other countries, including other Caribbean and Asian resorts, and by far this was the worst food I've ever encountered. I grew up in a multicultural household where I've eaten a lot of different things, so this isn't a Western bias. The food was truly disgusting. Meats and vegetables were all cooked in an enourmous amount of grease. Meat quality was horrible (which I expected) but it was also terribly prepared, and extremely salty. Fruit was fantastic (tough to screw that up). The pizzeria was the best place to eat. At least you could be outside, under the stars, and it's also pretty tough to screw up woodfired pizza. I'd recommend that.The buffet also had soiled chairs, linens, and poor service. There were a lot of flies as well. As with other people's reviews, my husband and I were often getting our own coffee and cutlery, otherwise you'd be waiting for days. Wait staff hardly ever smiled. If you book your a la carte restaurants as soon as you arrive (as we did) you shouldn't have a problem getting in. However, I would advise that it's not worth it, and stick with the Pizzeria instead. We ate at the Mexican restaurant one night. Terrible. The Grille restaurant was even worse. Our beef tasted like the cow had run cross country for weeks and then jumped into a vat of salt water. Very disappointing, so we blew off our reservations at the Oriental and Italian restaurants.Drinks: Great, great coffee. Terrible wine. Tastes like bad home swill. Good luck getting real juice in any of your beverages. It's all basically Tang with bad liquor. The water may or may not be safe to drink (this includes the bottled water, which does not taste like Western bottled water) as filtering in these countries is not held to the same standard as in North America. I did not get sick, but my husband was violently ill for a few days mid-week. So who knows.Entertainment and Activities: Very cheesy. If you've ever seen entertainment on a cruise ship, it's worse. Makes cruise entertainment look like Broadway. One night they had a Miss Flamenco which we expected to be flamenco dancing. Turned out to be a useless pageant involving the sleaziest looking female hotel guests that involved walking down a catwalk repeatedly. Too bad they didn't have a talent show, at least that would have been funny.We enjoyed sea kayaking one day (although the life vests smelled like the worst mildew ever) but declined on the cheesy dance lessons (Dominican line dancing) and snorkeling as there's nothing to see in the water.Beach: Beautiful, beautiful. The highlight of the trip, by far (and good thing as we spent our days there!). This the resort couldn't screw up. White sand, warm water. Hot sun. At least I have a nice tan to show for the trip. It was never hard to find beach chairs, no matter the time of day.Shopping: Total crap. The market outside of the resort in the town of Bavaro was terrible. Pushy vendors and the only stuff they sell, apparently, is junk (unless ashtrays with large breasts carved into them are your thing).To conclude, I suppose I could add a disclaimer indicating that I'm writing this review in a foul mood; however, we must indicate that we were prepared to simply relax and treat things with a who cares, we're on holiday attitude. The fact is we went into this holiday with an open mind, having read the reviews, and did have every intention of tipping when appropriate. It just ended up that we decided to stop tipping when the service wouldn't change whether we did or not. We decided to siimply enjoy the good moments and appreciate the nice things that we could. I am very cognisant that we were in a relatively poor country; however, millions of dollars have been poured into these resorts by European companies and they haven't been properly upkept dispite incoming revenues. There's no excuse for how rundown everything is and how lacksadaisical the staff behaved. I've been in poorer countries were we were at least treated with much more hospitality and made to feel special, which you should, at these places. The place was a dive, for lack of a better term. Go elsewhere! Trust me! You'll thank me!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ellesmere
<Content>Beautiful Beach This review is for all those Brits out there who are thinking of booking the Grand Flamenco. We stayed there last august and had a wonderful time. I'll be honest and say that I was disappointed with our room - it was a bit shabby but clean. The hotel is enormous and I don't think I would want to stay anywhere quite so big again - a little busy for our tastes. However there was always room by the pool or on the beach.The beach is gorgeous - just what you imagine a caribbean beach to be and the reason we endure a 9 hour flight. The food in the buffets was fine - not gourmet standard but we never went hungry. We wouldn't recommend the Italian or Mexican but the pizza restaurant was fine.I didn't enjoy going into Bavarro shops - the locals are desperate for you to spend money and it became overwhelming. Evenings were fun - the shows are good and the bar in reception is lively.We had a great time - especially on the beachIf you are thinking of booking use Eclipse - (-)eclipsedirect(-) - much cheaper than others and you'll fly with First Choice who have recently adpated their planes so that there is more legroom etcPlease feel free to contact me with any questions d-fletcher@tiscali.co.uk  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK Vacation March 1 - March 8, 2006 My boyfriend and I got back from Punta Cana on Wed. March 8, 2006. We are in our mid 20s. We booked the Premium Package with Air Transat thru Exitnow.ca. Overall, we had a great trip...but this resort could have been a lot better. Let me explain... Flight  Check-InWe departed at 8:00am Toronto time and got to Punta Cana at about 1pm their time. They are one hour ahead of us. The flight there was fine. We slept most of the time and it took about 4 hours to get there. There's not enough leg room w/ Air Transat but I still think the service is better than SkyService. Make sure you take the shuttle bus to your resort and NOT the cab. They don't have seatbelts in the back seat and everyone drives like they're crazy in the Dominican. People are always cutting other people off...it's really scary. Check-in at the resort was pretty fast w/ the Air Transat package. Make sure you go to the Air Transat check-in booth and not the regular check-in area. You will get a green bracelet and apparently you can only get rooms in Building 23 and 24 b/c they have it exclusively set for Air Transat packages. Room (BAD)We didn't bother to try and get a king bed at check-in because we were so exhausted and just wanted to settle in already so we stuck w/ the two double beds....they were more like full beds..really small. So we ended up getting a room in building 24 on the third floor. Your have to put your key card in a slot for power. We had the corner room facing the Palladium resort. Our balcony was pretty nice and big. The room itself is fairly big with high ceilings. However...it really needs a makeover. Our bedside table was falling apart and the cover sheets looked like they hadn't been changed for ages. Our bathroom was big...but it was kind of useless to have a big bathroom and no sitting area. The shower pressure was actually good for us but the water never drained properly so it was like we were having a shower and a bath at the same time! Gross. The door is really thin and u can hear everyone going by your room. The fridge was filled w/ pop, water and beer. We used the bottled water to brush our teeth. Our maid seemed nice but she did not end up giving us beach towels everyday. I tipped her a dollar a day and also gave her some makeup and other little things i bought at the dollar store. But really...I don't think they are as poor as u think they are. Everyone we saw had on nice shoes...and there were a lot of nice cars around. But anyhow, it was just such a hassle b/c with Air Transat it's part of our package so we expected beach towels everyday in our room. We didn't have towel cards...so we couldn't just go and get a beach towel. And everytime we called frontdesk to ask for our beach towels they would say ok but never delivered them. FRONT DESK has the WORST service! You can't count on them for anything. We just ended up stealing beach towels off the maid's cleaning cart most of the time. So if they're not going to give it to us...we'll just get it ourselves. Beach (GOOD)The beach is beautiful in Punta Cana. It was a little packed at this resort but the water was nice and clear and there was not a lot of seaweed at all. I love the palm trees along the beach. My boyfriend tried reaching his brother at the Catalonia resort but they kept telling him that his brother's name was not listed...I think they just had bad service and was too lazy to go find his name. So my boyfriend and I walked 4 hours along the beach to the resort his brother was staying at (Catalonia Bavaro). We didn't think it would take us that long....but boy were we ever wrong. We walked by so many different resorts and around 4 or 5 penninsulas. There are some parts of the beach that were nicer than others. Some 4-5 stars hotel had more seaweed than the 3 1/2 stars IFA Bavaro resort...that sucked. I'm just glad the beach at our resort was nice Food(GOOD)I have to say that the food at this resort was really good. There was a different theme every night at the buffet restaurant. I know Wednesday was seafood night with really good lobsters. Monday night was Oriental night and Tuesday night was French night. I'm not sure about the other days... There's always something for everyone....so for ppl that complain that they have blah or nasty food...i really don't know what you're talking about...the food was delicious. Sorry...it's not burgers and fries... Entertainment (GOOD)The entertainment is good...depending on what you like. There was always a show at night (we never took the time to see one)...but everytime we walked by there was always a lot of people watching. Mangu is the disco for this resort. It's apparently the happening place for younger people who want to dance, drink and party. A lot of people from other resorts and even the locals come to this club. They play house/techno upstairs and salsa/merengue/RB/hiphop and reggae downstairs. I had a good time there. Excursion (OK)We went to Manati Park to swim w/ the dolphins. I felt so sorry for those poor dolpins stuck in that little pool. There's 3 dolpins but they're stuck in the smallest pool ever! If i had known...i wouldn't have gone to swim with the dolpins there....you just feel so sad for them. And the park itself is really sad....all the animals are in cages. If you're scared of iguanas...don't go there b/c they are probably the only thing walking around everywhere in the park. They could make this park a lot better...$70 US to go into this park and swim w/ the dolpins for 10mins is not worth it if they are not putting that money towards the animals. Service (BAD)The service at this resort is terrible. It's really fustrating...don't count on the front desk for anything. The service at the bars are pretty good...and depending on where you're sitting in the buffet restaurant...it's 50/50.  Check out  Flight BackCheck out was quick and easy. Waiting in line at the airport sucked. Make sure you have $20 US for departure taxes. Our flight back took longer...about 5 hours.  Btw, they jack up the prices for everything in Punta Cana. Everything is 3x more expensive than it should be. Do not be fooled! Don't ever pay full price! It's ridiculous! Mexico was sooo much cheaper... OverallWe had a great trip and we would recommend Punta Cana..It's beautiful there. Don't mind the Europeans...some of them will always be rude...and this resort wasn't that bad...but it could be a lot better. I wouldn't recommend this resort for honeymooners. But overall...what really counts is good food and a nice beach...and this resort had it....so i would still recommend this resort to everyone else. I rate this resort as a 3 stars.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW! WOW!       new day  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty good! This place is really nice...but you have to know what you are going there for. A FUN RELAXING VACATION!The beaches are AMAZING...pure white sand, turquoise waters...the temperature down by the beach is beautiful, a nice breeze. The resort in itself is older, rooms could use some renovating, the food is good at first but monotonous aftre a few days...Las Reses (the reservation only steakhouse)was dissapointing...we found it to be VERY average and the setup is bizarre. They serve you meat off of sticks, there is no menu to choose from. I found thefood to be average tasting..not what i was expecting. The italian restaurant, though, was delicious. The people i found to be VERY helpful, but you have to be willing to tip...a little goes a long way remember...we tipped above the norm, and as such were always given EXCELLENT service. Shops on the resort are pricey compared to the Bavaro shopping plaza (only a 5 minute walk). A note to those heading off the resort, dont go alone...the people can be very aggressive.Overall a nice place! Would definitely visit again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful grounds!       Great view  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved every minute... We just got back and already miss it!!!Go and make up your own mind..The Occidental Grand Flamenco was great. I never read anything about the Royal Club but that is definitely the way to go. Our travel agent suggested this and we took him up on it. I wouldn't go any other way. When we got to the main resort lobby (which is so pretty) we told them outside that we were staying at the Royal Club. They immediately loaded up our bags on a cart, we got in and rode to The Royal Club. Upon entereing, we were greeted with a glass of Champagne and checked in. We had requested three rooms because there were 8 of us. Two adults, 4 15 year olds, and 2 17 year olds. They put us in two different buildings. This was fine because there are only three close buildings in this area and its small and safe. The Royal club pool and its own beach area are feet away. Also, the Royal Club restaurant is excellent with great waiters at your beck and call..The food is great, coffee, snacks and call brand liquors in the afternoon with snacks. The beach is breathtaking! The water is turquoise and beautiful. As stated in other reviews, you can take your towels out and reserve your spot on the beach. The Royal Club has its own area and there is no problem getting an umbrella and chairs.We booked restaurants right when we checked in for every night we wanted. The Oriental is great. Fast, wonderful service and great food. The Mexican is so slow and food is not worth the wait. They are so unorganized in there that even several drinks (if you get them) will not make the wait or food better. Skip this one!!! The Italian place was good, a little slow but you are on Dominican Republic time. The brick oven pizza place is good and you can hear the entertainment from here. We were so spoiled staying at the Royal Club and food and service were so good, we ate there the other nights. The Royal Club does not cost that much more per night and is sooooo worth it.Banana boating and snorkeling are extra, as is parasailing, windsurfing and other things. This was a great place to go. I hate sharing the secret. It will soon be too crowded to go to!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Occidental Grand Fantastic I have traveled all over and this hotel was by far the absolute best. The service was incredible. Anyone who claims they received bad service was just to cheap to tip these people that live in an almost 3rd world country. We were prepared to tip all of the people that serviced us and it paid off. Not at all like the USA where you have to tip over 25% to even get a thank you. We tipped to start and 1 or 2 dollars meant a real lot to these people. We were treated kind and every single staff member was polite. The lanuage barrier was not a problem. Any of the senior staff members spoke several different languages. As for children no all inclusive (alcohol) resort is for children. Not small ones anyway, but I did notice that they had constant activities geared toward children of all ages . We would return to this resort again and eat the food consume the alcohol and enjoy the fun and sun. do not even believe any of these terrible reviews that people write, most people are capable of enjoying a vacation in the sun.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Clk166
<Content>Fun, Beautiful Vacation!! My boyfriend and I (20 and 22) stayed here from March 5-11. We have both visited many Caribbean islands so we have something to compare this to. We are not hard to please and are very easy going people, and we had a great time on this trip. We booked with Liberty Travel from Chicago. I'm writing a long report filled with info I would like to know before I go away...so enjoy!!The Airport: The airport is very nice for a small airport. It is very islandy, with thatched roofs, and you climb down from the plane and walk to the terminal. The hot weather feels great after sitting in the plane for so long. When you get into the airport you will stop and get your picture taken with two women dressed in Dominican outfits. You can buy these when you return for your flight home if you want. When you get past this, there will be a booth that you have to stop at and pay $10 for a little card to enter the country (this is different than then on you fill out on the plane). After this you get in line, the man stamps your passport, takes the card, and you pick up your bags. You then find your tour company (ours was Prieto Tours) and you head to the hotel. Prieto tours was excellent - a nice air conditioned van and about a 45 minute drive to the hotel.Check-In: Check in was pretty slow. There were probably 10 groups in line and we were lucky to be in the front. There were maybe 3 people working to check people in. We requested a building (26 or 13) and we got 25, which was near the beach. This took about 20 minutes. They said someone would be around to help us with our luggage, but we just grabbed our bags and brought them to our building ourselves. Not a big deal. Room: We were placed in room 25-108 which was on the first floor. We did not particularly like this as everyone who walked by could look in, so we didnt really want to open our curtains. However, the room was very large and everything worked fine. A couple ways of getting around using the card attached to the key to use the power/ac: Stick the comb from the bathroom into the slot, or take the do not distrub sign, fold it, and stick it in there. This way you can keep the AC on all day so the room is nice and cool when you get back from the beach. We wanted to swtich our room to a room on a higher floor so we went back up to the front desk and spoke to Hilda. She was very helpful. She told us to come by the next day at 1pm when people were checking out and speak to her and she would get us another room. We did just that, and she was able to get us a 3rd floor room in building 26, right on the beach. One thing we learned was that a little niceness will go A LONG way. The desk people are used to people yelling at them all day for trivial things, so if you just speak nicely to them, they will be more inclined to give you what you want or even more (we had our free 25 minute massages upgraded to 55 minutes for free because the man said we were nice, patient people.) Rooms had a mini fridge with 2 large bottles of water, 2 pepsi's and 2 7-Ups. They were refilled every day. There was also coffee and a coffee maker.Grounds: The ground are beautiful, very green, and people are always trimming or cutting to keep them that way. The Allegro Vacation Club people did not bother us much, probably because they saw we were young and therefore would not want/could not afford a time share package.Beach: The beach was BEAUTIFUL. There are some waves, which are fun to play in. We walked for miles each day each day. You could walk forever. To the right there are some beach stores, but they all have the same thing. If you want to avoid them, just dont look at them as you walk by. We went down to the beach every day around 10am to drop off our towels before breakfast and never had any problem finding beach chairs. We were not able to find one of those little shade huts, however, as those are reservd much earlier in the morning. But whatever, it was vacation and we did not feel like waking up earlier to fight for one of those. There was a constant breeze so you never got too too hot, which I really liked. The water is not super warm, but it is very refreshing. I would compare the beaches to Aruba, but with more waves. Just beautiful. They also held aerobics classes and some dance classes on the beach every day. Also, photographers would come around with parrots, or a monkey, or other kinds of animals every day which you could take a picture with and buy later that day.Food:Main Buffet - Overall, this was pretty good. You could always find something to eat. Breakfast was great, and a large selection. Omelets, fried eggs, pastries, pancakes, french toast, and a variety of other things including fresh fruit (the pinapple is excellent!) We had fruit with every meal. We had lunch here once and it was a little nicer and larger selection than the beach buffet.They say no bathing suits, but we saw people in them. Just throw on a coverup and youre good to go. Dinner was overall pretty good. Sunday night was the worst, I'd say. It just got better from there though. Monday night was Asian night and had great beef and chicken satays. Wednesday night there was grilled shrimp and prime rib, both were great! We did not see any lobster though any night. Desserts were very good all week. Great rice pudding. The rest of the nights we ate at a la cartes.Mexican - This was good. Service was a little slow, but I assume because we were only able to get the last seating - 9:15. I had chicken fajitas and my bf had shrimp fajitas and corn soup. Both were good. They give you tortilla chips and some dipping sauces when you sit down. Chocolate cake for dessert was good.Steakhouse - This is a Brazilian Churrascuria style. We have both been to some excellent ones in Aruba and Chicago, so we were dissapointed here. You start by going up and getting a salad at the salad bar then they come around and give you a small sausage, a piece of chicken, a slice of beef (i forget which cut) an a small small filet. The meat was not very good and the chicken was a little over cooked. Dessert was buffet style.Italian - This was good, too. I had the ravioli with pink sauce and he had the chicken canollini. We both enjoyed these. The give you a TON of little ravioli, so if you are hungry, this is a good choice! The menu is mostly a choice of sauces and pasta, and you mix and match. There are also a few entree choices. The apple tart for dessert was only so-so. Pizza - The pizza place wazs so good! It is upstairs by the Italian restaurant and you sit outside, order, and they serve you. It was thin crust and excellent. I highly recommend this. Empanadas - This is upstairs by the Mexican restaurant. You go up to a counter and order. There are many different varieties. My bf enjoyed his. Beach Buffet - Great place for lunch and snacks wile you sit on the beach. I had pizza and fruit every day. There was a pretty good selection of heavy and lighter options. Always fruit and salad available. The soft serve ice cream was GREAT! Home Run Pool Snack Bar - Good for small snacks like hamburgers, hot dogs, nachos, popcorn, fries and onion rings. They also had either chicken, fish or pork selections. Don't expect much when you go here, but the food is not bad. There is also a small bar in there and soda machines and a soft serve ice cream machine. Drinks- They were STRONG! They certainly got the job done haha. We liked the lobby bar the best and thought they made the best drinks. Excursion: We were assigned a tour rep that took care of all our needs while we were there. Ours was from Prieto tours, which also services Go-Go Vacations, and Travelocity, as well as Liberty Travel. We set up our return trip to the airport with him and our Saona trip. You meet all the tour reps in the lobby. There are many for every agency. Anyway, the Saona trip was great. The bus ride was long, but the island was beautiful, and I found it very interesting to drive through Higuey and see how people live. The tour guide on our bus explained things about the country and people to us, which was very interesting. The bus was new and air conditioned, and my bf who usually gets motion sickness from bus rides had no problem at all. We took a catamaran to the island, which was like a booze cruise, and a speed boat back. Great rum and cokes and music on the catamaran. While on the island we sunned and had a beach bbq. The food was pretty good - rice, chicken, fish, fruit, bread, veggies. On the way back on the bus we stopped at a little touristy store to shop for 30 minutes. I recommend this trip, as it gives you a chance to leave the AI setting and be more secluded, which still learning about the country.Airport Back - Our flight was at 5pm and we were pciked up at 2pm. Check out was at 1, so we just ate lunch to fill up the time. It took us about 30 minutes to get through checking in and going through secutiry and everything, but it looked like it woudl take a lot longer. So be patient. Overall, we had an awesome time. As I said before, we are not very picky people and are easy to please. The resort is huge so you definatly get your exercise walking around, which you need after you eat and drink so much! We laughed when we heard people compaining about how they had to walk a lot (young, healthy people). Come on people, its good for you! The staff works really hard and most speak at least 4 languages, so give them a break once in a while! Treat them how you would like to be treated, and know that a little kindness goes a long way. We did not go to Mangu, the night club, as we were usually ready to go to sleep at 10pm. WSe heard it was fun though. Anway, go, have a great time, and RELAX, youre on vacation!!! DO NOT worry if you have booked this trip and have read bad reviews. You will have a great time, how can you not, youre in Punta Cana! Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall...a nice place! My family and I went to Punta Cana for the first time and stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco. Arriving at Punta Cana's airport really makes you know that you are not in your usual country. Upon arriving at the resort, I was impressed by such well kept grounds. The pools are dramatic, the trees and grass are well maicured...and the beach might just be one of the nicest anywhere!After seeing such beauty, I was a little disappointed in the rooms, but that was just because I thought they would be as perfect as the natural surroundings.Although they were not a 5 star type room, they were adequate and kept clean. (I'm just sleeping in them anyway!) The food for the most part was good. Try the food that is native and you'll be pleasantly surprised. If there is food you don't care for, there is enough of a selection that you surely won't go hungry!The resorts guests were a melting pot of people. Such a spectrum of folks made it fun and interesting.Speaking of fun...The Fun Club employees were definately the best. If you don't dance once or laugh at someone who does, play bocci, or enter an arm wrestling contest...you will miss out. This is what makes it all fun!Life is what you make it! So is vacation...Relax and enjoy! Stop reading these silly reviews and have a great time!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>enjoyed our visit My husband and I went to this resort in Feb. We were bumped for three nights due to overbooking, to the Allegro Punta Cana, which is far inferior to this hotel. We travel extensively and have a lot to compare this resort to. In our opinion, we thought that this was a very nice one. We liked the food at the buffet even though I am a fussy eater, and always found something [too much] to eat. Some people just like to complain about everything and we always laugh at these types. I bet none of them eat that well at their own house, but they go away and suddenly they are food critics. Don't worry. YOU WON'T STARVE! In fact, you will probably gain unwanted pounds! The grounds are lovely and the rooms are spacious. we personally never ran out of hot water, but I know that this does happen. People, YOU AREN'T IN THE U.S. OR CANADA. Stay at home if you can't accept that all countries aren't as fortunate as us! The shows in the evening weren't bad at all. In fact, some of them were darn good. Usually at all-inclusives they are pretty bad and we don't bother going to them. We saw every one here. The resort is a couple of blocks from a very small town, which consists mainly of shops, but it is a good place to buy things. Also, there is an internet cafe that is a lot cheaper than the hotel. It's something like $3 for half an hour. If you want to go to the town of Higuey that is where you catch the bus. It's $2 and about a 45 minute ride. We enjoyed getting a break from the resort for a few hours and the town was typical DR. A young boy attached himself to us and showed us around a bit. We gave him a few dollars at the end, even though he never asked for any. He kept the unwanted shop keepers and beggars away, which made it worth it. We had taken school supplies there and he took us to the school which was just across from the bus stop and cathedral.It's true that the management leaves something to be desired. In fact, they are downright unhelpful. I guess if you know this in advance, you can be prepared to be aggressive in getting your needs met. One nice touch was some fruit and a bottle of rum were left in the room. The rum is yours to keep. This was one resort where we always got a chaise lounge around the pool and the beach has a lot of them too. We never got up early to save one. we are on vacation after all. A word of warning. There are a lot of Europeans there and they all smoke! if you have an allergy, I would recommend not even going there. We don't like smokers and it annoyed us to have to try and get away from it, but at least they don't allow it in the dining rooms. The resort is a nice size to walk around. We have been to huge ones on the Mayan Riveira and found them a bit too big. This was perfect. In closing, I want to say go, enjoy yourself and take the negative reviews with a grain of salt. A vacation is what you make of it.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J_Baillie
<Content>Pampered We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana January 25th to March 4th. Let me start by saying that the destination is more important to me than the accommodations. Give me sun and hot temperatures and I鈥檇 be happy in a tent on the beach with peanut butter sandwiches and an unlimited supply of Sol. Having said that, I have stayed at some of the better hotels in both Canada and the US and there is little doubt that I do like to be pampered from time to time.We chose Occidental because of an experience at one of their other resorts in a different country. Even having read the bad reviews here didn鈥檛 faze us we felt comfortable with the name. Although this resort had minuses by comparison it also had pluses. We weren鈥檛 disappointed.Our tour operator was Transat and it is my understanding that as such we may have gotten some upgrades. Don鈥檛 know if everyone gets their own concierge (Julio) in the main lobby, able to make reservations for 5 meals the first day, beach towels in our room, welcoming bottle of rum and bowl of fruit, bathrobes and slippers in the room.This is a big resort. The grounds are beautiful, the pools are excellent, the beach is fantastic, the rooms are large and clean but as some have stated the bathroom fixtures are showing their age and by times there are some plumbing problems but certainly nothing that we got upset over. Language was a non issue for us. There are many that only speak Spanish but we were always able to make ourselves understood. Staff that dealt with the public had enough English to get by and some were fluent in not only English but French, Italian, German and, from my understanding, Dutch. The staff is friendly and hard working. Our maid, Luisa, treated us like royalty. She was there for our every need.Food : Main Buffet 鈥?Breakfast excellent, didn鈥檛 have lunch there, diner was good. Pool restaurant 鈥?food wasn鈥檛 the best but it was convenient for a snack if you were at the pool anyway. Beach restaurant 鈥?Good. Grill restaurant 鈥?Chicken was excellent, pork was good, beef was chewy to say the least. Mexican restaurant 鈥?Excellent. Italian restaurant 鈥?Excellent Plus. Halifax probably has more Pizza restaurants/takeouts per capita than anywhere else in the world. Any pizza I have had in any other country or parts of Canada that I鈥檝e been in can鈥檛 compare, until now. You have to try the Pizza restaurant. Overall we were very satisfied with this resort and hence the rating. Yes we would go back. We were pampered.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ksp
<Content>I'd rather get the plague than go back there My husband and I just returned from an 8 day-7night all-inclusive vacation in the Dominican Republic, staying at the Occidental Grand Punta Cana, Playa Bavaro. We found this entire trip to be completely unacceptable as well as detrimental to our health, insulting to our intelligence, poorly managed and utterly disgusting. We arrived at the Punta Cana Airport on Monday, Feb. 27, and unbeknownst to us, we were expected to pay an additional $30.00 each ($20.00 arrival tax and $10.00 for a tourist card). This does not include another $20.00 a piece when we leave for the departure tax. We were able to get a taxi to the hotel for $25.00 which was considered a bargain since we had to haggle them down from the going rate of $50.00. We took our lives in our hands just getting to the hotel because there doesn't seem to be any kind of traffic laws what-so-ever. When there was a stop sign or traffic light to obey, the driver simply drove right through them without even slowing down.  The appearance of the hotel was well manicured, but that's about as far as it went. Our deluxe room with king size bed consisted of two twin beds, made up separately, pushed together. We were forced to sleep in only one of them because the springs had pushed up through the mattress. Our fully stocked mini-bar had been supplied with 2 bottles of water, 1 Pepsi and 1 7-up all of which were warm due to the fact that the refrigerator did not work. We had no soap, no wash cloths, no bathmat, none of the amenities that were so proudly written about in the room description, however, we did have a non-working smoke alarm, a roof that leaked on a daily basis all over our luggage and our bed (in some areas of the room it got to be 3 inches deep), an odor similar to decaying vegetable matter and a toilet that barely flushed. When we spoke to the front desk they said no problem and we would never hear from them again. We were never able to get a 2nd key for the room and it took a few days to acquire a key for our room safe (for an additional $15.00) apparently because the key man (like the maintenance man) doesn't ever seem to be around.  On Friday, March 3rd, we demanded to change rooms because we were sick and tired of their constant and deliberate misrepresentations and promises. By this time, the entire building we stayed in (bldg. 24) smelled like rotting corpses. We were given a new ocean-view room in bldg. 26. We retrieved our belongings and were instructed to wait for the bellhop to pick us up with his cart to transfer our luggage. He never showed up and no one seemed to care so we carried all of our luggage to another room, in another building, ourselves. When we got there, there was a gentleman hammering (with a screwdriver) trying to repair all the broken furniture, the beds were not made, there were no towels and the air conditioner did not work. We spent the next 4 nights in an extremely hot and humid room, having to get our own towels, soap, toilet paper, and anything else that we may need that was suppose to be included in our all-inclusive room. When we tried to rectify the situation, the employee at the Occidental hotel front desk either replied No habla ingles or No comprendo. Their English seemed to vary and diminish as did the hotel's exchange rate which appeared to fluctuate on an hourly basis.  The food was nauseating to say the least. Many trips to the bathroom were necessary and towards the end of our vacation, vomiting became almost a daily ritual. The only water we drank was bottled water they had given us, that is, when they had it. Several times we were told they were out of it or it was locked up. We even gave up drinking anything that required ice for fear of getting sicker. When we dined, at any time of day, the tables were always soiled. At almost every meal we would have to get our own eating utensils, cups, coffee, leche, water, and napkins of any kind were a rarity. I think that their laundry facilities must not have been very good. We were never given any clean sheets the entire 8 days of our stay and the beach towels that we were to be supplied with ran out on more than one occasion.  The public restrooms in the hotel we often non-usable and if they were, you had to be careful not to step on the human feces that had often overflowed from the toilets and left there.  On our final 2 days of our $2500.00 all-inclusive vacation, we were only able to eat bread, peanut-butter, individually wrapped boxes of breakfast cereal (no milk), coffee and Pepto Bismal. Do you think that this was worth the money? Do you think that this was money well spent? We don't.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>nicaribbean
<Content>You gotta love Punta Cana We are a married couple in our mid-thirties and we are becomming well seasoned travellers. We have been to Punta Cana 3 times, Cuba, Jamaica, Grand Cayman, Cozumel and Haiti. In general we were satisfied with this resort. We had sunshine for the whole 2 weeks we were there. The resort layout was nice, maybe a 2 minute walk from the lobby to the beach. Rooms: We had a deluxe room in building #12, on the second floor. The rooms need to be updated, especially the bathrooms. Everything worked adequately. The rooms a slighlty bigger than the regular hotel room and the balcony is a nice size. The maid did an excellent job everyday. We always had towels, beer, water and sodas. She even gave us a bottle of rum and red wine. Hola Raymunda and Keila!Beach: The beach is superb! It is probably one of the best I have ever seen and is probably what keeps us coming back. The water temperature was perfect!The waves are fun to play in and very unpredictable. They have workers picking up empty cups and trash from 7h00-11h00, so the beach is always clean. I am an early riser, so I never had a problem getting a hut on the beach. There are 2 beach bars on the beach, one on the quiet side in a hut and the other one on the activity side in the beach buffet building. Hola Alfonzo, Rosa and Jesus! Even if you don't have a hut, the palm trees give plenty of shade everywhere on the beach.Pool: The pools are very large and very popular with the kids and teens. There is a nice pool bar and lots of huts along the poolside. Beware of the yellow birds, they sneek up on you! Ha!ha!Restaurants: 9 restaurants in all. 2 Buffets(1 lobby and 1 beach). The buffets were good. We always found something we liked. The desserts are great! The oriental was our favorite (try the bul kogi), it is a hot slab of marble set on your table and the food is cooked in front of your eyes. Shrimps, chicken, pork, beef and vegetables (plenty for 2) and for dessert (try the banana in the bag. It is divine! The grill restaurant was ok. The italian was good (try the stuffed canneloni or the pasta with the arriabata sauce) and for dessert (try chocolate mousse or tiramisu). The mexican was good. Every night at 7h00, the pizzaria opens. It is situated on top of the grand staircase, next to the italian restaurant. You do not need a reservation but it is an a la carte and seating is limited, so be there early. The pizza is delicious and is cooked in a brick oven. On the other side, they have a empanada stand. In my opinion, the best drinks were up there. The quality was better than the other bars.The homerun was a great place to get a hot dog or a hamburger for a quick lunch. Hola Eduardo!Service: We always had great service everywhere we went. We saw guest get upset for minor things. Don't sweat the small stuff, you are on vaction! Try to go there with a positive attitude. Try to use a few spanish words here and there and they will greatly appreciate the gesture. Things are done in dominican time and you can't change that, so set your pace on dominican time and have fun! Enjoy their language, culture and tropical oasis!Excursion: We did the James Bond Adventure. They pick you up at the resort in a bus and bring you to the aquatic center. There, a guide will tell you the do's and don'ts. Then they take you to your own 2 or 3 seater speedboat. You drive your own boat, following a guide(of course). You make your way down south following the beachside and after 30 minutes, you all meet near a big pontoon boat. At this point, you do a 45 minute snorkelling adventure with a guide. Don't forget to bring an underwater camera and give it to your guide and he will take pictures for you. Our guide Willi #1, was great and he took pictures that we would never have been able to. After the snorkelling, you head back out on your speedboat and retrace your way back. It costs $50.00US each person and was well worth it. It is a 3 hour excursion.Overview: If they would update the rooms(especially the bathrooms), I would have no problem rating it as a 4 1/2 star. But for now ,I think it is a 3 1/2-4 star. The beach is a 5 star. The restaurants,the bars and the service are 4 star. All in all, we had a great time!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ady_yorks
<Content>'Awesome......well not quite, but not bad really Ok,Just got back from the hotel, my girlfriend and I went on the 27th Feb til the 7th March.We've read the reviews from our friends over the water and think come on chaps give the hotel a break.We flew with Airtours, ok crammed plane, babies crying, crap food, naff film and expensive half measured in-flight bar service but hey thats the norm. Anyway the hotelGood points:1. Beach and pools.1a. plenty of sunbeds unless you want a parasol but hey there are loads of palms trees for shade and thats why you have a bar to goto when its too warm.2. Large rooms.3. Food not bad, a mixture to cater for all tastes.3.a Nicely appointed buffet restaurant.4. Entertainment - ok as far as all inclusives go.5. Weather.6. Location.7. Facilities.8. Canadians and polish who played volleyball with us.Bad Points.1. Airtours rep - nice but useless, talks constantly. 2. Airtours will only allocate you ground floor rooms, some rubbish bout 'insurance blah blah!!!3. Winter season transfer is 2.5hrs from laromana airport (summer season its punta cana airport which is only half hour).4. Drunk, loud, rude and disrespectful guests who think they own the place and can shout to each other at wot ever time they like (usually bout 5 am in the morn). That doesnt account for all of the americans just a select few that spoil it for the rest.5. Rooms could do with a full refurb, getting a bit shabby.6. Lobby bar could have been open earlier in the day.7. Security ie. patio door locks not too clever.Overall we enjoyed our holiday and met alot of nice people in just one week, the resort is what you make of it, keep an open mind, be relaxed and you will relax. And remember you are in a foreign country so dont expect everyone to speak the 'queens english'!!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The night the lights went out in Georgia...er Punta Cana First off I want to say that I am 42 and my wife is 40. We are both professionals and seasoned travellers. Not fussy people, but rather the type that appreciate a good effort and good service. On these counts I will say that the Flamenco did not let us down. As most have stated the beach is breathtaking, the food lukewarm and the bathrooms (in particular) in need of repair. Some people in our group did have check in problems relating to overbooking. Check in was a breeze if you are on the premium package. (Separate line). Also, if you are on the premium package you get a few more perks such as unlimited rum/beer soft drinks in your room, preferred a la carte bookings (i.e. you can book all five at once) and bathrobe and slippers. Is it worth the extra dough? Not really. We were in building 24 which was very quiet and close to the beach. We did hear one complaint from a couple who were in a building close to the lobby. They stated that the area was quite loud for their liking. They were also older than us and were perhaps looking for a nice, quiet experiance. Can't say that I blame them. The power went out on several occasions during the time that we were there (Feb 16-March 2). One night the entire resort completely blacked out. Everyone took it in great stride with candlelit bars and people singing in the dark. Warning: We eventually brokedown and agreed to sit in on a time share presentation that the commissioned agents will undoubtably pressure you to attend. The presentation took almost 3 hours. (Note: The agents receive $ 20 US per couple. Thats why they are so aggressive. Oh well, puts food on their table). The time share deal has several tiers beginning with the royal package which will cost you a one time investment of $ 15k. From their they drop in price to a low figure of $ 6.900.00 plus admin fees. The deal is as follows. Your investment assures you a 50-60% lifetime discount on all occidental properties. Also any family member or friend travelling with you gets the same deal, no matter if they are in a separate room. One couple booked for 30 people. You are also treated as a VIP with perks that were too numerous to mention. Now you don't have to attend. (P.S. I did not purchase one).Overall nice place, friendly people.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nightmare from the start Went on Vacation last week of January for 1 week. Our plans went bad right from the start. Our Travel Agency was Book Me Travel at Yonge and Eglinton in Toronto, Ontario. We planned a deluxe package at this hotel. I knew things would go bad right from the start. I asked our agent constantly before we left that I needed to have in writing exactly what we paid for and booked. All we got was a card saying that we were on an Air Canada Vacation. We were promised that we would be getting the deluxe package as written up on brochures etc etc from Air Canada. Much to our dismay and as many times before we left as we were very apprenhesive about this trip knowing if you don't have things exactly as bought in writing you were not going to get it.. it happened just as I expected. Air Canada Vacations and Book Me Travel let us down completely! Air Canada Vacations and Book Me Travel were totally at fault at not providing the vacation that was promised and paid for.After getting back, I repeatedly tried to get Book Me Travel to Reimburse me for the Vacation promised but to no avail up to this date. Air Cannada Vacation admitted they were not giving this deluxe package and that it was an error in their book. I have their letter stating so. And what did we receive so far? Nothing but a $100.00 vouchure toward an Air Canada Vacation Package taken within the Year! After speaking to my travel agent who I thought of in good faith and relied on has not done a thing about it yet. I am waiting for the response and have not had one up to this date. We were treated second class at the hotel. bad service rooms with no light bulbs, food was bad.. service was bad.. the Air Canada Agent at the hotel finally acknowledged after having our days ruined every day by going to stand in the Lobby waiting for the Air Canada Agent to show up,that we didn't have the Deluxe package we paid for after 5 days into the holiday with only 2 days Left. We got a Lobster dinner the day before we left that was included in the package alone in a dining room at 10 PM in the evening when there was no one else eating! Totally disgusting and ridiculous! Needless to say we had a vacation from Hell. The beaches could not make up for the bad service and time we had, and the vacation we paid for and not had. I will keep you posted as to the final results of this vacation. Should anyone want to reach me they can do so at shoshana49@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't waste your money I have traveled all over the carabian and this by far is the worst place I have ever stayed at. Lets start of with the food being disgusting. The specialty restraunts were un eatable except for the Italian (STEAK). Bring Imodium, Mylanta, etc.... Expect to get food piosioning while you are there. I know I did. Drinks are nothing special either stick to the BEER. That too will also put holes in your stomach. As for the rooms. If you are put in any of these buildings 10-13 expect to be eaten alive by misquitos. I woke up one morning and my 7 month old daughter had over 30 bites on her face. My son had close to 20 and I had 15 or so. I fought withe the front desk for an entire day to get our room changed. As you will find out if you are so unlucky to go to the sewer pit the people at the front desk are completely incompitant. My son who is in kindigarden has more common sense then they do. The grounds are nice and that is where it ends. If you can chance you trip to a different hotel. DO SO!!!!! Because if you go to this dump you are bound to be disapointed.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The place is a disaster - how much can go wrong on one trip? This place is an absolute joke. I thought maybe it was just us since we are picky travelers, but after talking to many guests we realized we are not alone.We are vacation club members and first off that is a scam. Don't buy into it even though sales people will follow you around like vultures. American Airlines lost my luggage on the way down. This happened to several people and with various airlines. I am not sure if it is an airport problem.We started in a small room that we did not book. We demanded to be moved. We were moved into a room with no air conditioning because it was broken. We called 5 times and no one came to fix it. It was very hot one night and so we decided to call. The man was working on it for an hour in the middle of the night and still could not fix it. We then moved into the royal club which is hardly royal. The service is definitely better in the restaurant, but the people who check you in to the royal club have major attitude. The first day we were there we met a pregnant woman who had stayed in main part of the hotel and had problems with a leaking air conditioner. She called the desk many times to get them to fix it but no one responded. She ended up slipping and started going into labor and had to stay in the hospital for 5 days. After that they paid more attention to her but it should not take a disaster like that to get some attention.Later that week we were at the pool in the royal club when another guest came running out of their room to report that their entire room was flooded with raw sewage. We had all smelled sewage that week but their room was the worst. Both the couple and their child had been bitten by bugs all week that were coming out of the sewer. ALL of their clothes were soaked with sewage and ruined. The hotel barely took that seriously and gave the regular attitude that they usually do when something goes wrong.There were two power outages - one was for 1.5 hours and the other was for 3 hours. All other resorts had power so this was a problem with this specific hotel.The pool was FRIGID. Barely anyone was swimming. I am not sure why they refill some of the water everyday but it was terrible. It was so cold that it was not refreshing - it was shocking. There were many complaints about that.Even after all of these problems the hotel still does not realize that they are going to lose business. They pay attention to things that don't matter like forcing you to wear pants to dinner at the restaurants and not letting you sit on the steps when you are waiting for your shuttle which is always late. They don't pay attention to things that matter like safety and health. Also, they have not trained the staff in English or any other language so there is a huge language barrier and it is very frustrating.We went to St. Lucia on our honeymoon and the people and the island is a different class. There is no language barrier and the standards are sky high. We will never travel to the Dominican or this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Take the bad with the good because there is both My Wife and I just got back from our holiday with 10 friends, and we had a great week away!!!! The resort over all was average-above average, the people we met there and the people we went with made it great. I read lots and lots of reviews about the hotel before we went and was prepared for some of the things that people complained about, check in was a little slow, we did get in with half a bus load of people and there were only 2 people working the front desk, so I ran drinks to the rest of the group while we waited, no big deal you are there for a week. Because we were there with a large group they got us rooms all in the same building and on the same floor, that was nice.The rooms were clean and spacious with a great little balcony, the bathroom had its problems, the toilet was subborn to flush, and the hot water was on short supply for an evening shower, (not cold but luke warm) we have had this problem at other resorts as well.The pools and the grounds were breath taking, for an older resort (about 10-14 years i think) the resort was nice.The bars were great, the bartenders were always busy so be patient, you are on Dominican time now. The shows at night were exellent the staff were setting up for them early and worked late into the night, loved the Karaoki ( my performance of Garth Brooks was lots of fun and got a few laughs) The food was O.K. we stayed at a Riu property on the Mayan last time and it put the food here to shame. I don't eat a lot of salt and I found some of the meat to be quite salty, however it was hit and miss some of the food was great, but the buffets lacked consistency. The 2 al a carts we did eat at were very good, the grill was exellent and the italian was very good.The folks we met at the resort made the trip for me, lots of fun americans and canadians (young and acting young) and the day trip on the 4 wheelers was worth every penny, if you want to go muddin' and ride along the beach, best 85 bucks I ever spent (just don't wear white shoes)Just remember don't sweat the small stuff and you will have a good time, I find some people will complain about anything  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nikki456
<Content>BEWARE! OUR SAFE WAS BROKEN INTO !! WARNING!! Just a heads up about the GRAND Flamenco punta cana,We got on late thursday nite and were the only ones from our bus to be dropped off there. When we asked for a safe lock, the nite manager gave us one with a key that looked like a common house key and insisted we pay cash immediately. The next evening we left our room from 7 pm till 11:30 pm, only to return and find that all of our money had been removed from the safe. Our I.D and tickets were not touched, nor were our credit cards. 450$ american and 80$ canadian. The safe was closed and the door was not tampered with. When we went to the manager, he said that this had happened before and when we asked if anyone had a master key, he said yes, the security guards had master keys. A  report  was taken by him and a spanish speaking security guard and we were told to talk to management at 11 next morning. He then gave us another lock but the key was different, encrypted. The next morning , no one had any idea of this and we were told to come back at 12 after they investigate. At 12 we were told to come back at 4 so they could investigate. At 4 , the manager was no longer there. The security guard and a translator came back to our room and we were told that there was no way that anyone could open these safes without the one key and that there was no master key. We recieved no futher assistance and were basically told we were liars. To make matters worse, on monday when we went to use the ATM outside the front, our credit card became jammed in it and the security told us to come with them to call the bank. We were then told to come back later. Nobody at the resort would help us, even with letting us use the phone to cancel the visa, until we got upset. Never did see the credit card again, even though they had our room # and knew of our problem. Our signature rep was notified when I called the helpline but we never heard from him either. All and all, it was the worst experience travelling that we ever had, primarily because the staff and management were so evasive and unwilling to assist us. I guess they felt they had already earned their money for that week, 530$ to be exact.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not paradise I never saw so many people complaining at the front desk, mainly for room problems e.g. door won't lock, no towels, leak in the room. I spent 7 nights there I couldn't even get a remote for the TV. They kept giving the turnaround. One morning there was no water without any notice. We didn't have towel for 18 hours. every body at the front desk was very rude. Maintenance was out of control. The bed, double bed, was small, hard, you couldn't no longer the design on the bed spread. We tried to get a king size from day 1, every day they told us come back in the morning. Same excuse (supervisor cannot authorize change of room; The manager said it's impossible). bed and bed spread need to be burned. Food was OK.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>paradise We stayed from Feb 22-27,2006. I had read the reviews and was hoping I had made a good decision. This was our first trip to DR. It turned out to be paradise. The buildings (resturants, lobbies etc) were just beautiful and well maintained, as were the grounds, pool and beach. They really are exceptional. Our room was very clean, but the bathroom and furnishings should be updated, but they weren't a problem. We were in building 11, near pool and lobby, but not far from beach. I wanted 13, but really ended up loving 11, as it was centrally located. We were on the 2nd floor. At night we could sit on the balcony and listen to the entertainment, but with the door shut and air on, we could also sleep. The water was always hot, the air worked great, and our maid took good care of us. We tipped up front, first day, 5$US, then 1$ everyday after. I also left little gifts, which she actually hugged me for. The service we received everywhere was exceptional. Rosa and Alfonsa at the bar on the beach near building 13 are fantastic. We would go again in a heartbeat. The weather was perfect, and the beach, gorgeous. I want to thank everyone who wrote reviews previously as they really helped me plan for the trip. Great idea to bring your own travel mugs for drinks. By the way, we ate everything and didn't get sick once. We only used bottled water of course.WE took the excursion out snorkeling and swimming with the sharks, it was a good time, we found it worth it, but if you've snorkeled in calm waters, you won't find this as enjoyable, as the sea is rough.We used a positive friendly attitude approaching the staff and were always treated well. Lots of French, CAnadian, German and Russian folks, all very friendly. We actually met lots of people and met a few US couples we'll keep in touch with. Lots of topless, which for the US folks is different.Well, sorry for the long review, but it helped me so I'm hoping will help others. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jennied
<Content>Occidental Grand Flamenco...take it with a grain of salt       Room in Bldg 13  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you're not a tolerant person, don't stay here After reading the reviews prior to taking my trip I was somewhat nervous but also skeptical that maybe people were being overly sensitive. Since we are very patient and flexible people I thought our vacation would be perfect as always. Unfortunately the reviews were SO right. We were a family of four with two adults, and two teenage children. We booked two rooms and asked Expedia to confirm ahead of our arrival that we have rooms on the same floor. I also e-mailed them a few days ahead making the same request. When we arrived at the hotel I told the front desk person about my request before he began the check-in. His exact words to me were Oh, that's a problem. We cannot accommodate you with your request. We are very booked. I told him that it was confirmed with Expedia and my fax and he laughed and flippantly stated that does not make a difference. He handed us the keys for two rooms in different buildings at opposite ends of the resort. I said this is unacceptable and he said I cannot do any better, we have no rooms today, come back tomorrow and we will switch you. Since my children are mature and responsible we reluctantly accepted this so as to not start our trip off on a bad foot. We first walked to our teenagers room. We opened the door and the entire room was flooded. Not just water on the floor, but an out and out flood with water dripping from the ceiling.We ran back to the front desk and I thought my husband was going to explode. We then got tough and demanded that not only we have rooms without floods but that we be put in the same building. My husband slammed the keys on the counter and asked for the manager. The manager came out and immediately gave us two rooms, side by side in the same building, both without floods. As far as the food the restaurants are as described by other reviewers, pretty bad. The buffet is the best in my opinion because you have a better variety. If you are a vegetarian than this place is for you because the meat is terrible. Everything is dry and over cooked.The staff overall is very friendly and helpful. I tipped the maid each day and left her things like fancy pencils, erasers, play chalk, etc. They work very hard and it made me feel good to give to them.The rooms were very simple, but clean. We had third room floors which are the best because of the cathedral ceilings and they feel less dingy.Being an American myself I hate to admit that the most annoying guests at the resort were the Americans. On two occasions I saw Americans arguing with the bartenders over drinks. One couple actually put their lounge chairs in the low end of the pool and carried their drinks and cigarettes with them and got drunk in the kiddie pool while lounging in their chairs for everyone to see. How obnoxious. Another group of about 6 ganged up on some guy who they suspected cut them in the drink line. So just be considerate of others and remember that most things are not worth arguing over, especially when on vacation.The beach and pool are beautiful as everyone said, but you do have to get up at 5:00 a.m. to reserve chairs under the palm umbrellas, otherwise you will have to bake in the sun all day long.Would rate the hotel a 2, the food a 3, the pool and beach a 5.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please do not stay here Dont waste your money Just came back from Occidential grand Flamenco Punta Cana and it was terrible. please do not waste your money. Food was terrible same thing over and over again. I had potatoes white rice pasta, bread, and pizza i dont like seafood so i was eating those things over and over again. they have 9 rest. but you would have never thought it. Got there monday so overbooked couldnt get reservation till wednesday at 9:00pm. Dirty sheets stains all over them. Room were nice size but low on towels so had to wait till like 4-5 to get get clean towels to take a shower. Beach was nice and weather was perfect. No one is the hotel spoke any english no one. Couldnt find a worker who could understand anthing that i was saying asking about something on the menu or were to go no one. I travel alot and this was the worst i belive i have ever stayed at. Was not worth the money at all. Also a warning the Allegro people are there trying to sell timeshares you will feel like you are at a flea market. They have these people i mean all over like every 20 feet they follow you and try to get your attention and they were all over the beach too. I couldnt believe it just wanted to enjoy my vacation peace and quiet you would never believe it. You have no idea how many times i got into it with those people to leave me and my husband alone. You couldnt pay us to stay at that hotel. They couldnt make a strawberry daq to save themselves was awful. The resort is huge so if you are near the rest. it will take you about 10 minutes to walk to the beach that is how big this place is. Lot of people that were there were so disappointed with this place.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just OOOKKK My husband and I were at this resort february 21-26 2006. Building 26 right by the beautiful beach (which was a plus) but too far from everything else. I'm going to try to keep it simple and to the point!CHECK-IN no problem room was available at 3:00 pm ROOM1st night AC was blowing HOT air but after calling the front desk about 5 times they finally came and fixed it. My husband is fluent in Spanish so he got on the phone.2nd night Leak in toilet Called once and they fixed itTOILET never worked properly. At times we heard the water running for hours in tank and flushing was almost always a problem T.V. almost blew up Called several times finally sent someone at 1:00am but said he would fix it in the morning. Finally, we went to the front desk and actually went a little crazy, they brought us a new T.V. that afternoon.Overall ROOMS are big with nice balconies, Clean, Enough Towels daily etcFOODBuffets are OKHOME RUN snack bar is actually good for something quickGrill was gross (man behind glass window handling meat with bare hands! no, actually like rubbing meat with entire hand ) Left after Second part of meal. Whole experience was bizarreMEXICAN Don't botherITALIAN was the best one but nothing to brag aboutThe good thing was that the Pizza and Empanades places were open late so when all else failed we ate that.Lots of fresh fruit which was really goodI was nervous at first about eating raw food and ice but we never got sick (and I'm sensitive) THE GROUNDS Beautiful BEACH awesome POOlS are niceStaff is great Front desk a little weirdTIPS are very much appreciatedPeople who DRINK A LOT really get their moneys worth Overall it was Just OkWe had a great time on the beach Not really sure if I would go back to this resort  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome week!       View of the beach - Marinarium Excursion  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay,BUT We arrived at the Grand with 2 other couples and an additional couple was to arrive later in the day, 4 couples in all. We arrived at 2:50 pm, check in was at 3 pm. We were not greeted, and stood at the desk until after 3pm before anyone even started the check us in. When our turn to check in came we were told to that the room was not ready to go have a drink and come back later. When we finally got to the room the room was not completly ready, floor was still wet.The rooms are large with 2 full size beds, general maintenance and upkeep had a lot to be desired, there was one overhead light out in the bathroom and the ceiling looked as if was about to fall down and one wall lamp in the bedroom was missing the bulb. The room was clean and the room maid was very friendly and helpful. Durning our stay we had to ask for towels several times and did without hot water several times durning our stay. The hot water problem was finally fixed on Friday, we were leaving on Sat.The gounds and beaches of the Grand are beautiful, the grounds crew does a beautiful job in maintaining the place.THe food was very good, mostly at the buffet with a good varity at all meals. The wait staff were trying their best but there seemed to be too few of them to attend to the needs of the guests. We felt that the staff was in need of some serious training and the dining room mananger needed to stay on top of things, if there was a manager.There are several a la carte resturants in the resort, it is necessary to make reservations. We had dinner in the Grill one evening waited until 9 pm to eat. There was only one seating and the place was only half full. Needless to say the Grill was one place to skip, we had reseravations at the Italian resturant the next night but chickened out and went to the buffet.The drinks were plentiful and there was a varity, some of the mixed drinks would vary from bartender to bartender.The language barrier was severe, I realize we were in their country but many of the staff had no knowlege of any laungage except spanish.Sign laungage and a few words I knew in Spanish seemed to get us through.All in All we had a wonderful and relaxing time, the beach made the vacation. Unfortunatly we would not return here.A little heads up, if you should travel the the Dominican Republic there is a $10.00 per person tourist tax upon entry and they only take CASH.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Fafhrd45
<Content>Almost as good as the first time       Sugar cane fields  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not going back I spent seven days at this resort with my boyfriend, brother and his wife. 3 out of the 7 days, my brother had no air in his room. when he inquired at the front desk they were no help at all. every day we would have no running water in the room for 2 hours. when it came back, it was cold for another 2 hours. i broke the arm bracelet they give you and showed it to the person at the front desk, they said the only way i can get a new one is to pay $10.00. every time we went to one of the shops on the grounds, we were alway told they had no change when we made a purchase.I would never stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Week My husband and I just returned last night from a wonderful week at the Grand Flamenco. This was our 8th trip to Punta Cana but the first time to Grand Flamenco. We stayed in Building 13 which was close to the beach and very convenient. We found the staff throughout the entire resort very friendly and accomodating. No problems with our room. It was very spacious and comfortable. The maid did a great job and we tipped her with little gifts and $1US each day. We also tipped the gardeners and others who don't normally get many tips. They were all so appreciative! The beach was unbelievably beautiful and each day we had sunny skies. We walked the beach, enjoyed the Cheapy, cheapy market, took over 250 photos,enjoyed the evening entertainment and looked forward to a new day with blue skies,warm waters, palm trees swaying and lots of colorful parasails sailing by and a delicious drink in our hands. What more could you ask for? We ate our breakfasts and dinners at the buffet and didn't bother with with the specialty restaurants. The beach buffet was excellent and so much to choose from. Overall,we found this to be a lovely resort with beautiful grounds, awesome staff, nice meals and a beach to die for! Just go and enjoy the beauty around you and don't sweat the small stuff. We would go back in a heartbeat!! Feel free to email me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful We have just returned from a week at the Grand Flamenco from Feb 11 to Feb 18 travelling with a group of 6 from Nova Scotia, Canada. The resort is magnificent and we experienced incredible service in a destination that is not typically known for it's high level of service, Punta Cana. In fact, we stayed at the Bahia Principe last year and the Grand Flamenco had much better service. We stayed in building 11 on the second floor which is pretty well central to both the beach and main pool. Breakfast is a big spread with cheeses fruit pastries freshly cooked eggs to your desire, bacon, hash browns etc. All a'la carte restaurants are great. We ate at all of them atleast once. Steakhouse was not as good as others. Talk to Andy at the restaurant reservation desk for some additional perks.  The pools are lovely. Lots of sun loungers both at the pool and on the big beautiful beach. We walked for close to an hour to the north side of the beach and an hour to the south side of the beach and I can say without hesitation that the grand Flamenco has the best beach in the area. The beach bar folks take good care of everyone (Candy let me and my crazy friends mix drinks at the beach bar one afternoon).The Spa is out of this world. Messages were fabulous. The only negative aspect of the resort are the rooms. Quite dated and in need of repair. However, when you only sleep in your room, it shouldn't be considered a deal breaker. Overall I would say this is probably the best resort we have ever stayed at for the money. We met as many as 30 other couples from Canada that loved the resort, the food, the service and the people. Many new friendships were made that enhanced our vacation experience. Would return in a minute.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frenard
<Content>Good leasure time            
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Alyssa29
<Content>Amazing Resort...True Paradise HiI was there from Feb1-Feb8.All I have to say is that this resort is amazing!!!The Staff always friendly.The grounds well kept and beautiful.The pool excellent.The beach the best..its true paradise.The food very good.The rooms are ok..but you shouldn't spend that much time in there.So I read these reviews and get upset,everyone has different experiences. The Dominican is a beautiful country. So go enjoy and experience it for yourself.Go with an open mind and an open heart.Your on vacation have fun!!!!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect First Vacation My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel from Feb. 3-10. This was our first vacation together and spent weeks reading reviews and trying to find the perfect hotel. The resort is beautiful. We arrived late at night and were taken right to our room, which was exactly what we'd asked for. we were in building 24, very close to the beach. we noticed we didn't have hot water in the shower but it was soon fixed without us even complaining about it. we tipped our housekeeper every day and she kept our fridge stocked with beer and water. we found that our room didn't get cleaned until later in the afternoon, but our beds were turned down as soon as we returned from dinner every night. The buffet was great as there was always something to enjoy, and if you don't like it, don't eat it. One night they even had a grill full of rock lobster tails! We had dinner at the Italian restaurant once and weren't very impressed; the mexican was a little better but for me the portions were much too large; the steakhouse (las reses) was fantastic. The presentation of all 3 was nice and definitely suited the theme. If you like wine, avoid the stuff they give you for free. its terrible. although you can buy your very own bottle for a quite hefty fee of $85. The brick oven pizza place (La Fontana) upstairs is pretty darn good. Also, the home rum bar over the pool has western food for those of us who crave burgers, onion rings and fries. The bars are kept clean and the staff is always full of energy. You have to try a Miami Vice! The beach is swept free of everything the tide brings in, and there's always someone collecting garbage. We took our time in the morning getting breakfast and heading down to the beach and always found 2 lounge chairs to lay on. Wear sunscreen even when its cloudy! Some tips that have nothing to do with the hotel but are valuable for your vacation: Do the Bavaro Runners, it is so much fun and well worth the money. We also did the Saona Island tour which was breathtaking, but a 3 hour bus ride to the boat launch. Dee-sea fishing was also a blast but take gravol if you tend to get nauseous as you will be out in the open sea. I'd recommend going to your travel rep meeting as they can answer questions as well as book all of your tours. we got duped into going to Vivienne's, a store run by a french-canadian who apparently had cheaper rum, cigars and larimar jewellery. well we were shocked to find that her cigars were hand-rolled on site and not name brand, and her jewellery looked like the stuff you'd find at the beach markets. we did buy coffee beans and rum which were a good deal. if you want good quality larimar in a gold or white gold setting and not glued into a .925 silver setting then i'd recommend shopping at Harrison's. There is one on the hotel grounds. The guy who runs the hotel cigar shop is a bit shifty and really gives you the runaround when you ask price. Be cautious. The only thing that was hard for me to get used to was being on vacation and having all kinds of time restraints, especially for meals. one more thing, take your own alarm clock if you like to know what time it is or if you'll have to get up early for excursions as our clock was always a couple of hours fast no matter how many times we reset it, and we did hear from a few other people that their clocks didn't work either. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others, and would stay here again myself.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just go and enjoy!! Our group was seven couples and a single, all around the 40 age barrier. I read extensively all the reviews, pro and con, so was slightly nervous about our trip and the hotel, especially since I was the leader of our crew and booked the trip. Speaking for all fifteen...just go and enjoy this hotel, its surroundings, the beach, the pools, the bars, the service. While there are things that could have been better if in a perfect world, the hotel and all that it has to offer is a great place to relax, unwind, and enjoy the warmth, beauty, and fun of the area. The food was fine, nothing gormet by any means, but there were many, many choices and we were pleased with our meals. The service was excellent. We did tip here and there, but honestly don't know that had any affect on our service! Find Alfonso at the beach bar and you have a friend for life! There were numerous topless bathers on the beach and pool and while this was no issue with our group, could be with children...personal preference. The one area I found lacking in the reviews I read was on the alcohol choices, quality, etc., so here goes. The beer everywhere is El Presidente, which I found to be very good and even better, served very cold in every bar and restaurant. The liquor was fine, something for all (remember we had 15 and nobody complained). The beer in your mini-bar is put in warm, so that never really gets very cold, but then again...we were never in the rooms very long. The wind blew hard the days we were on the beach, but also kept us from baking on the beach. Water was perfect...just walk right in and enjoy. There is a slot machine room in the lobby and a casino near-by. No need for any money except U.S. currency. Be patient with trip from airport and check-in. Neither are very quick, but the rewards are great!! We did have several travelers with an upset stomach, but not until after our four day trip. The only ailments during the trip were definitely alcohol related!! Forget all the must be snobs who wrote just poor food and service reviews...we all thought it was a great place! Yes, there was a room shorted a towel or two, and there was no lobster on the menu...come on...relax and have some fun!! Say hello to Alfonso for us, from, the group of 15.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ALITTLESWEETIE80
<Content>Not as grand as it made out Date of stay: 1st December 2005 - 16th Dec 2005.First off, (and this is VERY important) don't bother taking Dominican currency. Hardly anywhere accepts it, and they much prefer US $. All the tours are priced in US$ and each of the tour reps have their own exchange rate, so you never really know where you are!!YOU NEED US$ TO GET INTO THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC, as they only accept $US to get into the country for the Visa. They WOULD NOT accept their own currency, (SO STRANGE). They also need $ US as a departure tax, and this is again only accepted in US$.All the prices for the airport duty free, are also in $US. If I went to the Dominican again, I would exchange UK拢 and take US$, all the local shops take both, so I'm not really sure what the point of their own currency is????!Grand Flamenco...We read all the reviews, and decided to go to this hotel, we took each comment good and bad with a pinch of salt. Here is the truth from a 25 year old from UK.The Good parts...The beach is absolutely beautiful, I went for a walk along it for 2 hours, and even though I probably ended up in a different town by the time I turned back, I didn't see the end of the beach, There must be miles and miles of white sand (Just like the postcards, Palm trees, and white sand)It was fantastic. There is lots of water sports on offer at the Flamenco, and all the staff are more than helpful. A good tip would be to go to one of their ten minute learn to sail lessons for the Catamaran they hold it every morning at 9am by the watersports place. If you do this session, they will let you take the catamaran out by yourself. :o)The water is a little rough, so if you expect calm seas gently lapping, it's not like that! It's more fun to play in the moderate waves! Don't expect to stay on your lilo!The pool was fantastic, I brought a lilo with me, but they do sell them for about 拢8 in the hotel shop. Prices were actually quite reasonable there, so get a rough idea of what things cost then set off for the shops along the beach to find yourself a bargain, if you half their price and then take some more off, you'll be getting a good deal. Don't pay what they ask if you want a bargain!! The pool is huge, not very deep, some is knee depth, some is shoulder depth, but don't expect to be able to dive in it. They clean the pool every morning, and it was never dirty, possibly a little rough in places on the bottom, so watch your bikini!The FoodI wasn't well throughout my stay, so I'd advise to stay off the ice, (I know it's a pain in a hot country) but I promise it'll be worth it. The pool snack place food always made myself and my friend ill, upset stomach, and even though at the time the food tasted alright, (Burgers, chips, onion rings,etc etc) don't be fooled!! The place smells a little, of cooked foods, oily smell, and it's possibly not as clean as you think.Main buffet was good at the beginning, lots of selection, but after a while it lacked a bit in choice, (I don't eat beef, or red meat, so I sometimes had a small problem choosing.) The breakfast on the otherhand was a different story entirely. It was fantastic, grapefruit, orange, pineapple, apple juice, fresh milk. Sometimes it was a bit of a pain to find a table if you left it a bit late. Fresh donuts, pain au chocolates, freshly cooked omlettes, eggs, little poached eggs on toast (a favourite) always salads, lots of fresh bread, facilities to make toast... it goes on, utterly spoilt, and I never got bored of the breakfast buffet.PLEASE PLEASE go to the Pizzeria restaurant (you don't have to book) it served fantastic pizzas, the staff were really much friendlier than in the buffet, and you can enjoy eating in the open air!We ate at the japanese restaurant a la carte, food was ok, but my friend who ate the meat was really sick after. Mine was fine, but again, there wasn't much choice, and there was no noodles!! The oriental evening in the buffet was by far better. We also did the Mexican restaurant, and it was REALLY terrible, slow service, they forgot our starters, and we gave up for desert.The EntertainmentDay entertainment looked fun, although I didn't take part, there was always volleyball, or dancing happening, and petank too.Far too late in the evening (usually started at 10:15) They advise it starts at 10pm, but it's laid back time. The seats are uncomfortable after a while watching dancers. But the one show we managed to stay up for (yes I know I'm 25, my friend was 28) was good. But I think due to the sun, and hot climate combined with not feeling great we didn't manage to stay up as it was always on too late!There is absolutely nothing to do after dark till 10pm, there's no in between entertainment, and no pool table, or anything, so it made the late start of 10pm even more unbearable to stay up for.Friday evenings they have a Dominican evening where they invite locals to have 15 or so different stalls where they can sell local products, you can barter with these people, so get a bargain. After a while the products are all the same, and so don't be afraid to walk off if they won't come down in price, you can usually find the thing again somewhere else!The RoomsOur room was in block 12, half way between the beach, and the restaurants, it was perfectly positioned, so I would advise that you ask for that block.The walls are very thin, and thanks to the vent in the bathroom, you can hear anyone's conversation clear as a bell coming down the air shafts. (We had a screaming child the first week, it obviously hated bathtime, and the second week tenents were intent on moving furniture every 30 minutes.) TAKE SOME EAR PLUGS!One bed in our room was broken, the towel rail was falling off the wall in the bathroom, the fan stopped rotating and the TV really did sound as if it was about to blow up. (We did russian roulette as to who's turn it would be to touch the thing.) We did complain about the fan not working, and the light bulb having blown, and this was mended the same day.Unlike my previous trip to Cuba, the maids did not make an effort with making animals out of towels, and did their job with minimal flair. It was a 4 star in Cuba, but this seemed like a 3.Yes we had a mini bar, but don't be fooled as it does NOT have alcohol in it!Only coke, 7up, and water. Tea and coffee as well. There is a hair dryer, and this is efficient enough if you are patient.TOP TIPS:Take mosquito repellant, and make sure you jam your boarding pass into the socket on the left side of the door where you are meant to put your hotel key in. This allows the A/C to be on all the time when you are out of the room. Don't pay $15 US for the safety doposit key to the safe in your room, we had a padlock on one of our cases, and put all the valuables in that and kept it locked with a combination lock (no more keys) This was a great money saver. (No point spending money if you don't need to)Make sure you take US$... don't bother with their Dominican currency. If you really need to get dominican dollars, the hotel can change US$ into dominican for you, but things like the Internet and slot machine one armed bandit things all use US$.Watch what you eat, enjoy the beach, don't worry about the sunshade umbrellas, yes they go very early, but there are lots of tall palm trees that provide shade if you don't manage to get an umbrella.Don't bother upgrading to the Royal Club, it was pointless, they have a 20 x 40m section roped off on the beach, but the sand is far nicer on the main beach anyway!Take Ear plugs, and Immodium! Learn a little bit of Spanish it goes a VERY long way... Dominicans are very friendly, but if I had a choice between Dominican and Cuba, it would be Cuba every time.Rated more like a 3 star, and 2 and a half out of 5.I would be happy to answer any questions...  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wi_cowgirl70
<Content>Awesome Time.. Check in:Less the 10 minutes in and out in no time锟?Porter took us to our room with luggage and we were unpacked, changed and by the pool with a drink in our hand in less then an hour. Room:Huge clean and smelled fine. No site of bugs, lizards or any other unwanted animal. Fridge stocked everyday锟?Had wash clothes and bathmats and fancy little towel displays with flowers everyday. Food:Buffet was good. Breakfast was great. The food was different then what we normally eat but try it you maybe surprised and like it as that was the case with me. Buffet got a little boring after awhile but we never went hungry.Mexican Restaurant--Weird saucy food. The four of us all tried something different and shared. One ordered the fajitas they were awesome!! Steak House--Chicken, Pork, Beef and filet. All very tasty and juicy a wonderful change from the buffet.Pizza----Must try delicious.Homerun Caf锟?--Not to bad a good place for a quick snack.Beach:Absolutely amazing. Crowded but always chairs available. And yes prepare for boobs and Speedos.. Entertainment:Not bad a little repetitious but amusing and comical at times. Drinks:Strong strong strong..Rum punch is great. Mama Juana a must try..Pool:Not to hot not to cold. Perfect temperature for the warm days of Punta Cana. Large with plenty of chairs. And yes prepare for boobs and Speedos.. Service:Never had a problem. Always had a full glass at meal times. Plates cleared right way. Never waited long being served at any restaurant either.Timeshare People:This would be the biggest downfall.. Walking in the lobby in the morning was always frustrating as they would hound you over and over. If they persist walk up stairs the timeshare place with them can complain. . I did and never had a problem again. Before leaving for my trip I was scared to death that this resort would be absolutely terrible and I would have a bad time. It was a wonderful beautiful place. Like all resorts you go to there are going to be minor issues ..People need to brush them off and forget about them and have a good time. I say this because I have witnessed many people being rude to staff and rude to other vacationers because of small little things that are so unimportant. YOU ARE ON VACATION NO STRESS NO WORRIES JUST ENJOY..Yes I would recommend this resort. As I had a great time.. Would I go back yes..  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>heartsmartass
<Content>Great Resort - Great Beach - Great Time       Our room  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>quincy99
<Content>You get what you pay for I have to say that unfortuneately I had a very similar experience to Syracuse, NY, Feb 6. Our trip was Feb 4-9. We booked our trip very late and got what we thought was an incredible deal, about $120 US/day per person for non-stop round trip airfare, hotel transfers and 5 nights all-inclusive.The flight was fine and there was a van waiting to drive us to our hotel. We were the 3rd stop and it took about 45 minutes. Check-in was fairly easy, although we were unable to get adjoining rooms as we requested. So our family of 5 got side-by-side rooms and my wife and I had to split up because of the children. The rooms I thought were fine, fairly large size with two double (not queen) beds which were pushed together. Our shower leaked every time, soaking the floor. After reading other reviews, I didn't bother to report it. No big deal.The grounds were very well kept and clean - this is a large resort. Our room was close to the beach, which I was very thankful for after hearing the music from the shows, which I'm sure must keep people awake whose rooms are near the stage.The weather was absolutely perfect, never too hot or cold, often with a refreshing breeze. Sometimes it gets cloudy and showers, but the sun is never far behind. The beach is beautiful, water is refreshing but not cold, palm trees in the white sand. Very scenic. I hated the beach/pool chairs. They were a thin cheap cloth stretched over plastic bars, offered no support and would not allow for upright sitting. If the cloth was worn you felt a bar in the middle of your back.The food was not good. I read many reviews saying the food may taste different to Americans who are not used to Caribbean spices. Frankly, this is a bogus excuse. Either food is tasty or it isn't. And despite the large buffets which offer a huge variety of meat, fish, poultry, fruit, vegetables and desserts, this food was simply not tasty. I have been to two other Caribbean islands and enjoyed some of the best meals I've ever had.As far as the specialty restaurants, we were only able to get reservations at 9pm or later, despite booking up to 3 days in advance. This is because the guests staying for two weeks lock up all the prime reservations slots. The resort is a ghost town between 5-7 pm, when everyone is back at their rooms getting ready for dinner. And you can forget getting a hot shower during that period.About midway through the trip two of our children got food poisoning and spent the next two days in the room with vomiting, fever, diarrhea, and severe cramping, so we had to cancel our snorkeling excursion. Luckily, since we booked through our travel representative we were able to get a full refund. If we had booked through an outside vendor (available around the hotel) we would have been out $350. Even now, 5 days later, they are still having problems with diarrhea, and we have yet to determine whether the source is bacteria or viral. I became sick on our travel day home and my wife after we returned. Our youngest has been OK so far.There are very few Americans there but that did not bother us as we made freinds with the numerous Canadians and Europeans and had a fun international pool volleyball game. I wouldn't describe this as a family resort. We we supposed to get 1/2 hour free horseback riding included in our package, but when we went to book, they could not accomodate us until after our departure.Though this was not a big deal for us, the main shows were amateurish and started too late (after 10pm) to be enjoyed by the family. Before the main show there was some music or comedy show.Because we had a 9pm dinner reservation, we snacked one night at the Pizza restaurant which was decent, not great, but better than anything we had up to that point. We had one dinner in the Mexican restaurant which was not good either, but it was nice to eat in a smaller room and have table service. We ended up passing on our other restaurant reservations because the kids were sick.The help I thought was friendly. We left a $3 US tip in each room for the maids each day to get some extra towels, pillows and water. The left flowers in our room. The dining help was also friendlyI do not know what made us ill but I suspect it was a water-bourne bacteria of some sort. Bottled water is plentiful at the resort but I became suspicious that it was filtered and recycled because the bottles were filled to the absolute brim and open funny. I do not know if this is the case, but how can resorts in a country with no potable drinking water hand out bottled water so freely? I also suspect the ice which was used in the pool side bars. But I suppose we will never know.I have to say I thought the local beer, El Presidente, was excellent, as well as the other alcoholic drinks we received at the numerous bars and restaurants.I would not recommend this resort, nor would I travel to this country again.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WorldAtSea
<Content>great value, and lovely beach               More photos  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing holiday at the Flamenco       pool  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall: go to a nice 4 stars       grounds  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Quita
<Content>Grand Flamenco by Occidental       Towels and Flowers  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>grady01
<Content>would not return My husband and I decided to take a last minute vacation and went to this resort due to the affordable price. We also went with a very open mind after reading some of the reviews. There were problems throughout our trip but we overlooked everything until the last 2 days when we were sick in bed. This is a long review as well, as I found that these to be very informative. We are late 20's, professional and have traveled in the Bahamas, Mexico and Alaska.This is a very European resort. We only came into contact with about 3 other American couples during our stay. We felt very isolated, which is our mistake because we were aware of this on booking. I have heard steriotypes of the rude Americans but I can honestly say that we demonstreated the most manners at this resort. The Europeans cut in line (we read this in another review), wear their bathings suits to breakfast, and are generally unfriendly. I can could on one hand the number of people that returned a smile or a hello. The beach is beautiful, lots of palm trees, great for walking. We walked about 8 miles a day. If you walk to the left a couple miles there is an area that has some sea shells. General: first there is absoutly no consistency in anything that is done here. On arrival drinks were handed out to some but not all (including ourselves). They provided no information on check in, only a key. You have to do your leg work here and find out everything on your own. We had to return twice to the front desk for a safe key and a map to find our way. They ask you to fill out a questionaire at the end of your stay but don't provide a pen. We had to walk to the desk to get it and they actually wanted us to return it. As for the resturants, many of the Europeans stay here for approx. 2 week intervals and take up all the reservations which forces most to eat at the buffet for every meal. We did get into one and the reatuarant was only half - full. We were wondering if maybe they make reservations just in case they want to eat there and never cancel. We even heard on of the hotels travel guides say to a guest checking in that this is the most unfair hotel he has ever seen. On night one, we asked for water at least 3 times before it arrived, while others were being served bottles of water, on night 2 we asked for a wine and were given a 2 brand new bottles of both red and white. On night 3 they sat us in the royal suites dinig area, we still don't know why. Bascially, you never know what to expect. Restaurants: I have to say for a buffet the food was good. Fish and pasta were very good. Breakfast was great. We only were able to eat at one a-la-carte, the Haceinda and was very good. Although all seatings are timed. You get one hour to eat. You order, appetezier, entree and desert at the sme time. This isn't the place to sit back and relax but the waiters are alot more friendly here. Entertainment: The shows were actually better than ones we have seen at other resorts. Much longer performances, which is nice since you are advised not to leave the resort at night. Bars: bartenders are very unfriendly, never saw a smile. In Mexico the bartenders knew your name after a couple days and what you liked to drink, so this was a surprise. My husband was given a glass with a chip on the bottom and cut his finger, he was bleeding at the bar, both of us trying unsuccessfully to get a napkin for a few mintues, (one bartender actually waved us away with his hand) had to go to the lobby where he was given a napkin and a piece of tape. Rooms: Outdated. We paid extra for a grand deluxe ocean view. No ocean view, mattress was terrible, the was a dead cricket on the bottom of the floor in the closet for at least 2 days that I saw and was there when we left. No fan in the bathroom, lots of mold. No locks on bathroom door. They had fruit in our room on arrival that didn't look too fresh when we checked in. It sat there all week, and was there when we checked out. (It had mold on that too). Tipping: Don't waste yout money. We tipped 5 US Dollars after every dinner, 2 or 3 after breakfast and 1 dollar after every other trip to the bar. Waste of money, they don't even act as if it is appreciated. Doesn't ensure better service at all. At 2 dinners we had the same waitress, we had left her a total of 10 dollars even after she cleared our table and sat another couple down while we went to get dessert. (my camera was still at the table). She introduced herself about 10 hours later at breakfast like it was the first time she ever laid eyes on us. (we stopped tipping). Tipping might help with the maids. We had heard about giving little gifts. Every morning we gave 2 dollars and barrets, make-up, coloring books, or pencils. She did leave us towels every day so we didn't have to wait in line to get them or check them back in. Half way through our vacation we started not feeling well with abdominal cramps. On our last night, (the night we got a reservation) we could barely get through dinner. (need I say more?) We were back in our room at 8pm and both in bed with chills, and sleeping by 8:30. We missed the show and the beach party. We were sick the entire next day that we had to travel home. You cannot drink the water here (they do supply an enourmous amount of bottled water). We can only guess that we were sick from the drinks served at the beach with ice in them. Overall, the beach and lanscaping are beautiful, food ok, but this is not a resaon to come here. The people and problems began to outweigh the positives. I am embarressed to tell people we even stayed here.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Love-The-Islands
<Content>Nice Resort...But BAD SERVICE       One of the smaller less crowed pools  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kahersh
<Content>Honest Review and Tips Here are some good tips/pointers for Punta Cana and the Grand Flamenco......... We booked through Travelocity and had no problems at all. Flew American from Ohare through Miami, used Prieto Tours as our airport transfer, again no problems..... Airport When you arrive you'll have to pose w/ a couple native girls, they try to sell you the photo at the airport when you leave for $7.00Stop at the very first desk/kiosk when entering the airport, this is where you have to buy your tourist card for $10. Next you proceed to immigration, no problems here for us, and we entered on birth certs and a marriage license (this ends 1/1/07). Next you go through another line and a couple people take your tourist card, I guess the tourist card is nothing more than a receipt that shows you paid the $10 entry fee into the country. Be careful, when we were in line for security on the way home they came around asking for our tourist card, we told them we already turned it in and they went on asking others, could be a way for them to get another $10 out of you. Next you get your bags and go through customs, we got waved through here, some people got their stuff searched. Next you will see a bunch of guys waiting around to help you with your bags, just give them a firm, no gracias, the transportation is only about 20-30 yards away, be firm as they are very pushy and will physically try to pull your bags away from you (they do this on the way home too). You will turn to the right and see a bunch of guys holding clip boards with their tour company name on them, find your company and they will direct you to th correct bus/van. Tranfer If you're the religous type, you might want to start saying your prayers. If you're the adventurous type, or want to learn a little about the area then sit up front w/ the driver. I rode shotgun all the way to our hotel and it was pretty fun. The driver told me all about the local schools, baseball, cigar factory, traffic, and the area in general all the way through the trip, it was very cool. The traffic is crazy, they make Mexico drivers look good, seriously, there are motorcycles going both ways down both sides of the street while cars and trucks are continuously passing one another. Add in the potholes and jaywalkers and it is like you're inside the game FROGGER. The area is very poor, lots of shacks and shipping containers that have been transformed into homes. We landed at about 3:30 and got the the Grand Flamenco about 5:15. Arrival Very easy for us as we arrived pretty late. I did see at various times during our visit the line get kinda long. There were only two people up front, and check in took about 5 min. as they explain where everything is and how everything works. So if you're in a line with 6-7 people in front of you it could easily take 15-20 minutes or more. Dont get mad, turn around and go to the lobby bar and get a drink, look for Emrilio, he can hook you up with el presidente (I'll discuss el presidente later) or a yummy Miami Vice. They will give you a ride on a golf cart to your room. Room We stayed in building 25. Definetly a good lacation, close to the beach, and a short strole to the restaurants/lobby. I sent an email to them about a week before and requested buildings 13, 25, or 26 based on what I had read in previous reviews. We stayed on the first floor, very easy in and out as there are no elevators in the buildings. The room was decent, nothing like you would have in Cancun, but nice in a different kind of way. We had two full beds pushed together to make a king. Had no problem with this, been married five years and it is nice to be able to stretch out at night and have your own room and sleep in. Found a few ants in the bathroom but we had taken ant traps with us per others suggestions in previous reviews, put those out and never saw anymore ants. Also would defintely suggest you take some type of air freshner (candle, plug ins, spray, etc...) rooms smelled from all the moisture in the air. We tipped $2 to the maid and left her some little dollar store gift (body spray, lotion, etc) everyday. Didn't really get any special treatment from this, but room was very clean every day, floor mopped w/ bleach water, and mini fridge stocked w/ 7up, Pepsi, bottled water, and a couple el presidente's everyday. Sheets and comforter were slightly worn and could have been replaced. Shower was pretty funny, about four or five streams of water came out of the shower head. Showering took some time, but we were in no hurry, and it was all clean. The bathroom door is not solid, has slats in the door, so if you're shy, this could be an issue, especially if you have drank alot of el presidente the night before. Also, our room was/could have been a suite, and the folks next door were smokers, could smell smoke coming through the suite door in our room from time to time. Keep your mouth shut when in the shower and definetly use bottled water when brushing your teeth! Had a great patio. Used the safe, $15 when you check out. TV wasn't bad, ESPN, got NBC at night, TBS, and Showtime, along with various other non english channels. The power in the room is turned off/on by a switch that requires your room key tag be inserted to turn on the power. Just use an old card to keep the power/air conditioning on all the time, a Blockbuster card works great. Beach/Pool/Grounds/Weather The beach was the best I have ever seen, incredible. Never had trouble finding chairs, usually got there around 10:30 to 11 in the morning. Very windy, so you dont get too hot. You will burn very quickly, we used spf 30 and were safe and got a little color. Lots of topless Euro girls. Even saw a man g string and a man thong, hilarious! The weather was pretty great the whole time, could get a bit of a chill when the clouds blocked the sun, as it was so windy, but usually sunny, plus coming from the midwest, anything other than cold dreery weather was great. At night we never needed any pants or jackets, I always wore shorts and t-shirts. The resorts here are huge, so you can walk for 5-10 min on the beach and still be in front of the same resort. The grounds were impeccable, always being groomed and cleaned, from the other resorts we saw, ours always looked the best. The pools were great, only really used the one near the lobby with the swim bar, say whats up to Castillo, he'll hook you up with el presidente's. Chairs go fast by the pools, seemed to be filled up by 10 or so. The water seemed a bit cold, but you just have to make the plunge.Entertainment Pretty funny. The guys there work hard, you see them at 9 in the morning getting things ready, then they are stars of the show at night which doesn't get over till 10:30 or so, and they are on all day, entertaining, dancing, games, etc...The shows at night were mildly entertaining, not alot else to do though, I found having a few el presidente's before/during definetly helped. There is also a small casino there, just slots though. Mostly we would go hang out in the lobby for a while, go eat, then go see the show. Never madw it to the club, Magnu, heard it was the best in the area though, open from 11p.m.-9a.m.! Atleast this is what we were told.Food Well, Unfortunately I do have to agree with most other reviewers and say that the food, well, it mostly sucks. The buffet food was cold. They defiently cater more towards European tastes here. Never had any troubles with seating, you do have to take charge sometimes and just sit yourself, and help yourself to drinks, wine, etc.. They are understaffed for sure, but they do try their best. There just wasn't much that looked good to me at all. The beach buffet for lunch was a tad better, they had pizza, and some good rice, potatos, and such. I always left every meal feeling dissastisfied, like you just didn't have anything good to eat. The best place by far is upstairs overlooking the ampitheater area. Find a table and they will come wait on you, they serve brick oven pizza which is actually pretty good. Don't waste your time with the steakhouse Los Reses. It was horrible for the most part. They conme around with scewers and serve you different kinds of meats. First Mexican sausage, horrible, then an lemon chicken, not too bad, then pork chop, pretty good, then lamb, horrible, and then the steak, which is really nothing more than a fatty piece of roast and if you can find a bite through all the fat, doesn't taste too good. We heard the Italian and Mexican places were equally bad. The Oriental seems like the best choice from what we heard. You have to make reservations in the lobby for these restaurants, get there early as the line gets long since the people don't know what awaits them. We ate alot of bread. Pancakes, French Toast, and doughnuts for breakfast.El Presidente El Presidente is really a ruthless dictator, he will rule your liver with an iron fist. This is some of the most powerful beer I have ever had. It says 5% alcohol, but I suspect it may be closer to 8 or 9! I drink quite often and after 2-3 beers el presidente was making his presence known. Proceed with caution as el presidente likes to sneak up on you and suprise you and your stomach. He will also reak havoc on your bowels the following day, making sure you enjoy the fine Dominican toilet paper (you might want to bring a role or two from home). Also make sure to enjoy all the foo foo drinks, very yummy and potentially equally as powerful as el presidente. Beware the wine, made the misses kinda sick the next day. Tipping a dollar will definetly get you quicker service, the bartenders will scan peoples hands as they are pouring drinks so they can see who has bills sticking out, if you do, you are next.Look out for the people standing around (mostly in the morning) in the white polo shirts. They are from Allegro Vacations and want to steal your time to try and sell you a time share. They will try to tempt you with asking if you have been to the orientation meeting or have you got your welcome gift? I just flat out told them: I know what your selling and I am not interested and would hate to wait your time seeing all the other prospects you have around here. That usually seemed to do, if not, I would turn the tables and try to mess with them and waste their time, they would get tired of this and walk back to their post. We were also approached on the beach by one of these guys during the afternoon. If it looks like your not laying out with your eyes closed (I was sitting up messing with my ipod) they will approach you. This guy though was trying to sell me weed green, I passed as the prospects of spending my vacation in a Dominican jail cell didn't seem to appealing. Also on the beach are people trying to sell you tickets to a lobster cruise, just ignore them, they're not to pushy. I never really saw all this sales stuff in Cancun, in fact the Federales would usually chase these people away, not in Punta Cana, they are kind of persistent and always around. All in all it was a great trip. Would we go there (Punta Cana) again, mmmmmm......probably not, but if we do I would definely stay at this resort again. Cancun is a much quicker flight for us and definetly has finer accomodations and food. The only reasons I gave this place above average is the beach/weather, which they have nothing to do with, the people who are for the most part very friendly, and the fact that the four or five other resorts we saw when we were there didn't look as nice as the Grand Flamenco.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Sunfunneekie
<Content>A pleasant stay... After so many bad reviews, I want to give this hotel some credit, and also some areas for improvement:Check in: As others have stated - a bit surly, but nothing terrible. We arrived at about 11 am and our room was not ready until close to 5pm. No problem for us, we brought our swimsuits and flip flops and went straight to the beach. As we came back checking for our room periodically I saw people from our flight still sitting in the lobby looking quite irritated! I was glad we all brought our swimsuits and enjoyed our first day!Rooms: Very clean and very large. No complaint here. We were in building 13 which is extremely close to the beach, but far from restaurants.Pools/Beach: Great!Bars: Again, the service is a bit surlier than I am used to, and I always make an attempt to smile and speak in spanish as much as I possibly can, but they just seemed very overworked. With roughly 2000 people at this resort I think they are just slightly understaffed.Drinks are quite good - make sure to try the Tiki Tiki. There were no menus at the bars the first few days and then they appeared. Just be kind and patient and you'll get your drink....eventually! :)Food:The buffet was one of the best 4* buffets I've ever been to. Roasted turkey, fish, beef, shrimp, lobster, asparagus, broccoli, mushrooms, red and yellow peppers, salad, soup, great bread. Really great selection. Make sure you try the sandwhiches during lunch - they are extremely tasty! Breakfast was great too - omlettes, eggs, sausage, fried plantains, hashbrowns, hard boiled eggs, cereal, pastries, smoothies, juice, french toast, and pancakes. Awesome selection.Home Rum: Burgers, french fries, salad, onion rings and Nachos. Yummy. Say hi to Jorge! He's a sweetie!Beach Buffet: Always smelled like gasoline to me? I never quite understood it.The A la cartes were great too, we loved the Oriental and went twice - the pork and sesame salmon are amazing and try the banana bags and rice pudding for dessert. The latter is in a coconut with creme brule sugar on top! The white wine in the Oriental restaruant was great too! Reservations: This was a bit of a pain - I was an early riser so I got most of our reservations but the ifrst night we got there I really wante to eat at a restaurant for our friend's birthday.Entertainment: They have a live band and singers that perform every night loungey type music that was a bit too slow for us - more like a lullaby - but they are an amazing band and the singers are excellent, just a bit dry for us. The did some audience participation activities which were mildly amusing.Later on at 11:30 they have some entertainment in the lobby. Romance night (Yawn..), Bingo (bigger yawn), but then on Tuesday night they had merengue, salsa, and bachata dancing in the lobby. We're dancers so WE LOVED IT! Far better dancing than at the disco Mangu- which played far too much N. American Music for my taste. Saturday night they had a foam party upstairs which was a riot. Upstairs plays house music and downstairs plays (In this order EVERY night): Merengue, Bachata, Salsa, Hiphop, Reggaeton, and then repeats. The disco gets going at about 12:00-12:30.Animation staff: It took us a few days to find them and figure out what was when - they don't list all of the activities on the big boards around the resort. But once we found them, we had a riot doing water aerobics, volleyball, dancing on the beach, step aerobics. Lots of fun! These activities are all located at the pool closest to the beach. The pool clostest to the lobby was very quiet until the pool bar got going - there was always a rowdy crowd there. So depending on what you like - its easy to find silence all day long, or fun music and activities.Lounge Chairs: For three days there was crazy winds (we called it Tropical Storm Betsey) so it was uncomfortable to go to the beach, the pool clostest to the lobby was where everyone wanted to be, so by 9 am one day there were NO CHAIRS. Once the wind cleared up, however, there were tons of empty chairs.Conclusion: Be ready to deal with the service - I smiled ALOT and spoke spanish as best I could, and it still seemed like a struggle - BUT we made the best of it, had a laugh, and had a great time.Its a huge resort - but its very beautiful, and after a few days we really started to appreciate how much hard work and money goes into running a resort this big...HAVE FUN!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not that great We just got back (Jan. 29/06) from the Grand Flamenco and it was not that great. For a 4 1/2 resort it didn't live up to it. First of all, when we arrived tired and hungry from the flight, we had slow service at the front desk. Then the room they gave us had a problem with the lock, we had to argue with the manager to give us a different room, he was not very understanding at all. About 1/2 an hour later we got into a new room and wanted to have supper. We went to the buffet to find food that was undercooked, greasy and not that appetizing, although the fruit and dessert was good. Anyway we fill our plates and find there is nowhere to sit! Nobody is seating us we have to wander around and finally found an empty table. Well, cold food of course. After a few days we realized that the food was always cold, not that we couldn't find a place to sit, if you go early you should find a place. But the way the kitchen is set up and with all the people and I don't think the food is that hot to begin with, its not steaming. We tried some of the other restaurants and they were so-so. The pizzeria was good though, but you can't eat pizza for a week straight! The beach bar food was greasy. On the positive side, the grounds and resort is well kept, clean. The beach is beautiful but very windy, we were actually cold when it was cloudy out. Sand flying in your face some days. But thats not the resort's fault, we didn't expect it to be so windy. We were at Puerto plata last year and tried this side of the island, we would go back to puerto plata again, it was much calmer and hotter. With the wind in Punta Cana it feels alot cooler, we had to wear jackets and pants at night. Entertainment was ok, good most nights. Would we go back? No way! Good food is an important part of our vacation, it made me feel bloated. We talked to several people who got sick, one actually had to go to the hospital. So I guess we were lucky. If you have any questions you can email me, I would be glad to help.Judy rvanden@mts.net  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sunburnseeker
<Content>Somewhat Grand From January 20-27 my husband and I (28 and 26)stayed at the Grand Flamenco and after spending alot of time reading reviews before I went I feel it is my duty to share our experience. We fly away every January and have been to several resorts and I must say this was the most dissappointing we have traveled to. Check in went well, we had the transat premium pkg which allowed up to aviod the line ups. This also allowed us to make our reservations for dinner right away for 5 nights and if you didnt have this package you could only book 2 days at a time and the line was really long. We were off to our room in building 26(prime location by beach) and upon arrival we had no air conditioning. We phoned the front desk and they said that someone would be right over and to stay in our room. Needless to say we waited till 1:00am and no one came. Next morning I phoned the front desk again and they said we would have to wait 10 minutes- well 5 phone calls more and 2 hours later someone arrived and fixed it. And than it worked fine. The rooms themselves we not that nice- I didn't take my shoes off in the room the whole week- floor was filthy and gross and this was even after they cleaned them. The shower was also a let down- rusty and didn't drain which is yucky. The activities were ok- a little disorganized but you could always find something to do. You do have to get up at 7am if you want a pool chair which I thought was ridiculas. Food was decent but you can't expect Canadian food and I did unfortunitly get sick for 2 days while we were there. Oriental was great, mexican was good, italian was decent, pizza restaurant on the balcony and homerum sports restaurant was really good. Drinks were great and plentiful- try a strawberry banana daquori! Entertainment was cheesy but drink lots and it gets funnier! For buying stuff I found the best time was when the vendors came in to the resort on Friday night, they had nice stuff but you did have to do some heavy duty bartering (still better than the creepy guys on the beach). The beach is fabulos which is why we decided to come back to Dominican so we spent lots of time walking up and down them. Lastly and the thing that made me the madest was that we didnt fly out until 10 at night which meant we had a full day at the resort but you can only have your room until 1 in the afternoon. So they tell you to book a courtesy room that you can shower in and have for 1/2 an hour to get ready before you leave. So we booked it and went to get it at 5 like they said and they had lost our reservation so we didn't get to shower before we left which after a day on the beach is gross! At all times in this hotel you can find someone at the front desk yelling about something- it is just a disorganized hotel. We would never stay at this hotel again- we would go back to the Riu Tanio where we stayed last time in Dominican but if you don't mind confusion than you won't mind this place!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cathie1771
<Content>Great resort Was a little scared after reading some of the recent reviews. Not a complaint from our group. The staff was excellent from check-in to check-out we never had a problem. We were in building 25 close to the beach. Room was a bit dated but absolutely spotless (tip the maid and take her a few trinkets from the dollar store) my room was cleaned twice a day (once in the am while at the beach and also while we were at dinner), anything I asked for I got.Food at the buffet was tasty, lots of variety and always hot. The Oriental was the best restaurant followed by the Italian and Mexican (didn't care for the steakhouse). Home Rum was great during the day, hamburgers, hot dogs, onion rings, fries, etc.Took me awhile to find a drink I liked but it was definately the Strawberry Daquiri that won out. They are very generous with the alcohol be careful one drink can do you in on an empty stomach.The grounds are immaculate they are constantly cleaning everywhere. The beach is picture perfect. Sand is soft and white and beach chairs are everywhere, never had a problem finding one.Entertainment was good but the lobby entertainment from 11 pm to 1 am is the best, happening place if you like to people watch.Mostly Canadian and Europeons at this resort, all very happy and friendly.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TownGirl
<Content>I feel the need to defend this resort ... My husband and I stayed here between Jan 10-17 and I was worried based on previous reviews but decided that because there was no turning back, I would enter this adventure with a sense of humour. My first comment is a suggestion to those who choose not to use the complimentary shuttle from the airport. Our bus was delayed one hour because some people took a cab and didn't report it properly. If you're taking a cab, just quickly let the bus driver know and it won't hold up everyone's progress. This was our first trip to a tropical destination and we appreciated the information provided on the bus by the guide.Second suggestion ... sit close to the front of the bus so you can be first off and quickly into line at the registration desk. Registration does seem to be a little confused; however, if you're at the back of the line you may consider drinking in the lobby bar until the line subsides - may as well start practicing!If you're a VIP guest (green bracelet), I recommend going to the information session, it only takes about 45 minutes and introduces you to the 'special' things you are entitled to.There is a flea market 'plaza' just a 10 minute walk out the resort gate. I don't recommend that a woman go there alone because after being adorned with a complimentary necklace, the vendor wanted me to give him a 'present' ... I was all alone with him in his shop waiting for another guy to return with my change ... it got awkward ... really.The beach is fantastic, so are the pools. The food and drinks are plentiful. We met many other Canadians and had a great time - even sitting under an umbrella on the beach in the pouring rain.We had a great time and avoided all the problems that other people have complained about. Was it luck? Or are small town Saskatchewan folks easier to please?Have a great trip! Rocanville, SK  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything you need to know about your All-Inclusive package       buffet food  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible customer service I just came back from Punta Cana I was supposed to stay at this hotel but when I arrived they had overbooked 50 rooms. They tried to downgrade us to a cheaper hotel. After wasting three and a half hours arguing with one of the check in people we were finally upgraded to anther hotel..In between that time they promised management would come out and speak with us yet they never showed. The counter person kept on receiving phone calls from managent on the telphone changing the language he spoke from spanish to german so that we could not understand what he was saying. He was trying to convince us that the other hotel was just as nice as theirs yet was laughing as he did... Very unprofessional, the hotel itself looked nice but I would never try it again, their customer service absolutely stinks.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Manhattan25
<Content>Gorgeous Beach Outweights Hotel Troubles CHECK IN @ Occidental: There was a major rain storm when I landed. Once I finally got to the resort, I was told by the front desk there was fire damage at one of the buildings  we were going to be sent to Paradisus for one night... Then I was told by the assistant manager there was electrical problems... THEN was told there was water damage. I figured something was up... Luckily, (though, I am not Hispanic)I speak  understand Spanish; therefore, I was able to find out what really happened... They overbooked (FYI: I arrived BEFORE check in time).Once, I found out the truth (by overhearing in Spanish...), I was livid. I pulled the GM aside and demanded some sort of compensation for my troubles and refused to leave without any. I received VIP reservations for all the restaurants and a better room. (FYI: There were 23 other guests in the same situation)I headed to Paradisus which is a gorgeous and v. large resort. Everyone is v. professional. It really has everything you need - spa, fitness center, numerous pools, outdoor movie theatre, stage, shops, and even peacocks and beautiful birds in the front! The food  service was excellent (though was only able to try the buffet breakfast  dinner). The best part - there are concierges in every single building - so you don't need to wait in an enormous line at the lobby.Back to Occidental:Occidental is smaller in comparison to Paradisus, however, it was much more my style - quaint and comfortable.FOOD: Buffet was pretty good with loads of fresh fruits. The beach restaurant was v. convenient - on the beach. Though, of course after 8 days, it did get a bit old. Empanada shop - yummy! Pizza good but oily. Bars EVERYWHERE - get the coconut drinks! Check out the Oriental, Italian  Mexican restaurant (in that order!!) Make your reservations for rest. ASAP and all at once!SERVICE: Ranged for great to poor(despite the fact we ALWAYS tipped). Just a matter of different servers - but we realised on the last days - these people work LONG hours - like 13+ hours a day. Did realise, they seemed to treat the Caucasians better than the rest...ROOM: Spacious and clean. Missed one wake up call and beach towel delivery. But our maid was AWESOME and deserved the tips  gifts we left. No bugs - but we did spray ourselves @ night with bug spray b/c we slept with the pation door open and turned off the AC. TV worked fine. Fridge always full. Umbrella provided. Alarm clock doesn't work - so use the wake up call or better yet, bring a small alarm clock. Brought a small candle for the bathroom.BEACH: One word - GORGEOUS!!! Was a bit windy and did rain a little but it doesn't hamper the beauty of the beach. There was an excursion shop near the beach restaurant and worth checking out - try the wave tube for the adventerous type.FITNESS CENTER: Small but usable.POOLS: Spacious and large but skip the pools and head to the beach!GUESTS: Mostly Canadians.SHOW: So much fun!! Except one night, they did have a skit with a stereotypical portrayal of an Asian man which I found v. offensive - but it was due to ignorance  mentioned it to their end of the week report.TIP: AVOID the men/women in white shirts. They try to lure you with a 40% discount off your next holiday and free gifts but they take about 2 hrs of your holiday time and the catch is you need to sign up for a timeshare - which seemed like some sort of scam b/c the first price they gave us was $12,000 but then (w/o hesitation) jumped to a MUCH lower price, $7,000. If you're interested then def. bargain but if not... AVOID them!!!Overall, I really enjoyed my time b/c I spent every day at the gorgeous beach, but would def. give a slight warning to people before I recommend Occidental.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. My wife  I just returned from a 14 day stay at this resort, from Jan 05 to the 19th. We had a wonderful time! Were there some minor glitches? Of course there were, but they certainly didn't detract from our overall experience. I've read all the reviews posted while we were away and I'm sorry but I just can't understand how small inconveniences seem to overwhelm people. Many were seemingly shocked that English was not commonly spoken or well understood by staff members who live in this Spanish speaking country and who regularly have to cater to Germans, French, Italians, Scandinavians, English, Orientals, etc. etc. If you know you want to ask for an ocean view room why not take the time to learn that Spanish phrase before leaving home? We did just that, learned a few useful phrases prior to departure and we had very little difficulty in communicating with the staff. Good old international sign language works when all else fails.I'm not going to go into detail regarding the beach, swimming pools and grounds which have been described in detail by many other reviewers, suffice to say they are excellent! Our check-in at the lobby on arrival at 9:30 PM went smoothly even though the male staff member who dealt with us seemed a little surly but still accomodating. He'd probably spent many hours that day dealing with guests coming and going and was looking forward to some time off. I requested a room in a building close to the beach, Bldg (Edificio)13 or 26 preferably and was informed none were available that night but to come back in the morning and my request would be considered. We did as suggested and sure enough they were more than happy to move us to a room on the second floor of Bldg 26. The room was more than adequate for two people, spacious, clean and everything worked, i.e. electrical appliances, refrigerator, hot water, shower, TV. No problems whatsoever! Our maid was great! We left her a couple of US dollars on a pillow each day along with other items brought from home, lipstick, emory boards, crayons, coloring books, my wifes unused jewellery, panty hose (also unused :) and little cars for her kids. She was very appreciative and kept our fridge stocked each day with four bottles of Superior beer as well as a selection of pop and of course bottled water.Now comes the food! Again I'm surprised at the number of negative comments. We've been to a number of all inclusive resorts and this place has the best selection of any four star I've seen. Breakfast was unbeatable. We usually lunched at the beach buffet, not because it was any better but just for a change. Sure it eventually becomes a little repetitious but the quality of most items was acceptable. I had to restrict myself in order not to eat too much; at home I eat a relatively light lunch but here I found myself eating as much or more than I would eat at home for supper! The evening meal was similar, we found the choises to be adequate and not restricted to just fish  rice as earlier reported. During our 14 days we had fresh prawns twice, lobster twice, roast pork and beef, roast ham, chicken, turkey, seafood selection, beef  pork casseroles, multi selections of Mediterranean and Caribbean fare, Mexican dishes, pasta in different forms, soups, etc. This was always accompanied by an ample vegetable selection and fresh salads galore. Desserts were in abundance as were pastries which seemed very popular with the kids.Having said the above I will admit that after 10 or 12 days repetition seemed to creep in but I suppose it's inevitable when they have to cater to 800+ guests each day. I can't see it being a problem for those staying for a week or less however. The service in the main buffet area does leave something to be desired. The staff aren't unfriendly, quite the contrary, but they don't seem to possess the attentiveness to detail as waiters/waitresses at European or North American restaurants do. They are slow to respond to necessary duties such as table clean up and resetting following the completion of a guest's meal which results in too many dirty tables facing newly arrived guests looking for a place to sit down and eat. Frequently my wife  I would choose a table where we wished to sit, I would confront a staff member and point to the table whereupon he/she would immediately take the necessary action to reset the table and bring our wine. We did this in a friendly way and at no time did I rant or rave at anyone. Try to show a little patience and it will serve you better in the long run. I'm not sure of the underlying problem in the buffet area but I suspect the staff could be trained more thoroughly.We ate in each of the a la carte restaurants and I can't say any of them were spectacular but all were an experience in themselves. None were a disaster.The evening entertainment as reported elsewhere was better than most all inclusives. Being old foggies we didn't take in the disco but in speaking to many of the younger crowd, it is apparently the place to be dude! It opens about 11PM and rocks 'till dawn, about 5-7 AM!In conclusion, we greatly enjoyed our stay and would return to this resort again. Keep an open mind, remember you're travelling to a third world country, don't expect European or N. American service, smile and don't sweat the small stuff. If anyone wants to email me for further or more detailed info, please do so.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Danish49
<Content>Wonderful time at the Grand Flamenco We were at the Grand Flamenco from 1/15 to 1/20 and we had a wonderful time. AIRPORT: If this is your first time in the DR, please note that you do not taxi up to a gate...the plane sits on the tarmac and you have to walk down the stairs from the plane and into the terminal (which is very nice). Just so happens that we landed in a torrential downpour and we were soaked by the time we got to the terminal. We were laughing so much! Also...each room at the resort has a big umbrella just in case it rains!The resort is lovely. The resort is HUGE..plenty of walking - which is good exercise. The grounds are immaculate, always someone cleaning, sweeping, etc. One day we watched a guy climb up one of the trees on an island in the big pool just outside of the Buffet and cut off branches, etc before they could fall onto people swimming. Another morning we watched workers cleaning around the pool area - rinsing the pavers and brushing them. They work hard to keep the place looking nice. The 3 swimming pools are very clean and impressive - plenty of chairs surrounding each pool. The beach is beautiful - with plenty of chairs to go around. You can go down early morning and put your beachtowels on the chairs you want to reserve, and they will be there when you come back hours later. We never had a problem with getting chairs. The ocean has waves, not huge but enough to enjoy jumping in them. The waters are not calm like the waters on Grace Bay in the Turks. The water was warm enough to go in, just took a little longer to get in...but once a small wave hit you there was no choice but to get in and enjoy. A word of caution...there are topless women on the beach, but if you have little kids you may have to do some explaining, and your teenage sons will get an eyefull!First off, I have to say, go with an open mind. This is not America, it is the Dominican Republic and things are different there. CHECK-IN: Arrived at the hotel and waited in a long line to check in, only to find out our room was not ready yet. Our checkin took over 1 1/2 hours and we found it difficult to communicate with the person checking us in. We had a drink in the lobby (which is huge and lovely) and walked over to the HomeRun (above the swim up bar) and had something to eat. When we got to our room the luggage was waiting in the hall for us, which was nice to see. We were in building 22 - right behind the entertainment stage. Unless you don't mind listening to the nightly entertainment you may want to insist being moved to another building. We had requested a King Bed...we had 2 twin beds put together. We weren't happy about it, but we figured we could manage. The room was large, clean and had a beautiful balcony with a round table and 2 chairs. The bathroom is also big. Figured we'd make the best of it, but that night, the nightly entertainment did not end until 12:30AM! (we had been up since 4am). The next day I requested a room change but was told the hotel was overbooked and maybe I could get a different room by Tuesday. We did eventually get moved to building 26 - down by the beach.BARS: Plenty of them. The Lobby Bar is the best. I had one Pina Colada - and then drank either wine or Vodka Tonics. The lobby bar makes a great Vodka Tonic. The alcohol is not top shelf, but tasted good anyway.RESTAURANTS: There are plenty of restaurants - so you should not go hungry. THE HOME RUN is a sports bar and has hamburgers, hotdogs, nachos, etc. The hamburgers were good. There is also a bar in the HomeRun, and besides beer and alcohol, there is plenty of bottled water to go around.BUFFET: The Buffet is very large, plenty of tables, nicely set. At night they fancy the seating up by putting chair covers on the chairs and white linen on the tables. Nice silverware and dishes. White and Red wine with lunch and dinner - they are always filling the glasses. I know that many have said the wine is not good...again, it is what you make of it. Is it top of the line wine from CA? No...but it tasted OK to us. We have had worse right here in the States. There is always plenty of fresh fruit and bread. Lots of different things to chose from - I was a bit fussy with what I ate, but never went hungry eating there. I was nervous to eat salad/vegtables that may have been rinsed with regular water - but my husband ate it (along with many others) and my husband did not get sick.BEACH RESTAURANT: Can't remember what time they begin serving, but the food is great. We had lunch there a few times. There is also a bar so it is not a long walk from the beach to get your drink! Again, always bottled water available!MEXICAN: You need reservations - so make them early. We thought it was pretty good food. I had a Shrimp Burrito as an appetizer and it was fantastic - spicy and very very good. My husband had Beef Frajita and I had Chicken Mole - both very good. Again, wine flowed freely. ITALIAN: Again, a reservation restaurant. We were not as pleased with this meal. Don't get me wrong, it was good - but not what we expected.ORIENTAL - reservation required. I think no children under 18 are allowed in for dinner. DONT miss eating in this restaurant. It was our favorite. The California Sushi was the best! Better then any Sushi I have had in the States. I had a chicken dish, my husband had sweet and sour pork - and they were both excellent. The best part was eating with chopsticks! They did offer a fork, but we declined - we were having too much fun. Again, all the wine (or whatever you wanted) you could drink.THE GRILL: - we did not eat in this restaurant to I can't comment on the food.ROOMS: The rooms are large, and clean. The maids do a great job. We always had electricity, airconditioning and the fan always worked. We had plenty of hot water and water pressure. The refrigerator always had 2 beers, 2 sodas and 2 large bottles of water. Remember, DO NOT brush your teeth using the tap water...and keep your mouth closed in the shower. Don't take a chance of getting some sort of bug. Neither my husband or I got sick. The furniture is a little dated, but again, it is the DR. Don't go expecting a 4 Star American Resort. The TV worked...CNN International, ESPN, and lots of DR stations.TOWELS: I think they are difficult to come by. We always had 2 bathtowels and 2 handtowels, but no extras. We did get a washcloth after a few days, but if you use a washcloth you may want to bring them along. Beachtowels you get down by the beach. We brought $100 in $1.00 bills to give as tips. In speaking with people who worked at the resort we found out a little bit of how they live their lives. It is not an easy life for them. Alot of them don't have cars and have to ride a bus over 1 hour to get home. Many of them work from 8AM to 11PM. The guy who checked us in on Sunday was waiting on tables in the Buffet on Thursday. He was there for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We always tipped $1 to $2 for drinks, a little more at the restaurants. We always smiled and said Hola (hello), and Gracias - a smile and kindness goes a long way. A lot of employees do not speak English - only know Thank you, Hello, Goodbye - so be patient. We did not go there expecting anyone to jump for us as others do. We felt a smile letting them know we appreciated what they were doing was a better way then being obnoxious.We also brought small gifts for our maid and left them for her daily along with $3/day. I went to the Dollar Store and brought a picture frame, dishtowel, dishcloth, clips for bags of food, toothbrushes and toothpaste, hand cream, etc. I even left some gum. I think anything is appreciated. When we packed up to go home I left most of what I had brought along. Easier for me to go out and buy it here then it is for them. We did not take any excursions so I can't comment on any of them. We did take the hotel shuttle over to the Allegro which is a sister hotel. We wanted to see what that was like. It is alot smaller and only has 1 pool. We liked the Grand Flamenco much better. We had to take a Taxi back ($18) which was better then a roller coaster ride! They drive like maniacs, passing, tailgating..speeding. It is not advised to rent a car - I know that I am an aggressive driver and I would NOT want to drive there.Allegro Vacation Club: You are usually approached by the Vacation Club near the main lobby and up to the outdoor stage. We were never approached by anyone once we were passed the stage. I guess that is it for now. We did enjoy our vacation at the Grand Flamenco and we plan on going back with our daughter, son-in-law, granddaughter, our son and his girlfriend. It is a nice place to relax and veg out, with nothing to worry about. No worries about where your next meal is coming from, you just have to worry about where to eat and what to have to drink.Last but not least - go and enjoy yourself. Don't expect perfection and you will be plesantly surprised at how much you will enjoy yourself and you'll look forward to going back.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Artemon
<Content>It is not even Carribean sea!!! We just came back from this hotel. First of all it is not Carrebian Sea. It's Atlantic Ocean. Hotel is huge that's true. Therefore the beach is packed all the time. To get a place you have to wake up at 7.00 A.M.Huge lines to the bars . To get a drink you have to stay in the line all the times. Bartenders have no idea how to make cokteils. They need to learn from Mexicans how to do this. Personal is lasy. Lots of miscommunications. Servers don't speak English. Not enough tea/coffee caps. And so on.... To buy something you'll be suprised how expensive everything there. Packages from Vancouver really terrible. You have to check out at 1.00 p.m. and then wait for your pick up at 9.25 p.m. This is disaster. And beaches are much worse then cuban beaches or beaches on Cancun. For people who has a kid, they give a dolly like in hospital, even if you pay full price. I don't recomend this hotel at all.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wouldn't go back...beach was great first day... room wasn't ready...lost my luggage, put us in a different room. we arrived in the morning first day an entire waste.food was nothing to look forward to... specialty resturants were terrible.room wasn't cleaned, i had to call.. they finally came at 7 pm. no hand towels, sometimes no clean towels, no wash clothstoms river, nj  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wasted vacation if you go there,eat all meals in the buffet restaurant.food in specialty restaurants not very good.room service spotty,many problems.very little english spoken.go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Time I am planning a trip again and i was reading reviews for the resort i am planning to stay at. Alot were negative which worried me but then i looked at the reviews for the Gran Flamenco and again I saw many negative reviews. I have stayed at the gran flamenco and most of what the reviews had to say (negative points) were not true with my trip. From what i can say I loved my vacation to this resort. Our first room smelled of smoke but i went to the main desk and told them and an hour later we were in a new and better room with a beautiful view. The beach was amazing and the weather was great. The pools were all very nice too. Service was fine i think sometimes people expect to much. The drinks were good, not watered down and the disco, le mangu was amazing. There were three floors, bottem playing hip hop, dance music, 2nd floor playing salsa type music, and third floor playing techno. The drinks weren't free here but we would drink in the lobby until about 12 and then do to the disco. The only thing i have to complain about is the food, and while i am a picky eater it just wasnt very good. Friends of ours went before us and they said the food was amazing so we werent sure why ours just wasnt? We found some stuff to tie us over but i was happy to eat normal food when we got home. Besides this the trip was amazing...we went parasailing and swam with the dolphins too! I reccomend this for young people looking to have fun with an amazing night life (nighttime shows were great too) Dont listen to bad reviews I am planning to return to Gran Flamenco in April  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JRFT60
<Content>Awful, awful, awful. Look elsewhere Just got back from what I hoped would be a relaxing 3 night vacation. What a surprise I was in for.Showed up to the hotel about 3 with Orbitz confirmation number in had. Well, not only had they never heard of us, but they claimed they were completely overbooked and could not accomodate us. After three hours of hassle and conversations with Orbitz, while I sat and watched the sun disappear for the day, we were awarded with a room. I should note that we were asked to 'hide' at the snack bar while they got rid of a couple in a similar situation so they could not see that we got a room. This couple arrived before us, got the same line that they had never heard of them and apparently were accomodated elsewhere. Turns out they were the lucky ones.Food - downright awful. Fettucine Alfredo does not mean lukewarm limp noodles and milk.Room - what an eyesore. two double beds instead of one king bed. One of the double beds was unsported on the left side by the bedrame, causing the bed to slant and sag in the middle. The alarm clock ran 4 hours fast for every 24 hours. This little gem caused us to miss two meals, by unintentionally oversleeping. When we requested a replacement (which never showed up), we were told they needed to contact a repairman, ... for a $4 alarm clock. I almost lost it there. So we asked for a wake up call at 9:30 am, phone rang at 5:30 am.I could go on with some other things, but you get my point, do not stay here. OTOH the beach and pools were nice.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>twoprincesses
<Content>Fantastic trip and would return in a minute! OCCIDENTAL GRAND FLAMENCO PUNTA CANA 鈥?TRIP REVIEW (LONG) - DECEMBER 3-10First of all, to give you our perspective 鈥?we are a 30-something professional couple from Kentucky. We have traveled to Jamaica, Mexico, and Puerto Rico. We travel together once a year without our kids to relax on the beach, so a great beach is a must for us. We also like and expect to be in nice, well-kept surroundings. We are Disney Vacation Club members and have been spoiled by staying in the high-end Disney resorts. Food is not a huge issue for us, as we are not overly picky. We also like good nightlife/dancing, since as parents we don鈥檛 get out much at home.We picked this hotel after Hurricane Wilma ruined our return trip to Cancun. After scouring reviews of various locations and hotels on the internet, we picked this one because of the fabulous beach and its popular disco, Mangu. We knew from the reviews that the food wasn鈥檛 going to be anything to write home about. We like to know everything we can from other travelers so we know what to expect. This resort basically lived up to our expectations. This review will be long because I like as much information as possible and want to provide it for others since we benefited from the reports of other travelers.Travel to ResortTravel was thankfully uneventful. The thatched-roof airport in Punta Cana is really something to see. We had no problems with baggage claims or immigration. The only thing that was a little odd 鈥?the airplane attendants had given us the forms to fill out while still on the plane. We have seen this done while traveling to other countries. But when we got to Punta Cana, the officials there insisted that we fill out slightly different forms instead. They were a different color and asked for a little more information but were otherwise the same. This wasn鈥檛 a huge deal, but it was a bit of a pain to fill out essentially the same forms twice. We are always a little nervous when we enter a foreign country and don鈥檛 speak the language, but they basically just herd the people from the plane in the right direction and everyone just does the same thing. You do have to purchase an entry card ($10 US a person) which you will have to show again when you leave the country or else you鈥檒l have to buy another one. They stapled ours to our passports, so we didn鈥檛 have any worries about losing them. We have passports, so I don鈥檛 know if traveling w/o one would be more difficult. Also, as you enter the airport (you walk from the tarmac), they will stop you for a picture with a local girl (sort of like they do on cruises). You do not pay anything. When you leave, they will have your picture posted on a board (listed by airline) and you can choose to purchase if you want. I didn鈥檛 notice the price because we didn鈥檛 want ours. After you get your luggage and go through a final check (they spot-checked different people鈥檚 luggage), you will be faced with a sea of porters. Be careful what tags you have on your luggage 鈥?we had luggage tags given to us on a previous vacation through a different tour company, so their representatives were hounding us to get on their shuttles. Unless you have a lot of luggage to handle or just like to tip, you do not need a porter. Once you get through the crowd, you will see several little kiosks or stands with the different tour companies prominently listed. So we just rolled our suitcases up to our tour provider (VIP Tours), and they checked their list and told us to follow a certain porter with our luggage to the bus. Our transfers and tips were included in our package, but we did tip the porter and the bus driver.The bus ride to our resort was about 30 minutes long, as we stopped at two resorts before ours. If you have never traveled much, you may be in for a shock. It can be quite scary, as they go very fast and pass in situations that will turn your hair white! You will also see that the local area is quite poor, so you may want to remember to tip well and to bring little gifts for your maids and local schools. We are not huge tippers (especially when it is considered to be 鈥渋ncluded鈥?in your price), but we did tip our maid as well as discreetly giving some $ to a couple of the waiters who made a special effort to get to know us and provided excellent service. We brought lots of school supplies 鈥?see Debbie鈥檚 Dominican travel board for information on similar donations.Resort OverviewThis resort is simply stunning. The pictures do not do it justice. It is beautifully designed and landscaped. It has a very lush, tropical feel to it, and the grounds were very well-kept and maintained. All week long, we constantly saw them painting, cleaning, and keeping the plants looking gorgeous. It looks especially magical at night, as the pools, ponds, fountains, palm trees, and brick walkways are lit up. It is a very large resort, so if you have mobility problems this may not be the place for you. Otherwise, I cannot imagine anyone finding fault with the resort itself.A word of caution 鈥?most of the resort has tile, which gets wet often from rains/swimmers/etc. It is VERY slippery when wet, so make sure you have good traction. They do provide large umbrellas in your room, so that may give you an indication of how often it may rain.Check-inThere was a bit of a line, but we arrived on a Sat. and expected as much. A waitress brought us cold drinks while we waited. It is an open-air (not air-conditioned) lobby, but it has very high ceilings and good air flow, so we were plenty comfortable as we waited. Their check-in process leaves much to be desired. The front clerks do not speak all that much English (which is not their fault 鈥?it鈥檚 their country we鈥檙e visiting), and if you ask anything that isn鈥檛 a 鈥渟tandard鈥?inquiry, they have to get the manager. The manager seemed to speak perfect English UNTIL there was a problem. Then it appeared that he pretended to not understand English. This was not the best way to handle issues, as we saw several guests get quite upset. We found that a smile, a 鈥減or favor,鈥?and a 鈥済racias鈥?went a lot further than getting irate. We had emailed the resort before we arrived in order to ask for a building close to the beach. However, when they assigned our room, we were in building 10, which is about as far from the beach as you can get (it is close to the restaurants, lobby, and pools). I politely said we had requested close to the beach and asked if we could be moved (pointing to buildings on the resort map). They promptly moved us to building 25 which was much closer to the beach.The room key is not a 鈥渃ard key鈥?but is an actual key on a chain with a card listing your room number. We immediately took the card off for security reasons.Also, we asked for a safe 鈥?you sign an agreement to pay $15 US per week, and they give you the actual safe lock and key. Well worth it, IMHO.In your welcome packet, they give you info on the spa as well as the hours and locations of the restaurants and bars. You also do have to get a bracelet and wear it all week. You may notice others have different color bracelets if they upgraded to the Royal Club, etc. We didn鈥檛 see any value in upgrading and were not sorry that we didn鈥檛. While the Royal Club has its own small pool, restaurant, and private beach area (with more comfortable loungers, which would have been nice), we don鈥檛 feel that we were treated as second class or anything. Most people DID NOT upgrade.We checked in at 4 p.m., so we could not make dinner reservations at the a la carte restaurants 鈥?you have to do that before 4. We did that the next day 鈥?they let you make 3 at once. After we ate at one, we went back the next day and made another one. There doesn鈥檛 seem to be a limit to how many times you can eat at them like at some all-inclusives. The Oriental restaurant was booked for the next 6 days, so we didn鈥檛 get to try it. We looked into it (neat atmosphere), and it is MUCH MUCH smaller than the other a la cartes 鈥?so if you want to try it, then be sure to reserve it ASAP. I think that children are not allowed in the Oriental.We were barely in our room before they brought our bags up, so that was nice. We had packed swimsuits and sunscreen in our carry-on that we had kept with us just in case, though.RoomWe were in building 25, which is almost directly behind the Beach Club restaurant. It is next to the kids鈥?play area (swings, tables, etc.), which we worried about (we didn鈥檛 want to be surrounded by kids since we were traveling w/o ours). We only saw kids there once, so it wasn鈥檛 an issue. There is also a pool right outside this building that has a small shallow section roped off for kids. We never saw any kids in it at all. We were traveling during school time, so perhaps it would be different over holiday periods.We were in room 25-315, so we were on the third floor. There is no elevator if that is an issue for you. The common areas/stairs are not air conditioned, but they have a nice, open and airy feel. We liked not being on the ground floor and enjoyed our balcony with two chairs and a table. First-floor rooms that face walkways do not have much privacy on their patios or if their curtains are open. We could barely see the ocean if we strained ourselves, but we weren鈥檛 spending much time in the room so we didn鈥檛 care too much. The room was spacious, with tile floors and vaulted wood-beam ceilings (I don鈥檛 think the lower floors had this). Ceiling fan, television (with remote), and mini-fridge (stocked daily with Pepsi, bottled water, beer, and 7-Up for free) all worked great. They also had three bottles of liquor there (I think one was vodka, and I鈥檓 not sure what the other two were). I think there was a coffee maker with supplies as well.As others have mentioned, you have to keep a card in the slot by the door to keep the air/lights running. We just took the card that was on the chain with our room key and left it there.There was a fruit plate (bananas, grapes, apples, etc.) waiting for us, which was nice. I assume this is included as well because we weren鈥檛 charged extra for eating it.We had requested a king bed but got two doubles pushed together. We are fairly small people, so it wasn鈥檛 a problem for us. We tended to use one bed during the day for rests/naps (when we might be sandy from the beach) and then the other one was clean and fresh for us to sleep on at night. The beds were not hard at all and were quite comfortable. There were also two big, cushioned wicker chairs and a coffee table. There were two end tables and a long dresser with plenty of drawer space.Our room was stocked with two hand towels and two bath towels. No washcloth (which I had read on here and brought my own just in case) or bath mat. The hair dryer was small and worked fine. We had read that there may be problems with non-polarized outlet, but all of our plugs worked fine. There is a dispenser in the shower/bath with shower gel and shampoo. Our water pressure was always great and we had plenty of hot water 鈥?but we talked to other guests in different buildings who had constant problems. There is a sign on the bathroom mirror reminding you not to drink the water. We also used bottled water to brush our teeth 鈥?it took a little getting used to, but we thought it was worth the extra precaution. They also provide a shower cap, a sewing kit, and some cotton rounds. There were also four glasses in our room.We did see a few tiny little bugs in the bathroom, but we expect that in tropical beach places. We didn鈥檛 have any mustiness or odor or mold/mildew problems.The lighting, as in most hotels, wasn鈥檛 the greatest 鈥?but opening the curtains would help. They have the room-darkening, heavy curtains if you like to sleep in. There was an alarm clock. The closet was big with wooden hangers and a light. The safe was pretty big, too, although I don鈥檛 think you could fit a laptop into it.Each day, we left our maid $1 US and assorted gifts (small lotions, bath gels, etc.) that we had read were usually appreciated. BRING LOTS OF $1 BILLS BECAUSE IT IS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO GET THEM FROM THE FRONT DESK OR HOTEL CASHIER. THE BEST PLACE FOR US WAS USUALLY THE SMALL CASINO, BUT THEY DIDN鈥橳 SEEM THRILLED TO JUST MAKE CHANGE FOR US SINCE WE WEREN鈥橳 EVEN PLAYING. We had read that they don鈥檛 like US change, and it must be true because we had left some pocket change with our $1 tip and she didn鈥檛 take it. We just put our tip/gifts by the card with the maid鈥檚 name so she knew they were for her. After the first day of tipping, we got a bath mat and flowers. We got flowers for the rest of the week. The next day, we got bathrobes and slippers. We eventually also got a washcloth. She also bought extra beach towels so we didn鈥檛 have to stand in line to exchange ours. I didn鈥檛 request any of these things, and I don鈥檛 know if getting them was a result of our tips/gifts. But these people work so hard and long, we wanted to leave tips/gifts regardless.The only problem we had with our room was that the sliding glass door didn鈥檛 lock on one side (there are actually two, so it鈥檚 a nice big window area). Since we were on the third floor, we just wedged the coffee table behind the door and didn鈥檛 worry about it.ClienteleThis resort draws people from many different countries, and we really enjoyed interacting with the different nationalities. At any given meal, you would be surrounded by people speaking German, French, and Spanish. There were quite a few Canadians there as well. There are lots of Americans, too. It was a nice assortment, but if you freak out in places that aren鈥檛 truly 鈥淎mericanized,鈥?then this isn鈥檛 the place for you. For us, that is part of the fun of traveling to different countries 鈥?otherwise, we鈥檇 just stay home. That being said, you do need to remember that different cultures are just that, different. They have different ideas about standing in line, personal space, bargaining, and attire. Behavior we may consider rude in America may be par for the course in other parts of the world. So don鈥檛 assume that people are being rude. Remember, it鈥檚 vacation 鈥?just relax! If someone jumps ahead of you in line, there will still be plenty of food/drink when they are gone. And be sure to talk to the workers 鈥?most are very friendly. The language barrier can sometimes be difficult, but it is still nice to make an effort.Because there are so many Europeans, there are lots of topless women and girls, and they are not just found discreetly lying on the beach loungers. They are around and in the pools, walking up and down the beach, and swimming in the ocean. If this is a problem for you (or your kids if you bring them), then do not come here. It is very prevalent, so it is not realistic to think you can just avoid it. Similarly, there are lots of Speedos on men. We also saw quite a few thongs on men and women. Nobody seemed to have any problem with it, and there wasn鈥檛 any gawking or anything. But I do realize that some Americans may be shocked or uncomfortable, so I thought I鈥檇 mention this so they can be prepared or else choose to avoid coming here if it is a problem for them. Also, you may want to be careful when you take pictures on the beach because you never know what might pop up in your background!A side note 鈥?there weren鈥檛 many kids at the resort while we were there, and those that were there were well-behaved. This is the first time as a couple that we didn鈥檛 stay at an adults-only place, and we were concerned that we鈥檇 be surrounded by screaming kids and crying babies.BeachWOW! This is probably one of the prettiest beaches I鈥檝e ever seen. It is a very wide beach with palm trees everywhere. It really feels like a tropical paradise. The sand is white, soft, and never hot. The ocean is a pretty blue turquoise. We didn鈥檛 see a single shell, which meant for nice barefoot strolls. There was some seaweed, but it is not that 鈥渟limy鈥?kind. There really wasn鈥檛 much at all. What got washed up on shore was quickly raked away. There was always a breeze 鈥?sometimes a quite strong one, which made it a little difficult to read or carry on a quiet conversation. This meant that we never got hot, even when the sun was out strong. But don鈥檛 forget to replenish your sunscreen even though you don鈥檛 feel like you may be burning.Yes, there are signs posted that say no reserving of chairs 鈥?but everyone ignores them. We were on the beach by 8 or 8:30 every day and always managed to find a palapa if we searched 鈥?but that is about the latest, because there weren鈥檛 many left by then. Some people must put their towels out at night or get up at the crack of dawn and go back to bed. The beach at 8:30 wouldn鈥檛 have very many people on it, but there sure would be a ton of towels reserving spots. The trick is to go PAST the Royal Club area (to the left of it if you are facing the ocean). Most people stay to the right of it, close to the pool exchange area and the Beach Club. That area gets busy early and gets extremely crowded as the day goes on. But to the left (again, facing the ocean), the beach was further from the bathrooms and the Beach Club, but you also had a lot more room. There were always loungers available, and it didn鈥檛 have that crowded feel. Also, there is a small hut with water, Pepsi machines, and pina colada machines. Even if you didn鈥檛 get a palapa, the palm tree area of the beach was fairly shady. I am extremely fair-skinned and thought I would need to be under a palapa most of the time, but I rarely was. (I did use SPF 45.) The palapas are nice to have, however, to get out of the quick rainstorms that come out of nowhere. The beginning of our week, it was quite overcast/cloudy for much of the time (still plenty warm) and there were several showers that would be very intense but usually short. It was funny to see people who left their loungers 鈥渕arked鈥?with towels all day even though they would only use them for an hour or so finally come back to soaking wet towels. But they are easily enough traded in for clean, dry ones as long as you do it before 4 p.m.There are some vendors who stroll down the beach, but they did not bug you at all. A 鈥済racias, no鈥?was all it took, and they would continue on. (I wish I could say the same for the time-share sharks that hang outside the main buffet restaurant at breakfast time. You basically have to rudely walk away from these people because they will not take no for an answer.)There is a beach volleyball area, a bocce area, and a stage where they do exercise and dance classes.PoolsIn addition to the small pool in front of our room, there is a bigger pool closer to the beach and a HUGE main pool. All the pools are lagoon-like, free-form, which is nice. They all have lots of loungers and palapas. We are beach people and didn鈥檛 spend much time at the pools. We only ever got in the main one, which has pool volleyball, a waterfall, some cool little grassy islands, some whirlpools/jacuzzis (attached, so the water isn鈥檛 any warmer than the pool), and a popular swim-up bar. It has several zero-entry points and is quite shallow (knee or waist deep) through most parts. Part of it is right outside the back of the lobby and it is also overlooked by the snack bar, Home Rum. The lobby bathrooms are nice, plentiful and close, but most people used the fewer and less nice Home Rum bathrooms (it鈥檚 just odd to be in the lobby in a wet swimsuit). The pool water was a little on the cool side, but nothing that you didn鈥檛 quickly get used to.NOTE IF YOU ARE TRAVELING HERE SOON 鈥?a few days into our stay, they drained the pool nearest the beach/Beach Club and started chipping away at it. I don鈥檛 know if they are just resurfacing it or what, but it looks like it will be out of commission for a while. ActivitiesThere is an activities board near the outdoor stage. There are always different sports, games, and activities going on. The Fun Club staff seems to do an enthusiastic job with everything. There is also a show of some sort every night at the outdoor stage (there is plenty of seating, a new bar opens nearby during the evening, and it鈥檚 cool enough at night to be pleasant). Also note that there is a huge bathroom facility just on past the bar area 鈥?it鈥檚 kind of hidden. We didn鈥檛 participate in the activities since we like to just relax on the beach, but it was definitely there if you wanted it 鈥?and it鈥檚 a great way to meet others. We never watched an entire show at night, but others seemed to enjoy them. The workers definitely put forth an effort. After a long day at the beach and a big dinner, we would usually nap during the show time so that we would be refreshed enough to go dancing at Mangu later that night.On Sat. night, they usually have a beach club party which is a lot of fun. You should definitely try it out!On Fri. night, they had many vendors come and set up displays of artwork, carvings, and jewelry. Our friends who had gone into town said the prices were much better in town, which is how it usually works. We didn鈥檛 buy anything, but it was fun to look. I don鈥檛 know if they always do this on Fridays, but it was a nice way to get to shop without having to leave the beach during prime sun hours.ManguThis disco is just outside the hotel entrance (there is a very well-lit walkway, so you feel safe coming back late at night/early in the morning). I am not sure what time it opens, but most people from the hotel don鈥檛 go until the lobby bar closes at 1 a.m. The admission to the disco is free for resort guests but drinks aren鈥檛 included there. We didn鈥檛 drink there, but drinks seemed to cost about $4-5 which didn鈥檛 seem bad to me. We went there once at midnight, and it was dead 鈥?so we left and came back at 1 a.m., and it was hopping. Even during the week it is busy after 1, although it is definitely more crowded on the weekend. The reason it is such a popular disco is because it isn鈥檛 just for the resort guests 鈥?there are more locals here than tourists and people staying at other resorts come here, too. We were there until 3:30 in the morning several times and felt completely safe. Nobody ever bothered us, other than to offer to help us learn how to do their local dances. Everyone was friendly and had a good time. It was extremely smoky.There are two floors 鈥?the top floor is a cool-looking 鈥渢echno鈥?place that seems more 鈥渆lite鈥?(low couches, curtains, and fewer people). The bottom floor is more popular and plays a mix of American pop, salsa, meringue, and bachata music. It is a whole lot of fun. On the weekends, they bring out a steel drum set and 鈥渁dd鈥?to the music. I will warn you single guys that some of the single friends we met complained that it was hard to meet available girls that were not prostitutes. I don鈥檛 know how true or widespread that is, but take it for what it is worth.Also 鈥?we didn鈥檛 learn this until after we had left the resort but apparently you could buy sandwiches at the disco for under $3. This would have been great for the late-night munchies because there really wasn鈥檛 any food at the resort after 10 (although some people said that occasionally the pizza bar would be open until midnight).FoodThis is the area where the hotel is most lacking. It is a real shame, because if they just improved this one thing, their ranking would go up several notches in my book.The main buffet is right off the lobby. Although it is casual, you have to be dressed (shoes/no swimsuits). It is very large. The hostess will offer to seat you, which I鈥檇 advise because then it鈥檚 more likely that the server will know you are there and can help with drinks. They always bring bottled water, and then you can get wine or Pepsi or whatever as well. Otherwise, if you just sit somewhere yourself, you may be on your own for the whole meal. At night, you can eat outside on the patio, which is SO much nicer than inside. It鈥檚 a fairly small patio, but eating out under the stars and by the fountain is a much better experience than eating inside (with the tile floors, bad acoustics, and so many people, it sounds like a loud cafeteria). They didn鈥檛 seem to open the patio at breakfast. Breakfast was the BEST meal at the main buffet. They had several 鈥渉ot鈥?items on the buffet line (sausage, scrambled eggs, pancakes, French toast, etc.) as well as cook-to-order churros and omelets (yummy!). They also had pastries, fresh fruit, cereal, lots of juices, etc. We never had lunch there because we always ate near the beach. At dinner, the main buffet would have a theme (Italian, Oriental, Mexican, American, 鈥済ala鈥?. There would be a hot grill area (but be careful that you get your meat cooked well 鈥?often we saw that they would serve people undercooked food rather than have the line get long), a lunch meat/cheese bar, several hot buffet items, soups, salad bar, dessert bar, and bread bar. None of the food really 鈥渨owed鈥?me, but we always found enough decent food to eat.The Beach Club restaurant has coffee and a small assortment of pastries in the morning. Unlike the main buffet, it is very casual and you can eat in your swimsuit if you want. Most people donned some sort of cover-up, but there were those who ate in their Speedos. This is where we usually ate lunch. It opened at 12:30 for lunch and served for several hours. Since the main buffet didn鈥檛 open until 1, there were always people lined up waiting to eat here at lunch. It can be difficult to get a table. They always had lunch meats/cheese, salad bar, assorted breads, fresh fruit, pizza, and ice cream or sherbet. Then they would have different hot buffet items and usually some kind of carved meat. Again, nothing outstanding but you won鈥檛 go hungry. The staff will bring you bottled water and wine if you want. There is a bar inside the Club if you want a frozen or mixed drink. The bathrooms are behind the bar area, and they basically have full-time attendants who constantly mop up the water/sand.The Home Rum snack bar opens the earliest for lunch, at 11. It usually has grilled burgers, chicken, and fish as well as lunch meats/cheeses. It has popcorn and fries all the time and occasionally nachos and GREAT onion rings. This is very casual, as people just come up from the pool. There is a bar here as well 鈥?say hello to Alfonso and order a 鈥渢iki tiki,鈥?which is a delicious frozen drink with passion fruit. As in most of the other bars, there are pina colada and daiquiri machines 鈥?if you want rum or other liquor added, just ask the bartender. But the kids seemed to really enjoy the machines! It鈥檚 a great place to go in the late afternoon/early evening for a snack to tide you over if you are going to be having a late dinner. I think it closes around 6, so you could actually eat an early dinner here if you wanted.The pizza place upstairs was pretty good. It is brick-oven pizza, and it is better here than the pizza you find at the two buffets. You have to sit down and order from a menu 鈥?they won鈥檛 let you take it to go, which is kind of a bummer. One night, I wanted just a slice of pizza to take down to watch the outdoor show, but they wouldn鈥檛 let me! He apologized but said you had to eat it there. Bizarre. But it was good that you could just walk in 鈥?so if you ate at another restaurant and hated it, you could always fall back on the pizza.There are four ala carte restaurants 鈥?Oriental, Italian, Mexican, and the grill. As I said above, we didn鈥檛 get to try the Oriental. The other restaurants were all better than the main buffet, both in quality of food and in ambiance. It takes much longer to eat here than in buffet, as they have 鈥渟eatings鈥?at certain times 鈥?so 30 people would all come in at once at 6:30, just like on a cruise ship. You order several courses off a limited menu (probably 5-6 entr茅e choices, for example) at the Italian and the Mexican. There was a salad bar at both. They do not rush anything, so expect a leisurely meal. This was fine for us, as we like to enjoy dinner 鈥?but it can be frustrating if you are starving!The Italian was my least favorite. Nothing horrible, just not very flavorful. I had linguine with red sauce (NOT marinara 鈥?when I tried to order marinara, they said it had seafood in it?). My husband got the lasagna, which was okay. The tiramisu there, however, was the best dessert I had all week. The servers also made a display out of people who ordered Samboca (?), which is some sort of drink they light on fire.The Mexican restaurant was better, and we ended up eating there twice. They bring out nachos with various dips before you even order your appetizer. We ordered the fajitas, on recommendation of several reviewers, but for some reason they brought out our entrees instead. We went back the second time and made sure we got the fajitas, and they truly were the best thing on the menu. If we ever went back, we鈥檇 both order the fajitas and skip the entr茅e. The fajitas were very filling. (For the entrees, I had a chicken with mole sauce and rice. It was fairly bland but okay. My husband had the steak, which turned out to be steak, gravy, and mashed potatoes! Not very Mexican at all, but it was okay as well.) After dinner, the waiter asked if I wanted some coffee or tequila boom boom. I made the mistake of asking what the latter was. You鈥檒l have to find out for yourself . . . .The grill restaurant is supposed to be like a Brazilian meat restaurant. You don鈥檛 order here 鈥?they just start bringing you food. The appetizer tray with bread, chips, and various dips was tasty. Then they would bring these huge skewers of meat and push some onto your plate. The presentation wasn鈥檛 very appealing to me. They also brought some rice and some sort of fried potatoes. We had several 鈥渃ourses鈥?of meat, so this restaurant is very filling (unless you鈥檙e a vegetarian!). They started with some kind of sausage (not great), and then they brought out several types of beef (not the greatest cuts of meat but OK), some chicken with lime (good flavor), and some lamb (didn鈥檛 try 鈥?was full by then). You would have a few minutes to eat each meat before the next one was served. One of the main complaints we had was the lack of late-night food. Once the buffets closed, you were pretty much out of luck. The pizza place upstairs stayed open late, but you can only eat so much pizza. We got so hungry late at night that we ate some of the fruit from the bar display in the lobby 鈥?and we weren鈥檛 the only ones!Check-outOur flight was at 3:20, and we were told to be in the lobby at 12:40. We had some beach time and then got cleaned up, finished packing, and called for a bellboy. We ended up calling 3 times but nobody ever came. So we just wheeled our luggage up front ourselves and put it in the storage room until it was time to leave. We wanted to leave plenty of time to check out (given how long check in took), but we really didn鈥檛 have any problem. Make sure you turn in your towels and your pink towel slip to the towel hut 鈥?they will give you a green copy that you have to turn in to the front desk when you check out. You also pay for the safe at this time if you got one. We didn鈥檛 have any other charges, as we made all phone calls from the lobby out of fear of exorbitant connection charges. (Apparently, it would have cost the same from our room, but who knew?) We went to the snack bar (the only thing open for lunch at that time) and grabbed our last meal before catching the shuttle back to the airport.PhonesThis was a source of great consternation for us. We wanted to call home every day or so to check on our kids. We went to the lobby because at other hotels we have been stuck with huge connection fees from our room鈥檚 telephone. We purchased a local Verizon long-distance calling card from the gift shop to the right of the entrance to the hotel. They have several phones on the wall in the lobby that these cards work on, BUT ONLY AFTER YOU PAY THE FRONT DESK $2 US AND THEY 鈥淯NLOCK鈥?THE PHONE WITH SOME CODE. The frustrating thing was that you would wait in line to pay, and they would NEVER EVER have one-dollar bills to give you change (even though we personally had been paying $2 for each phone call we made). I don鈥檛 know where that money went, but the phone wouldn鈥檛 work until you paid it and had them release it for long distance. So then we鈥檇 go to the cashier to get change 鈥?but no, why would we think the cashier would have change??? We usually ended up getting change from the casino. Then BACK in line at the front desk. It was a real hassle. If we had known we would need $2 for each phone call, we would have brought more singles 鈥?but we had basically just brought enough singles for tips. Some friends of ours called from their room and said each time they were charged a $2 connection fee 鈥?but it just got added onto their bill at the end, so they didn鈥檛 have to keep coming up with singles. Unfortunately, we didn鈥檛 find this out until our last day. Live and learn.Travel homeThis was relatively stress-free except for one event. As we were waiting to check in at the Delta counter, they had several tables set up where security officials were hand-checking your baggage. Some did it very thoroughly, taking out dirty clothes and generally making a mess of things. One guy鈥檚 suitcase wouldn鈥檛 zip back up afterwards, and he had to pay $8 to get it wrapped in cellophane. When it was our turn, we put our suitcases up on the table. The security officer kept whispering 鈥?5 amigo, and I won鈥檛 check your bags.鈥?We were scared witless because he would NOT let it go. We were practically begging him to check our bags and tried to act like we didn鈥檛 understand what he was saying. I didn鈥檛 want to pay $5 just to get him to leave us alone and then get thrown into some jail to rot for bribery! He finally just waved us on w/o checking our bags, but we were scared he was suddenly going to come after us or accuse us of something b/c we wouldn鈥檛 pay him! Plus, we thought 鈥?gee, we didn鈥檛 have anything to hide, but somebody who did COULD have gotten some prohibited items on the plane. It didn鈥檛 make for a very secure feeling. Note 鈥?there were some snack bars (at least one pizza place) and a playground after you got through security if you end up waiting long for your flight. Overall, we had a fantastic time and would go back again in a heartbeat. We felt, even though the food was somewhat disappointing, that we definitely got our money鈥檚 worth. The beach alone made the trip for us. I apologize for the length of this review, but these were the kinds of things I wanted to know about before we left.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice beach and weather BUT..... the grandflamenco is very pretty. the service is so laid back and it took forever to get drinks in their restaurants. we were royal club guests. if you are make sure you dont register at the hotel checkin. ask for royal club guest checkin. not as nice a resort as riveria maya. bring your own chips etc.... very expensive and not all available in punta cana. people are not very friendly.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Service ruined it though Stayed at the Flamenco from 1st December 05 until 14th. Although we had a good holiday would not return to this hotel but only because the service was absolutely awful, below are my comments on the aspects of the hotel with the rating I would give out of 5 RoomsThe rooms are very large with plenty of space to move around, Beds were comfortable and bathroom was spacious. The shower had good water pressure. Mark out of (Rating 4) Buffet RestaurantIf you like fish then you will love this resort otherwise be prepared to live on chicken and rise for lunch and dinner for 2 weeks. Breakfast was great though (Rating 2)A La Carte RestaurantsSteak house, great food although there is no menu it鈥檚 like a tapas they bring round different meats with rice and potatoes (Rating 4)Mexican, Dont go here (Rating 0)Italian, wouldn鈥檛 say any of the food was Italian but ok (Rating 3)Oriental, this was the best Chinese I have ever eaten would definitely recommend this if you like Chinese (Rating 5)Home Run RestaurantThis is another buffet above the main swimming pool which is open from 11 until 6, it has burger, sausages, onion rings, chips and salad was ok in here if you needed to escape the buffet for lunch (Rating 3.5)Pizza RestaurantGreat, lovely pizzas would recommend (Rating 4)BarsOk found the lobby bar the best as they understand the meaning of just a little alcohol (The single measure in the Dominican is the equivalent of a triple if not more over here. (3.5)Nightclub, this is a great place to go if you want to party. Downstairs plays mostly Latin music but upstairs plays a mixture of Garage, R  B and pop (Rating 5)EntertainmentThese guys work very hard all day, you see them on the beach during the day and then on the stage at night, they do a very good job even if a bit repetitive and Latin (Rating 4)BeachDefinitely the hotels best feature, absolutely gorgeous, white soft sand and clear blue water. Plenty of sun beds (Rating 5)Swimming poolsAgain perfect the only thing I would fault is that they are quite shallow (Rating 4.5)Trips, we did the following tripsSnorkeling (with the hotel), great experience, you see loads of fish would definitely recommend but make sure you take an underwater camera. (Rating 5)Horse riding (with the hotel), this was also a great experience. Don鈥檛 worry if you have never ridden because I hadn鈥檛 but they show you what to do and within half an hour you will feel like you have been riding for years (Rating 5)Caribbean festival, this is definitely just a glorified booze cruise, and I would not recommend it, they say they are taking you snorkeling to see fish but there were none. If you want to see fish do the snorkeling with the hotel. Rating 2)Fishing, this was the worst experience of my life. You go out on a massive charter boat and at first you think in is going to be great as there is so much fishing gear on the boat, but once you get out at sea the water become so choppy that at one point we were just in the middle of massive wave swells. I don鈥檛 suffer from see sickness but I did really badly on that trip. Out of the ten of us on the boat 8 of us had sea sickness; the two that didn鈥檛 were the crew. No one done any fishing we were all just sitting in the back of the cabin ILL, PLEASE DO NOT DO THIS TRIP)(Rating 0)Souna Island, I have saved the best to last. What an absolutely magical day, you travel by coach to the port where you board a Catamaran which takes you to the island in 1 and half hours, you get nibbles and drink on board. Once you arrive at the island you really do experience what a Caribbean beach is all about, pure white sand and Crystal clear water. You have 3 hours on the beach to relax or dance to the music, food and drink is also provided. You then board a speedboat to take you back to the port but on the way you stop at a natural pool in the middle of the ocean where there are hundreds of starfish beneath you. Loved this trip so much that we did it twice (Rating 5)SERVICENow for the worst bit. The SERVICE if you can call it that at this hotel is the worst I have ever experienced, check in was awful as they hardly speak any English and asking for a sea view room took half an hour to understand. The buffet was ok but sometimes we would wait half an hour for a drink so we ended up just going to a bar beforehand getting a drink and taking it in with us, Bars were bad could take ages to get a drink and when you did was undrinkable because of the amount of alcohol that was out in them, Reception was definitely the worse though, while we were there we lost our room key with our safe key on to, we told reception who said they would send someone to fix it, 24 hours later after a number off reminder calls to reception someone showed up (we had to stay in our room for 24 hours as I didn鈥檛 want to leave the safe which contains all out money and passport) they broke into the safe and gave us a new one, but did not change the lock on the door, we were aware of this so made sure we out everything in our safe. But whoever stayed in that room after us would never have known and anyone could have come into there room at any time. They are just useless speak absolutely no English and are just [--] right rude (Rating 0)If you speak Spanish you will be fine at this hotel if not don鈥檛 go.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cortlandkt
<Content>Very nice resort After reading many reviews about Occidental Grand, I was worried. I must say, the resort is HUGE, beautiful and clean. The rooms weren't the best, but it didn't really matter, it's just a place to sleep.  The food was outstanding! The buffets were better than the specialty restaurants. The drinks were a little different. Their orange juice and pinapple juice is different. The worst part of our trip was the language barrier. People working could not understand english at all. Also, DO NOT book a tour through Allegro. They (Allegro) even had people selling things in the lobby like timeshare, ignore it! Otherwise, it was wonderful!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KristyMac25
<Content>Grand Flamenco not Grand at all!!!       What is THIS on the mirror?  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Grand Flamenco!       Main pool from top of stairs  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>EverySecondCounts
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Horrible Servic       Pool area  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No night life at all Likes The employess of the hotel are so nice .The beach and property is beautiful.We went from December 25-Jan 1 .It was 85 everyday .Lots to do on the beach .Went parasailing (not worth the 85.oo usd ) for 2 people.If you are coming here for a relaxing time , you have got it .After 9pm there is nothing to do .We went outside the resort just to get some bottled beer .Some good beer anyway . Dislikes ........The food .The best place to eat for lunch is the bar above the main swimming pool . The best place to eat at night is upstairs there is a place that makes Im not sure what they are called but its next to the mexican place , It took me 3 days to find it . The grill or steak house is the worst to eat .the mexcian is the best if you get the fajitis  Bring a snorkle and googles you can see lots of cool fish at the beach . the outback safari trip is all day and not worth the money .the snorkling trip is all days but worth it .We had the best maid(maria) , we brought her some coloring books and crayons for her kids and some perfum for herself .the country is so poor and its really sad what they people make so we tipped everywhere we went .After all even though its a buffett and its all included they still have to clear the tables.We stayed in building number 22.there is a fish pond right there were we fed the fish everyday .  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ed_Viza
<Content>Won't stay here again Stayed Dec 31st to Jan 7thBeach: Wonderful beach, sand is kept very clean, ocean can be moderately rough though for some folks. Food: Disappointed with buffet, food was almost always overcooked and oily. Reminded me of bad school canteen food although desserts were generally good. The a la carte restaurants were good though, I'd recommend all of them but especially the Grill. In all the restaurants I found the service to be quite good particularly the table staff. Bars: Service was prompt and friendly but beware they do make strong drinks also all the bars had the same decor, atmosphere some variety would be welcome. Rooms: Ok this is where the problems started, the accomodation was clean but in dire need of repair both minor and major. We ended up having to change rooms because of a torrential flood from the shower in the room above but even before that the door wouldn't close properly something we only noticed after coming back to an open room a couple of times. The washroom fittings kept coming off, draws wouldn't open etc. We also killed a couple of cockroaches in our room. In the second room we moved to the satellite TV didn't work and the bath tub wouldn't drain and we had an infestation of tiny ants in the washroom, oh and another leak from the air conditioning. Our rooms were in Buildings 18 and 16. Hotel Receptions: The room problems we had wouldn't have bothered us anywhere as much if it wasn't for the attitude of the Front Desk. With water flooding through the ceiling I called three times and was told that someone would be coming to fix it and clean up... no one showed. It was only after going in person to the Front Desk that the staff bothered to log our problem and only after another visit in person that they moved us to another room. The worst part was that all through this episode not once did the Front Desk apologize for the problem. Even before the flood, we'd noticed that reception often hung up on you, or told you whatever you wanted to hear just to get rid of you. Entertainment: The Fun Club dance troupe/entertainers tried their best but the evening shows were all a much of a muchness. If you don't like latin music then do not go to this resort! even if you do I guarantee you'll be sick of it by the end of the trip.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just as good second stay at Grand Flamenco We returned to the Grand Flamenco after staying here once before. Both stays were wonderful. Highlights were great beach and facilities. No significant deficiency, but food could improve. We have two boys aged 8 and 12, and both of us speak non-fluent Spanish. I think that our Spanish speaking abilities definitely helped to make our stay a good one. Hotel was at full occupancy during our stay.****The room**** We stayed in a first-floor ocean-view room in building 13. Upon check-in, one of the keys was attached to a card that was to be inserted in a slot to provide power to the room. Any other card inserted into the slot would also turn on the power. Alarm clock returned to blinking 12:00 every time we pulled the card (solution: unplug alarm clock). TV, hair dryer, refrigerator, air conditioning, and lights worked fine. Housekeeping provided beer, water and softdrinks.   There were no roof-leaks or bad smells. We had two full-sized beds which were a little small for four. When we arrived there were only two pillows; we received two more the next day after asking. Sheets were clean. In-room safe was available by requesting lock/key at front desk for $18/wk. We had no theft problems during our stay with cameras and game boys left out in room and cash/passports in the safe. Bathroom was fine. Bathtub was not rusty, but some of its finish was peeling off. Hot water and water pressure were generally good, but both pressure and heat went down about 6 pm (presumably when guests were cleaning up for dinner). We always had enough towels. Face cloths are essentially non-existent. Recommend bringing loofah or washcloth for cleaning sand off body. We tipped our maids about $3 per day and left a note in Spanish if we needed something.****The grounds**** The grounds were beautiful and carefully manicured. Pools were clean and in good condition. Beach was kept clean. Buildings were clean, spacious and elegant. We always found a beach umbrella. (We got to the beach between 8 and 9 AM). Also, there were always shady places under the trees and sunny places closer to the water. There were no beach chairs, only loungers. This appeared to be the case at every other hotel as well. No beach-side or pool-side drink service, but bars were close by and there was a free-standing non-alcoholic soft drink and pina colada station on the beach. About 5%-10% of women at the beach and pools were topless. This might be an issue for some families. ****The bars**** Service was good although patrons were not always served in order. The bar has a published mixed-drink list. Sometimes the bartenders will make something not on the list (Americano) and sometimes not (Mojito). The drinks were good, but some drinks were often mixed with no regard to the correct recipe (Sidecar). Beer and pina coladas were always good.  Beer did not seem watered down. Other alcohol did not seem to be, although I wonder since I did not see many drunks.****The food**** Variety was usually good. Numerous varieties of meat, fruit, salads, cheese, desserts and vegetables at every meal. There were always safe standbys: pizza, pork chops, steak, plain fish, chicken, sauteed potatos, rice, green beans, brussells sprouts. There was always some mediterranean or caribean offering such as paella, pasta, seafood or local exotic fruits and vegetables. One night there was asian food.  On the down side, there was a sameness to the meals. Now and then a different dessert or fruit would appear, but not frequently enough. Of numerous entree choices, only one or two would seem to differ from those offered previously.  Quality was fair. Food was sometimes over- or under-cooked, especially fish. I thought bread, cold meats, cheese were recycled from meal to meal, but this isn't necessarily unexpected. Mussels and octopus appeared suspiciously frequently. I love both and they always tasted ok, so I didn't think they had been re-heated. Wine served with meals was of decent quality. Unfortunately, it seemed to have been chosen without regard to the food being served. One night we had an earthier red wine from la Mancha served with a generally Italian-themed dinner, while the next night a lighter Italian wine was served with Spanish dishes such as paella and pisto manchego. The pairings were not atrocious, just not very thoughtful. One food problem had nothing to do with food, but with children playing with food on the buffet line. Yuck. Long pants for men at evening meal was not enforced; however, I suspect that wearing a bathing suit, no shirt, or no shoes would be a problem. Lunch at the dining room on the beach was as good as that in the main restaurant and very convenient. After reading the reviews, the only a la carte restaurant we were interested in was the oriental. Unfortunately, they would not serve children. ****The entertainment**** The night shows lasted about an hour and were fun. They were professional but not Las Vegas. I would have enjoyed hearing more of the band. My kids were too young and I was too old and out of shape to participate in the organized beach activities, but they appeared to be well done.****People**** Staff were all friendly. Front desk service was slow for non-routine matters. My younger son lost (picked at until it fell apart) his resort bracelet. It took over a day for the front desk to find another. He had no problems obtaining resort services without the bracelet. Housekeeping staff was wonderful. About half the time, restaurant wait-staff was slow getting flatwear and drinks to the table after we sat down. If you plan to tip, tip at the beginning of service and it goes more smoothly. I did not want to purchase any sort of time-share or additional vacation package, so did not want my time wasted with any Allegro resort sales pitch. Allegro resort hustlers were annoying but did let up if I said No about 15 times and did not stop walking. They usually won't follow for more than about 10 meters if you don't respond to them. They also go after couples, so splitting from your spouse when you see them can be prophylactic.  There were a few problems with obnoxious fellow tourists: yelling at resort staff, cutting in food lines, children playing with food on buffet lines, etc, but overall not too many problems.****Conclusion**** We love the Dominican Republic and will probably return to the Grand Flamenco for our next visit.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PCPal
<Content>Great Beach - Mediocre Resort - Food and Drink, Not Good Just back from a two-week stay over Christmas and New Years. I went with diminished expectations and a pretty laid-back attitude. The beach was great and the weather almost perfect. That said, I certainly could have chosen a better hotel. Maybe next time I should read the reviews before booking. Did not get a good deal on the room rates, so this may have made me a little crankier....Food - Somewhere between fair and appalling. Pineapples, papayas and ice-cream were all terrific. Otherwise, just an endless series of meat and vegetable items served under greasy (but tasteless) sauces. The occasional pork roast, ham, or turkey was pretty good - but in short suply and served up by surly carvers who resentfully offered tiny morsels and glared at any requests for more. The buffet dining room seemed to be swarming with staff, but I wasn't too sure what they did. Frequently observed left-overs (vegetables turned to slime) being put out the following day or two. Salad bar was skimpy.Rooms - They have been described as being 'dated'. These rooms were dated the day they were first decorated. Mine (ground floor, in Building 26 closest to the beach) was dark, gloomy and dispiriting. That said, a bathroom ceiling leak was fixed within two days, and the maid service was cheerful and efficient. Maybe this was encouraged by a small daily tip.Drinks - all I ever wanted was the odd glass of beer, and this necessitated very long waits, so I generally gave up and bought some in the gift shop.Security - This was my fourth visit to a Punta Cana all-inclusive, and this time the economic health of the region seemed even more desperate. The hustling, begging, aggressive sales pitches can be shrugged off, but it becomes oppressive and unsetlling. On the southern end of the beach, at the Barcelo complex site, hurricane damage was still in evidence, with some resorts closed or under repairs. This meant an absence of beach security patrols, or sanitation.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JustUsToronto
<Content>Pretty Good, although some things could have been better! Well what can I say... here is my review of the Grand Flamenco: We stayed there from December 17th - 24th.Arrival: Reception was really fast paced because we had a huge full bus arrive at once.. we were eager to learn that our room was ready upon arrival even though check in was not until 3pm (we got there at 1pm). So We found our room with no problems.. it was not a far walk (block 22) but no one offered to help us with our luggage. Once we entered the room.. all the power was off and the worst was that even though the room was ready, it still was not cleaned from the last occupants... it was disgusting. Sand, garbage.. other peoples dirty sheets.. I was not impressed. I called reception and they said they would have the maid there right away.. the power situation.. you have to stick a card in the slot beside the door to get power. Our Air conditioner worked our toilet worked.. .the bathtub leaked a little and was a little old and grungy but who spends all their time in the room. Many people seem to complain about the musty smell... I like it.. it brings the whole not in canada feeling to life. Since everything was dirty.. we just changed and went to lunch.. once coming back the room was clean.. we had pop and water stocked in the fridge.. there was an extra pillow and blanket in the closet.. we had fresh towels everyday, clean bathroom, and room... Our maid was great.. we tipped everyday a dollar or two.. plus I brought lots of little things like toothpaste and creams and soaps and jewellery. They appreciate that more than money. But we did both. Other than the first problem upon arrival in the room we didnt have any others. We had hot water, good water pressure, blow dryer worked well, the lights worked... the alarm clock worked... although we had our own. Most people didnt spend their time by the pool. There is no entertainment or music by the pool except for on saturdays. We spent all of our time by the beach.. its gorgeous. I woke up everyday at 7:30 to get an umbrella on the beach and then go to breakfast.. because by the time we came back from eating.. everything was already taken... we learned that the hard way... but waking up for me at 7:30 was not a problem... and yes I went out at night and came back at 4:00 am. The beach bar is great for lunch.. they have a buffet style... the food is not the greatest.. some days were better than others. They do have a soft serve ice cream machine.. mmmmm.. so good.... couldnt get enough of it. I do have to say.. this was the first vacation where I didnt get sick from the food.. dont drink the tap water and you should be fine. The pools are clean.. the hotel is clean... they clean the place all day long. The main buffet food was not good.. it was ok, edible.. I always found something but by the end of the week it got too repetative. The a la carte restaurants: make reservations as soon as you can. We did the italian.. very good.. I recommend it.. The mexican - awful.. service took FOREVER. We were there for literally 2 hrs and the food was awful... The pizza place upstairs was great.. we did that 2 times (you dont need reservations).. you eat outside and its oven baked... so yummy.The beach... I had a massage done, and my hair braided... the massage was great (30 minutes for 30 dollars).. worth it.. the braids were fun too.. you are on vacation.. try it... they have games and activities all day long on the beach.. PARTICIPATE. Over all.. the beach is all I cant stop talking about. We wanted to do parasailing but it costs $75 for 12 minutes... too expensive for me.. maybe next time. The shows at night.. they are great.. I dont know how these people have all this energy to work all day and then perform all night. They have ice breakers (audience participation) before every show.. funny stuff... You can win lots of goodies.Disco: Mangu - its on the resort property, but they allow locals in there and you can say that people do get down and dirty in this place. Although its easy to meet people from different resorts here. It only really starts up at aboout 12:30 at night (we hung out in the lobby until that time, they have games and music and dancing in the lobby after the main show) and the disco is open until 6am. I never stayed that long but I am sure some people did. They play all kinds of music, so everyone should have a good time. Girls... be careful the local guys can get pushy. I felt very safe on the hotel property though.. even sometimes walking back to the room alone at 3:30 in the morning. The only thing I didnt like about the disco is that they allow smoking and most people do so it gets very smokey in there.. I am not used to that as they have banned it in canada and I am not a smoker so it was kind of a downer but still.. you have to just remember you are on vacation and cant waste any of it. The weather was perfect all week.. just remember to wear sunscreen.. tropical sun is not a game.. Watch out for all the topless women, the speedos, some illegal bathing suits and guys in thongs.. yes thats right, you read correctly. Anyways, would I recommend this hotel.. yes I would if you are not too bothered by little things... would I come back to it.. I dont think so... I would go back to punta cana for sure but not to this resort.. I am sure there is better... If you are coming here, I hope you enjoy it.. overall it was pretty good.. it could have been worse. But we had a really nice time.. relaxing vacation... its what I was going for... Have Fun!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The staff and management make this place a loser Don't stay here. Find another place where you can enjoy this beutiful beach.To start with the positives: great beach, nice swimming pool, food which was above average for an all-inclusive resort.I agree with the last reviewer that the drinks were terrible. I just drank rum and cokes and gin and tonics, because they cannot be ruined.The main issue here is the indifferent, disrepectful staff. When you check in, it is immediately apparent that the staff have no sense of hospitality and conduct themselves like government clerks. They don't welcome you, smile, or use words like please and thank you. My particular nightmare began when my family was sent to two rooms of which one, upon arrival, turned out to be out of service due to leaks. The maids would not let us in. We called the front desk, and were told to wait for a call back. Two hours later, we were still waiting for someone to move our bags to another building, where they found us rooms. I eventually moved our bags ourselves, and discovered that there was no working A/C in the new building and that we had been sent to a smoking room despite our request for nonsmoking. The front desk did not care, and they were unaware that the building had no A/C. The air conditioning was restored five hours later.The room smelled terrible (we treated it by running the fan continually), and one pillow smelled like vomit. I called hourly for a new pillow, and eventuallly one arrived at midnight, four hours after my request. I asked to speak to the manager four times, and I was told that he was unavailable.The room had a door lock which did not work and was never fixed in a week. However, we were afraid to try another room, not knowing how bad that would be.Virtually every staff member I met was unhelpful, unfriendly, and incompetent. The only friendly ones were the ones who were trying to sell vacation club memberships or parasailing trips. I went on a snorkelling trip in a glass bottom boat. The boat went around 5 miles per hour. There were few fish. They didn't even have any drinking water on the boat. The sailing guys acted like they were doing you a favor to let you take a boat out. The windsufing instruction was nonexistent, and these guys had the nerve to ask me to bring them food from the buffet.With new management, this place could be great. However, in its present state, it is certainly not a five-star property.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just the facts guys!! If you are looking for a problem-free vacation, you may want to look elsewhere. I go on all inclusives for the weather and the beach and Punta Cana is top notch on both these fronts, so the inconveniences didn't bother me but here is a list of them for you in case you are thinking about staying at this hotel (I stayed for 7 days--I'll comment about service and entertainment as well.):-Towels in the room were stained and begged the question...'did they wash these things?'-toilet leaked excessively (they fixed that in 24 hours)-HINT: don't use the blow dryer on the high setting...it will blow a fuse.-fuse blew: power went out leaving us in darkness for 2 hours before we got assistance (assistance came quickly when we alerted the staff that the tv in the room was on fire!...people, I'm not kidding)-ceiling in the bathroom leaked-I took 6 showers on this trip and 4 of them were cold...there was no explanation for the lack of hot water.-The tv was quickly replaced...with a tv that had half a picture. The left half. Remote had dead batteries.-The food was edible.-The food was bland. I don't go on vacation to feast, but some folks do...-The staff was friendly and loved to take their time...everything is slower on vacation, you just have to go along...The great thing is that people trying to sell you stuff are far less pushy than in other countries in the carribean and if you just said 'no gracias' they would leave you alone.-The entertainment was excellent at times and embarrassing at others. if you have impressionable children, watch out because the nightly shows are peppered with moulin rouge style strip teases. Boys, you'll enjoy the exclusive thong-wearing of the show girls. Ladies, watch your boys.-The restaurants have a dress code so please people, don't give them a hard time about this. they are just doing their job.-Overall, I got a great tan and can't say enough about the weather. I guess that's why the Canadians in these reviews seem, on average, more appreciative.I say, if you can score a deal at this resort and the stuff above won't phase you too much, go for it.Enjoy your holidays!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent resort ruined with awful management I have recently returned from a week鈥檚 stay at the Occidental Grand Flamenco resort in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic and would like to share my experience. I would like to preface this with saying that my expectations were not set terribly high and that I was simply looking forward to a relaxing time. I had heard good things about Punta Cana and the Occidental chain and therefore feel compelled to write about the opposite things my husband and I had encountered.On a plus side, the hotel is located on a beautiful beach with white, soft sand and clear and warm ocean. The tide was sometimes high, but more often the ocean was perfect for swimming. If the beach got too crowded, the resort has plenty of pools surrounding the building with the rooms and there was always space on beach chairs. The rooms are sufficiently large and comfortable. It is apparent the resort has great layout, location, and foundation, so it is all the obvious where the management (Occidental or local Grand Flamenco) went severely wrong. To start out, seeing as it is all inclusive, the food becomes quite important and we have found it to be awful. Note that this is not only our opinion but is shared with a lot of guests we had encountered who had offered their thoughts before hearing ours. There are several restaurants and a buffet. The restaurants required reservations far in advance, so if you are a guest for a short time, you will not find yourself dining there. The buffet becomes your only option, which leaves out stale and greasy food, looking suspiciously like the dinner left over from the aforementioned 鈥渆xclusive鈥?restaurants. The restaurants that we did try somehow managed to ruin even the most simple dishes. The taco salad my husband ordered from The Mexican Restaurant was so horribly burned and had such a charred after-taste that he opted to skip dinner. The Italian Restaurant (notice the pattern?) was just as bad, although the food was not burned. However, they did run out of half the things on the menu, which was unfortunate since this was our only chance to try it with the long reservation list. The only restaurant that was half-way decent, in its decor, service, and menu selection was the Oriental Restaurant. The awful heartburn, however, strangely coincided with our meal there. This left us with the buffet, which happened to be closed any time I was hungry, and pool-side and beach-side mini-buffets. One look at the bugs swarming around the chicken in stale sauce and beach-goers leaning into the food in nothing but their speedos quickly chased away any hunger I may have had.But there is more to food, you may object. Yes, there are drinks. Again, being all inclusive, it would be another great source of entertainment. However, all of the drinks we tried, save for one that we had discovered on our last day there, were absolutely horrible. They were mixed poorly with cheap alcohol, were either too syrup-heavy, too strong, too thick, too icy, etc. Again, this was a complaint we heard over and over again from others.The drinks are not good, let鈥檚 try the highly-advertised entertainment. The obnoxious children shows were on every night, singing the same song over and over again. That would not be too bad because children seemed to like it, however what are all the adults who paid a lot of money for this vacation to do from 8 p.m on? The only bar with music was right outside the resort lobby and conveniently not included in the package! To be fair, the show that was put on one night included flamenco and other dances and was pretty entertaining.The service is the last piece of this broken puzzle. The staff was not very friendly or responsive. Although the language barrier did not seem much of an issue since they spoke English decently and I can string a few words in Spanish, the staff just seemed ignorant and indifferent. Any requests that we may have had needed to go through several people before they were even acknowledged. At the end, we found it easier to look the other way and not deal with the staff at all, even if it meant not finding out if our credit card was charged when an excursion we booked was suddenly cancelled, because all this was surprisingly stressful for a resort.Ironically, the only staff that went out of their way to talk to us were those that were positioned strategically in all the various points with clipboards trying to tell us we鈥檒l win souvenir 鈥減rizes鈥?if we listen to their lecture about the Occidental properties and if we will advertise for them once we get back home! These kind of encounters bordered on harassment since they had trouble understanding, 鈥渘o, we are not interested.鈥?Alas, I found a way to get away from them. I simply inquired about the current customer service problem we were having and asked for help. They were gone faster than you can utter 鈥淕rand Flamenco.鈥?br/>  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BLEXV6
<Content>Great Time was had by our group. A group of us, 12 in all, including my 2 kids, aged 13 and 16, had a great time.(December 16-23,2005). My kids played volleyball, both beach and water, and played a lot of the games that were organized by the staff. I can say my kids never said they were bored, which I was quite pleased with. Anyway heres the scoop on this Resort.1) The rooms were very large, we stayed in block 23, and although they were dated as suggested by others, especially the bathroom, they were very clean, the A/C worked exceptionally well. They could use a renovation, but I do not spend too much time in same anyway. We left a tip everyday and ended up getting beer in the mini-fridge and we were not VIP. Great water pressure and usually lots of hot water.2) The buffet at the front and beach area had a great assortment of food, which was quite tasty. We found the beach buffet in particular, provided an excellent meal. The pool snack bar was also good for burgers, fries and onion rings. We only went to one A-LA-Cart, the Italian, and as I find with most all-inclusives, the service was lousy, the food was average. My advice is that the Buffet here provides such a good range of foods, except for steak(were none), it is more than adequate.The Pizza outlet is a nice treat and the Pizza was excellent.3) The pools were good here, although the beach pool was being repaired. (There are 2 others that are quite nice and significantly large). 4) The beach, where I spent all of my time was amazing, the water, sand, palapas, the breeze. This is perhaps the nicest beach I have ever been on. There are plenty of chairs and the week we went, the Resort seemed pretty full, however you never got that crowded feeling. Oh yeah, the topless girls, were an added bonus. My 2 boys could not believe it.5) The grounds were immaculate and clean. The pathways were recently sealed, making the stamped concrete walkways look clean and immaculate.6) The draft beer which is Presidente, a Dominican beer is quite good. I also had bottled beer, also Dominican, Bohemian, in my beer fridge which was quite good.I did not really drink the other alcohol, but my wife did and enjoyed it. We had Amaretto and Sambucca a few nights and it was good quality. The alcohol here is not quite as good as some of the Mexican resorts I have been at, ie- RIUs, as there appears to be a lack of good quality liquors and sprits, for example, no Kaluha, Bacardi Rum and Rye. Perhaps if I had the VIP, I would get this. The Dominican resorts seem to be doing this VIP thing. Mexico does not seem to be the same.There are several bars throughout the resort.7) The satff are quite good here. I admit our groups tipped well and as such, once the staff know you, they remember where you want to sit and what you drink. Once they know you, they go out of the way to help you. You must remember that many staff members do not speak good English,but the important positions such as the waiters/waitressess, do. 8) The shows I saw were good as can be expected. Better than I have seen, but I am usually bushed by 9:30 PM and only saw 2.9) The lobby area is quite well done and eye pleasing.10) This is a nice compact resort. I have been to the Dominican 3 times, including last April, where I stayed at the Princess All Suites, beside this resort, and this is a nice Resort. I doubt, unless you are stupidly picky, you will be disappointed.Great time was had by all and the resort was likely a 4 star, brought down by the rooms and quality of alcohol.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gecko71
<Content>Absolutely Gorgeous! Stayed at the Grand Flamenco from Dec. 8 - 15th, 2005.I have really nothing bad to say. When I was filling out my feedback card the only thing I could come up with was 'My teenage son wished they had a teen club' of some sort. Their were soooo many activities for the 11 and under age and the over 17 age group. My teenage son kinda got bored at times. He is very active and they just didn't have alot for him to do. The Fun Club team was fantastic and very energetic working like 15 hours a day. 7 days a week. Yikes!The beach was gorgeous. I had no trouble finding a lounger but people do throw their towel over them all day and not use them. This can be kinda annoying. I was up everyday by 9am so I never had a problem. I guess if you were to sleep till 11am - Goodluck finding a lounger. The buffets and ala carte restaurants were terrific. Especially like the Steak house (Las Reses). I was unable to try the L'oriental restaurant as it is the only restaurant that is adult only and I had two kids in tow. First family vacation post-divorce. The pools were beautiful although the really deep pool near the beach was being redone. So we were unable to use it but that left 3 other pools. We preffered the largest with the volleyball court in the pool near the swim up bar. Nightclub 'Mangu' was a lot of fun. I only went once as I had my kids but one night I was able to attend. Starts hopping at 12:30 am till ? - Couldn't stay up that late. ha ha.There were alot of locals at this club. Apparently North American/Canadian girls have a reputation of being 'easy'. 'What happens in Punta Cana - Stays in Punta Cana' LOL!Excursions. We did the Outback Safari and took a suitcase full of school supplies down with us. An absolute blast!!!We also did the Caribbean Festival but I think the Marinarium would have been better. They are similar excursions. Swim with Nurse Sharks and sting rays. We heard the James Bond. Ride in your own speed boat / snorkelling tour was a blast but ran out of time. Would I go back to the Flamenco - Without a doubt 'YES'.Tips. I tipped my room maid everyday. In US dollars and lots of Avon lipsticks and perfume. I also cleaned out my jewellery drawer and gave away my jewellery that I just don't wear anymore. My room was spic and span clean everyday with extra towels, pop, water. Bugs - We had no problem with mosquitoes. Although I did bring bug spray just in case. We saw one cockroach outside and it was pretty neat. (cause it was outside not in our room). Ants. Tons of ants!!! Not in our room but if you leave something sweet and sticky out don't be surprised if you have an ant party in just a matter of minutes. Its quite amazing really. Their were alot of guests that were suffering from heat rashes and of course sun burns. Be smart - fake and bake before you go and get a good base tan and use sunscreen. If you get the corn row braids done like I did - Wear a hat! My scalp is burnt and pealing. Its very itchy!!!The heat rash is like tight bumpy skin that is very uncomfortable. I have been home 3 days and its finally subsided. No hot showers for me though cause this flares it up. I gave my kids benadryl when the itching became unbearable. It was probably a reaction to heat (duh), sun, sunscreen, chlorine, and salt water. Don't drink the tap water, Shower with your mouth shut!, Brush your teeth with bottled water and you should do just fine! Have fun and relax. I overheard many people still [--] about this or that. It amazes me how petty people can be - Remember you are in a third world country some locals speak your language some don't. 90% of communication is body language on 10% is what actually comes out of your mouth. Its like being at a night club you can't hear anything so you play charades all night. It works and it can work anywhere~ It can be alot of fun learning a new language and 'BE open minded!'Ladies don't burn your boobs. I did - not fun. Men enjoy the eye candy - Boobs are everywhere!!! LOLFeel free to contact me - I met a local and I know the inside scoop. LOL! Char - chargecko71@hotmail.com  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, if you don't care anout small problems       hotel beach  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise! Just returned from the Grand Flamenco yesterday. Amazing hotel with amazing staff. Restaurants were all great the rooms clean and efficant. BEACH WAS BEAUTIFUL!!! Stayed in building 14 on first floor near pool and restaurants and not to far from the beach. Water pressure was very good and hot water was always there. Pool restaurant was amazing and so was the main buffet. the other restaurants were good. the bars were very good and alcohol always flowed. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone just get used to there slow pace and you will have a great time.p.s. avoid the allegro sales reps for the time sharing they will be annoying the first couple of days then they will leave you alone.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Flamenco was Great!       Bavaro Beach  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Flyingbanana
<Content>Puzzled Usually we read up on hotels before we book. This time we got a very late deal and did it backwards. The negativity of some reviews made us very apprehensive -but -Only just got back on line since we returned. This is the first time we have posted on Trip Advisor because,even if we disagree, we can usually see where people are coming from. Not here though!.Sunbeds on the beach. Some naughtiness in booking late at night. My wife joined a get up and see the sunrise ad hoc group. If people are that keen so be it. Perhaps the hotel could manage the situation a little better.The shows we never saw. 10pm is very late when you get up before dawn!.Ann has mobility problems but we were given a groundfloor room close to the beach and we didn't find getting around much of a problem. Our room we rated up to standard for the area (our 15th holiday this way in recent years).We rated the buffet excellent for all three meals, even made a point of complimenting the Chef. Only been impressed enough to do that on one previous occasion!. Drinks with meals and service never a problem.The beach buffet was the best we have come across yet. We discovered this on day three and lunched there for the rest of the fortnight.We enjoyed all the speciality restaurants, especially the Oriental. The Steakhouse, I suspect should be called the Grill. Give it a miss if you like big portions. We rated it a pleasant change.Almost throughout we found the service to be excellent. Having read some complaints on this, we started to look for evidence. Found none. I spent some time at all of the bars (as one does on holiday!). Impressed with how all of the bartenders tried to serve guests in order and remain cheerful and polite.On the last night we had a disturbing problem. We thought it a pity that the hotel should let itself down at the 11th hour so on the following morning we informed the management of our concerns. In the couple of hours it took us to pack, the incident was investigated and comprhensive explanation was given - including steps the hotel had taken to prevent a recurrence. Very impressed.We like to try new hotels. Have only done repeats to one in this area before but we will be looking to return to this one.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alexabutterfly
<Content>what a let down It has been over a year since our trip to Punta Cana, but my husband and I are planning another trip and I have found other peoples reviews quite helpful... so here is mine. Last October we went to the Grand Flamenco for our honeymoon. We were dissapointed in general... The service was terrible, and I mean terrible. At breakfast, we didn't have one server approach us (to offer tea/coffee etc)all week. Dinner was a slight improvement, a server would come around maybe once or twice throughout your meal. In the past I have worked in the food/drink industry so I can appreciate good service and I really can't stand BAD service. The food was average overall, the buffet seemed to be a lot of the same things over and over again. The highlight of breakfast would be the omelet area... where you could pick your ingredients and it would be cooked right there on the spot. That was nice. We went to the Mexican a la carte.. what a big mistake -- DON't go there. We sat (seriously) for at least 45 minutes before we were approached by a server.. then another 15-20 minutes before our drinks came to the table. Our main course came maybe 45 minutes later, by which time my husband was so hungry he was feeling sick and the food presentation was poor, totally unappetizing. We took one bite of our entrees and then got up and left. It was terrible.In general the service was the worst -- there were also men and women (resort reps) waiting outside of the buffet after breakfast everyday to attack us and try to sell times shares in the resort.. EvERY DAY. That was annoying and uncomfortable.On the up side... Bavaro Beach is beautiful. It is absolutely breath taking. We spent a lot of time on the beach, it wasn't a problem finding a lounger. The beach volleyball was fun, and the food at the beach restaurant was pretty good. It rained a few times, only to clear up 30 minutes later. We went snorkelling one day and it was amazing. Our first time snorkelling, and we loved it! The snorkel guide was great too, he was really friendly and helpful.Our room was nice... it was right near the beach. My only complaint about the room would be the bathroom. It was dirty looking and the paint was chipping. The bathtub ran completely full was so shallow it would only cover half of my body. Not to mention the water pressure was terrible, it took about 30-40 minutes to run a bath.I would definitely return to PUnta Cana, but I would not go back to the Grand Flamenco. We were not impressed.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WELUVCUBA
<Content>Nice 3.5 star resort My husband and I (39  43 years)just got back and find the other reviews are very accurate. We had a wonderful vacation. We love the dominican republic. However, people must know what they are paying for as to not pay too much. We paid $1692.00 CDN for the two of us from Fri to Fri from Toronto. We would not pay more. If you are happy and positive people who enjoy laughing and seeing the humor in life and can laugh at 7am when all the palapas are gone, then this is the place for you. If you are easily upset or sensitive to getting your own way, go to the Bahia Principe where you can expect perfection in all areas.When we arrived we received our ground floor room (25-128) although we requested third floor, oh well. We took our own bags quickly to the room which was a little worn. We lit scented votive candles to eliminate the musty smell. We did not get the safe but instead locked our stuff in our luggage using little combo locks. Nothing was stolen and we tipped the maid every day. We had an ant infestation by the nightstand where the ants were coming in through a crack in the old grout. I had brought ant traps because I listen to reviews and squished them and flushed them down the toilet. I left the traps out the entire week. The tv sizzled and was ready to die. The king size bed was very comfy despite it was broken in the middle. The furniture was old motel style. The washroom was the quite gross with paint flaking off the tub floor, faucet not fixed to the wall, gaps between the pipes and wall, no hairdryer all week, the grout on the floor had patchy repairs and the tub was rusty. However the water was always hot with excellent pressure. The jet engine, I mean air conditioning unit unfortunately was a ear splitter. It had to be shut off in order to sleep at night. The technician never came or fixed the unit as promised by the front desk and the blow dryer never arrived either.Bavaro beach is AWESOME!! The water was playful and we walked many miles in each direction. Super sights on the beach. A couple red flag days prevented water sports but thats ok. We went sailing and loved it. Our beach was groomed some of the time but not every day and there are not enough garbage cans so there were a lot of plastic cups in the sand. Remember to bring your own larger thermal cups from the dollar store with you. You must reserve your palapa at 6:30 am, at the beach, or go without. There are not enough loungers either. We brought old clothes for this purpose alone. The food in the buffet was great. We always had a tasty dinner at the main buffet. The mexican restaurant did not serve us all of the courses to our meal after waiting 1/2 hr for someone other than the water guy, to talk to us. It was really weird. We just sat and sat. Other people walked out and we did after the main dish because we just couldn't wait for desert any longer. We heard terrible comments about all the other a la cartes so we stuck with the yummy buffet.The pools were beaufiful and the grounds were lush and covered with a variety of palms and hibiscus flowers. We saw a humming bird and wood peckers. Very nice grounds. None of the path side lanterns light up at night. And there was some vandalism. People had tipped the ashtray/garbage containers over and tipped over these non functioning path lights too.The buffet at the beach was super busy and the 3 stall washroom often lined up. The line up at the bar was also long most of the time. The bartenders were very polite and all smiles. Excellent service, just wait your turn. We could also smell vomit while waiting in line at this bar. The floor was planks with a little gap so I guess that if a guest was sick, they would be unable to clean out what dripped through those gaps. This smell was strongest in the morning. Unfortunately the bar by the theatre also had the pukey smell. That's where we smelled it first.The shows begin at 10pm. This is too late for us after getting up at 6:30am to reserve a palapa. We did see a few and enjoyed the dancing and costumes. Then it turned ugly. Apparently the shows are on a 14 night rotation so that you never see the same show twice. Thank God. Lots of laughs except on comedy night.The BAVARO RUNNERS excursion was out of this world fantastic!!!!!!!! We met great people from Ontario and bounced around in our truck with Eros, our guide, all through the country side. The sights were unforgettable. Mountains, palms, valleys, sugar cane plantation, a dominican home, exhibition cock fight, coffee manufacturing, cocoa processing,a tobacco museum,gift shop, rice fields, horse back riding on a beach, swimming pool , delicious BBQ lunch (Beach side) and boogie boarding. We can't say enough about this must-do excursion. It was a highlight of our trip.We also did the MARINARIUM excursion were we snorkelled the coral and saw a huge variety of fish and some coral. Then we swam with nurse sharks and rays in a large netted area. This was so thrilling. They were 4 and 5 feet long and swimming around. Just awesome. Then the boat turns into a party/dance boat and cruises the stunning coast. We stopped on a sand bar to wade around a were served drinks. So fun.Our pictures are beautiful and we had a great time. The weather was hot and humid with a moderate sea breeze. We saw rain or a cloud burst once in a while but it only lasted 5 to 10 minutes and did not affect the fun on the beach. We did not use the rain ponchos that we brought and the room had a golf size umbrella in the closet. We would return the Not-That-Grand- Flamenco because we know what to expect and pay. It is a 3.5 star. But we went for the beach, pools, sun, relaxation and buffet and had a great time. Happy trails to you!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Dancing palm trees"       Beach Boy!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this Hotel!!!       The Crew on Break  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful beaches but every thing else was average We were supposed to be going to Cancun to stay at the Palace resorts but the hurricane destroyed Cancun so we had to pick another destination. We decided to go to Punta Cana because we had never been before. We stayed for 7 days and six nights. Our group included 11 adults ranging from 26-38 yrs. old. The grounds of the hotel were beautifully maintained. We all stayed in building 13 which was close to the beach. The resort was large so there was alot of walking so if you need a wheel chair to get around or if you cannot walk far I am not sure how well you could get around this resort. I never saw an elevator any where just stairs and our room was on the third floor.The beach was amazing the palm trees on the white sand beach and the beautiful blue water truely paradise. There were plenty of chairs but if you want a chair under a shaded area get to the beach early around 6:30 am. The bar on the beach was open every day except one. You had to go to the bar to get your drinks because they did not have any one bringing them around. We wanted bottled water from the bar but it was hot. They did not have it iced down. A couple of days we had to wait in line for 30 minutes to get a fresh towel.The room was very clean but very outdated. If you want your air conditioning to stay on while you are not in your room you have to stick a piece of cardboard in the slot to keep it on. The power went out at the whole resort for 2 hours for 1 day. If you want fresh bath towels throw your used towels in the bath tub and you may or may not receive new ones but if you find a maid they will give you some. We tipped our maid $5.00 USD a day. The water pressure for the shower was excellent though. We also had a little refrigerator a coffee maker and an iron. There was plenty of closet space as well.The bars were crowded but you usually only had to wait a minute to be served. We never really got drunk until we started doing shots. The last bar closed at 1:00 am so if you wanted to continue to party after that you had to go to the bar right outside the hotel but still on the property which stayed open until 6:00 am but you had to pay for your drinks because it was not included in the all inclusive package.The food at the buffet was not good at all. At breakfast and lunch you were lucky to get a drink or silver ware before you were finished with your meal. Service was much better at dinner. At breakfast we stuck with fruit or donuts. Lunch we usually ate a sandwich some fries or nachos. Dinner we ate chicken on a stick or pizza both were good. We also made reservations at the steak house but the only things that were good there was the chicken and the ribs and rice. We also got reservations at the mexican place and the fajitas and the steak were good there. Between 10:30 pm and 7:30 am if you got hungry too bad.The pools were beautiful, there were 3 the main pool had a swim up bar and a wonderful bartender named Castillo who would always remember what you were dinking and do a little toast with you. We tipped him $20.00 USD a day. It was hard to get a chair at the pool unless you got there early around 8:00 am.The entertainment at the resort was good. The dominicans that worked at the resort were always friendly and helpful if you asked for some thing.We took at taxi to go shopping. You just ask the person at the entrance of the lobby to call for one. Tell the taxi driver to take you shopping on the beach I cannot remenber the name of the place we went but it was about 10 minutes from the resort and it cost us $8.00 USD each way. The vendors all beg you to come inside their shops and if you don't they say things like don't you like me lady. (major guilt trip) Each of the shops have exactly the same thing inside so once you have been in one you have been in them all.We took coloring books crayons and small toys for the dominican children.We took an excursion to go swim with stingrays and nurse sharks it was fun and the crew on the excursion was great. It was about 35 minutes from the resort.Overall we had a really good time. I am just comparing it to the other all inclusive hotels I have been to and the hospitality and service I have received at other destinations. I am not sure If I would go back to this hotel or not. The Dominican Republic is about the same as Jamaica, it is much better than Curacao but not as good as Mexico.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort This was my 1 st experience south. The resort, pool, beach and grounds are extremley beautiful. The pools are well maintained but you must be careful with you b-suite to not ruin them from the bottom of the pool. The White Sandy beach was was well kept and the water was perfect temp with lots of waves. If you want to rent towels, you must get them early (one day I had to go back 3X to the hut to get 2 towels). The buffets had many selection of foods, my favorite was breakfeast at the main buffet and lunch at the beach buffet. I didn't like any of the resturants except for the Pizza place and my friends like the steak house. I think this place was great but i think they need to improve on the quality of food and taste. They should invest in a chef. The room was a bit out dated but it was kept clean. The bathtub was really old and needs to be replaced. But over all it was a relaxing week of fun and the beach, pool but they must improve on the food. Also the evening entertainment was sometimes a bit cheesey but they put on good shows. Most of the stuff was friendly but they could of did a bit more. The daytime activity's were fun. I can't wait to go down soth away again. P.S. BRING SPF 30.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The good, the bad and the ugly Went to Punta Cana for the first time ever on October 19 for eight days with my husband. We booked the holiday on October 18, so we didn't have these ginormous expectations, growing daily in our heads, about the destination of choice. Perhaps this is one of the reasons we found everything to be so good. We were greated with a smile, and our room was ready to be occupied at 8:30 in the morning.... but I'll stick with my theme and tell you what was 'the good, the bad, and the ugly...'THE GOOD:STAFF: I had a wonderful experience everytime I had to deal with any staff member (with one exception, which I will tell you about later). THE SERVERS/BUSPEOPLE/HOSTESSES were great. I have worked in the industry and it's tough to serve 1,000 people when they all come in at once. The staff do a great job, and do it all with a smile. Everything we asked for was at our table within seconds.THE GROUNDS CREW worked very hard, were amazingly pleasant and polite, and did a great job. Just look at all the pictures from this place to see what I mean.THE BARTENDERS remember what your poison of choice is and were often holding it out for us as we walked by, with a smile, not expecting anything in return.THE HOUSEKEEPERS worked very hard, and it seems like they are working with not enough supplies, which makes them a little less efficient, but Lord knows they try hard, and work crazy hours. Our room was always clean, but what was taken out of it (i.e. towels) was not always replaced before the end of the day. We had to ask a couple of times, and we also grabbed new water bottles and coffee when it wasn't replaced. But no big whoop, I have two arms and two legs, so it was no skin off my back to walk down the hall and grab what I need. They were always smiling and apologetic which is what makes me think that they just don't have the system down on a bigger scale, and the staff doing the rooms ends up paying the price.The FUN CLUB: The most amazing people in the place. Every business who has to work with external clients would be envious of this group. They are highly energetic, super positive, multilingual, crazy hard working (they work from 9am to 1am, 13 days on, 3 days off - and make less in a week than most North Americans make before lunch). Their positivie disposition is contageous, and makes the place a wonderful destination. They entertain the kids, do daily activities of all sorts, and then entertain the guests in the evenings with live music during dinner, followed by various shows on the big stage. I was tired just watching them.FRONT DESK AND GUEST SERVICES were very helpfull, polite and pro. We had one small emergency, and the gentleman at the Guest Services totally went out of his way to help us out. While patiently waiting to get my turn (which is a trait some of the other visitors might want to invest some time in training themsleves to do)I saw him genuinely help out three other people with various problems (from lost luggage, to reservation problems). The front desk checked us in in about 3 minutes, and let us check out the night before our departure to ensure a problem free travel day.All in all THE PEOPLE in this place made our holiday what it was - awesome. I would have liked to see more locals, but I believe that is what the security guards are there for - to keep the locals off the property. I never saw any locals, at any time, in any pool (especially not after 7pm or on weekends) or on the property. I also never felt that I got served slower, or with any less respect than any Spanish speaking person. Not once. I was always treated with a smile, in a quick, efficient, professional manner. Our service industry in so called 1st world countries could take a lesson or two home from these people._______________THE PROPERTY: The GROUNDS at the Grand Flamenco are awesome. It has a spanish flavour (as I understand it's under Spanish ownership). There's lots of red brick, the walks are clean and grand, the theatre is comfy and inviting. There are bars littering the place, so if you need a drink, you rarely have to walk more than 200m. Everything is conveniently close to everything else, but still feels open and airy and big.THE POOLS ARE SPECTACULAR: There are three pools available to most people, and one extra for the 'specials'. There's the main pool (with swim up bar, and various activities, lots of people here - right beside the main building). There's the activities pool (just off the beach, this is where there's water volleyball, water aerobics, and it's right beside the Beach Club buffet). Last there's what we called the 'quiet pool'hiding in the back of the property, with almost nobody there (I spent a whole afternoon just floating around, with nobody near me, looking at the palm trees and the clouds - you know you're on holiday when....)THE BEACH is excellent, with lots of chairs, and all kinds of options. We couldn't get a shady spot on the beach until we figured out the system (incidentally I didn't see a single sign that said reservations were not allowed). My husband couldn't sleep one night and got up to see the sunrise and found people coming out from everywhere to reserve their palapas. From that day on, we had a romantic sunrise observation and a palapa on the beach. I guess the early bird really does get the worm. And generally speaking people are nice enough to share their shade with you, we did with other people. Oh yeah, and the scenery is soul cleansing.THE GYM: Perfectly adequate to get the blood moving and burn off some of the extra calories aquired at the bars and buffets.THE ROOMS were fine. Nothing spectacular, but not at all bad. There was that musty smell that anyone who has been to a tropical destination knows exists almost everywhere. I actually associate it with being in a tropical location, so it automatically gives me a good feeling. As they say When in Rome...... Also there was some rust in the bathtub - 'Oh My Gawd'. Don't worry people, it won't kill ya (unless you lick it, and even then...). We didn't go there for the rooms. We've got great rooms at home, but we have no beach, no pool, and no 'round the clock service, food and drink. The one thing I didn't like about the room was that there were two beds pushed together to make one, so it was not very condusive to a lot of night cuddling, but 'Cest la vie'. Our TV sounded like it was possesed by Satan himself, but only while it was warming up (that in itself was entertaining - is it gonna blow, or will it live).We ate at THE BUFFETS exclusively. We looked at the A'la'carte restaurants, and they didn't get us pumped, but mostly because we found the buffet so versatile, quick, efficient, and you could get exactly what you want, as fast or as slow as you want.There was always lots of fruit, salad, stews, pasta, and of course various themed main dishes. There is absolutely no excuse if you didn't eat enough, or 'couldn't find what you liked'. We also NEVER had a problem finding a seat, or getting good service once seated. The chefs behind the grills were very patient, moreso than I could ever be with the kind of pushy, arrogant people that I found myself surrounded by on the guest side. Often I felt somebody's belly or big boobs firmly pressed against my back, pushing me forward as I was waiting in line for the main dishes - eeeek - gross. Exchanged a few exasperated looks with the staff ( I can't even imagine what they must think of us like piggies at a trough fighting to overfill our already full plates)I found the hot food always hot, and tasty (nothing absolutely spectacular, but quite tasty - I must have picked the right stuff)The cold was cold, and generally everything as it should be. I also never had any problems with my stomach, and I have a very whimpy stomach. This makes me think of another point.My husband and I travel with one cary-on bag each. Period. And we still manage to bring along essentials like two bottles of sunscreen, pepto bismo, ny-quil, day-quil, emergency kit, our own shampoo, conditioner, and soap, and enough clothes to wear something different every day and night. I don't quite understand how people can come with two gigantic suitcases and forget to bring some essential toiletries for a destination such as this, and then complain that it's too expensive at the local shop._____________The Bad:The beach staff: Found them to be a bit unaproachable and slightly condesending. AND they probably have the easiest, most slack job in the complex. When you go to ask them a question, you get a bit of an eye roll, and they look amongst themselves and snicker. My husband likes to windsurf, and has done it for the better part of his life, so it was a pleasant surprise to see a bunch of boards and sails on the beach. He went to aks about the size of the sails, and see if they have harnesses available, to which they scoffed and said no. ..you don't need a harness to windsurf. We also ski a lot, and the way he described windsurfing without a harness to me is by comparing it to skiing in a forced snowplow when you normally ski the chutes. We went to them a couple of other times to inquire about various activities, and each time were met with the same attitude. Needless to say we didn't use their services. But that's OK because there was plenty of relaxin' to do._______The ugly:The ugly part of the trip was seeing how other visitors behaved and interacted not only with the staff, but with other guests. It's appauling. So called civilized people behaving like 5 year old kids (in fact I saw a few 5 year old kids that behaved more adult than some of the grown ups), complaining about this and that and the other thing. We had one guy who went all 'cookie' on a front desk person right in front of us because he couldn't get a receipt right at that nanosecond. We were halfway through our transaction, and the front desk clerk helping us was in the till (they only have one cash drawer operated by a computer, so only one user at a time), and his co-worker had brought up the 'gentleman's' (and I use the term very loosely) bill, had taken his money and was waiting for our transaction to process so he could give him a receipt, and apparently the 30 seconds that took was waaaay to long for Mr. Poopy Pants to wait, so he went balistic on the front desk clerk who actually helped him speed along his transaction by getting it all done while his partner was helping us (he could have left Poopy Pants to wait his turn). It really is shocking when you see grown people behave this way, over absolutely nothing. Once he left, I had to tell the front desk guys what an awesome job they did in the confrontational situation. They were polite, professional, efficient, and bumped our transaction to get his done. Don't wanna see a grown man cry now, do we?All in all a great place to visit, ignore the jerks who have waited way too long to take a vacation, and still think they're at home or at work and have a god given right to treat others with total disrespect. The staff are amazing. The property is amazing. The food is great, and you learn little tricks to avoid to goofs (but I'll keep those to myself, as I might end up going back there, and don't want to spoil it for next time)To those of you going, have an excellent time, and remember, you're on holidays, and no matter what, it's a thousand times better than being at home in a meeting, or sitting behind the computer, or thinking of what you'll cook for supper tonight. It's all about perspective.Peace.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would I recommend this hotel to my mates?...probably not. We spent two weeks at this hotel from the 19th October to the 3rd November 2005. Having read previous reviews I think it's fair to say it met my expectation but unfortunatly never exceeded it.I thought it best if I simply list what we thought were the good  bad points. I would summarise by saying I'm sure there are at lot worse places to stay in the Dominican  it's a whole lot better than staying at home but would I recommend this hotel to my mates...probably not.Things we liked : The kids club - excellent The Dive Centre The beach restaraunt Animation staff - excellent! The A La Carte restarauntsThings we didn't : The furniture in the rooms had certainly seen better days and was falling apart and needed replacing. The bottom of the swimming pools were very worn and all of my daughters swimsuits were ruined as they got pulled. The Henna tattoo artist, who incidentally works for the spa at the hotel, Metamporphosis, operates from the beach. He does not give any advice before selling these tattoos. Please try and persuade them to do the tattoo within the spa where it is air conditioned. The tattoo then has a lesser chance of running when the wearer gets hot before it has a chance to dry. This however isnt guaranteed as we had friends who had a tattoo done and they still ran 12 hours later! The beach is very over crowded. We got to the beach before 9am to find all the sun beds under the parasols were resevered with towels even though there are signs at every entry point to the beach to tell you not to do so. Of course when we moved someones towels  they turned up at 11am (over 2hrs later) we had big arguement about it! Although there is a high presence of security guards 24hrs a day you are left to wonder what they are there for, it is certainly not to enforce the no reservation rule on the beach Being pestered in the lobby by people selling excursions / time share. This got to be annoying and intrusive. They were hard to avoid as they positioned themselves outside the entrance to the main a la carte restaurant!  Our room which was allocated to us had a horrible smell. The bath was rusty and was peeling enamel. We refused the room and had to change.We were moved to block 13, which was slightly better, (no smell) but again the furniture was falling apart, the bath was peeling, the shower was broken and there was no hairdryer! Hard to find a table in the buffet restaraunt in the evening, even more so at weekend as the local people came to use the hotel. The service was very poor at all times and you have to ask numerous times before you get what you wantJust as a note, the pools close at 7pm but there were often local residents who came in at weekend who didnt seem to apply by the same rules and we witnessed them in the pools on many occassions when we went for dinner after 9pm.  The food served in the main buffet was often luke warm, sometimes cold, including the food that was just brought out. Extremely over priced on site shops. Bring plenty of sunblock! Queues for the bar were frustrating, there isnt enough staff. Lobby bar doesn't open until 3pm! In all this is a very large hotel which during our stay found it very difficult to cater for the number of guests staying. The service was poor and a number of the restaurants / snack bars was closed because we were advised it was low season and low occupancy!!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>3	4	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I"m Glad I Booked It. I stayed at the Flamenco a few weeks ago.I loved it. Arrival at the airport was a snap. However; it did seem like people who booked their trip online, didn鈥檛 know there was an arrival tax payable in cash and was taking off guard. People that booked with a travel agent had cash in hand and a pin to fill out their tourist cards.We gave the airport baggage guy $1 per bag for a tip. I was nervous because a friend of mine told me to contact Mr. Johnson at [--] to reserve hotel space. And if I were to email him, or tell him where I found my rate for the flamenco, he would put me in a VIP suite for the same price of a standard room or a little higher. So, we booked 3 nights based on my friend鈥檚 word. We booked our air separate with credit card. For the hotel, Mr. Johnson sent us a link to pay the hotel portion via online personal check. I was like wow, here comes the rip off!!Well, Mr. Johnson had made arrangements for free shuttle pick up from the airport. When we got to the front desk, I still nervous to see if they were going to have a reservation for us.I gave my name at the desk and they said 鈥淢r. Carter, we have been expecting you. Mr. Johnson called this morning to make sure your room was ready upon arrival鈥? I felt like a million bucks.When we pulled up to the hotel, other people on the shuttled said 鈥淚 hope our hotel is as nice!鈥?The open-air bar lobby is great. The lobby was extremely large. We were driving to our rooms via golf cart, and the room was nice. Separate bedroom  dining room with private pool area just for VIP suite guest. We paid $500 per night for 4 people including taxes . It鈥檚 the ultimate deal for families.The kids loved the pool. The hotel is a nice walk from Plaza Bavaro where you can do some shopping if you can get past the haggling. The food was great. Lots to pick from.We didn鈥檛 see anyone get sick from food or water. The shows were great for kids. The nightclub is kicking for adults who like to party with the locals.I will definitely go again. If you contacted Mr. Johnson for a VIP suite upgrade, tell him Molly the skeptic sent you. [--] is how to reach him for that upgrade.Carter 鈥?MichiganI will stay again at this hotel no questions asked.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Luvmy2grlz
<Content>Amazing Vacation - Loved Every Minute! My husband and I just got back on October 30th from the Grand Flamenco -we had a fabulous time. Here is a little information on each area of the hotel:The Rooms - we stayed in block 25 which is pretty central and we overlooked the quiet pool and we were a short stroll to the beach. The rooms, admittedly are getting a little outdated but my main concern was that the room was clean and roomy which it definately was. There was a little musty odour in the beginning but keep in mind the humidity - it is not unlike any room or area that may be subject to excessive heat and/or the room not being occupied constantly. The rooms were cleaned daily, our fridge stocked appropriately with 2 large waters every day, pepsi and 7-up. The maid, in my opinion did a wonderful job and we didn't had to give her excessive tips to do it.The Pools - there are three - the activities pool is the closest to the beach and quite active with games and music - we never used this pool at all. The quiet pool and the main pool are the tool we frequented. The main pool is like a lagoon and huge! The water temp just perfect and so large you never feel crowded. The main pool also has the swim up bar which is great and opens at 10am! The quiet pool is quiet but popular as well and also has a lazy lagoon like feel to it. All the pools are well cleaned and very beautifulThe Buffet Restaurants - there are two - many people who wrote reviews focussed on the main buffet located close to the main lobby. However, the beach buffet deserves accolades in our opinion. The beach buffect opens for lunch only and the view of the ocean while eating is simply breathtaking and I refused to enjoy lunch anywhere but there. Lunch options were varied (roast chicken, garden salad, flat bread pizza, pork dishes and seafood paella everyday - many choices). The main buffet had different thremes throughout the week. We found both enjoyable - wine is served with every meal if you wish.A La Cartes: You can book these at the reservation desk in the front lobby - we booked three - caution: the first two we booked were fine and were told by the same reservation staff member that we could not book the third - we went back the next day to book La Reses and got the booking easily. All three we ate at (La Reses, La Hacienda and La Via Veneto) were all good. Certainly would not exaggerate and say gourmet, but it was definately a step above the buffet and made for a nice change throughout the week.The Beach: what can be said about something so beautiful? You really have to see it to believe it. The water sport staff members were very helpful - my husband signed up for Catarmaran lessons and we took advantage of sailing for 30 minutes a day! The kayaks and other equipment were in excellent condition. Hotel Layout - what we really liked about this hotel is that it's large but not overly huge - you can easily walk everywhere - not one building block is excessively far away from anything which was great. Entertainment - now this is where I was blown away - the dancers and singers are excellent. If you read a review that is overtly negative with regard to entertainment then they must not have attended the shows - the lighting, costumes and choreography were amazing and should be noted as a highlight of the trip. Mangu (disco) is just outside the main lobby - by the time we ate, had cocktails, watched the show and then went to the lobby bar for more drinks it was close to midnight - needless to say drinking throughout the day in the sun, midnight was late enough. Drinks - we found the drinks excellent - we didn't find the drinks varied from bartender to bartender - maybe the consistency of the slushy drinks but who cares? They tasted the same to us.Staff: fine - no problems - no one was rude, the front counter check in staff spoke adqueate english (much better than my attempts at Spanish that I can tell you) - what I found rude, quite frankly was listening (on three occsassions) to abrupt and demanding guests who I am quite sure would be better off staying in the comfort of their own homes because nothing is really good enough. I could give examples but this review is getting too long.All in all, we found this an enjoyable experience and we would recommend it to others - we came for sun, and relaxation which we got - we also met great people who were also easy going and weren't complainers. oh, the ALlegro Vacation Club people can be annoying so when we were approached, we said thanks but we already did the presentation yesterday - they left us alone after that!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>modo01
<Content>Great place, great people, great weather, great holiday Went there on a whim, and it was absolutely perfect. I laugh at the people who complain about American chips costing too much in a store of a place that has a cournucopia of food and drink in every direction, all the time; or people who are too whimpy to carry their own luggage to the bus, and almost missing the bus for lack of a bellboy. It's a different country, and you're in it. Our experience was awesome. The front desk staff were not only very helpful but also very efficient. I saw a few snively people try and mess with their heads, at which occasions they reacted with nothing but tact and professionalism. We were checked in immediately upon arrival (even though it was 9am), we didn't have to use a bellman because we can carry our luggage, so there was no delay there.The food was great. The buffet had a theme every night, we had everything from Mediteranean, to Japanese, to Mexican, to German... need I go on? Lunch had a vast variety of food for every taste, a good experiment to have is pay attention to various body types various food choices. It's quite telling. Oh where are those chips now?The staff were awesome. They work hours that would make us spoiled North Americans cry after a week, and still maintain an inspiring disposition. As far as the time share dudes, they appreciate you being honest with them, and telling them you really aren't interested. They all respected that. The Fun Club are heroes. I saw them taking care of people's kids, getting the sloths on the beach moving, and entertaining till all hours of the night. All with a genuine smile (if a little tired sometimes). They are rock stars.The Guest Services desk was so helpful the one time we had a dillema, and the gentleman went way out of his way to help out which he did (help that is), while having angry vultures hoovering over him.My only disappointment of the whole trip was witnessing how some of the tourists treated the staff. I was embarassed for them. And the staff and locals were truly beautiful people.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its Not 4 Star Stayed at the hotel and how it ever got 4 stars I will never know. More like 2 or 3 stars in my opinion.The bathroom was old well worn and grubby. The food was terrible, (all 3 of us had bad stomaches)We ventured out of the complex but quicky returned, it definately did not feel safe.The hotel staff were generally unfriendly, unhelpful and lazy.The hotel shop prices were crazy!I would never concider going back to the Dominian republic, never mind this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CaraF
<Content>Dissapointed, but still had a wonderful time!       The beach  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worse Hotel EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!! To review this hotel kindly would be a crime against humanity! My wife  I take our vacations seriously and this was the worst we ever took. The hotel was soooo awful that we had ourselves transferred to the Paradisus 2 days into the trip. The food was worse than a school cafeteria. We actually went the first 2 days of the trip without eating. The room was disgusting and would not keep the AC on without your key card in a slot. It was also nice that we had a rusted bathtub with a broken spout. The service was non-existent and I actually felt that if you were American, you were served slower, and with a touch of rudeness!!! To make the experience as unpleasant as possible, we found ourselves unable to drink the cheap liquor because it was bottom shelf and left us with a headache before we were even hungover. This hotel should burnt down or closed, and if kept open, people should be told it is 1 star only!!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LylesR
<Content>A lot better than all of the negative reviews. My girlfriend and I just returned from a 6 day trip to the Grand Flamenco. Judging by the reviews I was pretty nervous about my stay there but I have to say that the negative reviews are off base. Most reviews say how terrible the check in experience was; I cannot say this was the case for us. We arrived a bit before 3:00PM and check in took 5 minutes the front desk person let us know that the buffet would be closing soon if we wanted to grab lunch; we had a bellman take our bags to our room and had a quick lunch which was great after a long day of traveling. The 2 things that I was not worried about were the beach and the pool because even people that hated the resort found these to be beautiful and they both are as advertised (though as an American you are not prepared for the topless women). There were also many complaints about the food which again did not bother me, there was a different selection daily and the food was pretty good. If you don't like the buffet you can always try the theme restaurants you can make a reservation from 8AM to 4PM so that you are not rushed and don't have to wake up at the crack of dawn, just be warned that they do have a no shorts policy so pack slacks or jeans if you would like to try one of the restaurants. I never had a problem with the service or hotel workers not being able to speak English, just keep in mind that you are visiting a Spanish speaking country and the people there prefer to speak in their native language they will ask if you speak Spanish when you approach them but will speak English to you if you tell them no. I never had a problem with my room not being cleaned or receiving fresh towels (another popular complaint) I found the staff helpful and friendly despite the amount of hours they work daily; you will see the same faces from sun up until after the restaurants close. 2 things that I will tell you about are the tiles for the entire resort, the tiles are beautiful but sot fit to be walked on when wet, you will slip and slide and nearly fall every 2-4 steps on these tiles. The second is the Allegra tour group, they have representatives that approach you on your first full day and ask you if you have 5 minutes to receive a welcome package when you agree to this they bring you to an office and have you fill out paperwork and then insist that you sit through a one hour presentation, if you refuse they of course will get the manager who will try to further persuade you to sit through this presentation if you refuse this you will then be harassed every day by the person you spoke to and agreed to the 5 minutes because he wants his commission for signing up for their VIP club. I don't know about anyone else but I am not going on vacation to sit in a room so they can sell me an all inclusive black wrist band for privileges that don't exist and the members that I saw during my stay said they were promised but never received. Over all I enjoyed my stay and would go back some day.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a Great Time! For anyone deciding on whether or not to come to this resort, please do. I recently got married on Oct. 15 and stayed here on my honeymoon. My husband and I had a great time. The entire staff was very professional and courteous, even down to the people who were doing grounds work. They treated you like family. The food was good, but be prepaired because they serve potatoes and rice with every meal basically. I enjoyed it, but others may not like this type of food. But they had a wide variety of food to choose from, and each was night at the al la carte buffet was a different culture of food.  If you interested in booking seats for the restaurant, make sure you do so early...they get booked up very quickly. The only real complaint that we would have is that sometimes at the buffet, the service was not all that great because they would take a rather long time to bring you sodas and such. But they tried their hardest with the large number of people that were there.  Make sure you also pack lots of sunscreen and aloe in case you burn. It costs anywhere from $15-25 US for a tiny bottle of sunscreen...so pack a lot. The cigarettes are also very cheap...approx. $2.00 a pack depending on what brand.  Also, if you tip your maid or room cleaner, you get much better service and extra towels, not much, just like $2.00 a day. They really appreciate things like that. We did and they made towel displays and put hand-pickd flowers in our room (depending on who your maid is).  Also try to experience some of the excursions. We went on the four wheel adventure for $70 US for two people. They took you through little towns and to a rum factory where they hand paint glass. They also take you to the beach where there are shops you can buy things from. But watch out ecause they are vultures...they will hassle you to come in their stores and buy stuff. We also went to the Manati Park. It was a lot of fun to swim with the dolphins but it cost $140 for two people and there weren't many other animals within the park, so that was a little disappointing. But it was a nice opportunity to get off the resort and tour the area. Just be aware, it is mainly Europeans that vacation here, so many of the women do not wear their bathing suit tops on the beach!!! Overall, the people were very friendly and it was a nice resort to go to. In the future I would go back to Grand Flamenco for other vacations, and I reccoment it to any travlers that like to relax and have a peaceful, quite, Dominican Republic vacation!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bexs
<Content>Brilliant Holiday My partner and i have just returned from a two week holiday to this hotel. After reading some of the bad reveiws, we weren't to sure what to expect.The hotel and grounds are absolutely lovely, spotlessly clean and tidy. The rooms are also very clean, air conditioning a bit on the noisy side, they even provide you with a coffee percolator and iron.The buffet restaurant had a wide selection of food, meat, fish, salad, pasta and pizza, we stayed in cuba last year, the food was awful, here it was really nice. The beach bar, served good food, after 4pm you could get chips, burgers,hotdogs, pizza and chicken. We also went to the mexican which was ok and the oriental, but you do need to book in advance.The beach was beautiful, white sand and clear water, sometimes the sea was quiet rough, plenty of loungers, but not enough umbrellas, found that you had to be there pretty early to get one. The pool area was really nice, especially the one with the swim up bar.Our only complaint about the holiday was the weather,it rained for nearly a week on and off, we made the most of it and still sat by the pool,or the swim up bar in the rain...!! Still came back with a tan as the sun decided to come out the second week, it was hot.This was a excellent value for money holiday and would recommend it to anyone, ignore the bad reviews, go see for yourself.Any questions feel free to email on the address above.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very relaxing vacantion. We came back on July 31st from a excellent 2 weeks vacantion in Punta Cana-Grand Flamingo.The beach is gorgeous, the food at buttet is good even thou at the end of the period we could not eat the some type of food anymore, but you have the option to go to the a la carte restaurants(if you like meat-'Grill  Steakserve you all kinds of grill meat, very good prepared)we liked also Pizza,Mexican restaurant was also good.Try and make your reservation for the a la carte restaurant in the 1st or 2nd day to make sure you find seats, Italian restaurant seemed to be 1st witch is filled in. Do not need reservation for Pizza. Very clean resort and the service was excellent, we were really impressed by the people who were working there. They were working very hard and long hours, and they never let you feel that; they were always smiling, ready to help you if you need anything- you tip them or not.But a dollar means a lot to them.Very nice people-the Dominicans. Few tips for shoppers: if you stay at Grand Flamenco the ceapest place to shop is Platza Bavaria (we have 2 kids 46 years old and we couldn't walk to far) 5 min walk from the entrance in resort,1'st right.There is another market, 25 min walk on the beach, in between Ocean and Iberostar.You have to bargain, becouse they ask realistic prices. Example: they ask for one picture $160, we bought it for $70, one stone statue: ask price 45$,buy it for $10. If you want to braided your hair, in resort is $50, if you go to Platza Bavaria, you will find ladies who will do the job for $25, $15. We took Out Back Safary trip, $80/person, we enjoy it, we visit the country side, go up in the mountins and learn about the Dominican's hard life(a little bit too long for kids) Negative parts: couldn't sleep very well becouse of the air condition noise. Overall I would come back to this resort.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SalimKent
<Content>Really enjoyable stay We have just returned from this hotel and after reading previous reviews were worried about what we had booked. We needn't have. We were delayed 3 hours on the out-going trip and arrived at about 10.30 pm, just as the restaurants closed. We were dissapointed with the room we were allocated. It had twin and not the doube bed we had requested, was on the ground floor (when we would have prefered on higher floor so that the balcony was a bit more private), and smelt a little musty. We decided to have a drink at the bar and let reception become less crowded. When we did ask they moved us to the 3rd floor in the same block which was a much nicer room and it got better from then on.I thought the food was much better than other all inclusives I've been to. The bar could be busy but the drinks were good and the staff were friendly and very helpful. The al-a-carte restaurants were very good, in particular the Oriental and Italian. The buffet always seemed to have some food cooked fresh, which we prefered as well. I left notes and small tips to ensure that the mini bar was refilled with beer when it ran low.The beach is excellent and the pool area is very good. I have been to hotels which are not so compact and as it was only half full I could imagine that it could get crowded when full, but we had no problems in finding loungers, etc.I felt that it was a very good value for money option.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kbkhkh
<Content>Better than I expected I just returned from a week's stay at this hotel. I must admit, I researched over and over again as to which resort to stay at. The reviews were all over the place that I just pointed my finger at my three last choices and went for it. Firstly, the resort is beautiful. The grounds are superbly maintained. The food was not as bad as some people wrote. If you plan on visiting a Carribean country, you must travel with an open mind. The buffet was great; the variety of food was wonderful. We were disappointed with the other restaurants. The only good restaurant (we were told) is the Oriental, but we couldn't get a reservation because it was full. So make your reservation as soon as you check-in. We were so disappointed in the Mexican and Steak House, that we did not even bother keeping our reservation at the Italian restuaurant...we went back to the buffet. The rooms were another disappointment. We had to move twice (once because of the smell and the other had a leak in the ceiling causing our bed to be drenched one night after a heavy downpour). The housekeeping is another area which is lacking. Never would they provide facecloths unless we asked (and then we were still shorted). Towels were never enough. I had to leave a note almost everyday for soap, but the beds always had beautiful flowers on them everyday. The spa and excursions are overpriced and just ok. The proverty, once you leave the resort is overwhelming (be prepared for a headache from all the badgering). The shows are SPECTACULAR....this was my personal highlight. Don't expect a casino....there are only slot machines.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rachael8000
<Content>Great Pizza!!       Nice quiet  relaxing pool  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>StoDgo
<Content>Terrible Service, Beautiful Beaches We recently went to Grand Flamenco for a short vacation and were thoroughly disappointed with what we got.The service was atrocious at this resort. Upon arrival we waited 30 minutes to check in with no drink wainting for us as was promised. No help with bags, nothing. Front desk clerk was rude and took 20 additional minutes to find our reservation and that is was paid for.Rooms were very standard and not too clean. There were stains on the pillow covers and they were not replaced for the entire stay. We were only given a Pepsi and water inside the rooms. AC however was working well.The food was not impressive at all. The buffet quality was terrible and the serving staff were rude. Good buffet items (such as Paella) would almost never be refilled so you have to show up early and be really quick. Not the feel you want at an all inclusive. Locals and Spanish speaker were always served first regardless of where you are in the queue. I watied over 15 minutes to get an omelet in the morning. Sometimes it takes forevere to find an open table and when staff says that they will get a table for you, nothing happens. You will see them seating others first that entered after you. Very frustrating. The rrestaurants were a little better. Italian food was good and staff friendlier in these restaurants.Entertainment was limited and usually not too excited. We never joined in any activities since they were more geared towards children. Watersports were far better and equipment was readily available. However we waited 45 minutes for catamaran lessons. The schedule said that they would start at 9am so we arrived at 8:45. The lessons did not begin until 10am and they were taking other Spanish speakers first even though we were by far the first to arrive. Staff that taught the classes were very friendly although communications in English was limited.The bars were well stocked and the bartenders made an assortment of drinks. However, bartenders were not well trained and would make up drinks when you ordered. Although they usually tasted ok. Waits at the bar are really long at the main bars but the bars on the beach are much less busy.On the bright side, the grouds are beautiful and the beach was wonderful. However, all of Punta Cana offers beautiful white sand beaches. IT was not busy when we went and it was still impossible to find chaises under the shade. People would reserve the seats with towels and not show up the entire day even though there is a no reservation policy on chairs. Staff would do nothing about it.All in all, this was a bad experience and we will definitely not be going back to the Grand Flamenco. This is supposed to be a 4-5 star all inclusive. It really didn't feel that way. For the money they charge, try and find somewhere else. We have been to resorts in Mexico and Peurto Plata at much less of a cost with much better service.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Vacation My daughter and I just got back from Punta Cana. We had a great time this was our 4th time at this resort. We would not go any other place. The Fun CLub staff our the best. They keep everyone up and moving. If that is what you want if not just lay by one of the 3 pools or the beach. The evening shows are good (of course not Broadway NY) but the dancers and singers are great. And if you hit the Mangu Dance club go around 1am that is when it starts happening. Alot of locals but they are great people. If anyone goes please say hi to the fun club for us....  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst service ever!!!! In a nutshell, the worst hotel experience I've ever had! The grounds are indeed beautiful.....but the service (especially the registration desk staff)are better in $20./night motels. They have truly mastered the art of lying to your face and keeping you guessing as to who the Manager is.Although booking a Grand Concierge Deluxe room with a requested ocean-view, we were placed in a laundry-room view accommodation. Twofull days of haggling with various front desk staff got us finally a pool viewroom with cockroaches and mold smell. At least ten other couples had similar complaints that we met. A honeymooning couple had also been given a similar runaround and never received their honeymoon perks.And still another couple had a diamond bracelet stolen from their room bya maintenance staff burglar(!) rummaging through their luggage. They were asked to keep this event quiet while they relocated them to another room and fired (yeah, right) the perpetrator.The housekeeping staff was pleasant but forgot to visit our rooms for two whole days (i.e. dirty glasses, no replenishment of Pepsi or water, no change of towels). The a la carte restaurants were pitiful. Wished we were at the Melia nearby that had much better reviews. Each of their theme restaurants were devoid of ambiance (no music at all)....and the staff gave you the feeling of eat-and-get-out. Also, we got a notice that the room would be fumigated....but that never happened.Pool and beach were excellent, especially after you figure out how folksreserve prime location beach chairs overnite like they owned them.Overall, I'm a laid back and flexible person when something is less than perfect; but this place tested our patience to its limits almost daily. Have traveled to many places....and Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Canais truly mismanaged.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bloefeld
<Content>Wonderful holiday!! My boyfriend  I have just returned from two weeks at this hotel  we had a wonderful time! We booked our holiday last minute  after reading some of the reviews on this site, we were a little worried that we had made the wrong choice. We needn't have worried! The hotel was great. Our room was a decent size  was kept very clean  tidy by the maid, who was always friendly. The pools were fantastic  the beach was beautiful  we never had any trouble getting sunbeds with an umbrella. There were plenty of restaurants to choose from. As it was low season they had one a la carte restaurant closed each night but they alternated this each day so we never had to miss out. The oriental a la carte was the best restaurant. It had a lovely atmosphere  the food was delicious. The buffet restaurant was good too but towards the end of our stay we did find the food became a bit repetative.The evening entertainment was good. The entertainment team worked very hard to put on different shows each night which we enjoyed but when the shows had finished there wasn't much to keep the evening going. There is a nightclub on site but this didn't really get busy until 1am  as the shows finished at around 11pm, this left a couple of hours with not alot happening.Overall we really enjoyed our holiday  would definatly think of returning again in future. Ignore all the critical reviews on this site!C  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Review Writers are just Whining, This Was Paradise My wife and I went to this resort for our honeymoon, we married Saturday afternoon and we at The Grand Flamenco Punta Cana Monday morning. Our room was not ready until 3pm but as soon as we stepped in the lobby they put our all inclusive wrist bands on so that we could eat and visit the bars until our room was ready. Everything is immaculate and I honestly dont know what these other people could be whining about. We went with Apple Vacations and so we were in building 13 which is Ocean Front. Our room service was fantastic, we tipped our cleaner 10$ the first day, 8$ mid-week and we left her 10$ the last day and everything was perfect. Everyday the tile floor was mopped, she folded and neatly stacked all of our clothes, she left us towels folded into animal figures, she left us extra beach towels, she stocked our Pepsi all but one day, and she even let us into our room twice in a row when I accidentally locked my wife and I onto our porch due to the locking glass doors. As for service at the restaurants... Huge Smiles and drinks galore! Im not into alcohol but I love icee's. All week, at every meal or just walking around I had either a Banana Mama or Pina Colada (no alcohol) in my hand. At dinner every night they want to serve you a drink and the bottled water never stops flowing. Every restaurant was delicious too. The main lunch buffet isnt the best but they have an ocean front buffet for lunch time as well and it is non-stop goodness. My wife loves french fries and catsup but she especially loved Domican catsup because it has more vinegar than American catsup does.And that is another great point. We are not in America or Europe or wherever folks... you willingly paid alot of money to go to the Dominican Republic so their are going to be a few changes in food. Lets say someone who has never been to America comes here from Mexico. If they walk in to a local Taco Bell and order a Burrito, its not going to taste exactly like one from back home because we put an American twist on it but keep the name. So, when you go to the Domican Republic and pick up something that looks just like Apple Pie, dont expect it to taste exactly like American Apple Pie, beacuse it just wont, it will have a Domican twist, But its still really good!As for the beach, the weather, the guests, the pool, the comfort and all of the above, this truly is a paradise. We loved every minute. Take a walk down the beach if you get a chance. Also! They're are a lot of umbrellas at the beach but get out there early to reserve one then go back to bed for a bit and then go back out and enjoy your spot. As for the four reservation only dinner restaurants try them all! They are all delicious. Try to set aside a night as well though where you dont get reservations but you just eat and the buffet because it is good as well. Welp, I loved it, I hope you do to. I also hope this was helpful and if you have any questions at all I would be more than happy to answer them for you.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mr-bEssexUK
<Content>Poor service lets this Hotel/resort down       Night time around the pool  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TooHot2HandleNow
<Content>The Flamenco was Grand!!! ;)       Entrance to the main lobby  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst service, Do not waste your time The service is poor, the front desk is the worst. They will yes, you to death and smile in your face when you approach them. My husband and 3 of my friends went to gether on this trip 2 rooms, both of which had to be changed. Linen was hard to come by, unless you had a good maid, that you paid and each day and told you the same thing: THERE ARE NO WASHCLOTHS. Our power was also out for atleast a day, we were told that it was the whole resort, inreality it was only our building as we had found out from other guests. The entertaiment was good if you were 10, otherwise awful. Fetch your own supplies and make your own drinks at the pool bar, always ran out of something, and the bartender was too lazy to refill. When our room was moved, airconditioning was broke for 2 days, someone at the front desk, Yelled and stated What do you want me to do about it Poor service and the rating 4 what a joke.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>KatWebb
<Content>Loved this place - Does Fabio still work there??? Stayed at this hotel last year for 3 weeks and had the best time ever. The whole place, the rooms, the staff, the beach, the food - everythings was just great.We were going to go back this year but were talked into staying at a superior hotel by our travel agents - what a mistake. It was awful in comparison.To make up for it we are now planning another trip and this time will not be talked out of going back here but was wondering if anyone could please let me know if Fabio still works there? He was in the bar at the top of the stars by the pizza place when we went?? I would love to know as I would like to take him some things if he is.Also, if you want any more info on the hotel, please feel free to e-mail me on katwebb05@yahoo.co.uk  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible hotel! Find somewhere else to stay! I traveled to many places with my family. However, this resort/hotel is the worst place I ever stayed at. Although, the grounds are beautiful, it does not make up for anything else. First off, the hotel overbooks. My family and I had to fight for a room believe it or not! We were not the only guests fighting for a room. After three hours of the hotel blaming the travel agency we finally recieved a room. One cannot relax anywhere this hotel is so overcrowed. Except of course, in ones room.The service is awful. The hotel is understaffed in all areas. The food at the buffet was terrible and also the at food the restaurants. So, it does not make a difference where you eat. Finally, the guest are fighting for the huts on the beach. I mean fighting! Calling managers, security, screaming etc. Not a pleasant place to stay. Find somewhere else to stay.I am not kidding! You'll be sorry if you do even though it's a 4to5 star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>1	3	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever!       Beach  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Place I have been in many hotels, this is one fo the best. I could not believe, the beautiful reception area. I was greeted with a nice refreshing beverage, the reception desk, very friendly and helpful. I am planning my return trip now. If your the type, that want to stay at the resort, no problem. It is that nice and relaxing,you can actually sleep in, the beach is very nice. They have activities for the children. I cannot say enough good things about this place.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sauggy Experience Roofs all leaked especially in the hotel rooms  roof over buffet - well it COLLAPSED in. One of the WORST vacations ever spent money on. But, we have been notified that the repairs have been modified some time in the beginning of 2005.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>1	5	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>flamenco
<Content>Vacation For All Ages       Main Entrance  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutly fantastic!! I would like to say how much I enjoyed my holiday at the hotel!!I arrived home 2 days ago and I'm desperate to return already.The beach is stunning. The food and drink was excellent for an all inclusive resort; there was plenty of variety.... I definatly recommend the pizzaria! The Animation team is 1st class; they keep you entertained all day with dances, games and exercises. I found the peoeple so friendly and have made some very good friends.I also recommend Mangu, (the disco on the resort)! Many good nights out had there!I'm jelous of you all that still have your time there to look forward to! Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A lovely holiday Had a good flight with thomson although very tired when we got to the dominican. Was taken to our room by cart after a good and efficient check in. Was in block 13 on the second floor, had a sea view which was superb. However when i looked at our beds was a little confused as there was two small beds that were smaller than double beds and two pillows. I booked a room for two adults and my two children who are twelve and eight. There was no way that my children would sleep in the same bed especially one that small. My husband went to the reception and explained the situation , they brought a fold away bed to the room and we had to go and ask a maid for an extra pillow. This was not what i expected for a four star hotel, i have never stayed anywhere that didn't have enough bed space. Anyway we decided to make the best of a bad situation as we liked the view and didn't want to move rooms (not as if we had the choice). The grounds were very clean and well maintained . The beach was great although the beds with the shade would have towels on them by 6.00am. They did provide more beds around the pool after a few days as there were none available at 8.00am so ended up on the grass. The food was alright lots of variety they do well to cater for everyone although it did become crowded and felt like it was a contest to weave in and out to get back to your table.The complex overall very good lots of bars to get drinks and never had to wait too long. Didnt watch the evening entertainment as there was no tables and chairs to sit on only rows of chairs at the front of stage it became very hot, we used to go down to the beach bar where there was a nice breeze although they shut the bar at 10.30 which was disappointing.My only real complaint was of couse the bed situation and the room itself. This is a four star hotel however the rooms were more of a two/three star standard. there was no mini bar as stated only a bottle of water and pop.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jen01
<Content>not a 4.5 star We travelled a lot like st-marteen,aruba, st-thomas are ours favorites islands.....This time I gave a chance to punta cana????? Be very carefull with pools....the water is too hot = full of bacterias! The food was o.k. The service at resto is average....It's a new hotel director and his major priority is to save $$$$$ everywhere!!! So cut here, cut there. The employee are not happy, they even tell you!!! There is no kids club there !!!!!!!! TRUST me ! That was my first thing, I wanted 2 hrs a day for me, but forget it!! No activities, no supervision at all! The hotel is very clean, beds and towells.It's an o.k. hotel if you have a great deal$$$$  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Perfect! After reading some bad reviews, I've decided to say something. I don't know people's expectations, but I just got back a week ago and I loved it.The food was fine, lots of variety. I never bothered to go to the other restaurants because I liked the buffet. I always stayed at the beach and there was tons of music and things to do. The entertainment was great, better than other resorts and the Fun Club was hilarious. Plus there is a club called Mangu and I loved it.........went every night! True I didn't have hot water on most nights, but who cares. Had to steal extra towels when the maid wasn't looking, but nothing to get upset over. The people who love to complain should just stay home. These people work so hard and manage to smile and I bet it's not easy putting up with spoiled North Americans or Europeans for that matter.  So if you are laid back and easy going, go and enjoy you'll loved it!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mess up We have been to ST. DOMINGO several times on the past and this has to be the worst ever.This hotel call themself a 4 star, but on my book they don't even reach 2 and that is pushing it.The hotel administration sucks, the place has gone down in quality so much it's indescriptible and incredible, starting from the food to the entertaiment it sucks.It is a shame because the arquicthectural and the structure dessing are beutifull by itself, but the management are incompetent and careless for the tourists,for instance let me describe some of our problems , we were a grup of 12 and wrote a letter to the hotel 2 months in advance explaining that we wanted to be all on the same building , and it was a dissaster we were placed spread out in different buildings and not even close one to the other, the other one, I pay for an ocean view room and it wasn't until the 3rd. day that i din't get it , and on top of that it wasn't a full ocean view and the room din't have hot water the 1st. day we got it, the food was terrible and the timing even worst , not enough entertaiment , no music of any kind around the pools, bars were supposed to close at 7:00 pm they did close allrigth but 1 1/2 hr. before they were supposed to.To make a long story short, there were not a single employee from the bartenders to the maid that make up our room that were happy to be working on that enviorement because they all like to be tipped and since most of the guest were not happy they were not getting any tips.On the other hand i would like to thanks all of the individuals and empoyees that try to make our stay at THE HELL HOTEL a little more suitable.This dosen't means that we would not go back to ST. DOMINGO, this is a beutifull place to visit and we have a lot of good memories from past visits,but certanly we will never stay at the HELL HOTEL again.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! I will begin by telling you that I research this resort with everyone for months and the results where Fantastic.We were at the Royal Club but let me tell you that outside the Royal Club it is also a very good experience......Food, wow, every kind of food you can imagine is there, well cook food with a very large variety; if u can not find anything there to eat you just dont eat anything!The people are very friendly, there are a lot of activities to do day and night. There night shows are very good and a different one every day!The hotel is beautiful, the beach is like they said One of the top 10 beaches in the World! what else do u want? I have been to many caribbean islands and this beach is the top of the notch!The employees are hard working people that live faraway and go home every 15 days or so, will do anything to accomodate you and your family. I went with my husband, 15 and 6 year old kids and they had a ball!There is very little time to get bored....If you choose to go to the restaurants, make sure you bring long pants that are very light in weight it is warm at night.Restaurant: The Mexican is the only one we did not like....We stood at building no. 20, and had 2 balconies to the beach, if you are a beach person you want to get a room close to the beach, bare in mind this hotel is really really large........., if you are a pool person where ever you are you will be fine, they have 2 huge pools when I tell u huge they are huge pools!The drinks are on all the time together with the Sun. Tip your servants they really work about 12 hours a day and so do your maids......Have fun!, I will go again, and again, and again., it is a beautiful country with wonderful people.Lots of Canadian, British, some hispanics and of course Europe.If u smoke the cigarettes in the Hotel are only 3.00 dollars!BRING LOTS OF SUNTAN LOTION!I booked everything thru TURMAYA it is a travel agent based in the City of Santo Domingo and they will provide u with an outstanding service. They have been in the Hotel business for over 20 years. Ask for Fausto (Tony) Mendoza.If u stay at the Royal Club ask for Nicholas and Oliva, they were at building 20 and they were the best!Do tip your maid a couple of dollars a day, they really work hard for your comfort and make very little money.....  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>educator1
<Content>Bad Bad service         
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon from Hell! Where do I begin? We鈥檝e been to Occidental Grand Xcaret, and absolutely loved it. We loved it so much, that we decided to spend our honeymoon at another one of their hotels, Grand Flamenco Punta Cana. What a big mistake? And the worst part of it all is, when anyone asks you 鈥淗ow was your honeymoon?鈥?It鈥檚 always embarrassing to tell them the truth, TERRIBLE! That鈥檚 how I can describe our stay here. I have to say, the grounds were beautiful: Beautiful beach, beautiful grounds, and an enormous pool. They worked very hard to keep the place beautiful. We were especially thankful to the person who cleaned our room, Osvaldo. He made everything very special by fresh fruits, rum, flowers on the bed, and creative d茅cor from towels. He was well rewarded. Now, for the useless front desk personnel, who I absolutely despise! Occidental, I really suggest that proper training is lacking here. It seems that every time we really need something, it鈥檚 like pulling teeth to get it! Our bed practically had a sink in the middle, like it was broken 鈥?We called up every day, and the front desk just yes鈥檈d us to death. Everyday, they said they are working on it. I鈥檓 still waiting for that phone call as of today for a room change! There were several other incidences, but I am not getting into that. But the final straw was the day we had to leave. We had the biggest down pour the day we were leaving, all the pools were overflowing, and everything was flooded. We called up the front desk at least 1 陆 hours before check out, and asked them to bring our luggage up front because we did not want them to be soaked by the time we reached up front. After waiting all that time, no one showed up. We called several times, and they always say, someone is on their way. At that time, I knew that we were cutting it short, and may miss our ride to the airport. We lugged it in the rain, and drenched. Thankfully, one of the staff saw us in distress, and helped us. When we reached up front, the bus was there, and wanted to leave. We were so upset, and the front desk was chuckling. This is so uncalled for. Another annoying thing was the time-share rep; you would have to pretend that you didn鈥檛 hear them, and run for the hills! One of the reps was a nice gentleman, and he asked us just to come up to the room so he can get a little commission; he gets commission by just luring people. Fine! We did it. But when we got there, this strong talking salesman refused to let us walk out of that door. Com鈥檕n! Enough already. Xcaret was not this bad!Now on the food and drink 鈥?I hope you like mashed potatoes, because this is what they served breakfast, lunch and dinner. The first day, ooohhh.. Paella, flan and flamb茅, but after the 8th day, we had it! I don鈥檛 even want to see that food for as long as I live. There was no variety, and the food was just stale and bland. Where is the authentic Dominican dishes, hardly ever in sight! We went to the steakhouse a鈥檒a carte, and I think they forgot to turn on the air conditioning, because my husband was the one roasting! It was ok, but everyone couldn鈥檛 wait to run out of there to get some air! Again, the food was overdone, and yuk! Forget about the drinks, I have not seen one top shelf liquor the whole time I was there. Everything was watered down, and just cheap. We got up with headaches.The security guard even tried to lure us to one of their stores; yes, we got ripped off in the cigar shop there. For those snackers, make sure and bring your own snacks there! The hotel would charge you $7 us for a bag of chips. And $30 for sunscreen! I rather get scorched! I have so much to say, that it鈥檚 just worthless writing it all down. I鈥檝e traveled to many places, and they weren鈥檛 at all 5 stars. But they had so much better of everything. My point is, save your money, and spend it where it鈥檚 well deserved. We all look forward to our vacations and work hard for it. You don鈥檛 want to have the same experience as we did. I couldn't wait to get home!if you still want to know more about this place, email me..  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible resort My husband and several extended family members stayed at this resort for four days at the beginning of July. We are all over 25 and we are well travelled and a culturally diverse group. We all felt that this resort falls very short of a 5 star rating in all areas. From the start, the trip had disaster written all over it. After arrival at the airport, the tour company who was supposed to provide transfers to the hotel from the airport only sent a small minivan for about 20 guests that arrived on our flight. Only the first four people fit into the van and the rest of us were told to get our own cab, pay for it and get a receipt, and the front desk would reimburse us when we got to the hotel. Upon arrival at the hotel, of course the front desk people know nothing about this and refused to pay us back for the trip. Later in the trip we discovered that this is in fact a common practice there as many other people were trying to receive reimbursements at the front desk. Don't fall for this scam!When we tried to check in, they asked us if we wanted to upgrade to the Royal Club for an aditional $15 USD per person per day. That sounded like a great deal so we all travelled to the Roayl Club check in area at the opposite end of the property. Once there, we were informed that once again we had received the incorrect info and the price was actually going to be and additional $300! We took a look around the Royal Club to see if is was worth it- and its not. So we had to go back to the main desk and check in there without even an acknowledgement by the staff that they had misinformed us and caused us to waste a lot of time. The front desk staff is very unhelpful and rude and no one takes responsibility for anything. Also, there is never a manager available to speak to. Our room was below average- no where near a 5 star rating. Very cheap linens and towels, small TV, old bathrooms. The minibar only had one Pepsi, one 7-Up and a gallon of water to use to brush your teeth. The minibar was refreshed only once in four days eventhough we left the maid a tip daily. The beach is beautiful. However, I am from Miami, and it is not very different from the beaches here. The beaches are very crowded and we could never find chairs because people put there towels out on them and then go around the rest of the resort. Because the resorts are all in a row, they share the beach so there is a lot of activity there. If you want to do any watersports, make a reservation as soon as you arrive. Because there are so many people, nothing is ever available. The beach is also very noisy because of all of the people.The food and drinks are terrible! Even the beer- Presidente, which is usually great beer- was watered down in the kegs. They give you tiny little plastic cups for your drinks and the bars are very spread out and far from many portions of the beach. The food is recycled day after day. It is really disgusting to see food that you saw at the buffet the night before being served for breakfast, but they have no problem with that. The restaurants are not any better... very disappointing. we went off property to a local restaurant called Langosta del Caribe one night to try to have one good meal. No luck though! The setting of the restaurant is nice but the food was very expensive ($75 for lobster) and below average. The best thing of all was the scheduled power outage that we had. On Saturday night, they turned off all the power in the entire resort for two hours. That means no air conditioning, which was miserable. I don't know how often this happens, but at least know that it is a possibility. Overall, this resort was so bad that we almost left after only two days. Anywhere in the caribbean is better than the Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana! Stay Away!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babye
<Content>Loved it Myself and four girlfriends stayed here last October. We have been to Punta Cana five times and each time stayed at different resorts; all above four stars. We loved this resort and are going back again this October. The staff are very helpful and friendly and we never had trouble getting assistance when needed. We never waited to get drinks at the bar and the line ups at the buffet moved quite fast. We made many friendships with the staff and were very well taken care of. The disco Mangu is the most popular on the strip with locals and tourists. We went everynight. One thing we did not like were the pushy and rude Europeans who pretend they don't understand English and don't think they should wait in line. They also find it appropriate to walk around topless on the beach when most of them should'nt even be in a bathing suit let alone a bikini. Makes you want to lose your lunch. Make the effort to learn some Spanish sayings and words. The locals appreciate your effort and will try and make conversation with you. Being friendly can go a long way with locals. Remember, you are a guest in their coountry. Respect the people around you, and you shall get it ten fold in return. They will remember you the next time you visit.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't believe negative reviews Like most travelers we don't want nasty suprises so we read every thing we could about this resort. We read some bad reviews about this one andalmost cancelled and went with another chain. Boy am I glad we did not.We had a wonderfull time. The resort was spotless every day including the beach. All the tings about not being able to get a chair is nonsense therewas always something available and great sand sculptures to look at in the mornings. Reservations for dinner always available and the entertainment was fantastic. the service throughout the resort was perfect. Had a greattime and want to go back right now. Perfect place for a getaway. The only word to the wise is do not go to the flea market on the beach stick to the one in town that is where best buys and most trust worthy people are. The flea market on the beach had very close quarters and people were all over you. We had a very bad feeling about this they practically chased us down the beach yelling to come back. This place is a healthy walk from the beach and not worth it. Go to this resort you'll love it.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely beautiful       the beach  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shazzab6969
<Content>Not a five star - save your money This hotel was awful - we waited 2 hours to get booked in as our tour company hadn't told the hotel we were coming, the reception staff were extremley unhelpful.The pool and grounds are nice but the rooms need a refurb, they smell musty and the bed linen feels damp and smells damp, our room was dirty and the bathroom ceiling leaked water from above, everyone seems to play musical rooms as so many people want to change rooms because of problems. We got moved the second day to a better room, at least it was clean, but no ceiling fan, that night we had a leak from above into our wardrobe and some of my clothes got sopping wet with what smelled like urine.The food was boring and the al a carte were an experience. The Italian is the only one worth bothering with.The queue to get into the buffet was about 100 people deep most nights and took about 30 minutes, there are not enough staff to cope with the high numbers.If you dont speak spanish, then expect a long queue at the bar, they serve the spansih first then the americans, try waving a 5 dollar bill that helped.I would rate this hotel as a 3 star at the most and the rooms are only a 2, will not be returning EVER.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not stay here again! ARRIVALWe stayed at this hotel for one week. From the very begining we arrived there were problems. I had booked a Junior Suite room with four months in advanced and it was confirmed. When the front desk handed me the key and went to the room it was not a Junior Suite room but a standard room. We then headed back to the lobby to let them know that there had been a mistake. Their management said that they never confirmed that room and that there was none avaiable for us. They offer us a room with beach front view and a little bigger than a standard room. At first we were very upset and started calling our travel agent but there was nothing they could do except to refund us the difference in pricing. We speak spanish and were able to communicate with the employees very well. We found out that the reason we were bumped was because the hotel had over booked the Jr. Suites to the VIP members. VIP members get special treatment, better rooms, lobster, and their own little beach. This was really upsetting but we decided to let it go and enjoy our vacation.FOODThe food at the buffet is not what a five star hotel should be. The pancakes for breakfast are horrible and the chocolate ice cream has a weird flavor. Chocolate should taste like chocolate but it doesn't, weird! The food at the restaurants is good but you have to reserve it as soon as you get there.ENTERTAINMENTThe entertainment at this hotel is very good! It was the only thing we look forward to each evening.OVERALLThe people that work at this hotel are very nice and work very hard for you. I would never stay at this hotel and would not recommended to anyone. This is an old hotel and it shows in some parts. I would recommend staying at the Barcelo chain of hotels or to stay at a new built hotel but do not stay at an Occidental hotel. Each Occidental hotel have their own way of doing things even though they are the same chain. At Barcelo, however, you could visit any other Barcelo chain of hotels for free and their food is way better. I would rank this hotel as a category of 3 stars.By the way, if you want to receserve a shade by the beach you'll need to get up at five in the morning since they are taken very quickly. Even as early as 5:00am there are people walking towards the beach to reserve a spot.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a disaster We have just returned from a week at the Occidental Grand Allegro, Punta Cana. From the point of check-in, the vacation was a total disaster. Check in took over 3 hours, and there were only a half dozen people in line. The room was not what we reserved, and was located next to the enertainment complex, which was very loud at night. We asked for another room because we couldnt sleep, and they gave us a room with no air conditioning. The next day, we asked for another room, and they checked us into a room that was already occupied. Finally on the 3rd day of the vacation, we got what we reserved in a quiet area of the resort. -The food was terrible; both my wife and I got sick by mid-week. Limited food selection of questionalble quality. Specialty restaurants were even worse. The Steakhouse was a joke. They brought out the meat on skewers, which you didn't know what it was, because the server didn't speak english, some was overcooked, some was undercooked, none of it tasted good. Most of the employees did not speak english, including those at the front desk and restaurants. The management was not attentive to the problems, and didn't appear to care about our problem with the rooms. The evening entertainment sucked; mostly in spanish with spanish music. The service was terrible; they didn't clean up around the pool area, and by mid-afternoon, it was a mess. No pool-side service for drinks or food.The only redeeming aspect of the trip was the beach, which was quite spectacular. I would not recommend this resort to my worse enemy; it was truly a nightmare.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely but wouldnt stay again Me and my boyfriend both in out early 20's arrived back from this resort 4 days ago. We have very bad weather for the first few days with hurrican dennis which we had not bargined for being early july, but the rest of the weather was very hot with the occassional rainy hours and cloud. This complex overall is very beautiful, with a sumptious reception and great pools.POOLS AND GROUNDS:The main pool is great is very large with lots of of little shallow areas where you can sit and soak up the sun. It also features an impressive fountain area and there are plenty of loungers all throughout the day even in the late afternoon. The smaller pool near the beach is much quieter and ideal if you want to just relax with a book. The general grounds are also being cleaned and pruned buy workmen and are generally in good condition.THE BEACH:The beach is absolutly stunning very soft, white sand and beautiful clear turquoise waters. Although these can be fairly choopy and not alwatys ideal for kids as the waves can be quite strong. There was always plenty of loungers by the beach altough when we got there at 9am all teh shaded one already had towels on them, not good if you are burnt but it didnt bother us as we are sun bunnies. We didnt get hassled by anyone trying to sell us anything and it was quiet peacful dispite the boats and watersport and the amount of people there.THE ROOM:We stayed in block 26 which i would say is perfect 1 minute walk to beach, next to the small pool, 4 minute walk to the bars and restuarants but you could never hear the noise at night. When we first saw this we were impressed however my only real complaint of teh holiday was the room. Firstly it was doubled booked and as we spoke to other guestswe found this was a common problem, with people walking in your room when you was laying on your bed. It was definately not worth the stars it was given and needed updating. Our tv didnt work and our water kept going so we couldnt even flush the loo, also our block kept having power cuts which meant no air con. When we had problems with our room we had to go the recpetion, they were so slow at responding, sometimes a day and sometimes not even responding. The room was big but very basic and although you dont spend much time there on hol it is still nice to come back to a nice relaxing room.THE FOOD:I am half and half here. The a la cartes were mixed, we were disspapointed that we had to book 4 days in advance and after that learnt to book them for the whole 2 weeks. On a coomplex such as this the meal at night is the main source of entertainment and the mexican was so bland and over quickly. The food was limited with very little choices, this was alos true of the grill where they just brought out food and put it on tour plate. We only went here once and learnt not to go back. On a brighter note the orrintal was absolutly stunning, you feel like you are on another complex as soon as you walk in, it is beautiful and the staff are so friendly you could spent hours in there. It has a more personal touch with the staff remebering you the next time you went in. The food was also lovely and presented so well. This was also true of the italian where teh service was great as was the food. The pizza place was nice although we waited for an hour once and there are no starters so you are just sitting there.The buffet was average although they have starnge perceptions on continental dinning. There was mashed potatoe and sprouts for breakkie. Sometimes we got there then walked out as the food was so random and they didnt even have chips or any backup for fussy eaters. The buffet by the beach is nmuch much better and although only serves lunch is great and really lovely, posh surroundings. Home run is also ok for your burger and chip fix but again is only open in the day.BARS AND ENTERTAINMENT:The entertainment was very good and they were very inventive putting in a great performance which was different for the whole 2 weeks we were there. The bars were also fab and its amazing what a tip can do. Overall the grounds were stunning, esp the beach the rooms were shabby and the laid back attitude proved frustrating when you had a problem. I would not go here again as we only liked 2 of the places we ate and the buffet was not up to the standards of a five star as were the room, but i would come to bravoro again and def stay somewhere else. Hope this helps anyone who is thinking of going.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ilikedr
<Content>I am looking forward to next year! I went to Dominican Republic on the week of June 26-July 3rd. This was my second time over there, but we made the mistake to land and departure from La Romana (cheaper airfare). Someone from the Resort was waiting for us to drive us to the Hotel (from La Romana to Punta Cana is about 2 1/5 hours driving)鈥ot fun at all! I was dizzy and anxious to get out of the car. The good thing was that we did some sight seeing, etc.Check In 鈥?Super fast, we got our room immediately. We had building 11, right by the pool, excellent location. They gave us only one key (we were 4 in one room), we didn鈥檛 realize that you can get a second key upon request, it was an inconvenience but it was due to misinformation. Rooms 鈥?Very clean, comfortable mattresses + pillows but the rooms were outdated. Bathroom was pretty rusty, spacious, just ok. *Make sure you take a shower before peak hours (7-8:30pm) if you don鈥檛 you will not be able to enjoy hot water.Beach 鈥?I simply loved the beach, I took long naps under palm trees and relaxed! One thing about the beach is that people go at night and reserve their spots. For example, we would wake up at 5:00am go to the beach and many of the umbrellas were already taken, we asked one of the security guards and he said that people go at night and reserve. So, do that too if you want an umbrella or else you will be fried by day 2 of your vacation.Shops 鈥?I went to the flea market by the beach, I bought a couple things, make sure you bargain because they are 鈥渢igers鈥?over there.Food 鈥?The a la carte restaurants sucked! But the buffet was good enough for me, I always found something to eat  I am a picky eater. Don鈥檛 waste your time going to the restaurants, the food is terrible.Drink/Bars 鈥?Our group always tipped the bartenders, we can鈥檛 really complaint about the drinks we had, they were pretty good. My family also belongs to the Allegro VIP club, so we would go up to the VIP section and have drinks made with imported alcohol.Kids Club 鈥?The girls at the kids club were very nice and caring (Milly, Neidy, and Chuchu) I used to go to the kids club and just talk to them for a while. Show/Entertaiment 鈥?You can鈥檛 never go bored at this resort鈥here are aerobic classes, stretching, volleyball tournaments, games, etc. One thing I did enjoy was the adult show, very latin! Loved the colorful customs, the singers were pretty good, and some of the dancers were very skilled. Those people work hard to give us 1 hour of entertainment, I鈥檇 see them every day practicing. The show is definitely worth watching!Nightlife 鈥?Out of my 7 nights I went to Mangu 3 times. I had great time with the locals (I speak Spanish and dance to all that Spanish music as well). The music was fabulous, and the atmosphere could be a bit intimidating due to the large amount of locals. There were also many Americans, lots of people from Miami and everyone seemed to get along super well (at least I thought so).This Hotel is NOT a 5 star resort, I don鈥檛 really care because I got a good price for my stay and I had fun regardless of its category. Overall I had a wonderful stay and I plan to go back to the same resort next year. I made many friends; in fact I plan to stay in contact with them. I am super excited and looking forward to my next vacation at Dominican Republic. I simply love Dominican people and their culture.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Grand Flamenco Punta Cana We got back a few weeks ago from our trip to Punta Cana. We stayed at the resort from June 1-8, 2005. It was my two children, mother, sister and aunt. I must say that I did alot of research on this resort and read all of the reviews, good and bad. I took alot of the advise and had a wonderful time. The airport at Punta Cana was GORGEOUS!! I loved it!! (No air conditioning, though)Just a warning, the check in process was the worst. We had booked two rooms for 4 adults and two children. Upon our arrival, they had our reservation as only one room. Had to wait three hours for our rooms. The front office staff needs to learn a few things when it comes to accomodating the guest. Not even tipping them worked!!!! Be patient and stay calm. Once in our rooms, we found that they were very spacious. Two full size beds in each room. You can ask for a nice twin size cot for no extra charge. Plenty of towels and toiletry items. The housekeeper, was very friendly, we tipped her everyday. Made nice swans and hearts out of the towels with flowers. Decorated around our sinks and tub with flower petals. Very nice. Be sure to give tips directly to them. The hotel grounds and lobby were absolutely GORGEOUS!! Everything was spotless. Even the common areas. The Spa Metamorphosis was beautiful. The prices were very reasonable. The adults in our group got 1 hour full body massages for just $50.00 US. Try Griselle she was wonderful.The beach ... one word, BREATHTAKING!!! The water was crystal clear and calm. As nice as Florida beaches are, they could not compare to this beach. MARVELOUS!! No trouble finding a spot. Specialty restaurants we so, so. The restaurant  Las Reses was the best one of them all. The rest of time, we had the buffet. The hostesses, Victoria and Charo were great. They always saved us a nice table. The servers, Gabriel and Luis were very nice and accomodating. The staff is very nice. They are humble, hard working people. They work for 11 days straight before getting 3 days off. Most of them live very far from the resort, some as far as 7 hours away. They live on site and are away from their family and children for all this time. Be nice and kind to them. The will bend over backwards for you.The Kids Club, did not visit it. But walked past it and it seemed very nice. My kids stayed with me the whole time. Tried the Manati Park swimming with the dolphins excursion. My son (11 years old) loved it. The hotel activities are nice also. Parasailing, banana boat, snorkeling and scuba are not part of the package, but are reasonably priced. Get the braids done off resort. The small town is just a few minutes walk from the resort. You can get good shopping done ther also. Resort wanted to charge $50.00 US to do braids on my 3 year olds hair!! At a small shop in town, I paid $15.00 US for her braids. Word of caution. Haggle, haggle, haggle. They will negotiate the prices down if you haggle with them. Walk away if you have to.  Pack extra sunscreen, Imodium, Benadryl, OFF, with 25-30% Deet, anti-biotics, cold medicine, solarcaine (in case of sunburns.) Bring all of your medication with you. I packed all of these things and did not need them at all. We did not get sick at all. The one thing this resort needs to improve on (Besides the front desk staff) is the FOOD. If you are mindful of what you eat and are careful you will not get sick. Please watch what you eat. Look at the meats and if it looks funny don't eat it. If it looks undercooked, have them cook it further. We stuck to foods we normally eat. After reading some of the reviews, I did not want to chance getting sick. Especially my two children. Had eggs well done, stayed away from the pork, and sausages. Had lots of fruits and veggies. The home made ice cream is out of this world. Always squeezed some limes over our foods before eating them. Go with an open mind and you will be fine. Animation staff was nice. They tried really hard to keep things varied and interesting. WARNING!!! Parents with small children, keep in mind that there are alot of Europeans at this resortt and they don't think anything of being topless at the beach or pool. Had to explain this to my son and daughter on our second day there. After that, they got pretty much used to it. REMEMBER, you are embarking on an adventure to a third world country. Things are not going to be like they are at home. If you want home, stay home!!! If you want fun, sun and relaxation, go to Grand Flamenco Punta Cana.Overall, had a wonderful time at the resort. Will go again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Monsterman
<Content>An Honest review from a Canadian       My Wife Dancing w/Fun Club  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Shannie
<Content>Loved it!!! My best friend and I went to this resort a few years ago and we had an unbelievable time. I just recently found out about trip advisor and wanted to let everyone know who is thinking about going to this resort to go-- without hestiation.The staff was incredible, our room was beautiful and clean and the beach was absolutely breathtaking!!! We met some amazing people at the disco and some have remained friends years later...The disco was a lot of fun too!!! Food was nothing to write home about but neither of us got sick - you just have to be smart about what you eat.... Have fun - this resort is awesome!!! Say hi to Wande at Mangu!!! He is fantastic!!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>seetheworld50
<Content>quit whinning - its fine!!! Arrived back today from a two week stay, as others have mentioned the grounds, pool and public areas of this hotel are exceptional, the staff work extremely hard to kept them spotlessly clean. The rooms are fully air conditioned (very welcoming after a day in 90 degree heat) the rooms are maybe a little dated but hey no one ever died because of a speck of rust on the bath tub! We tried all the restaurants and couldnt say a bad word about them. Of course some of the food my seem a little unconventional but remember you are in a third world country and isnt the idea of a holiday to sample other cultures and ways of life - if your not happy stay at home and eat mcdonalds! There were not a lot of kids (English anyway) in this resort but the animation team were very good, the evening show started at 10pm and was very professional and entertaining, the men in the audience certainly enjoyed the costumes!! We had no problems whatsoever getting sunbeds by any of the pools or on the beach with shades, no 6am dash with towels needed!. If you like excursions the Monster Safari is well worth the money - see the real Dominican Republic, Manati Park is okay but they try to rip you off when you get in, wanted to charge $2 to use our own camara to take photos! Be a little forgiving and you will have an excellent holiday - carribeans are a lot more laid back and things do take longer. Word of Warning if you are travelling with kids or like your peace in the evening avoid block 10 its right next to the lobby and the noise from the bar and stage can be very loud - best blocks for quiet are 13 and 26 (which we were in) right next to the beach and furthest away from the noise.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch what you eat! Hi,Just back from Grand Flamenco. It is true what the reviews say about the hotel, as it is very spectacularwith wonderful kind staff.The grounds are lovely and the lobby is fabby.The rooms are big and very clean. We were a party of two adults and3 kids and there was plenty of room. The maids came in and filledthe fridge each day, gave us clean towels and bed linen. They spentages cleaning and making sure that the room was nice making towelswans with flowers.We heard that they get paid only $3 each day and work for up to 9 hoursfor 11 days in a row, getting only 3 days off. We tipped they daily and leftlittle pressies for them, and they were so grateful.The staff in the restaurants and bars are also wonderful, bending overbackwards to help you. One of the nice ladies 'Victoria' from the buffetrestaurant was so wonderful with our kids, they loved her.The beach and pool are fab too. Watch our for the food though. First few days was great until we startedto get sick and have very bad stomach pains resulting in upset stomachs which lasted two weeks! Talking to lots of others in the resort, showed mostpeople had the same problem.Food cooked for dinner, you will get for breakfast, kids hated the food andwas the same most days.Snack bar at pool was shut, and can only get snacks from 4pm to 6pmat beach bar. No sandwiches for lunch, only meats and veg, pasta. Tooheavy for us at lunch time and the salads were a definate no unless youwant a worse stomach!Entertainment very professionally done, but we were in building 10 andthe music goes on till past 2am so you havent much chance of a niceearly night!.Watch out for gigantic cockroaches. My 11 year old was walking out pastthe main lobby and started screaming that she felt something on her back.When I saw what it was I screamed and ran for my husband. It was brownand about 3-4 inches in length with pincers! He couldnt get it off her cosit was running up and down and around front and back of her dress so fast!Took good few mins before he got it off and the maid tried to kill it by hitting it with a big bottle. This did not work and it was still crawling 3 hourslater so my husband kicked it a couple of times to knock it out. Aarggh itwas horrible. On talking to a few guests, it seems they were in some of therooms too, but luckily not ours or I would not have stayed there. Been allover the world and have never seen any cockroach that size! The maid saidshe doesnt often see them but they do bite!Overall would go back to visit the staff and beach but not for the food, yuck!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>XxbEcKa*GAxX
<Content>Had an EXCELLENT TIME!!!! I stayed at the Grand Flamenco Punta Cana on June 7-June 14 2005. I was terrified before I arrived at the resort!! We booked the trip at the last minute and I didn't get a chance to research the hotel before booking. After booking the trip, I read all of the reviews on this site and was expecting the worst, but I was pleasantly suprised!We had a room in building 15, right in the middle of the resort, so it is convienent to the pools, resturants and the beach. The room was big and the beds were somewhat comfortable, better than other resorts that I have stayed at in the area. I think that the roof of our room was leaking a little bit from all of the rain, but we weren't in there very much anyways. I would recommend bringing your own pillow, we did and that made the stay much better. It did smell a little bit, but I don't think that you can get rid of the mildew smell due to the extreme humidity in the Dominican Republic.The beach is absolutely gorgeous, and there were plenty of chairs. I didn't notice the problem of people reserving the chairs like I have at other resorts in Punta Cana. The pool was great, there were 3 in total, but we stayed at the largest one in the middle most of the time. It was always clean and never too crowded. The swim up bar was great!The food was ok, I think that it is definitely geared more twords Europeans, buecause it was very different than the food here in America. I was ok with it though, we could always find something that we could eat. I think that I would be disappointed if everything was exactly like home. I think that the pizza was the best.The staff was excellent! They made our stay so much fun and were always nice to us. The bartenders were great and so were the people who worked in the resturants. We also tipped a lot, but just because they do not make very much money and we like to show that we appreciate them. There isn't a lot to do at night. The disco is right outside of the lobby and it was a lot of fun! It was much busier on the weekend than during the week, but always a good time. The shows at night were hilarious, they do a really good job. We managed to have fun every night that we were there!All in all, I was very happy with our stay at the Grand Flamenco and would definitely go back again. We stayed at Breezes last year, and the Grand Flamenco is MUCH better! I think that it all depends on what you want out of your vacation, I think that some people go on vacation just to complain. You are in another country with a completely different culture and you have to make adjustments, but a little patience goes a long way!WARNING: Be careful when if you go to talk with the reps about the Occidental VIP club, I think that they try to get you drunk and then trick you into joining.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good The food id excelent but the rooms need a remodelation because my bathroom are ugly with oxid in the shower. The tv see bad.The facilities are excelent.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Robin and Chris's Vacation 2005....The Best ever... let me start by saying and bad reviews must be false. We started out by arriving into Santo Domingo Airport which about a 3 hour ride. Then we finnaly arrived at the resort. It was the most emazing place. The service was great. The food was awsome( But make sure that you make reservations in time. The beach was very hot . I recomend that you where allot of sun screen. I would definately go back to the Grand Flamenco. I give this place 5 stars.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>West_Family_ACZ
<Content>Not "fully inclusive" This is the second time we have stayed at the Occidental. The first time being in Playa Dorada which was an excellent holiday and this is why we booked to come again but on the other side of the island. We stayed from 19 May to 2 June 2005. On arrival we were informed that by other guests and holiday rep that the hotel was only 40% full and therefore a large majority of the services would not be available. ie there was no snack bar open at the poolside neither the bar. If you wanted a drink while at the poolside it meant having to get into the water and get your drink. No hardship for adults but when my children, aged 8, 6 and 4 wanted a drink, it meant I was unable to sit down for any longer than 5 minutes before I was having to get up again to fetch drinks. I could not risk my children spilling their coke, pina colada etc in the swimming pool. Yes the lobby bar was open but you could not go in their with a swimming costume on.The pool snack bar was not open at all. Therefore if you wanted a snack you would have to walk to the beach and get cakes, biscuits etc. This is a large hotel. I could never risk sending my children as I would not be able to see them. The hotel informed us that they would not be opening the poolside snack bar because they did not want to waste food. We told them that we had paid for an all inclusive holiday and that the hotel should be catering for the number of guests at the hotel. That they could not decide what services they were going to provide on how full the hotel was. Guests were paying for services and they were not being received. My husband tried to do archery but was informed that the archery set was broken. He then tried rifle shooting, but the rifle was broken. Instead the fun club people turned up with a pistol which was dangerous. The next day we saw a fun club person walking around with an archery set asking everyone to come and join in. It seems that they were only laying on certain activities here as well - saying that equipment had been broken.The food was OK. We never found any problem finding something to eat at the buffet. The service, though, is very slow. If you want anything extra, like a soft drink or a cup of tea, it is better to get it yourself. The buffet is air conditioned which is very good. We did not try any of the al a carte restaurants as they were on a rotation because the hotel was not full!Cleaning of the rooms was excellent - but it was only when we tipped US$20 that we had water in our room.Please remember that the resort is enormous. We were in block 10 which is excellent for the swimming pool, which is what we prefer, and also for the buffet restaurant. But it is no good for the beach and beach bar where you can get a drink.With three children after the fourth day we decided that we could not stay here anymore. We asked our holiday rep to move us to a hotel which was providing a full service. One of the main reasons we booked this type of holiday is so that the children can have a relative amount of freedom, getting their own drinks, hot dogs, hamburgers, ice cream, but still be in view. By the fourth day I was getting fed up of getting drinks, and also the kids in the afternoon saying that they were hungry. In the morning I used to get a plate of muffins, biscuits and cakes, so that about 11.00am they could have something to eat. Please bear in mind that the swimming pool is marvellous. It is not at all deep and there are lots of islands and hiding places if you enjoy playing games with your children. One thing that we did notice that there was not many children there at all. The majority of the guests were German, Italian, Spanish, with a few from England, USA and Canada. The resort is busier at the weekends with locals coming to stay. Even though we were only their for four days we never had a problem with finding a bed by the pool with shade.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>one for two We paid for a two week holiday and only found out when landed in Punta Cana that this hotel was overbooked. We argued with the hotel representative, the travel agent and the hotel manager till we were blue and got nowhere. They forced us to stay at another hotel for one full week, we did not have a choice of other hotels either. This (other) hotel was about two stars lower in every aspect.I will not go to this hotel chain, Occidental, again for fear of the same results.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>margaretanddavid
<Content>Royal Club excellant We visited the Grand Flamenco Occidental for our 25th wedding anniversary and stayed at the Royal Club. In answer to the people who have said it is not worth the extra, I would disagree completely. Yes, others do try to come into the area of beach that has been cordoned off for the royal club guests but we found security fantastic and they soon came and moved them on. Guests at the royal club collect their towels from the exclusive royal club reception, they are a different colour and easily spotted. It also means you dont have to return towels to the drop off point. The drinks container on the royal club beach was constantly topped up and it was lovely always being sure of a lounger and shade as required. The maid service to royal club was excellant, plenty of towels changed twice a day. We always ate our berakfast in the royal club restaurent, to have individual table service take your order and cook your poached egg, omelette etc fresh was wonderful. There is also a buffet breakfast and champagne as required. The service is beautiful. Generally we ate lunch there, and it is not true that you cannot eat dinner there. The menu is very limited at dinner I agree, it is the same as the lunch, but again, to choose, say a pepper steak and have it cooked just for you beats a buffet any day. The themed restaurents vary, it depends on your taste. We preferred the Italian and oriental but again, you are gaurenteed a place every night, should you want, by booking at your own reception instead of having to walk to the area by the main reception. The rooms in the royal club are excellant, we made friends with many other people around the resort, many not in the royal club area and so managed to compare rooms. Our bright, airy suite was far superior to theirs. You also have unlimeted, free internet access via the royal club reception. Whilst it is a vacation, it was good for us to drop off a daily e mail to our teen daughter who had stayed at home and for us to know that she could communicate with usWe would recommend doing the calypso boat trip, it is fun and lively. my husbad snorkels and loved it, I dont, but there was plenty in the way of entertainment on the boat to make it a memorable day for me.We are also very well travelled, and would both return here in a heart beat. For the ladies, I can thoroughly recommend the rose petal experience in the Spa centre. We are English and made friends from the USA who we are are in regular contact with and will be visiting later in the year. The staff at the complex do appreciate tips and gifts. We tipped well, and whilst it was clearly appreciated I doubt it bought us a particular service. We never encountered one single rude member of staff, and that isnt only in the Royal Club area. We drank at the lobby bar and the upstairs bar by the entertainment area and found everyone so helpful. I think it is your attitude to people that counts. We give this hotel a huge thumbs up  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff, Amazing Beach  Please disregard any negative feedback on this resort! A friend and I stayed the week of May 21st - May 28th and had just a great time!God for bid you don't get your welcome cocktail...there's more than enough alcohol to last you your stay.I think the saying is something like 'treat others the same way you would like to be treated', so those complaining about the staff may need to learn some respect as they were some of the nicest people we have ever met. -The buffets were fine-the A La Cartes were even better (Oriental being the best)-the drinks are Free!, so what if you have to try 10 different kinds before finding the one you like-service was great-room was great (the small amount of rust is not going to attack you).-large pool is awesome, there are 2 other ones, but we liked the big one, because is has a large swim-up bar :)-we tipped $1 here and there to all different staff and left gifts on our pillows for the maids-the beach is amazing (the nicest I have ever seen) and we never had a problem finding beach or pool chairs.We stayed in building 12, which is about the same distance to the beach as is to the lobby. This is a very large hotel and there are countless things to do from snorkling to massages!This is a great pick and value!A vacation is pretty much what you make of it, so have a great time no matter what you end up with as you paid for it and you're there for probably anywhere from 4 - 21 days :)Thanks to everyone at the Grand Flemenco, Punta Cana.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jmbg
<Content>good value friendly service We just got back from a 9 day stay at the Grand Flamenco that we got on a real good deal on a web auction site. I was a little worried after reading a lot of the mixed reviews regarding this resort but I am happy to say that we would definetly go back again if the price was right. One thing to keep in mind is that Occidental on their web site calls this a five star hotel and it is not that, but it is a good resort to go to if you do not pay the full price listed on the hotel web site. Let me break down the differant areas of the resort and how we felt about them. To give you an idea of our point of view we are a married couple in our 50s from Kentucky.First the beach is a beautiful wide smooth light tan colored sand that goes on for miles with every shade of blue and turquose water imaginable. However this beach is lined with larege resorts so if you are looking for a secluded spot to get away you will not find one. But this beach is so wide and long we never felt crowded at all. The hotel has plenty of chairs but getting a shady hut requires getting out early because there is not a lot of them available. May is off season and it was not crowded but it was still tough getting a hut.The check in and check out was smooth and quick and while we did not get the room we requested it was close enough to not get upset about. We were located in building 12 which is one building away from the beach front and qbout a 3minute walk. One word on building location there is a walking path around the perimeter of the resort we used every morning and directly behind the fence behind building 10 is a water treatment plant for the next resort and the sewage smell was bad every morning we walked past building 10 if you had a room on the backside of building 10 you would live with that smell all day long. Other then in that one area the rest of the resort smelled fine with no sewage odor at all. Our room was a good size with a nice outside balcony large enough for a card table and two chairs, the furnishings in the room while they were not luxuorious were in good condition and the bed was comfortable. The room was clean with no rust in the tub but he lighting in the room was kind of dreary unless you had the patio curtains wide open. The shower water pressure was great and hot water was never a problem. The mini bar was stocked with soda and a gallon jug of purified water and the maid never let it run empty. The maid service was good leaving us plenty of towels and doing a good job on the room. We typically tipped her $5 every other day and maybe this helped. Bottom line on the room is that if you are ok with a Holiday Inn type of room you will be satisified if you come expecting the Bellagio you will be disappointed. One word about the musty rooms people have noted the floors are all tile and the walls are concrete and the humidity in the DR is real high this is a natural for musty we found by keeping the ceiling fan on all day and night helped keep the room better the air conditioner also helped but it would get real cold real fast.The service we received from the employees was one of the highlights of the resort from front desk to bartenders to the food service people everybody was friendly although at times the language barrier could result in you getting somethhing you did not order it was really no big deal. Keep ion mind that a smile a por favor and a gracias goes a long way when you are dealing with the staff at the resort. We would tip for good service and whether or not this got us ahead we don't know but we felt good doing it because must of the staff there work their butts off for you and are deserving of any extra you can give them.The swimming pools were large and nicely landscaped and were in good condition getting a shady chair was not too much of a problem even late in the day. We only saw a couple of the night shows and they were ok once again the staff is giving their all but the shows just didn't thrill us that much.We are not big night life people so we never made it to the discoThe food at the resort is the area that needs the greatest improvement. While we never went hungary and we never got sick the food was disappointing. Breakfast at the main buffet was good with a lot of fresh fruit and a good variety of pastry there was a made to order omelet and egg station that always delivered but the meats such as sausage ham and bacon just were not good. Lunch was at the beachfront buffet and bar that had good salads, fries, roast chicken and a small buffet bar, this was nice to go to since it was right on the beach and you could go in your bathing suit without getting dressed. The roast chicken and salad bar was always good but after 9 days it did get old. The biggest let down was dinner we ate at the Mexican, Italian and stekhouse ala cartes along with the main buffet. The Mexican was the best but really no better the an inexpensive Mexican restuarant we go to here at home. The Italian was ok but not really much better then the Fazolis fast food chain. The Steakhouse had the roving carvers concept but the food there was just plain bad overcooked and dried out. The buffet was ok but most of the food was bland and the meats were not even mid quality levels here in the States. Now the service at all of the restaurants was good and your water and wine glass never got empty but we view dinner as an enjoyable event when we are on vacation and it just was not to our expectations. One word about the drinks and bar service the lobby bar had the best drinks if you wanted something tropical and all of the bars would give you as much alcohol as you wanted in your drinks. They were pouring local brands but they tasted pretty good and it was not rot gut booze. We seldom had to wait long for a drink at any of the bars and all the bartenders were fast and friendly.One word about the guests at the hotel, yes as an American you will be in the minority and language will be a problem but if you go with an open mind it is kind of fun to be in that situation. We did not run into any rude Eurapeans just people who are from a differant culture with a differant language. Topless bathing is the norm so keep that in mind if you are offended by that, once again just enjoy the fact you are in a foreign country that is not Americanized.Bottom line on the Grand Flamenco is that it is good place to go if you get a good price we paid $48 per person per day for the 9 days and for that price we were well satisified. If the food was better I would be happy to pay more since the resort really is beautiful with a friendly caring staff.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Flamenco I absolutley had an amazing time at this resort :) It was fabulous with its amazing pools and service. The beach is clean and no one bothers you. This hotel also has the best club ...I mean swings hanging off the ceilings come on...!!!!  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KBSRye
<Content>Save your money and go to a better Island We just returned from the worst trip of our lives. If you want a romantic get away this is not it. Upon checking in we were driven to a room that just stunk of mildew, due to the very high humidity everything smelled and the floor tiles were wet and slippery. And get this, a lovered bathroom door because they have no bathroom fans! You can hear everything!Then the worst was to come we went to eat, This food is just awful and it will make you sick if you are from North America. I have thrown away better food. All the restaurants are the same, they stink.Maid service is very slow and you will get only one towel of you do not say anything( we did not get pillow cases for 3 days). Hotel people are very friendly, the hotel guests which are mostly european are rude.It rained very hard the second day and the walkways were just like the grand canal in venice. Rain came into the room from the lobby and the celing making the floors so slippery I fell twice.The Beach is beautiful and so are the grounds, but you cannot leave the compound as the outside areas are not safe. So in ending we would advise another island.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What An Amazing Place!!! I have just returned from the grand flamenco today and myself and my daughter had an amazing time. For all those people that have complained about this resort, I can honestly say that i dont know what there problem is. Respect the locals and thay will respect you. Just remember, one dollar here goes a long way. The pools were gorgeous, always room whatever time of day. The beach is amazing. The staff are so friendly, as soon as the music starts, they are off, dancing  singing, smiling. They defianately made this holiday special for us. The bedroom was very spacious, there were a couple of chips in the bath and a bit of rust too but the main thing, it was clean!!! The whole resort was very clean and spotless. We went on the dominican discovery trip. This is a 4 x 4 truck that takes you to see the real dominican republic, cigar factory, to look in a local house, horse riding, visit a school and lots more. If you do go on this trip or one similar, I advise you to buy some pens, pencils,colouring books before you leave home. You will have the chance to give these to some of the local children that have nothing. To see there faces light up is just like a picture, one that we will never forget. Hoping to go back in november with my partner. The food was different, but hey, we are in a foreign country and so what do we expect. The mexican restaurant was really nice and yet again the atmosphere was brilliant. There was always plenty to choose from, you would never go hungry.Anyway, dont take too much notice of the bad reviews, get yourself over there and see for yourselves. We had a great time and i'm sure that you will too. Just remember, give the odd dollar here and there, it is appreciated and also at the end of your stay, leave those unwanted shower gels, shampoos, toothbrushes, toothpastes. I've never seen someone get so excited over two bottles of shower gel.Main thing to remember, HAVE FUN!!!  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing place (Jon Bovi) Hi I should start by stating that people basically should disregard and bad reviews that you have read about this resort. I went down to the Grand Flamingo Punta Cana from May 7-14, there where 3 of us all single males from Canada. This resort is absolutely beautifull, very clean, the staff are really nice and will bend over backwards for you especially in the restaurants. The impression I am getting is that the people who didn't have a good time at this resort is because they are way to picky and probably couldn't be satisfied with anything. If you treat the staff here with respect they will treat you like royalty, if you are rude with them, then you will be treated badly, remember it is all how you treat them. The food at the resort had to be pretty much the best food I had ever had at an all-inclusive resort, and I have been to the Gran Ventana in Puerto Plata, the RIU Tequila in Playa del Carmen Mexico and the Blue Bay Getaway (now Getaway Club) in Puerto Vallarta Mexico. The Fun Club is very nice and entertaining especially Miky, Pablo and Wiliam. The rooms are very clean, and somewhat spacious, never found any rust in my shower as stated in earlier reviews. We met lots of very friendly people from France, Germany, Holland, Poland, Austria, England, USA, and Canada. Would definately recomend, this resort for singles, couples and families. I wish I was still there right now.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pluschgreen
<Content>A definite repeat option May 5 2005-May 12 2005-Please don鈥檛 believe all the bad reviews. I researched this hotel extensively before we decided it, and the Grand Flamenco surpassed all of my expectations. The beach is beautiful, white sand for miles and warm turquoise waters. The resort is very clean and smoking is not as bad as some of the reviews state, I am alergic to smoke and had no problem. There is a shopping complex a five minute walk from the resort this is unique to the Flamenco as many other resorts did not have this option. Some of the vendors are agressive but not too bad, the beach shops are the most agressive.Food: The food was good, not great. There are a number of restaurants the Mexican and the Italian were the best. There are numerous buffets with a wide selection of food, but go early if you like your food hot. Do not eat the Chicken burgers, they are gross. We experienced mild stomach aches for about 2 days, nothing too bad though.Service: The employees are amazing, they are always dancing and singing while working and actually seem to enjoy their jobs.Tip at the bars it will get you better service, if you are a regular tipper $2-3/per day the bar tender will pick you out from the back of the line and serve you first.Our maid experience was not the best, we tipped the first couple of days, but our mini bar was not restocked we did not have enough towels or soap, so we stopped tipping and we complained to the front desk and the situation was rectified immediately, our room was cleaned everyday though.Room: Our room was in building 24 it was a nice large room, there was little rust on the tub, but nothing spectacular. The hotel covers a large area so it is a walk to get anywhere.Entertainment: The shows are not bad, they do the best that they can and most are worth watching.Tours: we did the Marinarium it was expensive but worth it since you get to swim with sharks and stingrays. Since the resort is so large it is hard to find things, the towel bar for instance we had to ask where it was, and the hours of the buffets and restaurants need to be more clearly posted.We went in the end of the season so some of the services were being cut back but on the flip side we could visit any of the restaurants that we wanted to and got better service. Beach chairs were plentiful, but shaded ones were taken early and usually only had a towel on them for the whole day. The pools also had a lot of seating. There are 4 pools, 3 are for regular guests, and 1 is reserved for the club. The pools are not too deep, no diving and are good for children.The Mangu, or disco is full every night by 1am the cover is free but drinks range in price from $3-5 us dollars.It is easy to meet people at the lobby bar, we met many drinking friends and had a lot of time, the mamajuana is a must.I would be happy to visit this resort again it was well worth the money.Please look at the photos to get a better idea of how beautiful this resort is, thanks Sara and Mike  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bellaire
<Content>Gorgeous resort We stayed at this hotel and could not fault it. The room, food and pools were all excellent, spotlessly clean. Staff were, without exception, friendly and polite. We did see one or two topless, referred to in one of the other reviews, but at least one of these was American!!As a European I would say we do not all treat the staff as if they are beneath us just as, I would imagine, all Americans do not treat them well.I would most certainly return to this resort./  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>daunapaq
<Content>Beautiful Resort.....Don't Waste Money On Royal Club this resort is absolutely beautiful.....grounds immaculate.....lovely landscaping and the entire resort is so clean....everywhere! the resort is huge...almost a quarter mile from beach to main lobby. resort laid out like a tiny town with round-a-bouts at intersections....specialty restaurants and main buffet near lobby as is entertainment theater...covered but open air on all sides. enormous well groomed pool complexes....main pool is gigantic with swim up bar...to enter...duck under waterfall for seating or to order drinks. bend over drinks upon exiting or drinks will drown from having to pass under waterfall. looks pretty though even if unpractical. many islands in this pool....some have huge circular jacuzzis....tropical oases....zero entry into all pools except royal club. there are 3 huge pools and the one round jacuzzi pool in royal club. there is a bar/lunch grill buffet on beach that is very big. a huge main buffet for BLD that is beautiful. food definitely needs help but there was always something good...no one would go hungry. specialty restaurants need mucho help! there food was awful. everyone stuck with the main buffets. specialty restaurants had set eating times...if you were early or late you didn't get in....meals times were 7..8..9pm. buffet had all day hours practically. service in main buffet was wonderful and all servers were extremely nice. they love americans....we tip additionally too which helps the dominicans very much and you want to! exchange rate is 27 / 28 pesos for each u.s. dollar. we tipped $20 to our waiter...in his money....it's like making 560 pesos which they barely make in a month. europeans don't tip them and are quite rude to the employees...which is sad. the entertainment really needs help....pretty corny but 4 star i guess. the lobby is enormous and moorish in design....very pretty....the lobby bar is nice and plenty of room to hang out and people watch. the rooms are quite large....immaculate....resort is only 5 years old....so everything is newish. two major complaints.....one with the area of punta cana in general and one with the resort in particular. we weren't told by our agent just how european this area is in terms of vacationers. euros and americans are quite different in what is acceptable and what isn't in terms of modesty. hardly victorian or prudish....we were shocked and very offended by the euros sense of decency. on the beach and at all the pools topless women and girls from 6 to 60's and many wearing only g-strings and topless and men as well in g-strings were frolicking in the pools.....all along the beaches...up in reserved areas of royl club and everywhere. not an occassional 'sighting' but rather the norm of the europeans. there was no place you could go without bare breasts looking back at you or dental flossed butts staring you in the face! i saw reviews saying you'd see someone topless but don't look if you're offended! we were prepared to see someone but not almost everyone! there was a woman came into the 'home rum' yes....not home run...it's rum restaurant for lunch...topless. thank god someone that worked there ushered her out to put on a top. and to us americans....this seems almost incestuous.....mothers topless with their grown teenage boys and dads with their teenage daughters topless. maybe this is the norm for europeans. as gorgeous as the beaches/sand/waters are in punta cana DR.....we would never go back. there was a girl and a fellow in their late 20's i guess....she was wearing only a piece of black material to cover her pubic area....he had on a bigger thong....at the water's edge.....he lying on his stomach....she sitting on his butt bouncing up and down topless....people walking by staring....we were sitting on chaises very close by.....we got up and walked to the back of the beach....who wants to see this? basing our info on what we saw....we'd say 90% of the resort was euro (french...germans....spanierds and italians) in that order and 10% were americans in our 30's  40's. we certainly were outnumbered and felt the uncomfortableness of it. as for ROYAL CLUB.....don't waste your money. your rooms are closer to the beach....some are suites which are nice but you sleep and shower and change there...that's it. they have their own reception area...yeah...so? we got nothing there but check in. they have their own small pool with built in jacuzzi that always has yelling kids hopping all around or throwing things....it's supposed to be adult (kids have a fantastic huge pool of their own but lazy parents won't take them to it). royal has their own restaurant....food is okay....the servers are quite nice and slow....they are on their own time....so be patient. a perk in royal is that you don't have to make reservations yourself for the specialty restaurants....after you've been to one....you won't want to go to the others and you just go to the buffet. royal's own restaurant does not serve dinner....only B  L. while i'm on it....royal has their own reserved beach...DON'T BUY IT!!!!!! what a joke! it is corded off for all the good it does. you pay$600 more for the week for royal club for all the perks....PERKS? you are supposed to get beach service exclusively for the red bands (that's royal club clientel) with iced waters.....sodas.....beers etc throughout the day. well....people from all over the resort on the beach (blue....black....white....pink bands and no bands at all) come into the paid for area of royal club....take our waters....sodas....beers.....ice....cups.....our palapas (palm umbrellas) and our better chaises all day every day. security is a joke.....they walk right past them and say nothing. those of us paying to stay in royal club had to keep walking up to the royal club restaurant every couple hours to ask them to fill up the cooler and what was happening with all the other bands! a group of royal club guests which we were one....got together and headed for the not just the managers of royal club but now to the big wigs there in the main lobby to complain and tell them we wanted our money back that we spent on royal club. no one ever contacted any of us and we left our names and all our room numbers. there were physical confrontations on several days with people taking over our reserved area and the perks that came with it. why should we pay $600 more for royal club when those paying nothing but enjoying the services we paid for pay nothing???? MAJOR PROBLEMO! tempers were hot! once occidental (that's who owns the resort) got our money.....they could care less! nothing was remedied. it's a shame because they are losing not only the american delegates but the others who paid for royal club as well. another gripe......at the pools......many spanish speaking guests from europe or maybe even the locals bring their blaring boom boxes poolside and not just one....several.....everyone wants to listen to their own thing and they blast the music....one out blasting the other. management never did a thing about it. vacation.....have fun.....but respect the space and comfort of others....it's their vacation too....wear earphones to listen to your music and blast it as loud as you want and don't bother everyone else with your nonsense and rudeness. the resort is so lovely.....it has so much going for it....too bad issues that should be addressed here by management aren't. this will be another resort turned into a party hotel for all it's beauty and offerings will be wasted on a much younger contingency of clientel where an anything goes mentality! the beach area in general in punta cana and here at this resort has spectacular expanse of white soft sand....clean water.....sandy bottom with no rocks....shells etc. no water shoes needed here. we've never been to a beach before and we've traveled the world where there were no shells of any kind on the beaches.....the beaches are to die for. we just returned on may 1, 2005. i have photos i want to add here but are not developed yet. i will be adding them shortly. wow....a biggy....DRINKS ARE NOT GOOD. you never get the same thing twice....you order the same thing but nothing tastes good or the same...maybe that's good.....you at least have a chance of someone making a good drink but it doesn't happen. stick with their Presidente beer....can't screw that up and it's pretty good. royal club patrons are supposed to get premium liquor in all bars!! guess again....we drink jack daniels....it's not considered premium and you must pay for that! what? it's certainly not domestic and if it were....you'd get it anyway even if you weren't in royal club. so what is JACK? if not premium? extra premium? they have it but want you to pay for it. another issue no one could answer for us! yet other premiums they'd give you....tanguerey....coivassiae (i'm sure i'm spelling this incorrectly) .....johnny walker red label....frangelica....and more. go figure!marguarita and daiquari and colada frozen mixers are horrible for a base. if you can drink straight shots....you're better off. but how many can do them....especially women?  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What more could you ask for? First of all, for those who complain about rust in the bathroom, old fixtures, etc. GRAB A LIFE! Do you realize the effort the people in this POOR country have put into making your vacation relaxing and fun? If you lived in their shoes even for a day, you'd wonder how it's possible that they still smile working for fussy and might I add rude tourists such as yourself.The resort is nothing short of beautiful. Well maintained grounds, gardens, pools, and the beach is beautiful. We were lucky to have exceptionally hot weather 98% of our trip, as well the service we found overall to be quite good. If someone was not treating you as you expected, maybe it's because you didn't treat them nicely to begin with! Plus did you notice that at least half of the staff work AROUND THE CLOCK? I love the Dominican and the people there, and I give them credit for their hotel, the activities, and mostly the food. I don't believe anything was NOT fresh during our stay, and if it was, well as if you've never had that before in your own country. We ate like no tomorrow and I give hats off to the ala carte restaurants. Wasn't even planning to go to the Oriental, but was blown away not only by decor of the food, but the exceptional taste as well! All in all this was a great trip that we'd been anticipating for quite some time, as my hubby and I had visited 2 yrs. ago at the Allegro, and wanted to come one more time. I'm glad we did, as the beach was great, the food was tasty, the people were nice, the room was comfortable, and the entertainment was overall quite good. Especially for those who enjoy music, Mangu (the famous disco in Punta Cana) is something to check out at least once. We saw a lot of other resorts coming and going and I'm sure ours was one of the best. If you want to go on an excursion, Soana Island is definitely worth checking out as well. Well, hopefully this helps anyone in doubt of visiting this resort, as some people are bound to have a bad trip and over exaggerate about every little bug and piece of rust they saw. I hope that any future trips I go on are as fun as the D.R.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jaclyn&Bev
<Content>Loved the beach!!! Fun getaway for the girls.               More photos  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jillanson
<Content>Good Vacation Just returned from the Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana April 28th. After reading all the reviews I was going in with an open mind.When we arrived at the resort the bellman took our bags and we checked in without a problem. We then got into the golf cart that brought us and our bags to our room. We booked a deluxe room with a king bed. And that is exactly what we got.We were in building 12 Rm 125, the room was very nice a good size for 2 people with a huge belcony with a table and 2 chairs. The king bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was a good size, it worked well. If I could recommend anything probably just to do some improvements on the bathroom butn nothing big, I didn't go on vacation to stay in the bathroom so it wasn't a big deal.The grounds are beautiful. Everyday they were doing something to them, rather it be cutting the grass, watering the flowers, they were always working hard.The pool, was huge. It wasn't very deep at all except for in the middle where it probably came up to my waist. The water was clean, and a nice temperature was not cold at all. It had a nice swim up bar where you could get just about any drink, and a water fall which was nice also. Plenty of chairs, even if you cameupin the middle of the day there were always chairs, they weren't in the shade, those chairs were taking early but you can always find something.The beach, WOW! So beautiful. Words could even begin to describe it. The sand was always clean, there were more than enough chairs to sit in. If you want one under the shade then that is another story, you had to claim those early. The roped off a section the you can swim in as they used the rest of it for water sports. The water was crystal clear and warm. Very salty.The watersports were so much fun. They off a variety such as sailing, kiakaing (spelled wrong) for double or single, you can do the banana boat for $10 per person which was so much fun. The spa there was nice, I went into it but never did anything, I did read over the prices, and they were very reasonable. If I was there longer I would of definetly had done something in there.Now, to the food.Breakfast: the buffet is good. Always making fresh fruit drinks, had a huge variety of food, from different breads, cereal, fruits, eggs, omelette Bar, pancakes, waffles, french toast, and it goes on. Always something that someone will like.Lunch: The had a snack Bar called Home Run, which was alright. There they cooked Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Chicken. The Hamburgers tasted like Hot Dogs, so after putting lettuce tomatoe cheese and the works on it you can eat it. The had some deli meat there and also bacon which you can put on your burger. They also had natchos there which were my favorite. They had there homemade salsa sauce which some jalepeno peppers with the cheese so good.They also had a buffet down closer by the beach which was also good also a variety of food.Now the restaurants, my advice make reservations as soon as you check in. The restaurants go quick. I was only there for a 3 night stay and we could only get into the Mexican Restaurant. We never went but friends of ours went and they loved the mexican restaurant but didn't like the Italian restaurant. But at the same time all the restaurants are open the buffet is always open which again offers everything from friend chickend mash potatoes which are very good ribs, corn, vegetables, steak, always something to eat. The pizza place up stairs very good I got a cheese pizza the put a lot of cheese on it but it was so good. The crepe Place also our friends ate at and they liked that.When you at the buffet next to the lobby they have ice cream there, I always got the coconut iceacream, with chocolate sprinkles tasted just like an almody job...so good. The vanilla and chocolate ice cream is also good. Then you have pink icea cream which is bubble gum, our friends enjoyed that. So you do have a wide variety to choose from. It doesn't taste like American food so don't expect it to.All in all the hotel was very nice. I would definetly stay there again or recommend it to anyone else.Feel free to e-mail me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Still amazed this place was given 5 stars by Hotwire! My friend and I stayed at this resort from April 21-25, 2005. First and foremost I was very unhappy with the amount of rust in the bathroom. Granted we bought this trip (cheap and quick was what we were looking for) off of Hotwire and suffice to say we got what we payed for. This is no 5 star resort at Hotwire claims - this is a 3 star resort! The beach towels were stained, they never gave you enough washcloths, they could recycle food like nobody's business. The drinks were rather watered down (insist they use Barcelo if they make any rum drinks), the food in the snack bar area was so aweful we never ate there again after the first day. The service in the main dining room could be improved, but with the amount of turnover in diners I suppose they did the best they could. I would not reccommend this resort. This place is obviously one of the older resorts in the area. Normally I do MUCH better research, and I wish I had had the time to research better when deciding to book the trip myself online.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>robicslady
<Content>A Great Trip! People expecting all the comforts of home should stay home- but if you are looking to escape the weather where YOU are and head to the tropics this is the place. So pack your old worn-out face cloths, your Immodium and Pepto Bismol, and plenty of SUNSCREEN and just enjoy yourself! Yes, the food can be different from what you're accustomed to. Yes, everyone tries to sell you something (it's a poor country) and YES- there are lots of nearly-naked bodies on the beach but it's not Disney World- it's a foreign country with different customs and food and language. The weather was cloudy last week on a few days but we came home very tanned anyhow. We really enjoyed the activities such as Yoga, Volleyball, Dance Lessons, and participating in the pre-show every night. We ate very well and had plenty of alcohol. The pools and beach were great- not cold as some have complained about. Again- how's the weather where YOU are? Trust me: it's better here! The room was nice, the bed and pillows were quite comfortable, and the air conditioning worked just fine. Everyone who works at this resort works cheerfully (and hard) and not just for your tips. We passed out singles to pretty much everyone who waited on us- it cost us so little and they really appreciate it. We were one of the few American couples there- we made many new friends from Europe and Canada. I was sad to leave after such a nice week at such a lovely resort.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not At All Impressed!!! This may be long but I promise it will be very informative and worth the read!!!My girlfriend and I(in our 30's) stayed at the Grand Flamenco from April 14-21 and were extremely disappointed!!! We were to have gone to El Senador in Caya Coco Cuba but got a great price for this resort and my sister-in-law who had been here last year  raved about it so we decided to give it a shot-we wish we didn't. Let me just say upto today both our stomach's are extremely upset and we can't be too far from a bathroom if we don't want to make a mess. In a nutshell, the good: the beach, pool, ala carte restaurants and a handful of spectacular staff. The bad: the majority of the service/staff, the buffets, the watered-downed drinks and the rooms. Note: we tipped over $100 American dollars and often times it made no difference but we have no regrets nonetheless.RECEPTION: We arrived at the resort around 11:30am. No welcome drink was offered like we have always had at 3 Mexico resorts we have been to. We checked in and were told to come back at 3pm(check-in time)-this was no surprise as we knew we would have to wait for our room to be cleaned. However, the tourguide on the bus said they would give us a room to change in the meantime which was not the case. Our luggage was in a small room outside of the front lobby where we all gathered like cattle to grab our bikinis to change into. We were forced to change in the lobby bathroom-this is not acceptable for what is supposedly a 4+* resort. Nevertheless, we went back to the lobby at 3pm and were told room was not ready and to come back in 15mins. Well, we did the same and were told it was still not ready. This is not an exaggeration we didn't get our room until 6pm-3 hours after we should have!!!ROOM: We both understood that we would not be staying at the equivalent of a 4+* in North American standards but the room was no more than a 1*. There was rust all along the bathtub and the fixtures are so outdated. The decor is pathetic(keep in mind I have stayed in 3 different places within Mexico and this did not close to any of those). The fridge was to have water, pop and beer(according to the brochure) but all we got was water and 1 sprite. We later asked our tourguide(Signature) about why no beer and were told no hotels allow beer in the fridge due to prior lawsuits from parents whose children became intoxicated from sneaking the beer-this by the way is absurd as we often saw teens doing shots at the bar and causing a ruckess!!! Oh by the way, one pillow had no cover and had a spot of blood. Thankfully our A/C worked as many others complained of theirs not. We were given a comment card to complete which we did and submitted and the very next day a quality control Manager was at our room to see what the problems were-he promised everything would be rectified from that day forward and indeed it was(except the rust) but we were leaving the following day anyway!!!FOOD AND DRINK: The Buffets honestly(no exaggeration) offered a terrific recycling program. What I mean is, all leftovers from breakfast were offered for lunch and then for dinner. Dinner leftevers were offered the following day for breakfast including corn and mashed potato!!! if you are looking for freshly squeezed OJ you will get instead a syrup mixed with water-the equivalent of tang. Now I know it may sound as though I am too picky but honestly I don't understand why a country which has ample fruits and vegetables thanks to their wonderful climate could not offer freshly squeezed juices? Eggs were runny...no bacon for breakfast and worst of all-everything was cold-unsure why there appeared to be heating lamps. Lunch was similar to the quality of breakfast. We are thankful we booked a la carte restaurants for dinner for most of the nights(that along with going to the pizzeria twice for dinner). The pizzeria offered excellent pizza and we were served by the most pleasant lady named Maxima who if only the rest of the employees could learn from her example, customer service on this resort would improve(we plan on keeping in contact with her). The a la carte restaurants were in my opinion incredible!!! At the Mexican we tried the flaming fajitas which were great as was the service. The Italian Restaurant had a spectacular antipasto bar and the fettucini and the chicken entree were EXCELLENT!!! Luigi was an amazing server and overall person! The steakhouse-not as good. Lots of different meat but aside from the chicken the quality of the rest was poor(tough). The Oriental Restaurant was even better than any oriental I have had here-excellent and decor was impressive!!! The drinks regardless of which bar you were at were a joke!!! The alcohol was without a doubt watered down and their syrup flavored juices were as well-did not get tipsy for a moment-truly disappointing!!!BEACH AND POOL-The beach was great as was the weather. The last 2 days the waves were quite rough so we were forced to stay in shallow water which was no big deal. The pool was also refreshing. Swimup bar despite the disappointing drinks was fun.OVERALL SERVICE-This was also disppointing. When we tipped we usually got better service but they don't know you will be tipping at the restauants until the end(of your meal). Often, we got looks from the locals that made us feel unwelcome. We later realized this is likely because the majority(80%) of people do not tip and they feel like giving good service is a waste of time. Most of the people at this resort were Europeans mainly French-truly ignorant, just my opinion based on observations. I don't understand how you can have a meal and be served and not tip? I don't imagine you do this wherever you come from???We would have rather gone to Mexico for a 4th time having known what we now do about this resort. P.S. Others we spoke to on our flight had similar complaints and in fact one couple changed their room 3 times!!! Many others from other resorts including Secrets, Catalonia and Bahia raved about their stay mind you these resorts would cost several hundred more than the Grand Flamenco-I guess it is true what they say: You get what you pay for!!! Hope this helps as I wish now I had listened to some of the negative reviews I had read!!! Feel free to email us at: ---  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>redlimelily
<Content>Enjoyable Getaway! Me and my husband are 30yr.s old. We have travelled to Cancun, Mayan Riviera,and Puerta Plata. Favor the Mayan Riviera 'cause of nature, culture, awesome resort service, and many tours/things 2 do. BUT we are up for anything!About 45min.s ride from airport. Quick check in anad English @ front desk( safe is 405 pesos to be pd. @ end of stay).Remember to keep aside safe fee and $20USD per person for the departure tax needed @ airport! DoNOT lose tourist cards ($10USD)Stayed on top level of villa 10:Clean,king size bed ( slopped on 1 side), fair sized rm., fan, good AC, clean good sized bthrm. ( don't mind the minor rust by the tub taps), tub w. shw., taps and toilet worked, clsoet doors need repair...won't close,tv,cooler filled w.beverages as part of your AI..Balcony overlooked the pool, can se right across to main buffet and part of the lobby.Waiting for bellboy...where is he??? Looked outside and Hey! That's our luggage right across the way!!! Guess he got the rm. # mixed up!!! Too bad, his loss, no tip! We stayed in 10301.Can hear night entertainment from our villa from 9-11pm...didn't bother us.Maids and janitors work from 7am til late afternoon! Hard workers. Our maid kept rm cleaned, replaced cooler and any towels/soaps needed.Tips on pillow. And whatever you give her, donations of clothes to gifts, leave a note: Para name from your name....all staff are searched before leaving @ end of shifts.Few mosquitoe bites...sunscreen, sunblk needed ...don't wanna burn/roast like the many who look like they were in pain/peeling! Yes, sandles needed for beach...HOT sand by noon!3 big clean pools sprawled on grd.s....save spot by 9am...Well kept grd.sFront w. mini casino of slots...go next door to the Princess Resort for the bigger casino...you can bet all you want there!Book a la cartes right away if you want to try the 5:Steak house, mexican,italian,creperie, pizzaria;the most requested Orriental. We didn't try any'cause all time slots left were 9-10pm...we were very satisfied w. the selection offered by buffet.Diff. theme nites. Good comical staff. Always overate: bread, rice, fresh fish, chicken,vegs, potatoes,beans,beef,pork,1 day of shrimp;maki/sushi, soup, fresh fruit ( try the local Ganaba;passionfruit!); desserts ( try pear pastry, the yummy macaroons;pudding!)...yes, lots of variety! Caution : Go near closing times, food is NOT warm nor is the selection good!Purified water served and can be asked @ any eating area. Drinks are STRONGER than Cancun( try Ron Punch!).Snack sport bar serves burgers, hotdogs,fries;oninon rings if u miss breakfast @ buffet:eggs, cereal, yogurt, brds, muffins, donuts,sausage (7am-10:30am).Beach restaurant serves lunch. Good access for the beach tanners.Claim beach spots esp.ly palapas by 8-9am unless you don't mind walking far for sagging/ant infested chairs! Lots of naked sunbathers.Hubby enjoyed the ongoin' volley ball games...sunscreen NEEDED unless u wanna be al burnin' Lobster!The Beach, the beach runs on and on! The white fine sand is beautiful next to the aqua ocean...calm enough for swimmin'  watersports.Walk to the left of beach: soft fine sand becomes pinkish from coral/shell bits..there's a coral/shell shale section where shells r found...you'll know when you start seeing more chunks of coral washed up.Walk to the right about 20 min.s is 1 of the Markets: Persisitent vendors(other market more negotiable!) Worth a looksy..see the supermarket...we saw men loading off HUGE lobsters right infront of the lobster restaurant...cool: NO Claws like the atlantic/pacific 1s we eat.Nite entertainment was...well they tried. There's the popular local clubMangu right infront of the hotel..didn't make it there.Other Market is about 15min.s walk out front of the hotel...head out rd. and turn right is the Bavaro Plaza: Supermarket right across from Harrisons (better quality Larimar ; amber) We found the dark vanilla(90ps),aromatic SantoDomingo coffee(100ps) BARTER if U buy few items...reasonable Boss Lady here @ the supermarket....check out prices here @ other vendors and head across incase cheaper prices!Across here is the other market...Pushy as they all sell the same:paintings,shirts,jewellery,woodwork, cigars NOT in AC...BArgain:got coral bracelet from $55US to $20 for that;another bracelet!..EXclaim You have no more $$$ if they bug you...works like a charm!Across plaza is also an internet cafe TROPICAl...3usd for1/2hr..cheaper yet if u walk like 20min.s further Pass EuroCar..not sure how safe!DONOT venture here alone after 5pm...all eyes on tourists and their wallets even if they r empty!! heard few couples were robbed from other resorts here!The Metamorphisis Spa is worth a look..new constructions..nice open bright upstairs rm.s ,beautiful natural stone accompanied by the waterfalls.Menu loaded w. massages, facials, pkg.s,salon services...reasonable prices. Makesure you ask for the services in the new upstairs rm.s if you want 'cause sorta disappted when they gave me the body wrap in the old section!...honestly, i have had better wraps than this 1 but the massage was worth it...hubby found the deep muscular massage was only ok...at least take a free tour.SO, all in all, we did enjoy our stay @ the Flamenco...clean rm. ; grd.s, good food, didn't go any tours for the 1st time, enjoyed the beach and little ventures to the markets...worst was waiting from 1am checkout for the 4:30 pickup!....man, still went to the buffet like 3 times before saying goodbye!Would come back again with family/friends for a enjoyable, relaxing getaway!Met a few people who r back here for the 3rd-4th visit.Lots of Canandians, Italians, Germans, French...lots of couples like us as well as families;seniors.Take Dominican Pesos 'cause the exchg from USD/CD is NOT good!Take some USD. Keep both in sm denominations, cause you don't want wack of sm chg ! PLus banks NEVER have sm. USD bills for tips!No stomach probs...avoided deli meat that was out long,the rare beef/anything that felt warm if they were suppose to be cooled...worried, take pepto....we just took few days of Acidophilus( good bacteria pills) before goin'( can get from healthfood store, known as yogurt pills, can buy the unfrigerated kind for travel).Remember, DR is not home where we have all luxuries...notice along your busrides all the new hotels they r building to attract tourists...notice the livin' conditions...Have an open mind and you enjoy Flamenco like us!Email me if you have questions!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>status11
<Content>Great Place to stay, eat and relax I have to start by saying that I personally enjoyed my trip and have nothing horrible to say. I will however give some advice and descritptions.Upon arrival the airport was great, all outdoors and very easy to get around, finding a taxi to get to the hotel was also easy all we had to do was ask their were tons of people waiting to give rides.( I think we paid a little more than we should have, going to the hotel cost $40 and going back to the airport cost $28 but oh well)Check in at the hotel was a little messy but we went through a time share and there was a lack of communication between the time share Co. and Hotel. I would recommend just calling ahead to verify your reservations are all set. The front desk and service desk staff are very helpful.The rooms are pretty basic but a decent size (didn't spend to much time in the room) It is basically two twin beds pushed together to make a larger bed and can easily be seperated. The resort is pretty big with a huge pool and two Great buffets and also some restaraunts you need to make reservations for. Make you reservations quickly they book fast.As for the food, I am not a picky eater and enjoyed the food, it is not all the same quality I am used to being from the US but there was always somehing good at the buffet. We ate at the italian reservation place and I would NOT reccomend eating there it was NOT very Italian and NOT very good. The steak Place was much better. The pizza place actually made great pizza and there is a burger place that has great fries and onion rings, the burgers are a little different.As for the staff, I did not have any problems they were all extremely friendly. At the buffet the service for drinks is a little slow we actually just got up and got our own most of the time and alot of times had to get our own silverware but that was no big deal for our group. The bartenders are ALL awesome, so much fun and accomadating we brought alot of singles and tipped according to service which at an all inclusive is not neccesary but appreciated by your servers. The drinks are not very strong and had to switch to shots which none of us could do back home. There are great fruity drinks but do not expect to get to tipsy.We went to Manati Park and swam with the dolphins, I would suggest that if you have never done it before, you don't get to stay in the pool with them for very long but it was so amazing just being in the water with them.We also did the horseback riding which was so much fun, the leader really let us walk, trot or gallop whatever we were comfortable with. The horse farm was a long ride from our hotel but we all thought it was well worth it, we did the 1 hour tour but would have def. not minded doing the longer one.The sand was perfect and soft the ocean was refreshing and gorgeous! The shopping centers are tough, people are very aggresive and some get upset if you don't go in their store. Their prices are NOT cheap and you can bargain a little and if you go to walk out they usually will go down on price but still NOT cheap like other places I have been. Vendors come to the hotel on Friday night and we got the best prices there, we named out price and they pretty much took it. I think we would have been better off to use peso's than US money. You can exchange your money for peso's.I would definatley reccomend this resort for couples and families, didn't seem like there were too many singles.I would highly reccomend this resort and may return, I usually only visit an island once and then go somewhere else the next trip but if we were to go back I would stay here again.Have a great trip!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ALANA16
<Content>Loved It! Beach is Exquisite I went from April 8-e 15. I went with My boyfriend and 4 friends (early 20's) we had an amazing time.Check-In: Very quick as we arrived at 930pm. We were brough to our room very quickly. We are VIP members, the workers spoke pretty good english for a spanish speaking country.Room: We were in building 15, on the first floor. It was nice we had 3 rooms which were all located next to each other. The rooms were nice and clean. The bathroom wasn't exceptional, but we did not go on the vacation for the room, that's forsure. On our second night there we got yelled at by some french man at 8pm because we were loud for 4 nights when that was our 2nd night there. The hotel moved us after our 4th night just so there was peace. We were moved to building 25 on the third floor which had an ocean view this building was amazing.Food: The first 4 nights we ate at the A La Cartes. The mexican was good so was the Italian. The Steakhouse was excellent as well as the Oriental. The buffet had lots of food so there was always something to eat, even for the pickiest eater. Night Life: Mangu is awesome! Always packed, music is good mix of hip hop, house and local. Drinks were $4-$6 each depending on the alcohol. (Imports obviously cost more) Stick to local alcohol! The shows at the resort were amazing. Karoke night was so fun. At the end of the show they always ask the crowd to come up and do a dance, its so fun. Usually after the show we would go to the lobby bar where it is really packed and loud. Our bartender is Conyz! Hes too funny! Tip at the beginning of your trip and you will always be taken care of! My advise...Try the Mamajuana it is awesome, but you will not go to sleep.Pool: The pool was shallow which was cool, it was just a huge chillin space and the swim up bar is always good. Always lots of chairs.Beach: The beach is exquisite and the water is awesome. To get a chair you need to get up early so its close to the water. You will see lots of speedos and topless women. Overall, My friends and I would definately return to this resort. It really pays off to have VIP as the staff is a little more lientant on how loud you are and what you do. I would rate this resort as a 4.5/5 and so does occidental. This resort is surely European and Canadian Majority. Always remember that when you are booking online, or researching prices all sites have there own way of rating. Expedia may say its a 5 star travelocity might rate the same hotel a 4 star. The only way to really tell is to go to the site that owns the hotel and see there star rating  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The beach and pools were fantastic! I really enjoyed the beach and several pools.The weather was outstanding and I got a a great tan but that sun is hot and we seen alot of very badly burnt people.As for the resort ,the front desk will drive you nuts!Very slow ,they can't understand you and you can't understand them.Its very annoying after a along ride from the airport through this poverty ridden country.Towels must be very expensive bcuz they don't like to give you any.Don't let the bellman take your bags,you'll sit for at least 2 hours.Take your own bags when you get your room key.The food was very good but 75% of servers very ignorant.The room was ok, there wasn't any bugs, and the beds were comfortable.Alot of topless and speedo wearing by people who shouldn't be.The disco was different,Alot of natives and hookers,also the full body search when you walk in is a bit much.We had a good time but you can't bring anyone back to your room if they're not staying there.That is terrible and I wouldn't leave the resort unless its very necessary and never at night.The market is very annoying ,the salesmen don't leave you alone and they don't sell anything worth the aggrevation.Beautiful beach and pools ,decent drinks and food ,and alot of relaxing at the resort is what you get here,but DO NOT LEAVE THE RESORT!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unusual experience! My husband and I went to the Suncape in Punta cana last spring and it was great. We've also been to the Allegro and the Grand Flamenco in Mexico, both were wonderful. We were excited to return to D.R.Our experience at this reort was quite different. Great and not so great! We got there and were really happy to get upgrated to a Junior suite at no extra cost, unfotunately there was no air conditioning and a broken door lock for 2 days finally after seeing the manager 3 times both were fixed. Actually it was kind of fun climbing over our balcony which luckily was on the main floor to get in the room through the patio door. We weren't upset because the weather was incredible and we spend our time at the great pool or the fantasic beach. The pool bartenders was very nice!! All staff appreciate tips.The buffet and the beach restaurants were ok. As others said you can find something or get a great pizza. The resort is very beautiful and very clean.The 4th day we were sitting next to the pool talking about our next vacation in the D.R.sitting when we were confronted by a group of upset men and women. They accused us of stealing their towels! As everyone knows all the towels are exactly alike. We asked them to leave and they threating to steal our things and tried to get my husband to fight. We went to the manger and asked to see security and also the Allegro vacation manager and they said they would send security to talk with us but never did. Coincidently my husband's watch came up missing. We reported this as well by to ne avail. This may very well be an isolated incident. Overall we had alot of fun and would go to the D.R. again but not take a chance on this resort.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rltga
<Content>Punta Cana Paradise       At the beach Punta Cana  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a good trip but don't expect anything above 4 stars! My boyfriend and I just returned from the Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana. It was our first all-inclusive trip. We thought we would post some comments that might be helpful to those thinking of travelling there.We arrived very late Saturday night, past midnight at the resort. When we got off the bus that picked us up from the airport, there are these bag men that try to grab your luggage and put it onto a scooter. They will offer to drive you and your luggage to your room, but then will expect a tip afterwards. Make sure you help hold of your luggage at all times if you don't want to pay out unnecessarily.Checking in took longer than was necessary. Front desk staff spoke English relatively well. When we got there we were very hungry, but was told there was only a snack bar that opened until midnight (that was the time we arrived). We said we thought there was a 24-hour snack bar, but we were told that it burned down 2 months ago!!So don't expect to be eating past midnight at this resort!Having no alternatives to get a bite to eat, we decided to head off to our room. We were in building 11. Our first impressions of the room were not good. First of all, we did not get anything we requested: king bed, non-smoking, ocean-view. Instead, what we got was a smoking room, 2 double beds side-by-side (one of which felt like it was collapsing), and not even close to the ocean.The floors are bare, no carpet, but that makes sense since you would be treaking sand and water into the room, but the room was definitely not what we expected. Furnishings are bare, and don't even bother paying $15 US for a safe....It was small and made of poor quality, and did not look as if it could keep anything safe!However, the worst part of the room was the bathroom!! If you are used to a clean decent functioning bathroom, then don't expect it here.The facets and tub were rusting...and there were more than a few ants in there! When I first turned on the shower, brown water came out!!! Definitely nasty! So our first impressions were not very good, but fortunately for us, it got better the next day.On the positive side, (the room was definitely the worst part of the experience) the resort was very nice. Great landscaping, and looks just like it does in those travel brochures (sometimes you worry that they touch up those pictures.) Lobby is open-concept and very large, but not air-conditioned, so you might be a bit hot...Grounds seem to be well-kept...maintenance workers were on the grounds all week long, and they were painting, triming the shrubs, etc...Beach is beautiful...wonderful sand and truly torquiose waters! Pool is also very nice, but shallow, so don't expect to go swimming! There are plenty of pool and beach chairs, but don't expect to get any in the shade unless you get up very early in the morning to hog them (like many people do...just leave their towels there for hours and never show up until much later). I definitely think the resort should have a general courtesy rule that if the chair occupiers do not return in 30 mins, their chair is up for grabs.Both the pool and the beach were clean.Staff in general was friendly, and service was good. Definitely an asset if you speak a word or two in Spanish, since some servers speak some English, while others don't really understand any at all.Tips are not expected, but will definitely help at the bar!Maid service was also good...she came every day and did a good job tidying up the room...However, if you ever need anything after hours by calling the front desk, don't expect to get a response that same day!I had a request to replace our hairdryer in the room, since it was broken, and no one ever got back to me, despite the fact that I called twice. So I would say calling housekeeping or front desk for service once you are in your room is extremely poor.Food was enjoyable, albeit might be very different for some folks!Buffet restaurnant was very fancy! Table cloths and nice place settings and everything. A good selection, but the food might get tiresome after a while (same type of food).We really enjoyed the a-la-cartes...we went to the Italian twice, Mexican once, and Grill once. Food was best at the Italian and Grill restaurants. Service was also excellent there. Food was all right at the Mexican a-la-carte, but service was poor and extremely slow!We also ate the the Homerum snack bar often, and it was good was quick snacks like fries.Drinks there were excellent and in good supply. Their domestic beer was excellent, and so were some of their other mixed drinks. Lots of bottled water available. There are many bars suitated in the resort, so you can get a drink no matter where you are!To get beach towels daily, there was only 1 towel station located at the beach, so it was annoying to have to walk all the way there if you were just at the pool! Definitely need a pool towel station.At one point during our stay, we lost our room key in the ocean. We had to pay a replacement fee for the key of $20 US, which was a total rip-off and really angered us, since it was not any sort of fancy key with sophiscated lock systems or anything! Another thing that angered us was that they only wanted US dollars for the room key, but you cannot get US dollars anywhere on the resort or from the cash machine!How can you expect people to pay in US currency, but not have any available to get? What if we had run out of US money?We bought gifts from the gift stores, and were also totally ripped off! Their peso to US dollars conversion was extremely high, and they were not open to bargaining for prices at all! We were in a tough situation since we had to buy gifts from there, as we were not going off the resort, so we would not recommend purchasing any gifts from the resort gift stores.Near the end of the week...vendors did come into the resort to display their products of art, jewellry and alcohol, and although they were very aggressive at selling their products, at least they were open to bargaining and we got some good deals.So we had a good trip...but there definitely could have been improvements made...so be weary of the things we have outlined, and then make your own decision on whether or not this resort would be good for your time and money.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time Before going away I researched like mad and read all reviews. Some were bad and some were good. All I can do is be honest about my experience at this resort. My boyfriend and I went from March 31 - April 7. The weather was incredible. Even the cloudy days were hot (usually they cleared up). The service at the front desk was a little disappointing. There was usually like 3-5 people behind the desk and only about 1 or 2 actually working.The resort itself was glorious to look at and the ground perfectly kept and always maintained. The only bad thing was the way people don't know how to throw their garbage in the garbage bins (which were plentiful).Our room was spacious and always cleaned and Juan was great.The beach was just beautiful and you can walk and walk and keep walking.The food was plentiful and there was always something we found that we liked. The only disappointment was no coconut. We couldn't find any.We were planning on going to the market to buy but forgot that idea the night the market people came into the hotel to sell their wares. If you have a problem with Toronto salespeople, then forget dealing with Dominican's. They are extremely pushy and the only stress I felt was when dealing with them. We bought only a few things at market places and the rest at the hotel stores (which are soooo overpriced). The time went by nice and slow. The horseback riding experience is only for people who either know how or are daring enough to ride these insane horses. It was a blast.Be warned that any long distance calls you make you will be charged $2.00 each for. Whether you use a long distance card or the operator. Also be warned that these people are reluctant to change American money into small American bills and prefer to stick you with pesos. So bring lots of small change with you.I think this place is great for families, couples and singles. Hope this info. helps.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ytsirhc
<Content>Great trip!!!! cant wait to go back.             huge lobby with bar  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SEAONK
<Content>Health, I鈥檓 a New YorkerThe place is what it isThis may hurt some... The rooms are as expected clean and slightly outdated.Let鈥檚 face it you鈥檙e paying for two people around $2,000 to 2,500 with airfarefor 6 nights鈥?Even if it鈥檚 half that a few DOLLARS goes a very long way. Or wait, sit, stand and b---鈥?you鈥檒l get exactly what you don鈥檛 want (Trust me it happened every day)The average staff member takes home about $45.00 a week (27 peso to the $)D.R people are full of life very proud and most very poorHave fun spend the money! A $100 dollars worth of singles as some 鈥淭ripadvisers鈥?have advisedis all you鈥檒l needFood: Most if not all is of poor qualityWhat I likedBreakfast: Eggs and Whole wheat toast鈥?br/>Lunch: Beach Grill (tip the Bartenders)Dinner: Go with Pizza, Steak House  buffetWhat stunk?Mexican, Chinese and definitely the Italian---Don鈥檛 believe the B.S about any restaurant being fullWalk up and quietly inquire at the restaurant of you r choice$10.00 or less takes care of any reservation problem.Beach, Beach鈥?.BeachIt鈥檚 what鈥檚 coolOver look the obvious flaws and you鈥檒l have a great timetake care of the staff and they鈥檒l take care of you GuaranteedWould I go Back Yes it was fun and a very nice experienceTake the jeep safari to the D.R homes and farms it鈥檚 an eye opener for someLove the D.R Punta CanaOH YEA! No one got sick (except for SUN BURN) bring the sun block  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Beach - Okay Hotel 3/23/05-3/26/05 My boyfriend and I flew into Santo Domingo and took a taxi into Punta Cana. The taxi people at the airport are very aggressive. We got a deal for $100 US for about a 3 hour taxi ride (The going rate is $120). Be careful of people who appear to be drivers, but are not affiliated with actual companies (if you don't see company logos/signs be weary). As we were driving, we saw the country...my advice DO NOT EAT THE BEEF anywhere in the Dominican Republic. We saw cows eating garbage and a lot of unsanitary conditions throughout (remember this is a developing country). Upon arriving at the hotel around 6pm, we proceeded to check-in. It was a bit slow, but we got everything taken care of. Room/Service: We got to our room 10-226...there was a slight musty smell, but we just aired out the room a little. You need to put the card into the wall for the electricity to work. I checked the toilet/sink/shower, everythig worked. The mini-bar was empty (no bottled water). We called the front desk and they said someone will come to take care of it. We went to get food in the meantime. We came back to the room, still no bottled water. We called the front desk again, they said someone will be there right away. That didn't happen. We called again about 20 minutes later and finally someone came. If you want clean/new towels the next day you have to put them in the bath tub, otherwise they don't change them. Our maid was nice, she cleaned the room and left flowers. Don't leave any drinks/food out, as this will attract bugs (ants/cockroaches). Bring insect repellant/bug spray because you will get lots of mosquito bites both in the room and outside, candle or other air freshener for the smell. Food: We stopped by the pizza place because it got good reviews. We avoided all meat except for chicken and fish. My opinion regarding the pizza...it was just okay (It obviously wasn't NY or Chicago style pizza, but it was decent). The wait for the food was 45 minutes. The waiters were slow. We got our own drinks from the bartender by the pizza place, because it was just faster. The next morning (Thursday) we were up by the Restaurant Reservations by 8am (you can only make reservations 8am-4pm and they book fast so go early). The Oriental place was booked until next Tuesday, so we didn't get to eat there (since we were leaving Saturday). But we did get the Steakhouse (hoping we can eat something other than beef) and for the Mexican place. The steakhouse was eh, we only ate the appetizers they brought out (bread/dipping sauces, fish, chicken, salad, fries). If you're daring and will risk getting sick...try all the meats...they bring out a lot (chorizo, beef, lamb, chicken, fish, etc). I did not like the Mexican Place. We ordered Chicken Fajitas, they weren't too good. All we got were fajitas and some chicken, nothing else. We went to the buffet for breakfast and just ate fruits and breads. The beach buffet was good for lunch. My boyfriend loved the fish. They had good italian pasta, and the same salad/fruit as they do throughout the day. The orange juice was fresh and good. The Home Rum was good for fries, nachos, and onion rings. Bar: The lobby bar was good. We tipped a little and kept with the same guy. He put extra liquor in our drinks. The pool bar was also good. We didn't go out to the dance club, so I have no info on that. My favorite drink was the Bahama Mamma : )Activities: You can pick up the weekly activity schedule at the Fun Club which is by the Kid's Play area. It tells you what's going on each day and at what time. If you want to do sailing, you have to sign up really early in the morning, I think it was 9am for the sail that day. We went on the Tiki Party Boat $65 each at the resort (you can buy the tickets from expedia for $25 pp). That was a lot of fun. It was drinks, snacks, music/dancing, and snorkeling on a boat for about 5 hours. The snorkeling was decent, but we've seen better. Beach: The beach was amazing. The water was warm and blue. The sand is very soft. The sun was HOT. Make sure to apply lots of sunblock (especially on the tops of your feet and hands...a LOT of people had really bad burns there). Also, apply to skin where your hair parts. We got our towels without a problem. We always got there around 9-10ish. But as people said before, you do need to be up around that time to get lounge chairs, much earlier if you want the hut above your chair. I saw people put their towels out around 7-8 for the huts. We never had a problem finding chairs on the beach around 9:30, but if you leave the beach and want to go to the pool in the afternoon, you probably won't get lounge chairs. Shopping: If you want local shops, go to the right of the beach for about 15 minutes. There the people will ask you to come into EVERY store and say special price for you, cheapy cheapy price, orginal stuff, etc Then they try to sell you paintings for like $100. We made out with a $100 canvas oil painting for $25. Its either hit or miss with the dealers though because one store owner refused to go any lower than $100 for a tiny painting that we saw all over. Just be careful of the currency conversion. You don't need to pay anything in pesos, as everyone accepted US dollars, just make sure to have change. Airport: Final tip at the airport. You do need a tourist card (it's green). We got ours in the US at the Airport for $11 each, it's $10 each in the DR. You see the signs all over the airport. We didn't have to pay any departure taxes and everything was easy to find. Medicine/Supplies: We brought aleve, pepto, alka seltzer, etc but didn't need any of it, as we didn't get sick. They only offer shampoo, bath gel, soap, and a hair dryer in the room, so you need everything else. Aloe lotion is a good idea, as well as mosquito repellent and bug spray, and air freshener. We took anti-malaria medine before we went because of recent outbreaks (so check with the CDC before going to the DR to see if you need medicine). All in all, I had a great time because we had great weather. I wasn't expecting an American 4-5 star hotel (which this isn't). But for the country, the hotel is nice and worth going to (if you get a discount on the room). I don't think you can really find too many other places that are this good in such a poor country. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value, Beautiful Decor Just got back with my wife and we both had a great time. Service is good and staff is friendly. Disappointed in specialty restaurants though. The food was much better at the buffets.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome vacation I just returned from a 4 day trip to Punta Cana. This hotel was excellent. I do not have one complaint. The food was excellent. The people were friendly and the place was spotless. I had a few worries after some of the reviews that were written but I think going into it you have to understand you are going to a third world country. Things arent always done the way we do them here in the US. The people work very hard there and I think it shows. We ate at the Italian and Spanish restauarnts. They were both very good. The buffet always had a huge selection for all meals. The pools and the ocean were great. No shortage of lounge chairs. If you go to the market prepare to be harassed but if you just laugh it off you get through it. Overall, it was a great trip and would go back in a heartbeat  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go With An Open Mind We have just returned from The Grand Flamenco. After reading many of the other posts, I got a sense of what to expect. Knowing how helpful they are to people considering a vacation, I have decided to add my two cents. It's a quick, 3 hour plane ride from N.Y. - The airport in The Dominican Republic is outstanding. It is built as a huge series of huts. There is a $10 fee per person to enter the country. We had to search for our transportation, but once found, they were very nice. They made it known tips were expected - so we did, but not as much as we would have if they weren't so obvious. We arrived at the hotel only to find all of our requests when booking were not available. I was quite upset and considered just getting out of there right then. We compromised and it turned out ok. I have learned from the other guests that the reception area is the weak link at this resort. They enjoy running people around trying to get the rooms they requested. By the way, if you book a king bed - you will get two double's put together. After you leave that area, things will improve. The resort is very clean. The staff very nice. The entertainment staff try very hard, but are working with bad material. They do get the audience involved. The beach is one of the best I have seen. It's beautiful! Getting a hut styled umbrella is difficult unless you want to get up with all the Europeans and stake your claim. I wish all the senior citizens from Germany and France would realize that the Speedo's and topless sun bathing isn't thrilling the rest of the guests. As for the food, it seems like a problem in the entire island. We spoke to people from other resorts who were just as unhappy. I would recommend bringing Pepto-Bismal with you and take a shot of it everyday. We did and no one got sick. I do this when we go to Mexico and it has always worked. We were also very careful. Our diet was french fries, onion rings, well-done hot dogs, olives and eggs. We discovered the pizza the night before we left and we wish we knew about it earlier. The kids loved it, but you will wait about 45 minutes after ordering. As for our rooms - they were ok. I agree with some of the other comments...not enough lights...our bathroom door wouldn't close and no one fixed it. But is was acceptably clean. The towels were given like they were gold bars and I had to ask for more soap. The paper holder was missing (strange) and was replaced as soon as I brought it to their attention. American's are the minority. Many Canadians, Germans, Frence, Russian....you know who the Americans are because we have, by far, the best manners. It is not possible to get drunk on the drinks they serve so feel free to consume as much as you want. If you bring large mugs with you, they will make your drinks in them which will save you time going to the bar to get another because the cups they use are extremely small. My kids did not participate in the kids club, nor did I ever see a kids club going around the resort. Going back to the airport, our transportation arrived on time, they told us that instead of paying $10 to enter the country, we now had to pay $20 to leave. They were looking for tips again. We decided enough was enough and didn't give them anything. It turns out, you don't have to pay to leave, so that little joke cost them their tip.  We did have a very relaxing vacation. I think it's good value. We are glad we went but I wouldn't go back - but I usually don't go back anywhere twice because it's a big world...  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>triploverNewLondon
<Content>Very good time There were 10 of us that spent the week of March 4-11, 2005 at this resort. I am sure that I can speak for all of us that we all had a good time. The food - Most of us could always find something to eat at the buffets - The buffet by the beach is excellent for noon lunch. They are open at noon til around 2:00. If you're really fussy about food and like hamburgers, during the day there is the Home Rum above the pool bar and after 7:00 you can get a very good pizza over by the specialty restaurants. Ate at the Mexican, Steak and Italian restaurants and they were all very good, however, at the Italina rest.half of our party had to wait an excedingly long time to get their food. Way over an hour. Some ate at the Chinese and they said that that was very good. The buffet at breakfast seems to be much better than in the evening. Yes, the food is kinda tasteless and the desserts are not very good but remember this is a third world country. Do tip you get better service.The rooms - Definately need to be updated but are kept very clean by the maids(and yes, 2.00 a day for the maid goes a long way-we were never without enough towels and the sheets were changed every day). The bars-every bar tender I encountered was very friendly and accom. The water in the pools is very cold and they have this fountain running over the pool bar so we just got drinks and got out of the pool bar area.The pools - Yes, people save lounges by putting a towel on them. So what, first come first served. There are plenty of lounges never had to go without. There are little coves in the main pool that are like cold jacuzzies. The water is shallower in them and a little warmer. On a hot, sunny day it felt good to sit in them. Pools were great.Beach - Beautiful and the best sand I ever walked on. When you get further from the resort area-about a 15 walk to the right you run into the shop district and the owners are quite insistant (even grab a hold of you) that you give them a minute of your time to look at their wares. Excursions - I would not venture off the resort other than to go walking on the beach or to go to the Bavaro Plaza that is right outside the main entrance. I did not always feel safe outside of the resort. Be careful on the excursions, we went on an ATV tour and it was not exactly what was told to us, however, we went through some parts of Punta Cana area that were the real thing on how the average islander lives that does not have a job at a resort. We went to Catalina Island on a snorkeling/dive trip. The catamaran was covered, so not much sun. The island time was way too long on the day we were there. If a cruise ship comes to the island, you go to the other end that is not quite as nice. All of the nice shops and better amenities are catered to the cruise ship. That is what happend to us. I don't know if you can find out the cruise ship schedule. Catalina island is about a 2 hr bus trip from the punta cana area. The snorkelers said that they did see a lot of fish. (I dove and there are fish but nothing spectacular-was first time to 100' depth and first wall dive. Also, went horseback riding for an afternoon. Wow, some of us went for the ride our lives across the beach as our horses went at a full gallop. Most of the horses just stick to a trot. It was fun. You can pretty much add 15 minutes on to the time they tell you it will take for the bus trip to anywhere.Diving - My husband and I are divers. Nice warm water. If you sign up with the Sea Pro(dive shop is by the towel exchange at the beach)you leave right from the beach. Quite an adventure in a tiny little skiff-type boat. Rudolfo was a great dive master. Not many fish but we did some cave diving which we had never done before. Maximum depth is 45' so very safe and calm. The only employees I got to know were Maria (check in) and Carlos (Pool Bar) We were there as Allegro owner so had a black band and did not get bothered at all by anyone in sales. Also, for Allegro owner and any guests you get to go to the VIP bar(up the white staircase to the left and at the end) Very good liquor in there.Weather was great. If you go, you'll have a good time.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Rate We just got back and had a great time. The hotel was very luxurious, with immaculately kept grounds and a very friendly and attentive staff. I called the front desk to report a problem with the television in my room and five minutes later someone was knocking on my door ready to fix it.The food was wonderful. The drinks were great. We especially enjoyed the desserts.They had many pools and a beautiful white sand beach. Both were very clean.The weather was great, except for a bit of rain on one day. Avoid this hotel in August and September (too rainy according to the staff).My wife and I really enjoyed the shows and dances.We look forward to going back. A little bit about us, we are in our late fifties and early sixties and speak Spanish fluently.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Loved the Beach       Beach Huts  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Met our lowered expectations My wife and I stayed at the resort March 11-15, just a quick getaway. Our stay was about what we expected from the online reviews and my coworkers experiences. I believe that all of the negitive issues surrounding the problems that people write about stem from lack of staff, lack of resources and lack of proper training. There a few employees that obviously have had training at their jobs, but the vast majority are just winging it, due to no fault of their own. I did not see anyone that resembled management overseeing the meal services or anywhere else for that matter. One will feel forgotten on a daily basis at meals.Not enough glasses for juices at breakfast, not enough coffee carafes. The staff often have not prepared the dining areas properly with dining set-ups, water glasses, coffee cups, milk, water, spoons, salt, sugar. If you are not willing to get out of your seat to get it yourself you will do without. There is no sense of first come first served. You would do well to sit next to the waiter stations because that's who gets served first, however who wants to sit next to a waiter station? Not once did someone stop by the table to say, I'll be right with you, or I know you've been waiting an hour for your pizza, it will be right here. The guests become edgy beacuse of the poor service, then the staff become even more non communicitive with the guests. I guess I'm trying to say that the meals are the most stressed thing you'll do. It's easy to say just bring your patience, or we're easy going, by the third day of all this, you'll understand the full meaning of what I'm saying and why I'm taking so much time to say it. Beaches great, grounds clean, pools clean, food tasty, our room was nice, we were on the third floor with a vaulted celing, I like vaulted celings. drinks/beer good, guests were friendly, staff were friendly (most of the time). Next time I'll take a pass on this one and try somwhere else.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>joevny
<Content>Don't believe any bad reviews The place is fun! The food is pretty good...drinks are great. Make sure you tip the bartenders, they will be your best friends. Don't expect premium liquor. Rooms are very decent...maybe could be a little better but if you came here to sit in your room your crazy. Staff is great...maybe they don't speak the best english but they speak a little of 7 languages. There are people from many countries coming here. Tip the maids and you'll get whatever you want. Make your dinner reservations as soon as you get there as some of the restaurants have a few days wait. Don't buy the Occidental vacation package someone will try to offer you( this only happened to us once) When you leave the beach and walk down the beach you'll find all the local shopping...they are aggressive but a polite no thank you makes them leave you alone. Beach is beautiful. Go on the Jeep daytrip if you want to see the real DR it was very interesting. The worst part of the staff will be the front desk. They seem very busy. But everyone else is great maids, bartenders, waiters, grounds crew.PS the people who complained about this place probably should stay at a RITZ CARLTON...so they can brag to there friends!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>reviews are accurate Stayed 2/22-2/27 with my wife, best advice I can give is to read thru the reviews on this site; lots of good info... If what you're looking for is a nice beach  quite time, and aren't a picky eater, this could be for you. I'll probably try another country next time, but that's just me :) Grand Flamenco is probably as good as it gets for Punta Cana.I did extensive research on both Cancun  DR before deciding on Grand Flamenco. Deciding factors were reviews of beaches  price.The Good:Beaches  Pools were great. Clean, lots of chairs, shade if you want it. Be aware that the water here is more Atlantic than Caribbean (green  a little cooler than I expected). Weather was great, always an on-shore wind to keep things cool. Didn't spend much time at the pools but they were good also ( HUGE). Be aware that people go out early  put towels on the best chairs to 'claim' them, then don't show up until noon. Not very considerate, but seemed to be accepted practice. Not a huge problem since there were lots of chairs.Staff - Everyone was very nice  accomodating. If you leave the maids a couple of dollars  let them know what you want, you'll get it no problem. Bartenders  waiters are good also.... If you want a bottle of wine for the room just ask.Transportation/Airport - Everything was suprisingly easy; on arrival it was easy to locate the tour group transportation. After a short wait while others were gathered up, we were off to the resort (only took about 40 minutes to get there). One the trip back, we took a cab to maximize beach time, was $22 American. Didn't take long to check in for the return trip.Disco - fun time, lots of activity. Drinks are not included in the deal, but they are reasonable.Rooms - not bad, but not great either. Large room with fridge  balcony. Shower was lukewarm, pressure not great. Bed was fine. You shouldn't be in the room much anyway :). FYI you have to slide your room card into a slot in order to turn the power on -Not so goodFood - we're not picky eaters but the food really wasn't very good. Huge variety, but quality wasn't good. If you like fruit  pastas you'll be OK, I was over it after 5 days. Reservation restaurants were a little better in my opinion but not worth the trouble (if you do want to eat there, sign up in the lobby your first day as the slots fill up quickly). We did pre-emptive strikes against stomach issues with immodium, etc  were fine ( my wife has fragile stomach).Other guests - must be a cultural thing, but it seems the concept of 'waiting in line' is not practiced in some other countries. People will barge to the front like there is no one else waiting patiently. Very frustrating!Time Share Sharks - other reviews have covered this, sorry to say they're right; just say no  keep going. If pressed, say you're only there for a couple of days  are not interested. They seem not to bug you as much after you're there a few days.some tips:take some dollars, they go a long way.mosquitoes are not a problem.Get the room safe.learn a few spanish phrases if you're not a speakerif you buy stuff, barter (example we were quoted $45 for a necklace, got it for $4)Beach is big enough to get away from the 'activity' area if you want some quiet.We never felt unsafe at any time.HAVE FUN!you can email me at jchmail@yahoo.com if you have specific questions, I'll do my best.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DLL
<Content>Grand Flamenco, The trip was wonderful Reading the reviews before I went was a good thing, they had me terrified about going. But fortunately our trip was wonderful. The DR people cannot do enough for you. Our room was clean. The beach was beautiful. We truly enjoyed the entire vacation and relaxed thoroughly. I believe that if you go with expectations of things going wrong they will. If you go planning on leaving your worries at home you will have a wonderful time.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Third time we're out A group of twelve family and friends returned last week from a February 19th to February 26th third -time vacation to the Occidental Grand Flemenico in Punta Cana, DR.The first two years that we went there were very good except for minor things like trying to get a second key to our rooms or to get decent water pressure in most of the rooms. This year, in addition to the same problems, the food was very mediocre in taste and quality. Food that should be served hot was actually cold each and every day. We were told that the resort had hired a new chef. Also at breakfast unlike the past trips, it was a chore trying to get coffee. Seems they may have reduced thier staff.I do not think we will return to Punta Cana again.--Joe  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good time...BUT rooms need update! We were there 2/21-2/28Delighted to say the beach is beautiful with lots of shady areas available! We had nice meals at the buffet every night (although the beef was not edible), stick with the chicken, pork  turkey. Never went to any of the reservation restaurants due to their overall poor reviews. The shows at night were fun and if you love to dance the salsa you will have the opportunity. Drinks are good.The room (deluxe -bldg.23- 2nd floor) was worse than I expected. The bed cover looked dirty and old as did the fuzzy, pilled blanket. The bed was very soft with no headboard and one pillow. The lighting was poor and dim and one light did not work. No rugs and poor T.V. reception.The bathroom was old with missing pieces of grout. Litle bugs around the wash basin (they wanted to fumagate while we were there) Terrible water pressure and at 5:30 there was NO hot water. I told management and they were unreceptive.If you get a really good deal (say under $1,000.00 per week) I would say its worth it however ask to see your room first because I do believe some rooms are better than others. Don't pay more for this resort!!!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the resort - front desk does have some issues Hi there,It is lengthy, but I wanted to comment on many areas.I would recommend this resort to all ages. It was great with my kids. We traveled with a 6  8 year old. Adults here have just as much fun.The airport - great- Everything is very organized and went smoothly. Our ground transportation services VIP Services did an excellent job. On the way home, our rep stayed with us until all of our luggage had been checked and secured. The resort - When we arrived at 3 p.m., our room was not ready. Kind of disappointing after being up since 2 a.m., but we went and had lunch. After we had lunch, our bellhop took all of our bags to our room. The place takes a bit to get used to. It is huge. Bring good walking shoes.We met with our Funjet representative, Lilly, the next morning. She is also the coordinator with VIP services, the tour operator for the hotel. She did a great job.We had a bad experience night 2. Right before dinner during our showers, our toilet started gurgling. I knew this would not be good. Right before we left for dinner, it started to overflow excessively. I called the front desk and they indicated they would send someone to fix it and clean up the mess. I checked on it between the dinner and the evening show and it appeared to be fixed. My daughter flushed the toilet and the same thing was happening. I went back to the front desk and indicated it was not fixed and we once again have another mess in the bathroom. We went to the show. The show ended at 11 p.m. Got back to the room and nothing had been done. This had started at 7:30 p.m. I was kind of questioning why any maintenance personnel couldn't have addressed this during this time frame. To make a long story short, it took my husband and I ten trips to the front desk and got nothing but the run around. Our phone in our room would not accept any incoming calls from the lobby, (my husband and I took turns walking back and forth as we could not let our children unattended), so we had to walk back and forth for communication. At 3 a.m., I had finally had it. The front desk manager who I had been dealing with totally lied to us. He told me at that time, There is no maintenance personnel on duty and we were hoping you would just give in and go to bed. He would tell my husband one thing when he went up there and me another. I proceeded to throw the biggest fit right there so everyone would hear. We could not use the bathroom at all. What was I supposed to do with my kids if they got up in the middle of the night and had to use the facilities? I told him if he did not move us to a different room assisted my hotel personnel, I was moving my entire family to the lobby. At that time, he walked with me to our room and brought 2 bellhops. We were moved to a different room upstairs and the bellhops were great. After that, we had absolutely no problems with our room. We had a long meeting with our Funjet rep, Lily, the next day. She reported it to the hotel manager and we had a meeting with that person also. They sent a couple of bottles of rum to our room for compensation. They know they have issues with their guest services desk and we weren't they only ones who experienced that.Food/water - We found the food to be great. We ate at the buffet all nights, except for one. We did try the Italian and it was good. Food was plentiful and a huge variety was offered no matter what time of the day. We ate in the main buffet for breakfast and dinner, but ate at the Beach buffet for lunch or the Home Rum. Bottled water was abundant. No problems ever getting as much as you wanted. We didn't have any issues with getting sick from either. People have to remember that they are eating many different foods that they are not accustomed to, drinking much more than normal, and eating considerable more amounts of food at places like this. The pictures of the resort on the web page do not do this place justice. It truly was beautiful. People were working continuously cleaning and restocking. The beach was great. Endless miles of beach that you could play and walk on. Tipping in this country goes a long way. After we were moved to our second room, we put out small gifts  money for our housekeeper. That guy was escatic over this. He cleaned our room right away in the morning, cleaned after we left for dinner, and even turned down our beds every night. We left little things like shower gel, Jolly Ranchers candy, shampoos, conditioner, coloring books  crayons, etc. He thanked me and said his wife and kids enjoyed everything that we gave him. I made up a little sheet that said, These gifts are for you and your family. Please accept our appeciation.The same applied for our bartenders and waiters. We brought along our own distinct insulated mugs that the bartenders would recognize. After tipping, we didn't even have to ask for a beverage. Our kids even had their own mugs and the same applied for them. We tried to sit outside for dinner in the buffet area. We had an excellent waiter who treated us great! He seated us right away and by the time we sat down, he had all of our families' beverages on the table.The resort was at 90% capacity there which equates to about 2,000 people. I got up early every day (by 7 a.m.) to reserve a lawn chair by the beach. If you waited until after breakfast, you didn't have a prayer. I just took a nap if needed in the afternoon. Beach towels - they have an exchange service at the beach. Never opened on time. If you weren't there at 8 a.m., you didn't have a chance of getting clean towels. I truly think they could not keep up with laundry being at 90% capacity. People do not turn their towels in the night before, so the laundry services can't wash them. We got a second room key right off the bat. I bought $1 elastic wrist bracelets to put our keys on. That worked out great. I would highly recommend getting a safe key also. We learned that later in the week they ran out as the hotel filled up. I had no problem with anything being missing from the room. We only went on one excursion. The tours I thought were on the expensive side and we were happy to just stay at the resort. We went to the marinarium which I would highly recommend. My kids loved it. You take a boat out to a caged in area to snorkel with some sharks and rays. The sharks are not harmful and only eat plants. After snorkeling, you take a nice leisure ride to a shallow area where you can just play in the water. They have entertainment, food, and beverages. Entertainment - If you were bored here, it was your own fault. Endless beach activities all day long. Dance lessons, water volleyball, beach volleyball, soccer, etc. My kids enjoyed the Fun Club. This was a kid's activity center. They did a really good job. Every night there was a kid's show at 8:00 p.m. and an adult show at 9:30. We went to both every night. Upon check out - the person said you had 4 people with 2 twin beds. That was definitely tight. The manager on during check out said that we should have been switched to a suite with 2 king beds. Good thing my kids were small, as it was cozy in bed! I wish that would have been offered to us right off the bat.Exchange service - they do not carry American money. You can cash traveler's checks, but expect pesos back. If you booked your tours through the hotel, they would accept traveler's checks. We used our large traveler's checks to pay for the one tour we went on. Other than than, bring only smaller bills. It is better bargaining leverage for shopping and negotiating.Do not shop at the hotel gift shop. Way overpriced and out of line. Sunscreen $15 a bottle, Pringles $20 a can, etc. We walked down the beach to the right and there are all kinds of shops. Start out by offering at least 50% of the marked price.I hope you found this to be informative for you.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its what you and you kids ask for in the d.r unlike all these other people i loved the hotel!!! Theres a club right in front of it thats free and is for all the 18 year olds and above that is great. Especially when you go on holidays they decorate the place. I went for winter break and had a great time. The animacion/ fun club was great. They taught you club dances and latin dances. They were all so nice. The workers also spoke french, german, english, spanish, and dutch. There was even a guy who climbed the tress. Also on saturdays they have beach parties, and there night shows are great. If my family had fun then you can. Theres a plaza walkin distance from the hotel and theres manati park where you can swim with dolphins. What else would you want!! If my 14 years olds can have a great time and i can have my time to myself then its all good. You JUST GOTTA KNOW HOW TO HAVE FUN!!!!!! Get drunk, meet new friends, go clubbin, try new things, thats all what flamence grand is about. Maybe if you like it you will but property over there cause they have great rooms. JUST ENJOY IT!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYC travel addict
<Content>Very nice resort with some problems We stayed at the Grand GFlamenco 2/18-2/25/05. I went on a conference so brought along my 8y daughter and mother so that they could have a vacation on the side. We stayed in a regular deluxe room.Prior to checking in I had called from home requesting a water view room on the 2nd floor. On arrival we had a direct pool view room on the ground floor. Not bad if we wanted to be on public display for the 7 days as the pool lounge chairs were directly outside our window. Also due to the overhanging balcony from the floor above, the room was pretty dark and the wall lamps dim and dreary. Went back to the front desk and informed the desk member that the room was not as requested. He then stated that the resort was fully booked for incoming guests and that I got what I paid for which was not an oceanview. I asked how much it would cost to upgrade to one of which he replied that had to be done with my travel agent. I returned to the room looked around and decided that I'd definately be depressed to stay there the whole week. This time I called the front desk and spoke to a pleasant girl called Jeanette, who conveniently located a room on the 3rd floor, same building 25 ,which had the garden view and a little partial ocean view- for no additional cost! Building 25 was very conveniently located- it is right beside the kids club and swimming pool area, and one of the closest buildings to the Beach grill restaurant and a short walk to the beach.I had read the reviews prior to arriving so had a good idea of what to expect and they all were accurate to some degree. Keeping in mind that this is a 3rd world country.Overall the resort is very nice and clean, the staff keep it immaculate, even the public and private bathrooms had real flower decor. ROOMsOur room on the 3rd floor was bright and airy with almost cathedral high ceiling. This was nice except for the small pieces of concrete which fell on our pillows daily. Although we had a nice view there was still a degree of privacy even with the curtains opened. The room itself was very large compared to alot of resorts/hotel room I have stayed in. We had 2 double beds and one single bed for the child and still had plenty of room. The lighting was atrocius. Couldn't barely see anything at night with them. 3 out of the 7 lamps of the room were not working. The toilet did not flush properly and after the 3rd time to try and fix it, it overflowed at the back after each flush (but we put up with it since at least we had a working toilet).The beds were so soft that I ended up constant back pain in the mornings which took all day to wear off. There were no rugs on the stone tile floor so we had to wear our flip flops constantly. The air conditioner barely functioned after they supposedly fixed it, but I prefer the warmth instead of cold so the low amount of coolnest was ok for me.The bathroom was of a decent size also, so no tripping over each other in the mornings. All rooms had a small refrigerator with water and soda. There was also a little coffee maker with Dominican coffee and sweeters but no creamer.TV had some decent American channels.MAIDThe first housekeeping guy who was allocated to our groundfloor room was great, Mr Isidor or something. He got a few tips from us for helping and even doing things that the maid who was allocated to our 3rd floor room ommitted to do. That maid Ms Zoila constantly only placed 1 or 2 wash cloths or 2 hand towels or 2 bath towels for 3 people in the bathroom. No blanket on my daugter's bed for 3 days. When the maintenance men flooded the bathroom with toilet water the first day after trying to fix the toilet and then walked around the bedroom leaving dirty wet footprints everywhere, the maid just replaced the towels, made the beds and left the mess. Mr Isidor came and mopped and polished our floors after my mother ran out and found him in the hallway. Our gallon water should have been replaced every other day, one day we had none and on the 3rd day at midnight I called the front desk upon which someone came within 5 minutes with a new one.POOLsThere were only 3 pools, which were of decent size but nothing spectacular not even a slide in the kiddy pool. The Royal club area had a gigantic jacuzzi.KIDS CLUBVery basic. Not very much organized activities and no pool time for the children unlike some of the other all-inclusive resorts we've been to. It was open from around 9.30a to 6p daily and they did take the children to the beach grill for lunch and gave them afternoon snack. The playground had the right kind of equipment such as climbing frame, slide, ground games ie hopskot, sand and swings although my daughter stated that it didn't feel safe to swing hard on it.BEACHNice soft clean sand. It felt nice being able to walk on most of it without sandals on. Although alot of people did have their towels and things on the chairs beneath the shaded huts we could always find empty chairs to claim for ourselves, so there was no need to get up real early to stake our claim on the beach. The water was clear, minimal seaweed if any, but very windynot a calm sea.ACTIVITIESAlot to do if you want to partcipate. Dance classes twice a day on the beach, aerobics, etc. There were quite a few free activities included but it was pretty annoying that whenever you went to enquire about them they try to get you to purchase the acompanying activiy with it. For example the free snorkling, when I asked about it I was told that it consisted of the free snorkle equipment only, and if we were to go snorkling on our own we wouldn't see any fish out there unless we took their $20 per person catmaran tour (catmarans were also suppose to be free also by the way).FOOD the food at the buffet restaurant were definately better than I had expected.A good selection for all. The mornings selections were the best I seen anywhere so far. Of course I kept away from any thing that looked as though it could have been from the previous night's dinner such as the brussel sprouts, mash potatoes etc. The reservation restaurants were ok only. Was not impressed with the Italian and the service at the Mexican was extremely slow it took 1h and 15mins to get our food after ordering (did they forget about us?).We used the bottled water and kept our mouths closed during showers. Thought I'd made it uneventfully through the week until my last night there and came down with terrible food poisoning. I know exactly where it came from. La Rese where we had eaten before had previously served us an ideal grilled meal. The 2nd time which was on my final night the chefs appeared to have been in a hurry to serve us and so neglected to cook the food adequately. I can understand rare beef or lamb, but not rare sausages, pork ribs or chicken. They served me the white sausages first. After tasting them and realizing that it was awful and that the other tables had brown sausages I told my daughter and mother not to eat them. The pork was pinkish inside, everything basically was terrible. Within an hour my appetite had gone and I'm usually a candidate for deserts. Within 2 hours my stomach became bloated and then all hell let loose, from above and then below with the most awful stamach cramps ever. I was so weak and sick I could not even pack my suitcase in the dim light of the room or barely get out of bed to make it to the bathroom. By 5 hrs the onsite doctor had to make a room visit and give me some intravenous medications. If she hadn't arrived to help I probably would have got stranded at the hotel an extra day due to missing my plane secondary to ill health. I'm still symptomatic 3 days later. Only good thing is that I've now lost the weight that I gained there.TIME SHARE GUYSYes they were there and bothered you every day but it wasn't too bad. I belong to RCI so I agreed to see what they had to offer. Of course I wasn't interested in buying into their club but only to see what I could get for a successful exchange of a junior suite compared to joining the Royal club. Got a gift package of rums, spices, honey, logo bags and Tshirts etc with a vacation package I purchased from them also earlier prior to getting sick.WOULD I STAY THERE AGAIN?Most likely. WOULD I DO ANYTHING DIFFERENT?Yes. Not eat in the reservation restaurants. Inspect my food thoroughly and be more selective. Do a few more beach activities. Stay in a junior suite or the Royal club not a regular deluxe room. Bring the hubby along.Pack less daytime clothes (It's a beach resort).  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>grand flamenco not so grand, sorry! First of all, thanks to all the review writers I had the privilege of reading prior to taking this second trip, there were some good tips which we heeded for our own trip. Now I'd like to add my own 3 cents and hope this review will help someone in making their plans.Just returned from a one-week stay (2/15 to 2/22/05) and wished it had been only a weekend. This was our second time to the Flamenco and, yes, they have made some improvements:1. The buffet rest. is now air conditioned (but, somehow the flies still find their way indoors)2. The lobby bar has been moved to the back wall and the whole lobby is a giant bar hang-out -- great in the evening, but during the day?3. A mini casino was installed, it's cute but too smoky for my taste, my husband though loved it.The major complaint here was the weather which is not a reflection on the hotel of course. It began with a sunny day, but went downhill from there with mostly cloudy and very windy days (constant wind, not breeze, blowing day and night). This would normally be welcome but the avg. temp. was about 70 (instead of the 80 or 90F) -- cooooollllld!!! This part of the island does apparently not warm up until April or May (not like other Caribbean spots which are hot normally during our winter months.) If you go, definitely bring a sweater or jacket for the evening, and even for the day. And, definitely bring Peptobismol and other similar remedies -- most people seemed to be troubled by something.Now, to the food part. Every evening a big line formed for the 7 o'clock opening of the buffet rest. And when the doors opened, there was a big stampede to the tables (we tried to cope with this by joking which stampede we would like to join, the first, or second....) Once in the rest. the noise level is unbearable, people rushing for food and back to the tables, kids screaming and running around. So, if you're a family, then this is heaven. For those who prefer a quiet, unrushed, candle-lit tete-a-tete, the buffet rest. is not the place. Or, you could try having a bite there at 10:25 pm???? (10:30 pm closing time). Of course, there are the restaurants which we did not try, having talked to folks who did and were not impressed. What can I say, it was torture for me whereas my husband enjoyed, unperturbed, all the meals and wine. The food choices were many and I believe offered something for everyone. But for the ambiance.....One word of caution re food: there is an assortment of juices offered for breakfast and I liked especially the papaya juice until I started feeling queezy until I observed that when the papaya is blended, WATER is added to make the juice. So, it was fruit for me after that, no more juice.The people mix is an interesting blend from Canada, France, Germany, the U.K., Spain, and a sprinkling from the U.S. We met a few nice folks who like us were trying to make the best of their stay, with the Europeans averaging two weeks!One more thing, we found written invitations in our room, one to a bingo game, and once to merengue lessons, and found out they were a come-on to be introduced to a membership to the VIP club, i.e. timeshare.Also, while confirming our flight back home we were presented with invitations for daytrips. We did go to Saona Island ($80 but watch the exchange, it was supposed to be 28 to 1 but was calculated at 31???, well, at our insistence we ended up with a 5% disc.) -- lucked out with the weather that day and met a nice couple from England. But, the lobsters that were promised for lunch were no-where to be seen. When my husband inquired about the lobsters, he was told we had to have a reservation for them and a ticket, at $30 a lobster. So, when you look at the photo spread showing the chefs with all the lobsters in the blue waters, beware! The fare was grilled meats, fish, salads, fruits, bread, the usual, but no lobsters. The way to describe this outing from my point of view is to say it was a tourist trap kind of trip. Two thousand tourists are brought daily to Saona Island, the boats dock right near the beach, where we are supposed to swim, the seats for lunch have to be reserved with a personal item (otherwise you won't have a place to eat), the ocean water on the approach is emerald, but once you're in it, it's not quite as clear because of the boats' exhausts. On the return trip, there is a stop in shallow water, with the boats fuming their exhausts, to feed the piranas. Ridiculous! Then another stop in shallow water, with, counting 10 or 15 boats, and people roaming about -- then, finally at full speed to the Dominicus where we board the bus. The bus then stops at a trinket shop and everyone is walking about in the shop for about 15 mins. and then it's finally homeward bound. We were first on board (7:15 am) and then last to be delivered (7:30 pm). We had fun, what can you do, mope?One more thing about the Flamenco, the grounds are kept beautiful, the beach bar is great, but the rooms are dated and need sprucing up. The entertainment part leaves a lot to be desired (not like before when we were there), but you make your own then. Well, that's it. Have fun. Peace.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not recommend We went away for our family vacation this year, Jan15-22/05 to the Grand Flamenco, Punta Cana, Occidental hotel. It started with our 12 hour delay at the airport as the flight had mechanical problems, then we arrive at our hotel to find two staff at the desk that were overwhelmed by our presences. There was about 20 couples to check in, it tooks two hours to get checked in and to our rooms, they had no keys for our rooms. We were told that we would get keys the next day at 3pm, to just go to the room and shut the door. We got to our 2 rooms, one couldn't be opened, so the four of us slept in one room with two double beds. The Front desk was of no help during the stay, they could care less if you were unhappy, they just shrugged their shoulders. The food was okay, a nice variety ofrestaurants. The nightly entertainment was pathetic. I fell asleep watching it every night...... This hotel should be rated a 2 and priced at this level. It certainly wasn't worth the money we spent.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the worst vacations, thanks to the resort! I wouldn't even know where to start! Just don't go there! The rooms are depressing  the sheets smell. Please, do yourself a favor  spend the extra cash on a better resort. I've been to Punta Cana before  thought it was so beautiful I wanted to go back. This is not the real Punta Cana, it was the worst vacation ever!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't believe everything you read... I'll admit I was a bit weary about this resort after reading some of the negative reviews on this site but I was pleasantly surprised. Overall, our trip (Feb 11-14) was fantastic! The food was not bad at all (we ate a lot of Pizza and french fries-very good!). The bartenders at the lobby bar were great and remembered us from night to night (go easy on the mamajuana's). Every staff member worked extremely hard to make sure we were well taken care of. The grounds, beach and pool were immaculate. Our room was a little outdated but clean. The time share people were not that annoying and easy to bypass. We took along some antibiotics that our doc prescribed, just in case. We did not need them; we did not get sick. We drank and brushed our teeth with bottled water. We DID drink the fruity drinks (with ice) and still no problem. I would not hesitate at all to recommend this resort to anyone. Enjoy! You're on vacation!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed We stayed 10 days early this February. We have stayed at other hotels in Punta Cana and the Flamenco was a step below the others.The grounds, the beach, and the service was very good. However the rooms were dated with knobs missing, toilets not working properly (we were not the only couple with this problem), and furniture on the Motel 6 quality level. The food was not the same quality as other hotels and some of fountains not working. The most maddening thing was the daily assault by a group of salesman at the beach and at the buffet room trying to entice you into buying a timeshare. It was very annoying and affected my vacation.We will go back to Punta Cana but not to Grand Flamenco  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>was not impressed we just got back ,the food was not bad ,but found the peaple at the desk who you have to talk with about booking restaurants n at the hotel desk were hard to understand .we had to pay for are room safe 2 times they said we didnt pay and the guy when you book out would not smile.he could have knock the room safe off but looked at us like we were stupid.the beaches were very nice and all the bartenders were awesome .would not go back to this resort ,but we would visit punta cana again  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic! We were there February 6-13 with a group of 34. Always said I would never go back to the same place twice - but this one I will!. Food good, drinks GREAT. Look for Christian and Conyz at the main lobby bar and Antonio at the swim up bar. Give them a few dollars and they will be your friends for the remainder of your trip. They sure know how to make Tiki Tiki's! Pools were great, grounds immaculate, staff very very friendly, willing to please and most understood and spoke fairly good English. Some people got sick but I attribute that to eating too much food, drinking too much and too much sun. Enjoy!   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Carry On In The Dominican Republic - Not Going Back Hotel - 2* not 4* - who are you kidding?Rooms - horrible - Spanish style and looking 20 years old, damp and smelly, had a leak from upstairs. For some reason UK travel company guests are only allowed rooms on the ground floor - apparently we fall off the balconies higher up.....FoodDrink - Buffet tasteless and repetitive, lived on pizza and burgers! Only book the Oriental - evrything else is like school dinners. Drinks = If you like strong rough spirits and cheap beer you are OK. Staff - Friendly when everything OK, vanish when there is a problem. Very slow with drinks in restaurants. Best service at beach bar.Pool - OK, cold water. Pool bar only has beer or soft drinks.Stage - If you are British think Butlins 1970s - look it up in GoogleBeach - Best part of holiday - nice white, clean sand, warmish sea - get a sunlounger early in the day. Too many souvenir sellers. Have a walk to the ends of the beaches - nice and unspoilt. The beach bar turns into a disco at night but plays the same music Every night! - some disco, mostly local music.Trips - Expensive, US$40 upwards. Go on the local bus to Puerto Plata, very cheap from the resort gates - see the real DR.Resort - If you like gated communities and a concrete shopping center go here. If you like nice walks to local bars along the seafront try somewhere else. It is utterly boring at night.Guests - Hello to all the nice Canadians we met out out there! We had a great time with you all. The Brits and our nice Irish friends (AK) made it good too - without the company it would have been a real letdown.Reps - What reps?Summary - we shall not go back to anywhere that is in a gated community and we are not going back to DR.P.S. There is a big golf course that takes up 1/2 the resort - why?  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had an amazing time! Will go back one day!            
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Holiday Ever ! Where does one start when all about the resort was fabulous! The main lobby was a nice relaxing setting to get to know people and have a few drinks.The food was exceptional, with such an amazing amount and variety, people who are fussy (like my husband) will manage to eat to their fullest. Take a close look at the food carvings in the buffet , its truly amazing what they do with watermelons and pineapples.The pool bar, was even nice. The servers there were quick and helpful and suggesting certains ones. My all time favorite was Banana Mama and Flamenco Especial. Give these a try , im sure you'll love them. As I read in other review before we left, adding little tips for the maids goes far. And its true. To one extent, the maid had made love hearts out of the towels and had covered them with petals of flowers and place on the bed . And as for the bathrooms , towels shapes like doves again with flowers. What a beautiful aroma from the flowers!They are truly hard workers and constantly cleaning the resort. In my opinion this is a resort i would highly recommend and go again too.The one excursion i would like to mention is Dolphin Island. It was 85$ american each, but well worth the experience.The beach has some of the nicest sand and was well maintained. The only down fall i found was that the shoreline is on the east, therefore no sunset picture but if your the early riser you'll manage to get the sunrise.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything was GREAT Stayed from Jan 17th through Jan 24, with my boyfriend. The whole trip overall was GREAT, not too many dissapointments at all.The resort is on the larger side, Clean, friendly staff, beautiful beach, plenty of lounging space at the pool and beach, personal huts to lie under, good selection of food, 1 buffet for breakfast, 2 buffets for lunch, plus a burger place, and food on the beach. Dinner theres the main buffet, pizza or crepes place or 4 a la cartes. We only checked out the steak house. It was GREAT....but you definately have to like sausage, chicken, pork, etc...cuz they bring you an endless supply. MAKE SURE TO BOOK RESERVATIONS FOR A LA CARTE the day you get there....we waited and couldnt get into some as they were booked...Now to the drinks, GREAT TASTY DRINKS, make friends with the bartenders and you get special drinks(lil hats, extra fruit.)Quite a number of bars, but the best is the lobby bar.What a show...definatly go ask for Metz, Felix and Freddy, those guys can put on a show....those guys were terrific...kept our glasses full and made our drinks to our likings, with little or lots of alcohol. Shopping, check out the little area just 10 mins walk from the resort. Also the giftshops arent bad. And a walk left or right on the beach...be prepared to be pushed to purshase....and definately know how to barter, thats one thing we learned fast.The spa looked nice, although we didnt use it. The tennis courts and weight room are good for overcast/rainy days.Mangua, the disco! They play mostly Spanish music, but ask the dj for a song and he'll play it. We went 4/7 nights, hip hop/latin/dance downstairs during the week and hip hop/latin downstairs, house/dance/trance upstairs on the weekend. Its free to get in but drinks are extra, and they are regular price compared to Toronto, so nothing to steel. Oh word of advice, DONT leave the resort to go to another Disco....the one on the resort is the #1in punta cana, all the locals, and people from other resorts go to its, its always packed. AT he Pool...it was FREEZING! The Beach water was warmer. I have no idea why it was so cold, no matter how warm the day was it was cold. Dont worry about rainy days....they have activites in the lobby area...not the greatest, but at least its an attemp you know.Lastly the beach, tons of chairs, there or at the pool, always room. The sand is so soft, watch out you dont get sucked into the sand with a wave. The water, crystal blue. Overall, this trip was great....id definately go back...the staff id love to see again, we met great people there, food was fine, didnt get sick (until i came back) HIGHLY RECOMEND.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time My wife and i just returned from Punta Cana,We stayed for 2 wks at the gran flamenco.The food was great however after 7 days it became quite repitisious.The room we had was good clean again probably a 2 1/2 star by canadian standards.If i ever go back to the D. R. i would cosider an all adult facility,not that i do not like children,just that when you go to rest and relax it is difficult to do with chidren running and screaming.The weather was not all that great we had showers and cloudy days.If you plan on travelling for a week be prepared to lose a day or two of sun.We were fortunate to meet a local person who became our personal guide and freind,showed us around the communities and got to see some real dominican people.Overall it was a good holiday particlarly nice to get out of the minus 39 weather.Only complaint i guess is delay of flights going and returning also having to be kept on the plane for 1hour and 40 minutes after landing by health canada. Fox  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not good Just got home,28th.January05.We will not be back.Nearly everyone ill,upset stomaches.Food hygene was not good same food tongues used for the cooked and raw meat.Bits of raw beef on tongues while serving cooked chicken.No wonder we were ill My first problem on any holiday.The staff were good but much better after tipping we never had that before.The Allegro reps are a real problem in your face straight after breakfast and any time you go to the main reception.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never go there If your looking to be sick go! Everyone was sick, electricity problems etc. Don't waste your money!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience Stayed from Jan 20th through Jan 25, with two of my girlfriends, so as you can see we just got back. I wanted to write this review while the information is fresh and my memories are vivid. I'll list the good and the Okay....nothing bad to really list. The Very Good: Clean, friendly staff, beautiful beach, plenty of lounging space at the pool and beach, personal huts to lie under, tasty brick oven pizza, tasty hamburgers and onion rings, GREAT TASTY DRINKS! Did I mention a great lobby bar! If you go and hang out at the lobby bar, say hello to Christian, Metz, Felix and Freddy....those guys were terrific...kept our glasses full and Christian took us to a disco right outside the complex...talk about a great time. Also very good: Captain Cook's restaurant on the beach approx. a 10 minute ride by Taxi. If you love seafood, ask the Bellman to get you a taxi and go...for $40 US dollars, you get a heaping of seafood. I'm talking tons of grilled Lobster, shrimp, oysters, calamari, crabs and fish, plus free beer, salad, french fries, dessert and a shot of their island mix. I believe it's called Babajuana. We didn't do too much shopping, but I can tell you the merchants outside at the local plaza are pretty aggresive. You just have to say no and keep moving. Also, try the Spa and go see Eddy the Tennis Pro...I enjoyed both thoroughly!The Just Okay: Mangua, the disco! They play mostly Spanish music. I guess since they allow the locals and employees to party there, they need to play music they can understand. But they really need to play more American music, or World music. Something other than continual Spanish music. You get a few American songs and then it's right back to the Spanish/Salsa music which is fine but after a while it wears on the nerves. Also, the Pool...oh my goodness it was cold, cold, shivering cold! The Beach water was warmer. I have no idea why it was so cold, but if you want to reach the pool bar you have to delve into it and bite the bullet. In addition, I got small bites all over my ankles and lower legs, so did my two friends. We did see someone spraying every morning, so we figured the beach must have contained sand fleas us. P.S. If you enjoy good coffee bring your own to brew in the morning. I didn't care for their coffeee or their luke warm Espresso, either. Also, if you want syrup with your pancakes or waffles bring it, they only serve honey..ugh! Otherwise, you get a good bang for your buck! This was my second trip to Punta Cana (stayed at the Fiesta Bavaro 2 yrs ago) and I can honestly say, there was huge no difference between the two...just remember, you're on vacation and have a great time! I plan to return in March or April to visit the friends I made while there this go round!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some New Tips.... My husband and I stayed at this resort Jan. 7-14th. We booked the trip a few weeks in advance at a great price. We have been to all-inclusives throughout the Caribbean and Mexico. For a third world country, we felt the star rating was accurate. The entire resort was meticulously clean and the beach was beautiful, but very windy the entire week. The dance lessons were lots of fun and the evening shows were entertaining, with a house band, vocalists, and a dance troupe. The room was average but met our needs. The one area in which improvement is needed is the food; both of us became ill (on different days, one with vomiting and another with diarrhea). Fortunately we were only ill for a day but it was one day too much! A number of other guests reported similar complaints. A few comments on things that I did not see posted here in other entries:1. If you miss breakfast, go to the lobby bar where they have some pastries available on the counter.2. The Fun Club (activities) schedule is on the counter in the Fun Club hut toward the beach; activity information is only available here.3. A tennis instructor is available by the courts. A schedule is posted there. You can sign up a day in advance for lessons and court time. We did find that if courts were not in use we could use them. (Lessons are $25 an hour, focusing on ball-feeding.) 4. Locate the fire exits at the disco as there was a fire in the disco the night after we were there. The disco has two levels; a man on stilts, dressed all in black, danced on the upper dancefloor - weird!5. Take not only Pepto and Immodium but a first aid kit as well. When we took the Saona Island tour one guest cut his foot badly on the beach and first aid supplies were not available. The rest room at the boat dock there had no toilet paper or paper towels - very dirty. On the other hand, the trip was fun because of the boat rides, beach, and snorkeling.6. Walking the beach is great. The outdoor restaurant called Captain Cook's (15 minute walk on the right) served fresh seafood; though we did not eat there the food looked good.7. If you have kids, as we do, and want a cool souvenir, you can purchase some unique shells from vendors on the beach; walk left a half hour or so. 8. In-room amenities include body wash, shampoo, and soap. Funjet also provided an insulated mug.  Hope these tips help you! Have a wonderful time!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, but terrible food Four of us went to the Occidental, Grand Flamenco from Jan 3-7. I have mixed feelings about this trip. The food was the worst I have ever had. Could not wait to get home to the good old USA for some good food. The resort was beautiful and spotless. They are constantly cleaning. We experienced very good service from the front desk to the maids. The drinks are very good. The beach was great and very clean. We walked up the beach and Occidenal had the nicest beach of all the resort areas we passed. Fantastic blue water. Our Apple Rep., Medesto, was great. He arranged a day trip for us to Sona Island, made dinner reservations for us at the Italian resturant (Didn't taste like any Italian food I ever had. No reflection on Medesto, but don't waste your time going there. Not good.) and arranged for our departure. Thanks again Medesto. The day trip to Sona Island was wonderful and the best day there. We went by bus to a fishing village. Our tour guide, Raymon, was great. He explained life in the DR and the history of the area. Everybody Loves Raymon. We then got on a speedboat and headed for the island. Stopping on the way to swim off the speedboat. Water was warm, crystal clear, and so blue. We loved this part of the trip and seeing the Starfish. We then went onto Sona Island for a cookout on the beach and came back by cataraman. I would definately recommend the trip to Sona! I spent the last 2 nights sick and in my room. I could not even think of eatting that food again and lived off of tea and crackers I brought with me. I hope someone is listening and does something about the FOOD! You have a wonderful place here, but people are just not going to come back if they have to deal with that. Such a shame. I know I won't. The fresh fruit is great, but you can only eat so much of that and then you have another problem......if you know what I mean. I do hope to return to the DR one day, but will try another resort.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ferd62
<Content>A Wonderful Place to Stay Just returned from a five night stay in the Royal Club (ARR 01/12, DEP 01/17). We're 62  57, have travelled a lot. This was our second visit and we hope to return next year. $257/night pp through USAirways Vacations, including air from Salisbury, MD and transfers by VIP.Except for some rain the first day, everything was fine. Every staff member with whom we had contact had something nice to say, the food was good and the service was prompt and good (didn't try the Italian restaurant or the main buffet, ate breakfast and lunch in the RC's private dining room). Plenty of hot water, used the in room safe to protect the stuff that wasn't on our bodies, private beach and pool were never crowded, all the beach towels we needed any time we needed them, great room (#19-203) and great bed, excellent maid service, too much AC if anything; endless supply of bottled water, Presidente and rum in the room, etc. My wife visited the spa twice, prices were reasonable and services excellent. Can't say enough nice things about this place.As for the negative comments, this is an all-inclusive in a third world country - 1. If you go there expecting The Ritz you're not going to have fun.2. DON'T drink the tap water in your room (and that means rinsing your toothbrush in the plentiful bottled water and keeping your mouth shut when you shower).3. Consider taking a Cipro if you find yourself Visiting The Throne more often than normal, or if you develop other unpleasant symptoms.4. It's all about expectations and preparation.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rocky1
<Content>Dream holiday This resort is one of the best we were in, been to dominica 5 times.Each person is different, but 5 couples went there and all happy with it.Lots of verity, freindly staff, helpful, need anything just ask.the one in puerte plata, so-so. not so freindly, we found  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never so happy to get home from vacation in my life!! My partner  I had worked extremely hard over the past 6 months, practically every day...putting together a new office, moving etc...Our reward  Christmas gift was a vacation in the sun.I have never been so happy to home form vacation in my life.We arrived late, mid week - front desk checked us in with 2 other couples on the same flight. Two out of three of us didn't receive the rooms we booked, even after have the travel agent e-mail our request to ensure we would get what we requested. We had purchased a VIP pass with our package...again either us or the other two couples with the same package received all that was included without constantly requesting the front desk. We were to receive Pool Towels, T-shirts, fruit plate, Rum, Spa vouchers along with a Lobster Dinner  Champagne as our welcoming package.We received the Pool Towels, T- Shirt, Fruit Basket  Rum on the 3rd day - of which was the day we became violently ill with vomiting  diarrhea - the towels kept us warm, the fruit was not eaten...the thought of eating made us even more sick....as for the rum - no way!Our maid never brought water - therefore we went 2 nights  the day in-between with out food or water. No one even checked in or asked if we were OK. When I was strong enough to venture out I went to the courtesy desk to let them know we had eaten something that set us on a horrible path ...there reply 鈥渨e have had no other complaints...if you wish to see a doctor, he is available for $90 US, or room call for $ 110.No mention of how are you now, is there anything we can do to helpThe food was so so...to begin with, after getting ill we lived on toast  cereal. I truly believe there refrigeration  cooking was not adequate for a resort holding it's self out to be 4 stars. There pool  beach were enjoyable - when we were feeling up to it, it was constantly windy, and rained everyday!!We managed on excursion...we have been to islands before  Mexico and the waters were murky and the snorkeling was disappointing didn't see much other than one area was a confined location with nurse sharks and rays captive...nice but!We felt the staff didn't care and were not working hard a making our vacation memorable. The Time Share jockeys were a pain in the butt...and the merchants both on the resort  off were very pushy...no fun. We quickly would say no money no money and walk away...always feeling harassed.We then come to the day to fly home....I have never been so happy to get home form vacation in my life. We arrived at the airport for a 10 Pm flight...5 hrs home and the plane is grounded do to hydraulic problem...yes better safe than sorry. We are put up in another hotel for the night and it was beautiful food excellent...beach very disappointing dirty!!! We left the following day...that was the first  last trip to the Dominican and defiantly never again to the Grand Flamenco - don't go if you want to have a memorable vacation with out illness, disappointment and being harassed. In my view this resort should be ranked closer to a 2 star at best.We are now home seeking medical attention... hoping to feel better soon! What a Happy New Year!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Beach, Terrible Resort It sounds like we weren't the only ones who had a bad time. My boyfriend and I spent seven days at the Gran Flamenco in May. This was the worst resort we have ever stayed at. The food was disgusting!!! We barely ate. The food had no taste, there were flies everywhere while the food was left sitting out. Even though we did not eat much we both still managed to become very sick. We were so sick that we required antibiotics a week after the trip. The service was horrible. The servers in both the restaurant and at the bars were rude and slow. It took at least 5 minutes to get a drink even if you were the only one at the bar. Becareful...Outside the resort the merchants were extremely pushy. What really upset us was that the resort allowed the locals onto the resort property to sell their goods. They conveniently positioned themselves on the pathways between the hotel rooms and the restaurants leaving little space around them. However, the besides these points the beach was beautiful. The sand was white and the water was clear. But, I think you can find the same thing on the resort next door. Before you book this resort ask yourself, do I want to have a good time? If No, this is the resort for you.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst trip ever I would never recommend this resort to anyone. Granted it had a nice pool (great for kids as a lot of shallow areas) and a nice beach, but that was it. The rooms were boring, and ours had a leak (which was fun with all the rain), we had stuff stolen from our room ($1000 worth of stuff) and the hotel wouldnt do anything to help us, the food was awful (everything was tasteless or undercooked), the restaurants that required reservations were even worse (we waited in the Italian for 2 hours before we were served and in the steakhouse all the meat was undercooked). The only people that were nice were the waiting staff. They were always friendly. The front desk was friendly at check in, but when we went to talk to them about our leak or our stolen merchandise all of a sudden they couldn't speak english or were carrying on 4 different coversations. My family and I went over Christmas (Christmas present from my dad), the first time we have all gone away. We were all sick, and couldn't wait to get home. I don't think I will ever go back to Punta Cana. Definitely not to this resort.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort This place is absolutely beautiful. I have visited the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana twice already and will be returning again soon. I had a room with an ocean view (Edifficio 13, room 13205) and it was simply breathtaking. The food is also very good here and there is a great deal of variety. The evening entertainment was excellent. It is a great place to learn how to dance. The staff are also very helpful and friendly. Especially, those people who work at the Allegro Vacation Club. In a nutshell, I would recommend this resort to anyone. See you guys on the beach soon!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Relaxing Holiday My boyfriend and I travelled to Punta Cana during the week of June 13-20 2004. We chose to stay at the Grand Flamenco based on what we read in reviews and in a variety of travel brochures. We've travelled in the Carribbean before but this trip was by far the most pleasurable! When we arrived at the airport, we were greeted by friendly people playing music. The bus ride to the hotel was quick as we were the first lot to be dropped off. However, when we arrived we had to wait until 3pm (from about 10pm) before we got the keys to our room. This was very frustrating as it was very warm in the lobby. The overall appearance of the resort was beautiful and the grounds quite large. The hotel rooms were simple but most importantly clean and comfortable. It is true that the air conditioning required a card-type object to be placed in the slot to operate, but a piece of paper sufficed in our room (which was always at a comfortable temperature). Hot water did not always last through two showers, but within 10 minutes someone was there to fix that.The beaches were very nice, white sanded. Most of the activities occurred at or close to the beach. And, there were always sunchairs available! This resort had a number of pools, my favourite being the main pool as it was the only one with a swim-up bar and adjacent to the sports bar/restaurant. Me and my boyfriend are extremely picky eaters but I must say we both gained a few pounds on this trip. The pizzeria was one of our favourites for dinner, as was the mexican and grill restaurants (try to avoid the buffet at dinner). For lunch we loved eating at the beachside buffet and enjoyed mid-day snacks at the sports bar, which featured north american favourites.Night-time shows were boring, but the main disco in P.C. was on the resort's grounds. Also, about 3 min walk from the hotels entrance is a tourist shopping centre. I got my long hair braided here (with extensions) for $40US. I would not go alone though especially if you are a female as you are off the resort grounds. We made great friends with the hotel staff especially Stephen the photographer. Two of our friends have been to the same spot since us and also enjoyed it. Overall, we loved this trip and plan to go back to the resort this year.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it My husband and I went for 4 days - the food was great, all the liquor we could handle. The rooms were large and spacious. We loved our stay! The people are very friendly.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm siding with 'Never Again' I agree that the beach is beautiful and the pools are very very nice. Beyond that, can't think of too much good to say. Within 24 hours of setting foot on the property, our party of four were all violently ill. Vomiting with severe diarrhea...not a very pleasant way to spend your vacation! Our adult children were in a separate room (thank god--gave us two bathrooms!). The person in the room above the kids was also clearly very sick (and remained so the entire week, it seems). The person above us was sick the same night we were (very easy to hear the person in the bathroom above you!). We believe we got sick after eating burgers at the Home Rum--whatever you do--avoid this place!! Unfortunately I did not pack any Pepto Bismol (only Imodium and Rolaids). Since what I had didn't seem to be helping us, I went to the Local Shops on site and found they had a bottle of Pepto (6 oz.), which goes for less than $2.00 here in MN--they wanted $14; I told them forget it! (Really showed me what kind of a place this is--they are there to make money off their guests and couldn't care less about your health, comfort or safety.)Once our vomiting subsided we dealt with bouts of diarrhea for the remainder of the trip--no excursions for us--couldn't get too far away from the facilities.We agreed the buffet ranked a 1 on a scale of 1-5 (5 being best). Breakfast/lunch maybe get a 2, but dinner easily gets a 1.Pizza at La Fontana was good.Drinks were not very good--not that we were up for much drinking. Had a pretty good Banana Daiquari one night and then the next one I ordered tasted completely different and disgusting!Overall, I found the staff to be mediocre--not very friendly and not very helpful. If you gave them a tip, they might work a little harder. Where I come from, first you work hard, then you get the tip!The timeshare people are obnoxious. They should sit in the corner and if someone WANTS TO TALK TIMESHARES, they'll come ask! Otherwise, leave the rest of us alone!!We've been to the Riviera Maya (Mexico) three times before going to the Dominican. We never had a problem with the food there, although some buffets are more creative than others. We feel the service we received at all three Mexico resorts far exceeded the service here, no question.I gotta take the hit on this one--it was at my urging that we tried a different location. Can't imagine that we would ever visit the Dominican again.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Careful First of all, do not book your travel through Prestige Service Travel, they royally screwed up our reservations. As for the resort, I found the grounds neat and clean as well as the deluxe-rated room. The service was terrible and the attitude of the employees, for the most part, was horrific. The worst part of the vacation, by far, was the food. Although, the beach was beautiful. I would not recommend this trip to friends and family.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KentuckyTraveler
<Content>What a BLAST! I am just writing to let anyone who is planning a Dominican Republic vacation, the Grand Flamenco Resort is the way to go. I traveled to Punta Cana December 30, 2004 - January 6, 2005 with my Mom, Dad and my Daughter. The resort was great and everyone was wonderful. The only problem that I can think of is the fact the food took a little getting used too but other than that everything else was great. I loved the water sports on the beach (and the guys that ran the sports were really awesome). If you haven't ridden the Banana I think you should try it. We also took an all day excursion to the Dominican countryside and explored caves and how the real Dominican lives. I think this trip really humbled me being that it is a third world country and I am from a priviledged life in the dear USA. As with any other resort area, beware of the timeshare salesmen. They can get on your nerves (smile). If you go, tell Michel (at the Home Rum), Laha (at the beach water sports), Johnny (who schedules the horseback riding) and Eddy (in the LeBuffet or the Mexican Restaurant) that Sharon and her Daughter said hello. The drinks are absolutely fabulous and they really put a bend in their elbows when pouring those drinks!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lolainthesun
<Content>Do Not Go To This Resort!!! Our family stayed at this resort from December 4th - 11th. The food is terrible... I have been to many all inclusives all over the Carribbean and Mexico but this one had the worst food!! We had two rooms - our room was fine however our kids room was very musty and damp. The air conditioner did not work in there room making it unbearable.The beach was quite lovely however my 10 year old picked up a used condom floating in the water!We did the Outback Safari and thought this was money well spent. The staff at the Grand Flamenco were not very helpful and were often rude. There were alot of angry customers!We paid half price for this trip, and it was not worth it. The hotel is more like a 2 star resort. We would never return to this resort again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will never go back there We stayed at the Grand Flamenco by Occidental for 5 days over New Years 2004/2005. The scenery in Punta Cana was beautiful, with clean beaches, nice white sand, and warm ocean water. The scenery was the best part of the trip. The food in the buffet was plentiful, but not very good and the restaurants had very few options for vegetarians. I stayed away from the water as much as humanly possible. We drank bottled water, brushed our teeth with bottled water, and were very careful in the shower. I even stayed away from foods that I thought would be washed in water, such as lettuce. Despite those efforts, I still contracted whatever it is that makes you violently sick. It is now 4 days later and I am still having severe intestinal cramping. Upon checking in, the front desk indicated that there was an electricity problem that would be fixed that evening. However, the electricity was not on in our building that night, nor the next day. Our building seemed to be the only one at the resort without electricity. When we asked to be moved to a room that had electricity, the manager claimed we would have to pay more money to move to another room, despite there being open rooms at the rate we booked our room. Furthermore, we were told by other hotel staff that their was not in fact an 鈥渆lectrical problem,鈥?but that the resort shut off the electricity during the day to save money, and did not turn it back on in the buildings that did not have most of the rooms filled. No electricity also meant the toilets barely flushed, causing them to back up. Once confronted with the lack of electricity problem, the men at the front desk were rude, unaccommodating, and claimed they did not speak much English. Yet the day we checked into the hotel, the same men were speaking to me in perfect English and were even signing full verses of New York, New York. At one point, there were so many vacationers from our building complaining to the front desk, that we had formed a group; at which time, the electricity was magically restored within 10 minutes. I am not meaning to suggest that the resort not conserve electricity during the day, but once the sun goes down, it is a bit difficult to shower and dress for dinner in the dark. I would not stay at this resort again if they gave me a free trip.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go to the Royal Club!!!! My wife and I stayed from Dec. 30 04- Jan. 3 05.Firstly, our original accomodations were horrendous. Broken toilet seat, slow drain, terrible odors, hair on the pillowcase and sheets (disgusting). The service at the front desk was even worse...nobody seemed to care. The manager hid behind the staff. I requested an upgrade to the Royal Club and got two different answers from two different people. After one night at the hotel, I thought the vacation was a mistake. However, the following morning, I was able to get a room in the Royal Club.....what a world of difference. The $35/pp/per night fee was so worth it. Separate front desk and concierge (they care), better food (breakfast and lunch, but no dinner), private beach, great beach chairs, great towels, convenient location and an overall feeling of enormous hospitality from the staff. After the upgrade, I was able to enjoy.The food was ok. My expectations were low going in so that helped. From best to worst: 1) Breakfast and lunch at the Royal Club 2) L'Oriental 3) the Brazilian BBQ place 4) the buffet...avoid this entirely...the huge lines do not indicate that it is good.The entertainment was great. Every night there was a show at the ampitheatre located in the heart of the place. The shows were great...very talented performers.Overall, if not for the Royal Club...would have been terrible. But thanks to the wonderful staff at the Royal Club (Seriah the concierge, Felippe the bellman, Mercedes the housekeeper, the wait staff at the food area) the vacation was great. I certainly recommend the trip. The Dominican people and culture were great.Pros1) Weather (gorgeous)2) Royal Club (phenomenal staff and service)3) Entertainment (great shows)4) Beach (topless)5) Food at the restaurantes (L'Oriental)Cons1) Buffet (not recommended)2) Water (for those with sensitive stomachs)3) Manager at the general front desk (inaccessible)4) No real casino (slots only)Tips1) Get a room at the Royal Club2) Tip everyone (contrary to other reviews...I think it was greatly appreciated...)3) Bring a light sweater for the evenings (Dec - Jan)4) Reserve beach chairs early (some chairs are old and weathered)5) Get a room at the Royal Club  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nte200NewYork_NY
<Content>I really tried to be open-minded..... I really tried to be open minded. As an event planner in NYC this was my only trip to get away from it all. Attention to detail is my lifestyle, but I was ready to overlook some of the things that I had read on this site. I should have listened to you all. I really should have.We arrived in Santa Domingo at 11am on Dec. 26th. The hotel told me it was an hour and half drive to Punta Cana. After a 6 hour trip on dirt roads with pot holes, no AC and a non english speaking driver (which they provided) we finally arrived.The water is beautiful, the pool very nice. My room clean and simple. The drinks great. I knew the food would not be great, but what i didnt realize was that i would not be eating until I boarded the plane. I couldnt even butter my toast bc the butter spoiled due to the fact it was not refrigerated. Still smiling and happy to sunbathe at the beach.Then it happened---no electricity throughout the hotel. they said it would be four hours. So we sat and drank the afternoon away. 4 hours turned into two days. no electricity no running water. ON MY VACATION.We left the hotel a day early.I am very open minded. I really tried to make the best of it. 4 stars is not even close to it. I have camped under better conditions. Email me personally and i will find you another alternative to vacation at. I am really that serious. Dont do this to yourself.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lislib
<Content>big disappointment Just got back. I was there from Dec. 24 to Dec. 31. The food was the biggest disappointment. I was there with my husband and two college aged kids. We all felt that the food was awful. It was tasteless and greasy. We all had indigestion problems. The rooms were okay.They were old and had a mildew smell. The beach is great and so is the layout of the resort, I will definitely not go back.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>who cares My husband and myself went here for a 5 day get away.12/15/04 to 12/20/04.First off we have been to the DR twice before and remembering that this is a third world country. Everything isn't going to be as is at home. If you want home stay home!!!!! I'm sick and tired of hearing people crying over stupid things that are common in this country or upset that thay seen a bug in there room Hello. You get an upset stomach and blame the food. The food is excellent, maybe you should take a short memory trip to the bar the night before when you where doing those shooters.the hotels workers are here to serve you, not be your servents. Keep that in mind when your rude or short with them. Oh ya you payed good money to vacation here. News flash we all payed good money to stay here. Thay dont take bad money. If you ask me people ruin there own vacations. This country is beautiful and the people are wonderful. Try to remember that the next time you go there and you will. we travel a lot and I never seen anywhere else where you get all you get with a smile for that so called good money. Remember relax and be happy that you can go on vacations.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>most impressive was the hotel staff's honesty Myself and a friend vacationed here in late October 2004 and I accidentally left a gold ring of high sentimental value on the nightstand. I immediately informed my vacation representative who assured me that the people of the Dominican Rep were honest and caring and would do anything to make sure I went away happy. I didn't know what his word was worth, but pursued my case when I got home, and today I sit here typing with my ring on my finger!!!! The hotel staff was the most pleasant I've ever seen anywhere, they seemed very happy and it was contagious. The food was excellent and everything was always nice and clean. The very best part of course were the beaches.This was an amazing vacation and I plan on returning just as soon as I can.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mole525I
<Content>RE: Great Vacation, watch the food (review below Also stayed at the Grand Flamenco Dec. 4-11. Agree, bang on with review from Waterloo, Ontario.......beach is awesome..........the grounds and the rooms are clean and always maintained........if you want to be close to the beach ask for building 13...........rooms 104-109. 204-209, and 304-309, face the ocean...........more importantly there is a beach bar 30 yards from the building...........bottled water everywhere.........rooms have bottled beer, water, 7-up and pepsi.......some people complain about no hot water.........I found that most tourists are getting ready for 7 p.m. dinner so all the hot water is gone by 6 p.m.........try having your shower around 4:30.......once we did this we never had a problem........home rum restaurant (burgers, hot dogs, onion rings and fries) open 10- 6:30 p.m....wasn't bad.....filled the munchie time..........pools are all nice........now the food......a la carte restaurants were so-so...... Las Reses- variety of meats on skewers (some overdone, the beef I found tough).......comes with salad bar and fries and rice..........Italian.......not bad.......gnocchi and lasagna were good (also with salad bar).........mexican- try the chicken fajitas rather than beef.......oriental..........didn't get in.tough to get in.........Le buffet- try to stick with food that is cooked fresh- morning........fried eggs or omelettes..........lunch and dinner..........fresh grilled fish, chicken or beef..........their sausages and meats do taste a little different........the outdoor wood oven pizza I enjoyed the best..........freshly made in a real wood oven.........regarding the timeshare sellers.........quick tip........when you leave the buffet, turn right towards the restrooms and walk across to where the bar is to leave.........lastly. your vacation is what you make it..........don't sweat the little things......once your lying on the beach with your 3rd banana mama or tiki-tiki or sailing on the ocean, you'll know why your there.........Grand Flamenco was agreat resort for the money...........is you want 5 star.........go check out the Paridisus which is two hotels to the left  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation, beware the food! My fiancee and I just returned from a one week vacation to the Grand Flamenco Resort. We were there from December 4th to the 11th. Let's start with the resort:The Grand Flamenco is a big resort, and first impression is that it is beautiful. With an open concept large lobby that looks like something you would see in Vegas (without the loud clatter of slots). There is a small casino tucked away in the corner that houses slot machines.The washrooms in off the lobby are be. Beautifully maintained. From flowers to towels shaped like swans, it was very nice to see the pride that these people take in their cleaning.The grounds:There are a lot of buildings, be sure to review the map of the grounds because it can be like a maze if you aren't used to it.The pools:There are 3 main pools. One is near the lobby and has a swim up bar. There is also a snack bar located above this bar, accessible from the outside, called HomeRum. It is a baseball themed bar that has all your drinks and snacks in the afternoon.The second pool is located near the main lunch restaurant and has a volleyball net. Located near the Fun Time booth. This is where they hold daytime events for the visitors, from Meringue lessons, to volleyball, ping pong, etc.The Third pool is kind of away from everything and has a shallow end. It is geared towards kids and has a small playground nearby.Enough about that....The Shows:The shows at night were something you have to take in. The games that they played with people were certainly funny. Take this from someone that was involved with it. You have to be able to laugh at yourself before you can laugh at someone else. The games are fun, and they reward winners of the games on stage with RUM! A reason for anyone to go on stage.The shows in themselves we found entertaining. You should not be expecting to see Broadway shows, but there is certainly talent to be seen. There are several people working here that have amazing singing voices, they can dance very well, and they do whatever necessary to make you smile.One woman comes to mind....unfortunately we didn't get her name.She is shorter and not the typical thin girl stuffed into a mini skirt. She is in fact a little heavy for the outfit that she wears....However, she has the most amazing smile that never seems to fade. She was always smiling. And she could not get enough of children. We repeatedly saw her literally travel across the room in order to pick up someone's small child and hold it so tight you thought it was her own. This was not a woman who smiled and picked up children because she had to as part of her job, this was a woman who smiled and picked up children because she genuinely loved her job, and kids.Scuba Diving:I had the opportunity to take my fiancee to the free pool lessons for scuba diving. The instructor was a man named Abraham. He is an older gentleman from Holland that speaks five languages. He takes a little bit to warm up to you, but once he does all is well. We are both from Dutch backgrounds and this seemed to help. My fiancee was nervous in the pool and he looked after her very well and reassured her that she could do what was required in the ocean.As a result of this, we were able to go on a shallow dive with a dive master in the ocean, which my fiancee loved and I believe that she is very happy that she did it. We went on a shallow dive in about 20' of water, but it was enough to see and feed fish, and follow a baby stingray.Okay, and on to the food....The food was okay. I can't say anything better or worse about it. The main restaurant Le Buffet always had something that you could find to eat for any meal. The staff was always willing to get whatever you needed, coffee etc.The food, as we said, was okay. Every night in the buffet was a different country represented.Their meat is a little different. Their sausage and hot dogs have a different consistency to them, and all of their meat seems to have a little bit more of a gamey taste to it. However, one night in the buffet, we had the best pork ribs that I believe we have ever had, anywhere.If you like meat though, you have to sign up for the a la carte restaurant Las Resas. This is a grill house and they bring separate courses of meat including pork, sausage, beef, chicken, lamb, tuna, and it goes on and on. Make sure you are hungry when you go there and have the flaming Sambuca for desert.The rooms were very clean and we didn't see any bugs at all, save a few ants here and there.A dollar or two as a tip on your pillow, will ensure that the maids do a fantastic job of cleaning your room.Bottled water is in no short supply and you can find it anywhere.Make sure you bring maple syrup for pancakes as they only have honey.Make sure you bring salad dressing as they have several salads but nothing that we would consider as dressing.We ate the fruit, and loved the breads. You will enjoy your trip here, I'm sure of it. If we weren't so picky about what we eat, I'm guessing this would have ranked above excellent.Say hi to Joaquin at the swim up bar. Tell him the canadians drinking Strawberry Daquiri Especiales said Hi!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for... My wife and I stayed here for the seven-day period of December 3rd through December 10th. Having already stayed at another all-inclusive resort (the Bahia Principe Tulum in Mexico), we thought we had a good idea of what to expect and this experience was pretty much on target with a few exceptions.The Bad: The Food - Overall the food can be a problem depending on what you are accustomed to eating. The main buffet restaurant has below average food of every variety that is questionably cooked. I found that cold cereal and toast became the staple every morning for breakfast. For lunch, you can go to the Home Rum sports bar and get french fries, onion rings, burgers, and hot dogs that are better than anything at the buffet, however, you probably do not want that everyday for lunch. The four other restaurants (Mexican, Oriental, Italian, and Steakhouse) offer much higher quality food than the main buffet, so make sure you get reservations for every evening as far in advance as possible.Service at the Front Desk - We had a variety of problems with our room the first day, including no hot water, a broken toilet, and a broken hairdryer (bring your own). When I called the front desk they said they would send a person to fix everything within 20 minutes, but I had to stay in the room. No one ever showed up, so I called back and they said they would look into it. Nothing ever happened, so I went to the front desk in person and was told by Cesar (who I think was the acting manager), that they do not fix hair dryers, so no one would be coming out to our room. I told him that it would have been nice if the first person said that to me and he responded by saying that, He was smarter than the person we spoke to and that there was nothing he could do. I demanded a new room and he said I would have to wait until the next day since all of the remaining rooms were spoken for...We did get a new room and luckily everything worked fine, but it was not the way I wanted to start my vacation.Unrelenting marketers - The resort has a time-share staff that hovers in the main lobby near the buffet restaurant. As soon as you leave the buffet, be ready to be accosted. The staff is ever changing and even if you said No to one person, another will approach you the same day or another day. Please do not waste your time talking to them and just keep walking and saying No. Unfortunately, you will have to do this at least twice per day during your stay unless you avoid the main lobby (which is difficult because the main bar is located there). This was the worst part for us, since it would have been nice to have some peace of mind within your own resort.The Good:The Restaurants - Each specialty restaurant is very good, although the Italian the least special of all. After having to endure the bland food of the buffet for breakfast and lunch, having a well made dinner every night was a nice change. In addition to the four restaurants, you can also go to the outdoor pizzeria (just OK) and an outdoor taco place, which is located outside the Mexican restaurant. The Waiters and Bartenders - They are all friendly and enthusiastic and make you feel welcome. During the evening, the bartenders at the lobby bar sing songs, joke with the patrons, and try to liven up the area with their playful attitude.The Beach - As you might expect, the beach is beautiful and the highlight of the resort.One other note for Americans: In case you were not aware, the vast majority of tourists visiting this resort are from France and Germany, so be prepared to not hear too much English. It is not a negative, but you should have the proper expectations.Overall, it was a pretty good vacation spot if you want to just sit on the beach and relax at an affordable price. However, the food and the marketers do knock it down a notch or two.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation...Beautiful!!! Grand Flamenco - November 22nd - Dec 1st 2004__________________________________________We stayed at the Grand Flamenco for 10 days/9 nights and had the most incredible time here. Here is an honest re-cap of our time there:HOTEL: The hotel, its decor, the grounds, the service and the people are top-notch; excellent! It's an all-inclusive hotel, so there were many cheap people who stayed there and didn't tip because of this, but regardless of that, the waiters waited on you hand and footand they're so friendly. A tip goes a long way - even if it's a dollar here and there; give something! :o).HOTEL/FOOD: The entire time we stayed there, people did not cease to find something to work on. The grounds are incredibly well-kept and clean. During a 10-day stay, we expected to see at least something icky, but nothing!Nothing found in the food, and even though it's a tropical country, no flies around food. The hotel itself is just immaculate. (Food is good, but IMPORTANT: Try to make a reservation each day for the following day (1-day advance RSVP) for the specialty restaurants because if you're staying for as long as we stayed, you'll start to get bored of eating at the buffet, although the buffet had different food each night. La Hacienda, one of the specialty restaurants was good - chicken fajita was excellent.)We walked along the beach and looked at other hotels and they just don't compare. The beaches of other hotels were not cleaned regularly and there were weeds growing everyday. The only decent looking one was the Fiesta and Palladium (which are two hotels in one, as we were told).EXCURSIONS: We only went on one excursion, but it made our trip that much more enjoyable; as if things could get any better than soft white sands and crystal blue-green water at the hotel. We went to Saona Island, which was part of the Catamaran excursion. We paid $80 per person with our Expedia Rep at the hotel, but we heard that there were some places outside of the hotel that could do the booking as well for cheaper, but oddly we could never find the places. Anyway, Saona Island is amazing. You're literally in the far out in the middle of the ocean, and you get out of the water and it's not even waist-high, as clear as tap-water, and warmmmm. =)BRING PLENTY OF FILM AND A CAMCORDER IF YOU HAVE ONE!!SHOPPING: Ugh, this was the bad part. There's this shopping strip outside of the Grand Flamenco called 'plaza bavaro' (right by the plaza bavaro hotel which by the way is a complete and utter dump...it's open to the streets and no security whatsoever. It's a bit scary outside of the hotels, so security is really important...Grand Flamenco is well-secured.)Shopping at this place is crazy. For things that might cost $25 elsewhere, they total up to be $90. You really have to just be blunt and act surprised at the rates they give and walk away...they'll ask you what your price is...give them the price you think the thing is worth, maybe add on just a few dollars for the sake of them profiting, and if they say no...start walking away....very likely they'll pull you right back in. Shop around.***We found a little shopping strip right on the beach...15-20 minute walk along the beach, called Captain Cook....well there's a supermarket called Captain Cook and a Seafood place...but ask someone at the Flamenco that works there how you can get to Captain Cook supermarket (all you have to do is walk to the right for 15-20 on the beach and you're there)...the little stores here have significantly lower prices than plaza bavaro. Unfortunately, we found out about the place on the day of our departure!! =/ ... we still went in the morning, and my husband got 2 boxes of dominican cigars..really good taste actually, for $22 total..each box had 10 cigars. we acted really surprised at his price and told him we paid $22 for two of the boxes somewhere and he laughed and walked away....at that point we started to walk out and he shouted for us to come back and started putting them in the bag so we got them for $22 :o).***ROOM/MAID SERVICE: If you get there, and there is somewhat of a humidity stench, don't be surprised. The following day however before the maid comes to clean, leave your dirty towels in the tub (this is how they know you want your towels changed), and if your sheets smell really funky, throw them there too. We had this problem...and the following night I saw clear stains on them...Ick! lol...I threw them in the tub the next morning, and not only were the sheets changed, but the room smelled MUCH nicer. Maybe the maid forgot to change them before we got there...Other than that, the room is nice...the beds were somewhat uncomfy...really, a 5-6 day vacation is more than enough, 10 days for us was too much, we started to get bored, because we're used to fast-paced life in NY.BEACHES: What can I say, gorgeous. If you have kids, keep a close eye on them though because during the last few days we were there, the waves started to really pull you in so for kids and people who don't know how to swim or swim well, this can be dangerous.Things you'll need:-Film - 4 rolls seemed to be enough for us.-Camcorder - if you have one; you'll probably need two tapes.-Shampoo  Conditioner! I never use hotel shampoo because it seems diluted - same case with their shampoo.-SOAP - 2 bars for a couple, 2-4 for families. You'll really need to work it into your skin after a few days of continuous sunscreen use.-SUNSCREEN - use it daily.-Sunglasses-Sandles/Flip-flops-Your own beach towels (even though they do have a 'loan system' there, which seemed nice, many ppl had the hotel towels on the beach, but we liked the fact that we could distinguish ours from the rest).-Ladies...Maxi-pads/Tampons ... dont forget your makeup-Deodorant-Hairbrushes (they have blowdryers...good little things!)-Don't overpack!-Men: a pair of slacks or two for the rsvp restaurants; they don't allow shorts  you'll need a shirt with sleeves-Bathing Suits / swim trunks (p.s. - lots of toppless women on the beach; the guys will love this lol)-BUG REPELLANT (Even though it may seem there aren't any mosquitos, there are. Spray every night before going out to eat. (If you go on the catamaran trip, you'll probably need some because the mosquito bites were much bigger there, but i didn't want to mix bug spray with sunscreen so i just used the sunscreen and delt with 2 or 3 big mosquito bites...no biggy.)-Ladies  Men: Shaving things, creams, etc.Try to get a direct flight to the DR; we had to connect at San Juan/Puerto Rico (Extremelyyyyy rude people, i'll never vacation there, thank God we didn't get the package we almost booked there) so that was an extra 3 hours of travel time.Cigarettes: If you're a smoker, bring plenty! Although Marlboros are $3 a pack at the hotel 'minimarket', the Davidoffs are $8 a pack...helps to bring plenty of your own.CELL PHONES  PHONE CARDS:We saw people with cellphones there, although I'm not sure if they bought them just for there, or if they brought them to DR from home. You'll have to inquire about this because making calls from DR to NY for instance is really expensive. We bought a $6 calling card that gave 17 minutes, but they charge you $2 for EACH connection (each number you're calling) if you use the phones in the lobby, and about $1.50 for each connection from your hotel room. We called from the hotel room because it was quiter. Phonecards can be purchased at the mini-market at the hotel.Learning a few spanish words goes a long way. Everyone says hola so you do the same.......PRINT THIS OUT AS A GUIDE...it'll really help when you're there.....Happy Vacationing!!!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilich
<Content>Great resort My husband and I stayed at the Royal Club from 11/15 through 11/22 and had a great time. I definitely recommend the upgrade because you get your own restaurant, pool and the private beach area.Also, you have a separate check in. The Club area is not very crowed, the restaurant has a buffet and a short menu for breakfast and lunch. I liked the main buffet for dinner because the selection was huge; at the same time it gets very busy there and the lines are long.A piece of advice:Don鈥檛 forget to brush your teeth with bottled water and wash your toothbrush in it as well.Bring plenty of sunscreen; otherwise you will have to pay US$30 at the hotel shop.We brought home some rum and coffee. (Their coffee is pretty good)If you turn right and walk on the beach for about 20 min you will see some souvenir stores, right after them there is a restaurant Captain Cook. When you walk through it, cross the street, you will find a grocery store. It would be your best place to buy rum and coffee. The local crafts are not very good there.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ill ill ill we stayed from 8th till 22 nov.the hotel was great, the service was great, the beach was great, the cleanliness was great.so what was the problem ???= the food.It was either cooked and cold or undercooked and cold, it gave me and a lot of others bad diarareaha from the 4th day of the holiday till 1 week after returning home.I think the buffet restaurant could improve there quality of the food,Also The time share sellers, my god they are like valtures, a time share man approached us on day 1 of our holiday, and booked us to have a chat with another time share man on the following day, we told him we wasnt interested, but he insisted we attend the following day at 9.30. So me and my husband decided to hide from this man, and we went for a walk along the waters edge, and the time share man found us and , almost dragged us to the meeting, when we got into the meeting we made it clear we wasnt interested, but this man went on and on, he took us on a tour of the hotel, and if we bought a time share we would be intitled to all this and that, after a hour of them wasting our time.i stood up and said look we dont want one, we cant afford one, and im going to sun bathe.He said we should finish our chat, i said i wasnt interested and we stood up and went.These people should be stopped from intruding in peoples holidays.It isnt fair.We didnt enjoy our hoilday, wouldnt go back again.I cant evan look at the video, its too upsetting  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pete-nj-malaga
<Content>great time we had a great time, just came back on the 22 nd, the weather could have been better, the rooms were nice, we had a garden veiw for two days and changed to ocean front for five more days, the food was very good, lots of fruit and vegtables, pork chops, steak, chicken, sausage, shrimp, ice cream, you name it they had it, the place is very nice the people are nice and helpful, the beach is great nice aqua color water, the staff was very nice and helpful, we took to trips while we were there one to paradise island were you took a catamaran to the island and a speed boat back, also went four wheeling, anyone going should not be disappointed, i would say that it was a great value for my money, i have been to aruba, jamica, cancun,  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slyone
<Content>sick, sick, sick - boring We stayed here for our honeymoon from November 11th to 18th. When we arrived we got nothing but the runaround from the front desk staff who tried to give us a standard room even though we had paid $600 for the Royal Club Suite through our travel agent. It took 48 hours for us to finally get the room we paid for. We had to do a lot of running around to finally get it, and it was not worth the extra $600 we paid. On 4th day there we were extremely ill. We had a fever for 48 hours, then vomitting and diarrhea for 7 days. We stayed in bed for half or our trip. When we returned home we went to emergency and are currently on antibiotics and they are testing us for parasites. I've travelled lots and have stayed in 3 1/2 star resorts that were ten times betters than this place. We found the nightly entertainment quite a bore too...  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb holiday best ever The occidental in punta cana is a fantastic complex. The place is kept amazingly clean. Food was great choices for everyone. The beach is the best i have ever seen even better than ainsdale beach! Only problem was the germans were a little ignorant. And i dont understand why people go here and sit under the canopys in the shade all day! The staff are really friendly always smiling which is great. Would recommend to anyone. First class in all aspects.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Beautiful Resort! We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana from November 7th - 13th. I've been to several islands, but this was my boyfriend's first time to the Caribbean, and I couldn't wait for him to experience the beauty of the sand and the sea. The only disappointment we experienced was that the weather was unkind this particular week - we pretty much only saw the sun the afternoon we arrived and the morning we departed. However, he urged me to make the best of it, and this resort made it very easy to do just so! First of all, I found it to be immaculately clean. There were people constantly sweeping the grounds and clearing dirty glasses and ashtrays from every surface. The beach and pool lounges were in perfect order the start of everyday. With exception to the service in the buffet, we found the staff to be expertly attentive, comprehensive of English, and save for a bartender here and there, very friendly. The pools were amazing. They sprawled throughout the resort and were great for just getting your feet wet at some points to swimming or playing volleyball (which we personally didn't) at other parts. There was a nice swim-up bar that helped us make the best of a particularly rainy day - hey, we were wet already! The beach was just as great, with pleanty of lounges, little seweed and a cute beach bar. Unfortunately, the weather made it difficult to sit out at times because it was terribly windy. I mean, really, really windy. Also, due to the wind the water was quite rough so the red flag was up and we were unable to take advantage of the complimentary kayaks, Hobie Waves, and snorkeling gear that were looking forward to. Mostly we read and drank and just plain relaxed by the pool during the week and that was just fine! The room was fine. We were in building 13, right near the beach. It was kept clean, everything worked properly, had a nice size balcony and bathroom, and we kept our CVS drug store card in the slot the whole week to keep the A/C running all the time. One thing, and I could be wrong, but it seems that one of my bathing suits walked out of the drawer and the room all together. The room had a little fridge that was kept with a gallon of bottled water and some sodas and beer. Speaking of water...bottled water was given out quite freely at this resort. I have been to other all-inclusives where you had to buy bottled water! I am thirsty a lot and it was nice to have all the water I needed, whenever I wanted it. The food. Ahhh, the food. Almost always the biggest point of contention to visitors at all-inclusives. Well, the food here wasn't so bad. In fact we enjoyed almost all of our meals. The first night we had the dinner buffet. It was the last night we had the dinner buffet. It just wasn't our cup of tea, an frankly not that good - oh, my boyfriend is an extremely picky eater. The buffet was fine for breakfast - lots of great breads, fruits and pastries, eggs cooked to order, and cold cereal, you couldn't go wrong. For lunch at the regular buffet or beach buffet, some chicken and rice and beans were fine for me. Sometimes for lunch or a snack we ate at the snack bar, Home Rum, and had burgers or french fries or nachos. Dinner was the most important meal and after the first night, we made reservations at the specialty restaurants. The steakhouse is a brazillian rodizo and all of the meat was well cooked and delicious. A tip - take it easy on the first few rounds, because they bring out the better stuff later on! The Mexican was good. We had fajitas and can't complain. The Italian - not so good. But we are from New York, where italian is just about as good as you can get it anywhere. They have a brick-oven pizzeria (no reservations required), while despite being New York pizza lovers we were extremely impressed. In fact, we regretted not going back there the last night instead of Italian. It was actually perfect, yummy, satisfying pizza (not the like the grim looking pizza we spotted at the lunch buffet). Our favorite by far was the Asian. I had the Thai soup which was great, the appetizers included sushi, yakitori, vegetable rolls, scallops in oyster sauce, all brought to our table at once. The entree was for two and they brought a little grill right to our table and cooked pork, chicken, beef, and shrimp. It was delicious. Oh, and if you go there, you must get what I have come to refer to as The Best Dessert Ever. Bananna Rice Puding (served in a coconut shell). My boyfriend had a 60 minute massage at the spa for $60USD. I had to cancel becasue of the impending doom of a rather uncomfortable stomach ache, but he really enjoyed it - and they had the room set up with hearts and flowers for us to get them together! Oh, well. We booked through Apple tours, and the rep booked our dinner reservations for us each day, and there was computer right on our floor to use for internet access all day. The rep was a little hard to find sometimes, though. The transportation provided to and from the airport went very smoothly. It was a very European crowd, and we enjoyed that. We did find that tipping worked to our advantage, from getting the very next table at the pizzeria, to getting the rodizio server to hit out table first everytime he came out with a new spit of meat, to ensuring smiles from the bartenders. Overall we loved our vacation, despite the weather. I would recommend the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana to friends and family and will even look into their other resports for future vacations!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>had an awesome time My girlfriend and I spent a week at the Grand Flamenco Punta Cana the week of November 6th 2004. Although my friend is a regular, it was my first trip to this resort and to punta cana. What can I say... The food was not great, unfortunately the weather was not on our side this particular week and do you know what? None of that mattered. I had the best holiday I have ever had and I have had many. The staff were remarkable and many will be remembered fondly. We were two girls on our own and not once did we feel at all unsafe even walking home in the wee hours. I will definitely return the same time next year. The disco Mangu was my favorite. By next year I will know more spanish and definitely learn the art of spanish dancing. I thought it was different to have the locals dancing with us at the disco but I would not have it any other way because only dominicans can move that special way. Our room was very comfortable. The thing that was the worst was not in their control. The hotel was affected by the Hurrican season and repairs were often and loud. It's obvious that the hotel has a drainage problem as the water accumulated after every rain. The plumbing was not the best either and the poor pool bar servers stood many of days in sewage water. Anyhow, a beautiful resort with the most wonderful people...see you there next year. Lisa and Sue  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>From a Latina's Perspective!! These folks all work hard to make sure your stay w/ them is the best...from the shows, games, service.. right down to the way they say hello to you... It was the best experience I've ever had!!! Thank You!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jim99
<Content>Had A Good Time We stayed at the Grand Flamenco from 11-5 to 11-12. My wife and I are in our 40's and have been to Mexico several times (Cancun, Cozumel and Puerto Vallarta) and Grand Cayman. This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic and we liked it well enough that I am sure we will go back.Things we liked were:The beach was very nice, we really liked the many palm trees. There are not enough palapas so if you want shade you must go early and stake your claim to one. Because there are mostly French and Germans there were many topless women on the beach and around the pool.The massages were $60 for 1 hour. This is much less than the usual $90-$110 at other resorts we have been to. Ask for Edwarda she does very nice deep tissue massage. The spa also has a small but good gym.The food was OK. There were enough choices so that we were able to find something at every meal. The fruits, veggies and breads were great. The hamburgers were not good as was all of the beef. Pork, chicken and shrimp were just fine. We did not get sick. Le Buffet and the Beach Grill were our favorites.The staff was friendly and helpful. I was impressed by their language skills. Our room although not luxorious was clean, had a patio with a nice view and the hot water worked most of the time. The AC was cold and the maid kept our refrigerator stocked with beer, water and sodas.Things we did not like :The cab ride to and from the airport was like a cardiac stress test. There are no rules of the road in this place. It is like a scene out of Mad Max. Do not drive here!Be careful when walking outside the grounds of the hotel. Dont even think about renting a scooter.The vendors at the Plaza Bavaro and at the beach market were very aggressive. They were like human Pop-ups. None of the stuff has prices marked on it and they will ask insane prices for what they are selling. Shop around because prices vary greatly. The same bottle of rum will range from $8 to $25 from one shop to the next.Punta Cana is too far from many points of interest.Overall I had a great time and would recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Nice Well, first of all, let me say that its very hard to impress a Manhattan-ite so I know from experience not to expect too much from some vacation spots. But overall, we had a nice time at the GF resort. (I am 26yo and my fiance is 39) We just returned last night, so I'm choosing to write my review while its still fresh on my mind. The staff was very friendly - all smiles. We are somewhat multilingual, so communication wasn't too much of a problem. The gardens were beautiful and the grounds are very well maintained. The pools were also spectacular as well as the beach. Go to the website and check out the very accurate virtual tour videos. The rooms are fine, but who really goes to paradise to sit around in your room anyway? There were ample, fun water activities/sports. The mainly European crowds were a pleasure - you will not find loud spring breaker drunken types here. Great place for a family as well as couples. The food was not so great. The meats were very overcooked. But judging by some of the round bodies on the beach, perhaps some people should do without eating for a few days! There were also a lot of very pushy vendors on the hotel grounds selling timeshares, crafts, etc which was an annoyance. Also, though the beach was gorgeous, there were not enough shade huts, so that might be an issue for those who burn easily. Basically with travel, you get what you pay for. If you're looking for a nice little getaway, than I recommend the GrandF, If you want perfection, than go to the Four Seasons in St Barth's or something. We had a nice time and enjoyed our stay as well as enjoyed meeting other guests from all over the world. Also take the SCUBA day trip to Catalina on the other side of the island. You don't have to dive to enjoy the calm clear waters there. Also, the evening shows (singing and dancing) were well done, they seemed to be a real treat for the elderly set as well as the children. I give Grand Flamenco a 7 out of 10. I personally would not return, but would still recommend it. If you're a big city, jet setter type, (sorry for the cliche!) than i'd say save your money and go someplace a little more sophisticated. This place is 1,000 times better than your typical Sandals/Breezes/etc, but like I said, you get what you pay for. Its beautiful, but very casual. We felt a little bit out of place in my cocktail dresses and my fiance's trousers and button-down shirts for dinner, so also be aware of that when you're packing. We were surprised to see a lot of tank tops and sneakers on men and denim on the women for dinner. Anyway, if you decide to go, I hope you enjoy yourselves!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TracyG24
<Content>Go to Cuba instead We travel a lot and do the range: from backpacking in Southeast Asia for two months to honeymooning in Cuba at an all-inclusive. My point is that I've stayed in some pretty fleabag places before but I expected more for the price of this place.We have stayed at all-inclusives in Mexico, Cuba and Dominican. Prior to leaving, someone said, Why would you bother going to the Dominican? They're 20 years behind in service compared to other tourist destinations like Cuba or Mexico. How true. Despite my friend's solid Spanish, we had problems communicating with the front desk staff who were always less than happy. We left generous gifts in the room (nice enough rooms and clean) for the maids each day but it was a crapshoot to see if we'd even get clean towels by the end of the day. Beach towels often not available, though I must say the beach was beautiful. Pure white, clean sand, lovely water but nothing to see snorkelling off the beach. Diving was good from La Romana contrary to other reports I'd read that there is nothing to see there (I've dove in six other countries).Meals were fine enough, great breakfast buffet with vast selection that even pleased my vegetarian husband. But to have to pay extra for the lobster dinner was chintzy, to say the least. Plus the complimentary wine was absolutely undrinkable unless you chose to pay for a better quality one at Canadian prices. Fun dance classes, good entertainment staff at the beach but the night shows were cheesy (unless you like seeing other tourists making idiots of themselves.) Compared to the SuperClubs experience in Varadero, Cuba, I'd say why bother going to the Dominican? Beaches are just as nice in Cuba, Mexico, Thailand, Bali, etc. where you get more of a taste of the culture WITH some decent service. In Cuba, we had towels shaped into swans and boats, a gorgeous room with two patios, top-notch entertainment from classical musicians to lively dance plus a roving saxophone player at sunset one night, FREE lobster any night, excellent premium-brand drinks, free rum and champagne to our room ... And our Cuba trip was about $2,000 for two weeks while this place in the DR cost $1,700 for one. I expected much more.Sorry but the Dominican has a long ways to go before I'd ever recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Flamenco Good and Bad We just returned 11/01/04 from a good and bad week at Grand Flamenco. Like a lot of other reviews lets start with the food. It started out OK but got worst as the week went on, it seems all the Americans were getting sick and all the Europeans loved the food. The buffet had the same food every day for the most part and everything was either overcooked or undercooked. Everyone we talked to that ate at the Italian resterant got sick the next day. Enought with the food, I'm starting to get sick thinking about it. The grounds and beach were great as was the pool area. The service was very good, everyone went out of there way to help anyway they could. The bartender at the swimup bar was great, we tipped him a few bucks the first day and didn't have to ask for a drink the rest of the week, I think his name was Joaquin. Overall it was a good vacation but i think we would go to a different resort next time.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation!!!! At first, i was a little scared because of some bad reviews that i had read here. But i can honestly say, that they were not rue, or taken to the extreme.Probably those people are really spoiled and arrogant, i can just imagine, because most people working in that resort are superr nice.Food was good, as some reviewers have said before, don't expect gourmet food, but definitely good food.75% europeans and canadians. Many topless ladies.Overall this resort was great. I want to go backkkkkkkkkkkkkkk miss the place!!.Recommendations:- Take your peptobismol, imodium or whatever in case you get an upset stomach.- Take your own towels.- Be patient, enjoy.- Participate in the activities.- First day reserve the restaurants for the whole stay.- Sit down with a sales representative (In total it would take 1 hr) they will try to sell you staff, but even if you don't buy anything you automatically get one free excursion (Horseback riding, i did it, it was awsome, or 4 wheelers)- Snorkling tour, we paid 120 for my husband and me at the aqua sports place which is located in front of the beach, but try to bargain with them, if not, go to a place that is right next to the kayaks, of this resort (But that actually belongs to the neighbor hotel (Palladium)) and you can bargain this trip for $90 for two people. We found this out after we had paid the $120 =(- Remember to call in advance for the trip back to the airport.- If you withdrawal money from the ATM right next to MANGU you get a better exchange rate than if you go to the lobby and exchange your dollars.- If you want to buy something, bargain bargain bargain.- Get your calling card at the airport, or store right outside the resort. (With these calling cards you will see that you need to dial #311 that is equivalent to an 800 number here, so don't let the people at the lobby fool you, evenso, don't even use it at the lobby, go outside and look for a phone.But i recommend this place 100%. Will go back with my whole family next year.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>*****(5) is *(1) in the USA My wife and I just spent 7 days here. Here are my positive comments:1. Beautiful beaches 2. Beautiful women3. Beautiful sands4. Beautiful grounds5. Beautiful room on the 3rd try, first two already occupied, and 2 hrs after 3:00 check inAnd the negatives1. Golden Corral is a 6 star resturant compared to here2. Want better service buy a VIP unit for $17,000 maybe that will help (UP TO 40% off list. I Beat that with a good travel agent. SkyAuction)3. VIP were on us all the time.. Miss that FLorida timeshare hardsell?????4. Went to steak house to get some good food, ordered a steak medium rare, got barbequed ribs instead, asked the waiter what happened, just shrugged his shoulders.5. Drinks when you got them had no liquor in them unless you made your point to have it.6. Shows????? What shows??? Were you guys even at this resort.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pants69
<Content>Great Family Vacation.......Water Sports Watch Out!!!! This is our second time to this hotel (once previously 2 years ago) and we decided to bring our parents with us! We were there from Oct 23rd-30th. Overall, everyone had a good time. The beach was as beautiful as last time, but I do agree with the previous review about the beach chairs. Some people think it is nice to take these chairs to build little huts for themselves while others are wondering around just looking for a chair to sit on. It also obstructs your view of the beautiful beach. This is a serious problem and imagine, we were there during low season! The main issue we encountered was the lack of availability of the water sports equipment. Each morning, the flag was always red (no equipment available). We would ask why and there was always an excuse (waves too big, too much/too little wind, etc..). All the neighbouring hotels had all there equipment out and available EVERY DAY! This was very fustrating especially considering my father loves sailing and was looking forward to this part of his vacation. The water sports club employees were extremely lazy and would make you feel uncomfortable when you would ask them a question. The water sports would become available around 3pm in the afternoon for approximately 1 hour. We soon realized that the reason for this was because their only focus was to make money off the equipment that required payment. This is very disappointing to all those active people that look forward to these watersport activities.As for the food, the variety is definitely there. The food is good and you won't starve. There is something for every taste. If someone cannot find something to eat, I don't think the problem is with the food.All the staff is very friendly and will help you with whatever you request (except the watersports...obviously). Would we go back? Well it's been 2 times now so we will try something new, but we would recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking for a big complex with lots of variety of activities and food.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was pleasant My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon at the Flamenco.I can understand some of the bad review in the site - fortunately we did not encounter the same treatment - you get what you pay for.For us - we were pleasantly surprised and happy; the room and hotel were clean; our room was an ocean front - the view was absolutely gorgeous. The weather was perfect.However, I have to agree with some of the review - the food was average - not good nor bad. I had better in other resorts.Given what we paid for - i give it a 3.5/4.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamita819
<Content>Had a Blast!! Let me start off by saying that please do not listen to all these negative reviews. If you go with a crappy attitude and let everything bother you, then you will obviously have a bad time. The hotel is are really beautiful, pools are absolutely gorgeous, beach is phenomenal. Anyone looking to travel there soon has nothing to worry about. I was there from Oct 21st - 26th and the weather was great. The hotel was fully up and running. I went with my mom and still had a wonderful time. I had no problems checking in. The room is larger than I thought it would be. Our building was close to the beach so that was a plus. You will have to put a towel or bag down to reserve a chair as everyone has been mentioning because everyone else there has the same idea as you. You don't have to go at 6 or 7am but try to get out there before 9ish...right before going to breakfast. There are 3 pools so you will find some place to hang out. The beach gets very very crowded and people steal chairs and make mini huts for themselves to block the sun. HOWEVER, this prevents others from finding chairs so that gets a little annoying. Expect to see topless women....some even in their golden years. The night shows are fun and translated into like 4 languages so you'll get the gist of the show. Excursions are great. I went on the 4x4 guided tour through the town of Macao. LOTS Of fun. It's like 3-4 hours longs and you're riding through the village, visit a natural cave, go to the beach, have a snack. When you go on this, PLEASE, bring food, candy, dollars, etc for the children you see. Seeing these kids broke my heart as we drove through the city. It's a poor section of Punta Cana and these children have NOTHING but the love of their parents. They love to run after trucks and look forward to waving at tourists. The hotel will allow you to take a picnic basket of breads and fruits...so please don't be afraid to do it. Also went on the safari that took us throught the town, sugar cane plantation, church, school, beach, horse back riding, and a dominican buffet. This is well worth it. I will be honest about the food, I personally wasn't overly impressed and I'm no picky eater. I thought the food was just average, which is ok because I didn't go there expecting to eat Filet Mignon and Lobster every day. So with that, I'll say there is something for everyone. There's enough food to pick at to keep your tummy full. The buffet has special theme nights every day of the week and there are like 3-4 specialty restaurants. So do not worry about starving. Please go with an open mind and decency. All in all I had an awesome time. I would definitely go back to Punta Cana and I recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lellyp
<Content>blinding time!!! would do it all over again. We were 2 famalies travelling together. 4 adults 3 children aged 13 10  8, Well they had a brill time. It was our second time to the resort and although there had been a few changes nothing too dramatic. Some for the better others not quite the same as we remembered but not bad. The entrance to the hotel is stunning, all the people working there were very friendly always greeted with hola from everyone.The trips were excellent - Outback safari if you only do one trip do this one!!! Amazing everything you could wish for in one day culture, scenery, beach. I dont want to tell you too much and spoil it, on your jeep ask for a rum and coke!!!! Our guide Nacho was brill.Saona Island was a very nice day, worth doing the bus journey a bit too long though.Swimming with the sharks and rays was good even though a little spooky!!!Kontiki-Well what can I say!!!! Go and find out for yourselves!! Just watch out for the rum punch as it will come and kick you up the back side!!!! Be warned!!!! The crew work very hard for your enjoyment.Back to resort.....Food excellent. Animation team excellent a specail BIG THANK YOU to Micky for dancing with me!! ( I didn't want to!) Jesus for keeping us amused Betsadia  Chi Chi for keeping the girls happy they were brillant with them nothing was ever too much trouble. They greeted them with cuddles and kisses all the time!Restaurants-we tried them all our best was the mexican. If theres a waiter called Eddy ask him for a tequila boom boom!!! Was good fun. Steak house-we were all confused from start to finish, it would be better if it was explained to you but the food was very good IF you like meat meat and more meat!!!! everything from sausages to steak!!!! But we laughed and it was an experience. Please email me if you have any questions i will be more than happy to reply.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks for coming out i shall keep this review to the point and in list form:positives:-white sand, turquoise waters-well kept grounds-a surplus of water activities, however at additional cost-one night an open market comes to the property, the crafts and paintings are well made, and you can bargain for good prices-scenic beachside walknegatives:-upon arrival, we were welcomed to a loud HEY?! as we were assigned to an occupied room-CUSTOMER SERVICE DOES NOT EXIST...the gran flamenco staff work to rule-mediocre food that is HABITUALLY served 7 days a week-incompetant staff who just smile and nod. When calling front desk, expect to be re-routed to 6 different people, only to be later told by the initial person who answered the phone that s/he doesnt know and please call again later-the roof leaks when it rains....keep your things off the floor (we changed rooms 3 times) -staff interupted us several times a day to clean- i don't know about you, but housekeeping need not enter my suite at 11:00 p.m.tips:-when ordering drinks, order enough to last you for 30mins. because that is how long it will take for you to recieve your beverages, also use fingers to display the number of beverages required, speaking spanish or english doesn't help...you will always get 1 of whatever you order-avoid a la carte restaurants, unless you would like to spend the rest of your evening confined to ur room's bano-bring ALL necessary toiletires, medications etc. otherwise you will be paying $25 US for insect repellent-DO NOT rely on the wake-up call-bring a lock for your luggage and keep your do not disturb sign on the handle when you leave the room to avoid midnight house keeping****-travel with someone that you will not want to punch after 7days, because quality in company is this resorts only saving grace  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simsz
<Content>Awsome Spent from Oct. 10th-17th. One problem we had was check in we had 3 rooms  I thought they could of at least had 1 room ready to put our luggage in at 3:00 which is check in time we didn't get a room till 5:00, our kids have never been anywhere like this before  they are still talking about how much fun they had. The food was about as good as it gets the beach restaurant had so many different foods to offer, it was my favorite place to be at 12:30pm everyday. The beach was just out of this world had to be the most gorgeous beach we have ever seen. The bartenders need to pay more attention when people come up to the bar, as when we came up  at least 12 people came up after us  they were served before us, this happened more than once, when we walked away in disgust they tried to call us back,so they knew what they were doing. They had great shows at night first they have about an hour activities with the kids on stage before they go to bed, then games  awards with adults, then the show starts which were very enjoyable. All in all it was one of the best resorts we've ever been.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Spent Oct 11-17 at the Grand Flamenco. I never give consumer advice yet in this case after reading reviews here I will. For $130 per night this was the best vacation I ever had. I noticed nothing which was dingy or in poor shape. The food was way better than decent. The only thing I didnt like were the sausages @ breakfast. You could not go wrong....food off a grill, coldcuts, breads, cereal, deserts and the main dishes. There was something for everyone. The beach was fantastic. All the employees smiled which is all I wanted. Dont let the bad reviews about the food scare you.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>susansepe
<Content>Grand Flaminco/Punta Cana Just got back: 10/15/04....My husband and I were terribly disappointed. While the hotel, scenery, sea, were pretty.....the food was less than desirable. This includes the restaurants, not just the buffett. The cold foods were warm and the hot foods were room temp. We travel frequently and are usually easy to please w/food........We will be Breezes Resorts travelers again....not Occidental.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scheib_megan
<Content>A True Week in Paradise....       beautiful sunset with palms  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Got back after Hurrican Jean We got back on 22 September after spending 2 weeks at Grand Flamenco. The first week was amazing just as expected, i was wary after having read some of the reports, but upon our arrival once we entered the lobby we were pleasantly surprised. The hotel itself is amazing, i read a review that said the hotel should be 3* this is absolute rubbish! the grounds are immaculate, the resort is spotless and the beach is breathtaking. We had a top floor room with ocean front view, it was wonderful until the Hurricane came. I had been watching the weather channel and a couple of days before we got hit i asked the Guest Services if the hotel is ok to withstand a hurricane, i was ASSURED that the hotel was built for such events. When it eventually came, it was very scary (i'm from the UK so not much hurricane experience) but the thing that was frightening was that the tiles on our roof were ripped off, then the rain came flooding in the the roof, the glass doors of the balcony sounded as though they were about to pop (some in other rooms actually did) and we spent the night in the bathroom. Nevertheless when it died down in the morning we went to reception and breakfast was laid out just as normal but by candlelight (whilst water was pouring through some parts of the ceiling!) As u may imagine having a hotel full of 800+ guests, the reception area was like a zoo! The reception could not cope, people were screaming for change of rooms etc. We decided to stay put and do the best we could but the rain continued and our room and beds were soaked, we eventually asked to move. We were moved to another room where people had only minutes before left to check out, it took us from 2pm continually asking reception to get a maid to clean and change the bed linens till 12 midnight when someone actually turned up. The ground staff did an amazing job the hurricane hit on a wednesday, it did'nt stop raining till Sunday, but by the Wednesday the resort had been completely restored, all swimming pools emptied cleaned and refilled, the beach you would never had known as it was spotless minus a couple of Palm trees and cabanas. All in all the hotel is fabulous, the beach is amazing, if you want a good room phone a week before and request it. Just DON'T go in hurricane season. !!!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>annieh
<Content>Beautiful My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel in May. Let's just first start off by saying that if you're into going on vacation somewhere that's not in America, but is Americanized do not go to Punta Cana. I am a travel agent so I had free tickets to fly into any Caribbean destination and I heard such good things about D.R. I just had to go. Reading the reviews I kind of knew what to expect. We didn't go through a tour group so I made sure I printed out all my confirmations and kept them in a folder, thank goodness I did this because when I checked in, they couldn't find my reservation. It probably took me over 45 mins. until I got my key. Through these reviews I learned to just be patient, put a smile on your face and you'll get something in return. We got the best room at the resort! Even when we checked out and the man at the front desk saw what room number we had, he told us the same thing. Oceanfront corner room. I was very thankful and that night I came back to the front desk and gave the gentleman $20.00. It was well worth it! The pool is beautiful as so is the beach. We had no problem getting chairs at the beach or the pool and I suggest bringing your own beach towels. Staff was very kind and helpful. Some cons to this resort and DR: My boyfriend is a very very very very picky eater. It's almost embarressing how picky he is. Let's just say that after 7 days at this all inclusive resort, he LOST 8 pounds. Who does that? The food definitely caters to the French cuisine and after the 3rd day, I was even sick of the food. If you're a younger person looking for nightlife, don't stay here! The only place to hang at night and drink is the lobby bar, and one can only hang out at a lobby bar for so many nights. Got very monotonus and boring. DEFINITELY tip your bartenders the first night and they'll know you by name and you'll be the first one served. Emilio is the best!!!!!! We ate at a couple of the restaurants but mostly ate at the buffet. Fill up at lunch on the bbq chicken by the beach. It's fantastic! Also, I went to Wal-Mart and stocked up on preventative meds. like immodium, pepto, benadryl spray, and boy was I happy I did. We took pepto tablets 2 days before we left and every morning before we ate and had no problems. Make sure you bring bug spray and do not leave your door open in your room or you'll get eaten alive. Benadryl spray is a MUST. All in all we had a great time and met alot of nice people. I understood going there that I was going to a 3rd world country and it would be alot different then what I'm used to. There are other Caribbean destinations I want to go to, and will probably not go back to the DR. Have fun, relax, and you'll have a great time!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Hotel in July. We we're there to celebrate my sister's birthday and I'm sure it will be a birthday not forgotten. The hotel is beautiful and the beach is breathtaking..... There was a lot of variety at the buffet restaurant we did not go to the a la carte restaraunts. The lobby of the hotel is beautiful. This resort has a lot to offer for all ages... I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel is not safe... I stayed in the hotel and was pleased at first. But then came Hurricane Jeane : then became clear that this hotel is not build to resist any wind at all... The safety of the hotel is minus zero. I don't want to know what would have happened with me if it was a stronger hurricane (Ivan?) that would have hit us. This hotel should not stand on a place were hurricanes sometimes appear...During the three days of natureproblems, we didn't get ANY assistance of the hotelstaff at all. We were left on our OWN. The roof was of my room, it rained inside,some rooms had no windows any more, but nobody was there to help me at all. Occ. Gran Flamenco : good on first sight, but stay away from it if you want to be safe!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pennsylvania girls loved Punta Cana There were 4 of us that went to Punta Cana. 3 30-somethings and an 8 yr old. I hate reading long reviews, so I'll keep this pretty brief. This was the best vacation I've taken yet. The beach is absolutely beautiful. The resort was clean. The food wasn't Emeril Lagase, but remember, its the culture. They had something for everyone to eat. If you starved, it was your own fault!! HELLO to our wonderful bartenders!! EMILIO, LUIS, FELIX, and METZ. ( and please tip them. They make very little money, and it won't kill you, considering what you spent for the trip) None of us got sick. We did take pepto and omodium with us, but i think we used it once or twice. We went thru Apple vacations and they were great. Our rep, SUE, was nice and very informative. She made you aware of the DO'S AND DON'TS and of all the extra excursions that were available.The entertainment was professional and they even let me sing in one of there shows one night!! That was cool!We went in the middle of AUG. It didnt rain all week. Just one night, after midnight, but in the morning you never knew. Overall. the vacation was a dream!!! we are already checkin out the web for a possible winter get-a-way. Just remember: Vacation is what you make it. Hopefully the good outweighs the bad. We had an awesome time. ADIOS, and have a great vacation!!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>been there twice won't be the last we stayed at this hotel 16/08-30/08. like the last time everything was excellent. the room was always spottless, the food was brill and the entertainment was fantastic. all of the staff there are friendly espessically the main bar staff e.g emillio, metz (yee ha ha ha), jose, louis,tarvaris and felix. they were entertaining even at the end of the night when they were tierd. they all remembered us from last year and they will take care of you salut!!!the trips you should do while visiting punta cana are 1) the sanoa island ( where you get a catermeran to a paridise island have a bbq there and get a speed boat back).2) the kontiki ( where you on a boat and you can go snorkalling but if you do go snorkalling don't drink first. you have a show on it where you can dance and someone does celine dion and micheal jackson. it is the best. the crew are lovely and the drinks are soft drinks for the children, water, presadanteb beer, rum coke and rum punch.all in all this resort is the best ever and we will be coming back next year for a third time .so adios and hope to see them all next year.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise??? My fiance and I spent the week of August 21 at the Grand Flamenco and came home extremely disappointed! This review is not coming from people who dont travel, so its a fair review!!!First let me say that the beach is gorgeous, not Cuba or Greece gorgeous, but it is stunning! Please DO GET UP EARLY TO RESERVE A CABANA, we didnt the first 2 days and we paid the price! You may not want to wake up that early but once you do, you wont want to go back to the room, the sunrise, the warm breeze(you need it when you see how hot it is the rest of the day) and only the sound of the ocean in the background was enough to make me wake up everyday at 6am!We arrived late at night and after checking in(went very smoothly), we were taken to our room along with our luggage. We got to our room and were quite disappointed to see sand all over the floor, the fridge didnt work, and worst of all THE A/C WASNT WORKING! Not a problem if youre in Toronto late at night, but DR evening temperatures are just as high as the daytime! We also didnt get our oceanview or kingsize bed. We didnt ask to be moved right away, we would have stayed in the room had they fixed they A/C. But the technician(there is no technician hes a figment of their imagination) never came! We spent half of the next day IN OUR ROOM WAITING FOR THE TECHNICIAN and being played by the concierge!!! When we should have been on the beach...on VACATION!!! Eventually, after smiling and joking around with them, we had had enough!!! We trekked back to the lobby(not easy in sweltering heat from building #25!!!) My fiance just went off on them, and I had to threaten to sleep in the lobby with the concierge, if they didnt give us a room with A/C! Needless to say, we got it, 30 minutes later!!! Not oceanview or kingsize bed, but atleast we got our A/C!!! As far as this tipping is concerned, please do tip, IF ITS DESERVED! There was no way I was going to tip someone who was rude just so they could give me better service. Our maid got a few dollars everyday, and a few extra when we left, even though she was stealing the snacks we brought with us! :) But she deserved it, she did a great job!!! Unfortunately we never got flowers!!! :(I know they go on about the wages in the DR, but also keep in mind the standard of living, they may make 150 USD a month but their rent is probably 50! Hotel jobs in the DR are like gold, if you want to help the less fortunate go to Higuey and give school supplies and clothes! The hotel staff are not starving, otherwise they wouldnt ALL have cellphones!!!As far as the food goes!!! Please be wary of the leftovers, FROM 2 DAYS BEFORE!!!! Ive NEVER seen a 4 1/2 star hotel serve brussell sprouts from 2 days ago, for breakfast!!! Yes its a third world country, and food should not be wasted, but either get a new kitchen manager and stop making food people dont eat(and not such large portions of unpopular foods) or give it to the hungry children or your starving staff. Alot of these islands are third world, never have I seen this before!!! People were getting sick from it!!! Maybe Id expect it from a 3 or 3 1/2 star hotel, but almost 5 stars and were being served rice with yesterdays leftover meat mixed into it!!!! Ive travelled, this is not the norm!!!! And last but not least, take care of yourself!!! My fiance saw the doctor and it was not a pleasant experience!! She gave him an injection, after 2 tries in the arm she claimed to have found a good vein in his hand so she injected him...only to miss the vein completely and cause a golfball sized bump on his hand!!! Shes a very nice girl(25 yrs old and has been practising medicine for 2 yrs), and we had a great time talking to her, but not very good at her job!!!! The travellers diarrhea she diagnosed was infact a parasite in his stomach from the water(they wash their food with it)!!!!Now a few tips:1. even if you tan easily, take SPF 45 with you, if you need it down there you will pay 30 USD for a small bottle!!!2. Immodium, Pepto, all that stuff. Leave it at home!!! Go to your doctor and get a prescription for travellers diarrhea, and some antibiotics incase you get the nasty little parasite from their water!3. RESERVE THAT CABANA!!!! 4. Buy coffee off the resort, go see Pasquale in the market, very first store! 5 lbs for 15 dollars, the hotel charges 6 dollars a lb!!! Do go explore the market, but dont go alone, go in a group!!! we had a man ask my fiance if he could pimp us(me and another girl) out to him and his son!!!!Overall, great hotel grounds, lovely beach, nice rooms(on 3rd flr...26th building)...but some of the people are just too rude for words(I guess we didnt pay them enough in tips, tipping for a smile is not the norm in the rest of the carribean)!!! And the food, besides the fruit and the bread, was nothing worth writing home about. Definitely need to get some new management!!!Have Fun!!!!p.s...the restaurants are over rated...but its definitely a good idea to make reservations, or youll be pulling out your hair after a week of leftover buffet meals!!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>belleNY
<Content>Had a great time! Before leaving I read the reviews and I got scared most of them where so horrible. This was our 3 time to punta cana and we had stood in Barcelo Beach before. My husband and I travel twice a year. We really had no need to worry the resort was great. The staff was very friendly check in was a breeze we were greeted with with a drink and we were in our room with a luggage in less than 10 minutes. A golf cart took us. We were in building 22 which was perfect close to the pool , theatre and restaurants. a two minute walk from the beach. The rooms were big with the basics very tropical decor. No complaints we were in the room only to shower/sleep. My sister and her husband was in the royal club. she had a suite very nice private pool and restuarant and a better liquor package. But the never hung out in the area they were always on the beach. I say take the royal club if you get a good bargain. they travel 3 - 4 x a year so they got the royal club upgrade for free. (we will be complaining to libetry trave about this) We got the benefits of the liquor package by being with them. haha. The food was good for breakfast and lunch. dinner. What can I say? The italian and steak house were horrible. the mexican was good the fist time we went the second time we went we all left the food. We are from New york we know good restaurant but we always try to make the most of it when we go to differnet locations and we just could not eat the food. We went to a few restaurant in town wher we had a 3 course meal with drinks for $30 for 4people the food was great. beiside the dinner food I cannot complain about this resort. the staff was very friendly especially the bartenders at the main lobby. Especially emilio If you take care of emilio emilio wil take care of you. We did the banana boat which was a riot ant we did the the 4wheeler and parasaling highly recommend them  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HOLIDAY IN HEAVEN! Olah!! It was a holiday in heaven! My husband and I flew to Punta Cana on Aug.26/04 and returned on Sept.1/04 staying at the Grand Flamenco. First class resort - have been to Punta Cana 4 times prior and stayed at a different resort each time. This was by far the best one!! I have never seen such a well organized resort before. The employees are courtious, respectful and very pleasant. It was impeccable. There was staff for each job that had to be done. I am slightly disabled and required a room near the beach and on the ground floor and was given this with no hesitation. We ended up in one of the VIP rooms at no extra charge. Room 13-105 best view. We even received a letter from the General Manager welcoming us to the resort along with a fruit bowl. The beach was groomed each morning and like I said everything was super clean. No critters in our room, no litter, and the community washroom was cleaned after each personal use. There was a housekeeping lady posted outside the washroom entrance. The food was to die for! I am a very picky eater and never had a problem of what to choose...great theme nights too. Had stations where they cook up while you waited. We didn't suffer with an upset stomach once. Didn't spend any time in the pool even though it was a delight (we're ocean people). The vegetation around the resort was absolutely gorgeous. As I mentioned before we have been to Peurto Plata and Punta Cana several times and am already planning to return at Xmas time. I definitely would recommend the Grand Flamenco in a heartbeat. We also fed the fish that came somewhat near the shore. Their harmless and will take a piece of bread from your hand...we had everyone doing it.Only recommendation...take numerous small denominations of US money as the front desk runs out quickly. You will need $20 US for each person at the airport to leave the country.The resort offers a courtesy ride from your room to where ever you need to go on the resort. Great for people that need a bit of assistance, you just need to call. If you want to do a little souvenier shopping, just walk down the beach in either direction or head out to the main road and turn right. There are many street vendors there..but..cut their asking price to 3/4 and start from there. Lots of motorized activities and non-motorized to do. You will surprised with the number of staff that speak English to some degree. The front desk speaks English fluently. Trust me, you will not be dissapointed with your stay! You'll want to do it again soon.Adios amigo.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>acorianaToronto
<Content>Third time their and there will be a fourth!!!!! This has been my third time at this resort and It's just amazing. And i will be back again. Beaches, food, employees, bars, nighty entertainment, sports, etc. They know how to make you have a good time. I have been there the first two times with my mom and brother and this time a went with my mom and we had an amazing timeOur room was oceaview which was amazing waking up and looking out your balcony and seeing the beach. The maids do a great job in claening your room every day so we would tip them daily and give them some clothing or little gifts. The beach is amazing. White sand, blue, greenish, clear water. Just amazing. Music on the beach all day with fun entertainment and sports such as volleyball, football and alot of dancing. Also exercise in the morning at 10am. The Mangu disco is amazing and lets you have a great time. The guys their hid on you alot, but they are all friendly guys and respectful. Mangu I miss you!!!!The Fun Club knows how to make your vaction a very rememberable one and makes it funny and alot of fun. Miky your soooo sexy. Elvis and Sexy Donkey are amazing too. Very funny people. The Nightly Entertainment is so much fun and I strongly recommend you film the entertainment cause their funny and their tropical shows are amazing with great dancers. The bar at the lobby are opened till 1am so many people chilled at the lobby drinking before going to the club because you gotta pay for drinks there. The bartenders are also so funny and make you laugh. Emilio and Jose were so great....Salute!!!!Tiki tiki, bannana mammas, screwdrivers, sex on the beach and cypiringa were awesome drinks. There are always people working around the pools, beach and the walkways all day even at night. And there are always security's roaming the hotel around. On Saturday is Beach party which is sooo amazing. They make the beach a club with music and alot of dancing. Its sooooo much fun. I would strongly recomend this hotel if your going for fun and for having a good time or for just relaxing....its amazing...its the best week i ever spend every year when i go there.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4_the_record
<Content>LUXURY IN THE ROYAL CLUB My husband and I stayed at the Grand Flamenco (Royal Club section) last December for 2 weeks. We absolutly loved it and are returning for two weeks again this December. We had the full use of all the amenities but also had exclusive use of a private pool and restaraunt as well as a private sections of the beach area with premium drinks right at your finger tips. This was all just steps outside our hotel room. We also had our own private check in lobby area frree internet service, unlimited number of cleam fluffy thick white towels. we could book for a restaruant in the afternoon for that night. The service in our priviate area was just excellent. We had waiters and waitresses that were dressed in black and white formal. They were extremly pleasant and spoke english. You also have private shower and washroom facilities near the beach. This little complex only has 51 Club Royal units all situated araound a small pool and dinning area. It was simply paridise. Needless to say my husband could hardly get me out into the rest of the complex! But i did take a liking to the swim up bar and found the main pool to be a spa in itself. Very nice. The food at the dinning area of the Royal Club was outstanding. You could order anything you wanted off of a menu or just enjoy the buffet. Juicy steaks, seafood, fresh fish and all premium liquor, wines and champagne. All from 7 am till about 8 pm. The beach and water was spectacular. We did find the main buffet was abit crowded but what the heck, we wern't in a hurry. Food was good, were not picky and yes i did have some stomach upset and the other but again, what can you do. Drink and eat more i guess. I don't think it was any kind of actual food poisoning but rather different foods and rich fruit, which i'm just not used to. We had a blast at the disco and danced right along with the young ones till the wee hours. We travel frequently and this resort was definatly first class. I really think in order to enjoy the full luxury this resort offers, you need to stay in the CLUB ROYAL section. Spend the extra, your worth it and enjoy? See you in 11 weeks.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nivaldad
<Content>Awesome...best trip ever Just came back yesterday. To all those that wrote bad reviews and complained about cracked tiles and seaweed in the ocean...you really need to relax and enjoy life, pettiness will ruin your trip. The only complaint that I have about this trip was the service at the front desk and a couple of the bartenders, they really could be allot nicer...we got to the hotel at around 11pm, check-in was a breeze, had our bags within 30 minutes of checking in. At this point we were starving, there is no food in the hotel after 10:30am, asked security where we could eat, he told us to go to the grill by the club...but you have to pay, a little complaining and we got food for free, it's all-inclusive, you should not have to pay for anything ever...no matter what time it is...that was pretty ridiculous, but we just let that go and continued our vacation. At check out again the front desk was a little rude and called us cheap when we refused to pay for 2 extra calls that they were trying to charge us for , cause the operator dialed the numbers wrong and they had to retry, they were whispering in spanish, too bad I understood them. We had a late flight so after check out we got to go back to the beach, we were told we would be given a hospitality room to shower before leaving, the only thing they don't tell you is that, 6 other people will be given the same room, so you gotta give yourself plenty of time to get ready to leave, cause you might have to wait to shower. Asides from the above we had no problems whatsoever, and we just didn't let these things get to us and ruin our vacation. The rooms were great, we were in building 23, close to the everything, definitely one of the better buildings, we requested the 3rd floor and had no problem getting it. We had absolutely no problems with the room, no cracked tiles either...not that i would have complained about them. The only thing with the 3rd floor, after a couple of drinks it becomes difficult to always walk up the steps. The resort is absolutely gorgeous, daytime, nighttime, anytime, it's amazing. The beach is beautiful, for the people that complain about the seaweed, it's an ocean if you can control the ocean and not have any seaweed than you should definetely open a seaweed free beach resort. There is plenty of huts that unfortunately were always taken, cause of inconsiderate people that grab them early then don't even use them, if you don't want the shade leave the hut area and let other use them...too many topless women on the beach which i don't think should be allowed considering the amount of families that are there and they definetely should not be allowed to be topless on the pool. The chairs are very uncomfortable they definetely should be upgraded. Overall a gorgeous beach, try the banana boat definelely worth the $8, our driver was trying to make us fall i think, it was allot of fun. The food at the resort was great, we didn't have any problems until we had the mexican it was great when you were eating, however you better have plently of Pepto Bismol and Imodium you will need it for breakfast the next morning. The italian and the grill was very good, we went twice to both, the buffet was good during lunch, same thing everyday, breakfast was a little dull. The beach and the the pool bar were great for lunch. Entertainment...they are amazing, i think i have the Solo Tu (official hotel song) dance almost memorized. The guys are all allot of fun looky, looky...watchy, watchy, always plenty of activities going on, the 5pm dance class is great. At night you have Mangu, great club, we would go at around 12:30 every night, they start the night with the local music then they play the english stuff which gets the crowd going then they bring back the spanish stuff it's great, the locals are fun cause they love teaching you how to dance, we prefered the weekdays over the weekends cause it was too packed on saturday, the bartenders are awesome, fun guys. Overall this was an absolutely awesome trip, i didn't want to come home, 7 days is not enough we needed 10 at least. It's a great resort and for those of you who will pick on every little thing, stay home, it's vacation relax and enjoy it. I would definetely stay at this resort again, i just hope they have new front desk workers.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lookie Lookie Having never been on an all-inclusive Caribbean vacation before, I wasn't sure what to expect when I arrived at my resort. However, the friendly and courteous staff put my worries to rest. Out check-in was a breeze and even though the room we were assigned was untidy, we had a new room in a matter of 5 minutes (Ocean view, brilliant!)The room was great, air conditioning, plenty of towels and somewhat decent water pressure (We were on the 2nd floor). We left the maid a couple of dollars each day and received fresh flowers and clean towels. She was very kind and helpful.The food was typical and didn't vary from foods we were normal to (Althought I learnt you can cook a banana 101 different ways!). My friends and I were fine, never sick from the food and took a distinct liking to their chocolate covered cornflakes.Overall I would highly recommend the resort, whether rest and relaxation are your thing or if partying the night away until the sun comes up entices you.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible-we called it 'fat camp' My best friend and I went to the Grand Flamenco Punta Cana about two years ago and I only hope that it has gotten better since them. Let's see, where to begin-check in was okay, although we had no idea we had to pay for the lock to our safebox and the TV remote(found that a little odd..but we were excited to be on vacation). We called for an extra pillow and never got it. The food was AWFUL. I cannot stress how bad it was. Hot dogs at every meal is gross, everything was the same color, things that should be chilled (dairy, etc) were not, just disgusting food. The pizza place and the Mexican place were okay, but everything else was vile. I am not a picky eater, but really, it was gross. At one point we looked at each other and just decided to go to bed without dinner rather than face the buffet. The best meal we got was on our excursion through the countryside. Which, if you ever get a chance to go, you should- it was amazing. They decided to fumigate our room without telling us until after the fact. The staff was unhelpful-all we wanted to know was how much postage we had to put on our postcards so that they would make it back to the US and all they could tell us was how much we should use to send it to England (What?? I know!) We could never get towels at the beach when we needed them. We were stuck with the same nasty towels for two days at one point (EW!). The final insult came when we went to checkout-we called for the bellhop to come get us and our very heavy luggage an hour before we were supposed to be at the main house and they never came!! We called repeatedly and still, no one came so we had to lug all our luggage basically from the beach to the main house in the blazing hot sun. It was awful. I would go back to the DR because the beaches and countryside were lovely but I would never, ever, EVER waste my hard earned money on a place like that ever again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phillyteacher
<Content>Exceeded Our Expectations! My family and I just returned from a 5 day stay from the Grand Flamenco (Aug. 25-29). All you guys who wrote bad reviews are CRAZY! We had a fabulous time, and hope to return soon.Upon check -in, we were sent to a room in Building 23. There was only one problem. There was only a king size bed for our family of four. I calmly took a short walk with my 15 year old to the lobby, and explained to the front desk that we couldn't possibly all sleep together! We were promptly taken in a cart to get our luggage and moved to a room in Building 11 where we were given a room with two double beds. It all worked out, and there was nothing to get upset about. (HINT: You need to go with the flow, and not take things too seriously!).THE ROOMS: The rooms are decorated spanish style. Tile floor and a walk out balcony. Tub had rust stains, but then again why complain. Everything in the bathroom worked, water pressure was fine, and again- this shouldn't make or break your vacation.THE BEACH : Absolutely Breathtaking! There were plenty of chairs available near the water, and as people left the shady areas, we sat there. It is really not the big deal that some reviewers made it out to be. There are signs telling you not to reserve chairs, but people seem to ignore them. Again, go with the flow! Either get up early and reserve your chair, or move in the shade when people get up. There are mild waves, and the water is a blue green color. The seaweed that some wrote about is just absurd! There is a small amount of seaweed that look like small brown sticks. You barely know it's there. My husband and son played volleyball with people from around the world, and my daughter got her hair braided ($50.00 full head). We brought beach toys with us, and she was able to make sand castles. (We spoke to the kids about the topless women they would see on the beach. After the first 1/2 hour and a few chuckles, they seemed not to really notice.) We also enjoyed watching the daily dancing lessons on the beach, and the games that the Fun Club runs. (My husband won a bottle of rum in a Bocce Ball tournament)THE GROUNDS: They are spectacular! They have maintenance 24/7. There is always someone cutting down plants, sweeping, cleaning the pools, etc. The walkways to get hot! Wear shoes at all times during the day, or else you'll have to go on the grass. At night, the grounds are lit up so beautifully!THE POOLS: We enjoyed all of them. Again, there is shade under the huts, and volleyball nets in the pools. There is one close to the lobby, and one close to the beach. The one by the lobby has the swim up bar. We enjoyed the Tiki- Tiki's that we had read about on this site. FOOD: Alright! We didn't have high expectations. The buffets are fine. You can always find SOMETHING to eat! The kids loved the fruit. My husband loved the rice dishes, and I liked the roast chicken, turkey and te pizza). It certainly wouldn't say that the food is the best, but it was pretty much what we expected. We ate at the Mexican (great Fajitas- they light them on fire for you), Steak (Great lamb chops), and Italian (great beef parm). SHOWS: From reading this site, we knew they were in Spanish. Knowing this going in, we weren't dissapointed. The best show was on Saturday which was Carnival. The other shows were a little hokey with a lot of audience participation. I thought they could have been better, but we were still satisfied.OVERALL: Our children thanked us over and over. They met people from around the world, got to practice their Spanish (what little they learned in school), ate and drank whenever they wanted and most of all appreciate all that we have here in the States. My husband and I relaxed, and feel that we chose a resort that exceeded our expections. We would highly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"I love you for me!" I just returned home from the Grand Flamenco yesterday and want to clarify a few points of interest. I went to Punta Cana from August 21-28 and had a great time! If you go there expecting to be treated like a princess then you better not go - the people who work there deserve your respect. Remember to say please and thank-you and you will have no problems. Manners go a long way no matter what language you speak. My friends and I arrived late at night and were very tired from our long day at the airport and the plane ride. The front desk staff realized this and did everything they could to book us into our room as quickly and smoothly as possible. The bellboys will take you to your room WITH your luggage if you ask. This eliminates the worry that you will have to wait for your luggage for hours. Our rooms were beautiful and the air conditioning was a dream come true! One night it rained and our ceiling leaked onto my bed but a quick call to the front desk and the problem was solved within 15 minutes.The food is what you would expect from a typical buffett - not gormet but good nonetheless. My friends fell in love with the chocolate and couldn't get enough! Only one us got a tummy ache that needed some time to mend but otherwise, Immodium will solve any issues you may have.The staff was wonderful and very patient with our sloppy Spanish - they tried to teach us a few phrases and we did the same for them! Mangu, the resort club was a tonne of fun but doesn't get going until the wee hours of the morning - we saw the sun rise a few times during our stay! Be careful of the men, ladies! My friend discovered one of their favourite sayings was I love you for me which they repeated over and over while bear hugging her. Also, it would be a lot fun to learn the merenge or bachata before you left for your trip.We took a day trip to Saona Island for $85 US. You could relax without feeling bored and could keep busy without feeling rushed. It was so nice to get off of the resort for a bit and see some of the country...it opened my eyes to see the way people live in the REAL Dominican Republic, not the life you see on the resort. Makes you appreciate the home you know you will be returning to.All in all, it was money well spent. Don't be cheap - the staff works very hard and gets paid very little in return. We left a few dollars a day on our pillows for the maid and would find fresh flowers in our washroom and kissing swans made out of towels when we returned. Very nice lady! Good luck, have fun, and relax on the beautiful beach!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dmtcgds
<Content>nice hotel,bad management just arrived home from one week at the grand flameco on friday august 27. overall the vacation was beautiful. as prior feedback said the hotel is beautiful grounds well kept .beaches real clean and glorious.servers are absolutely wonderful. metz the bartender was wonderful. as were all that took care of us. the animation crew is also a big part of the enjoyment. we traveled with our three children12,10,and 5. they are wonderful people. elvis and his team really rock the house. my hat goes off to them. entertainment at night was from 7-12pm and it was grand.activities are going on all day.as for the management at the hotel i wouldnt stay there again for that reason. two nights into the trip our kids room flooded in two inches of waterand went out to thehalls of others rooms and we were on them from 11pm. we waited till 4am and at 3am they wanted to move my 3 kids to a different building 15 we were in 26. they kept telling us they would bring us roll away beds to put our kids on for our room we grew tired of waiying(4am) my husband had to pull the mattress off the bed himself for the kids in our room. mind you there was two inches of water in the hallway to.we were told we would have connecting rooms they give you the deer in the headlights look on that one as you see them at each hallway of your rooms. we delt with that.the clincher was departing you meet with your tour director 2nd day there so he can tell you what time to be in lobby for bus pickup for your already prepaid trip back to the airport. we were told to be in hotel lobby at 930am for a 1135am flight back to states. airport is 20 minutes awaywe were in lobby at 8am plenty of time to check out and feed kids with out rushing at 930am saw tour director(dipietro tours) went up to see if he was signing us in and he had nothing to do with us. we were told to go to apple tours in building 15 where there was no represenitive, keep in mind we are being told to go all over the complex with 3kids and noone knew anything, front desk all of a sudden cant understand your english and no one can help needless to say julio(stay far away from him) he needs to loose his job with diepetro tours, took our transfers for our trip back to airportand we ended up getting a taxi which cost us 40$ us because we only had 20$s and 100$ and no one has change in that country. making it to the airport at 11am for 1135am flight.we had visions of not making our flight and my husband going to jail for freaking on them. another tid bit bring lots of small bills 1$s and 5$  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was alright... Overall the trip was really nice, I stayed for 7 days at the Occidental. The beaches are extremely beautiful and the hotel is very nice, very Carribean setting. I am 20 years old and I went with my whole family, which I would say is about 30 members. I would say that the trip was alot more fun for the adults then most people my age. Their aren't many young people around, it was mostly family orriented. At the hotel their is only one club which is called Mangu, it was fun the first two nights, but they just keep playing the same music over and over everynight, so you kind of get bored. The food is also almost the same thing over and over, but the quality is very bad. The first night I got there I ate their Paella (which is yellow rice mixed with seafood), and I got a really bad rash all over my body the whole week, I had a bunch of little red dots that looked like chicken pox. As I got more sun it was very hard to distinguish it. The drinks were never a problem, it's always open bar. The beach is very beautiful and also very clean. Although I spent more time in the pools b/c of the bar, I did enjoy spending time at the beach, the water and view is absolutely breathtaking. My room was nice and spacious. The only problem was my shower head, it had very low pressure, sometimes it was soo low that water wouldn't come out and it would be very cold. The room sometimes would get very hot during the day. I called the front desk and they explained to me that usually 3rd floor rooms had a problem, if you ask them to change you, they could do so.If your a young adult between the ages of 18 - 23 then I would recommend another hotel, like Barcelo hotels. If your staying in any of the all inclusive hotels, I would recommend you go to Captain Cooks Beach, they have a great seafood restaurant and cute little shops too, but I would not spend money in the beach shops, they are too expensive, I suggest you go out to the streets and in the town they are cheaper. The sales people are a little too pushy, just smile and be firm :)If you go on this trip just set up a big group and you'll have a great time.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back next year!!! My boyfriend and I (both 22 years old) visited The Grand Flamenco from August 1-8, 2004. We had a great time and can't wait to bring both our families next year.The ride from the airport to the hotel was a little scary though. Since the police rarely enforce traffic laws in the DR, drivers do whatever they want. Red lights and Stop signs do not exist over there! The ride was about 45 minutes.Check-in was a breeze and took 5 minutes at most. We were served Banana Mamas while we waited in line and everybody was really nice. They really try to be helpful and meet all your requests. We wanted a 2nd floor room in between the beach and the lobby and thats just what we got. The only thing I really wasn't too happy about was that we had 2 double beds pushed together--I really wanted a king bed, but I didn't let that bother me. We were never in our room that long anyway. As soon as we checked-in, we were escorted to our room in a cart with our luggage in the back. We were in building 16-207. I took an old library card to put in the slot to leave the electricity on the whole week. It was really refreshing after being outside in the heat for awhile.Our housekeeper was a guy about the same age as us and we left him $4-$5 a day (my boyfriend likes to tip-he's a waiter). He hooked us up with six packs of Presidente every day and left extra towels for us also. Since we speak spanish, it was easy for us to communicate with everyone. Most of the employees know some english, but I found that some people were having trouble with a language barrier. I suggest learning some basic spanish phrases before you go, that makes it a lot easier for everyone. The pools were really nice, a little dirty though-especially near the swim-up bar. People were throwing their empty cups in the water. They were doing construction on the main pool while we were there, but it was still open. We preferred the beach while we were there. The water was cleaner and warmer than the pool. Seaweed was not a big problem- there wasn't that much and they are really small pieces. Not what we are used to, being from Philly. We are very close to the Jersey Shore- you can't even walk on that beach and God knows whats floating in that brown water.But anyway, the spots in the shade were usually being reserved, but we like the sun so that didn't bother us. Plenty of room for sunbathers. Absolutely beautiful!!!The food was actually pretty good. I am a really picky eater and I found something every night to eat. We didn't eat any breakfast because we were never awake in time, but we ate in all the restuarants for dinner, except the Oriental. La Fontana- not the quickest service- our first night, we waited 1 1/2 hours for a small pizza- the pizza at the buffet is better. we didn't go back here after the 1st night.Main Buffet- really good and clean- better than some of the restuarants! Different food every night.Las Resas Steakhouse- my boyfriend liked this one a lot- I didn't. We had the local fish- which was a whole fish with eyes and teeth- that didn't go over too well with me.Mexican- its was really quiet in here. food was good. I had the chicken fajitas and my boyfriend had the beef. Portions were pretty big.Italian- Now I have to say this place was really good! Living in south philly, we eat a lot of homemade italian cooking and this place was right up there with the best of them. Try the steak with cheese sauce. (I know it sounds weird, but is actually really good).Homerum- This is where we ate lunch every day. Pretty good, burgers tasted a little different. They serve the same thing every day ( Burgers, hotdogs, french fries, onion rings, nachos) so I got a little tired of eating there.Beach Buffet- I didn't like it here only because it looked as if the food was sitting there in the heat for a long time. Nothing looked appetizing to me. We skipped this one for the rest of the week too.The nightly entertainment was ok. It was mostly funny to watch them be so serious about their shows. The kids shows at 8:00pm were really cute- the best was mini miss grand flamenco. The audience participation shows were also very good. These start at around 8:30-9:00. They also have a band there every night, they were good, but we really don't like salsa that much- we prefer merengue and bachata, which they rarely played. After the band played for a while, the actual show started at 9:45pm and lasted a good hour. After the show, the band came back out and played again, but this time the employees came and got people out of the audience to dance on stage. Solo Tu- if you don't know what this is now, you will at the end of the week. The song is still stuck in my head. To be honest, the only reason I went to these shows every night was to see Ciao Ciao Mickey Mouse- he was hot!!!We went to Mangu- the night club- almost everynight. It didn't get crowded until 12:30-1:00am. It stays open until about 5:00am- this is the reason why we were never up for breakfast.It is 2 floors- upstairs is techno and club music and downstairs is merengue, bachata, salsa, rap, and top 40. Downstairs is where it is more crowded. A lot of employees and locals go here also. We had a really good time dancing all night.If you want to buy souveniors, go to the Plaza- 5 minute walk right outside the resort. But, be careful because they will rip you off- you have to bargain. One guy was trying to charge me $132US for 5 Tee Shirts that I could have got at Walmart for $3US. We finally got him down to $20US after he found out that we speak spanish. Just be nice to them and say no, gracias if your not interested. They are really poor and are just trying to provide for their families.All in all, we had a great time. We went to relax and thats just what we did. We were not careful with the food and did not watch what we ate or drank and neither of us got sick- although I do recommend at least taking Pepto or Immodium. Make sure you drink a lot of water, because ITS HOT!!!! I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone who likes to have fun- theres a lot of activities to keep adults and kids busy all day. We will be back June 2005.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MGarrett
<Content>Great beach We stayed at the Grand Flamenco from August 6-9. The rooms were okay, the furniture is a little outdated and the bathtub looked to be 50 years old. The food was okay, at least I didn't gain any weight on our trip. Besides that we had a great time. The beach and water were awesome!!! A great place to walk on the beach.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply superb This is one of the best resorts I have been. I really recommend the superb theme buffets,rather than the theme a la carte restaurants (they are not very good, despite vrey nice). Rooms are big and nice (but bath needs a renovation). Spectacular night shows and good animation team. Very beautiful palm beach and pools.The worst: check in. We needed 2 hours to finally get our luggage to the room. Rooms are clean and powerful air conditioned. I recommend to taste spanish Churros with sugar for breakfast (show cooking) and arroz con leche for sweet in the dinners. Delicious.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sratts
<Content>Best week I've spent My wife and I went to the Grand Flamenco from the 11 to the 17th and we had a fabulous time. The beach is great, the rooms were more than we expected, the service was dynamic. We had a great time, and are already planning when we can return. While there are a few things that could have been done better, we were on vacation and just had a ball.Felix at the pool bar was a good guy, and fun, we met tons of people with whom we have exchanged addresses and numbers, the food was ample and good (Sunday's feast was the best).The only problems we had were that the vendors who came on property tried to rip us off, and the timeshare people didn't go away until I told them that we traveled without credit cards, then they no longer wanted to talk with me.The staff was fun, the walk was long, the time was great. I have and will continue to recommend this place to everyone.If you go, just plan to go and have fun. Try to speak a little Spanish (there is even a Spanish lesson on the beach), and remember that some people are just going to be rude because they have no common sense. Relax and enjoy, we sure did.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beat our expectations My boyfriend and I visited the Grand Flamenco Aug 13-20th. After reading all the reviews, like most people, I was a little aprehensive about chosing this hotel. At one point I decided that if we didn't die from the food, drown in our bed, or were carried off by the Loc Ness seaweed monster, we did ok. Luckily, we truly enjoyed ourselves. First off, checking in was a breeze because no one else from our flight was staying in the hotel and there wasn't any other groups checking in. We checked in around noon and we were told that we would be in building 13 2nd floor but the room wouldn't be ready till 3pm. We booked through Apple so we decided to go see our rep while we waited. The Apple rep happened to be located on the 2nd floor of our building so we decided to see where our room was. Luckily the maid had just gotten done cleaning it so I decided to go back up front and ask if we could get in. When I mentioned to the front desk person that we saw that the room was ready she looked it up and handed us the keys with a smile. It was only 1pm, not bad I think, I guess it pays to ask. The bell boys did forget to bring us our luggage so after an hour of waiting we went back down and brought it up ourselves. After that we also dragged it up front upon check-out, no sense taking any chance losing it. Honestly, I think it was because there wasn't a group of us. The grounds were well kept and our room was nice and big. We tipped the maid and left gifts, she was very good to us and fufilled our every request. We cleaned our own shower head because it was corroded from the hard water, no big deal, we just took it upon ourselves. We never had a problem with water pressure but hot water was scarce between 6-7pm 3 nights of our trip. The drinks were good, sometimes you just need to let them know exactly what you want. I work in the service industry so I tip for most things and we never had a problem with service. Tavarez at the lobby bar was great, he made the best drinks for us and remembered what we liked and our names. The pool was great, we brought tubes and floated all day long. There was plenty of room for everyone and there was always chairs for us to use. The beach was beautiful, so what, there is a little sea grass, it is an ocean you know. The sand was almost pink and the staff was always cleaning the beach. Chairs in the shade were hard to come by but we like the sun so we always had a choice of where to sit. Food-honestly, we enjoyed it. If you can't find something you like here, you won't find it anywhere. The steak house was good, the Mexican was good, the Italian left something to be desired but I also am accustomed to some of the best Italian around. Service in the a la carts was very slow. The buffet was good, always something different to choose from. Neither one of us were ill but we didn't drink coconut base drinks all day, bake in the sun, eat ourselves into oblivion, or leave our common sense at home.  Over all, the staff was friendly and attentive, the hotel was clean and attractive, and the food was good. We would recommend this place to anyone who wants a laid back, sit around, super relaxing vacation based on our experience. We had no problems and throughly enjoyed ourselves, we would go again in a second. Happy travels  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't believe the (bad) hype! hi -me and my wife spent 5 nights at the grand flamenco for our honeymoon. overall, it was perfect for our purposes, relaxation by pool or at beach, with good food  a nice room. i read many reviews and some were pretty negative, but this was far from my experience. granted, i'd never been to a caribbean resort before, so i have nothing by which to compare this one. i tend to think people who write bad reviews either had an unusual experience, are spoiled, or are generally ignorant about travel in general, especially a third world country. regarding the language issue, if you're someone who expects english to be spoken, go somewhere else. yes, it's easy to get by speaking only english, but it's a nice thing to at least say 'hola' and 'buenos dias'. from my point of view, that was one of the strengths of the resort, that there was such variety of guests, french, german, italian, and all the spanish-speaking community. the resort does a nice job having directions/instructions/signs in different languages.we didn't like our first room. it smelled moldy and the bathroom wasn't exceptionally clean, plus my wife was uneasy about being on first floor (place felt very safe and secure to me). we asked at the front desk and moved to a nicer room the next day. it was on the third floor and had nice high ceiling. water pressure good in both rooms. from reviews, i tried to tip the people at the front counter and two different people refused to take my money. i thought all the front counter people were very helpful, as well as most all the staff. i did make an effort to tip whenever possible especially the maid, the drivers, and at the a la carte restaurants.Tips I Found Useful:* leave room card in electricity slot, so room stays cool.* get restaurant reservations first night for your whole stay. we liked mexican and italian a lot. grill was okay as well.* Get a verizon card from the convenience store there to make calls.*DON'T FORGET SUNTAN LOTION! holy cow, i paid $26 bucks at their store. in general, get off the resort to buy stuff.* get drunk before going to disco (drinks similar to pricing here in states). disco really doesn't get going until 1! (makes for late night)  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place to stay I went to this hotel only for one week (2 aug - 9 aug). After reading all the reviews I really got scared, not knowing what to expect.But I can tell everybody that everything was almost excellent. I think the only place where everything is excellent is at your own home. Here is than my advice to all those people with their negative critics : please stay at home so the real travellers can enjoy their holiday.I can say that my husband and I are travellers. We already have been to Malta, Greece, Spain, Germany, France, United Kingdom, Canary Islands, Kenia, Australia. So, please, read my review as it is from somewhone who knows what they take about.Staff : the staff at the reception was very friendly and helpfull. Okay, their english is not the best. But there are also a lot of tourists who don't speak another language. After all, you are in another country, and it's also an underdeveloped country. As for the people of the customer desk in the hotel, I would here thank them again because they really helped us a lot by looking for an excellent trip to Isla Saona / Altos de Chavon. No question was to much for them. They made a lot of phone calls and found the excellent excursion for us. Everything with a smile. If you are friendly and polite you can get almost everything done from everybody. And it doesn't cost you a cent !!!!Room : our room was really big and spacious. Our room was on the groudfloor from block 22. It was near one of the pools. When reading the reviews I thought we were really far from the beach as our room was pretty close to the restaurant. But was I mistaken!! It was not even a 5 minute walk from the beach or the restaurant. So people, a very little walk can't be a problem. We are also a little bit environmental-minded so we used our towels 2 days. The room was always clean and the mini-bar was always filled. A copple of times we left 1 dollar for the maid and that is really appreciated as they don't earn much.Beach : need I say more?? Even all the negative critics are positive about the beach. It is really beautiful. The only thing that bothered me a bit, was the noise and the smell of the boats with bananas, paraglides, ..... If you want a place in the shade ..... be there at least at 7 am. The places in the sun are also ok because there is always a lot of wind.Pool : the pools are really nice with quite warm water. It's also really shallow but you can swim in it. I think the pools are very child-friendly. If you want to have a place in the shade, you don't have to be there at 7 am. But don't wait to long, I think you need to be at the pool around 9 am (at least) to have a place in the shade.Restaurant : 1. buffet : there was really a lot of choice in food. Meat, fish, cold vegetables, hot vegetables, fruit, desert,........ Too much to name it. If you don't find your taste here, you won't find it somewhere else. When I'm on vacation in a tropical country I don't eat (much) meat or fish. I also don't eat raw vegetables. I'm really afraid of being sick. But my husband ate meat and fish and there wasn't a problem. I talked to a Dutch copple and they also ate raw vegetables and there wasn't a problem. I think that dependable from person to person. The breakfast was really huge. There was so much choice. Yes, a lot more than only eggs as mentionned in one of the reviews. For exemple : about 8 kinds of cereals, all kind of eggs, churros, fruit, pastries, all kinds of bread, all kinds of fruit juices, ..... You see, really too much to enumerate here.2. Via Veneto : we had dinner in this Italian restaurant on saturday evening at 19u30. This was really really great !!!! It was a beautiful restaurant with nice colors and not too much people. I can really recommand this to everybody.Hotel in general : I think it's really a nice and beautiful place to spend your holiday. But for me it was a bit too big. But yeah, you know that when you make the reservation that the hotel has 877 rooms. That's the only critic that I have one the hotel.Trips outside the hotel : 1. Plaza Bavaro : shopping center outside the hotel, it's only a 5 minute walk. You can find there a lot of souvenir shops with rum, cigars, jewelry, cigarettes, coffee, paintings, ..... The people from the shops are really keen to show you their shops. If you are polite and take a look at their offers, then they are really happy. We went into almost every shop and didn't buy a thing. By walking out the shop we thanked the people and we had no problem. They were really nice and happy that we took a look at their goods. As I told before, you always get a friendly face back when you are friendly and polite.2. Isla Saona / Altos de Chavon : this was really a great excursion. Our touroperator didn't offer this combination. So we went to the desk in the hotel and they were very helpfull and friendly. They looked for someone who offered what we wanted and also made a lot of calls to help us out. Finally we booked the tour with Tony from Connexion Tours. He was really good and spoke very well English. He offered us what we were looking for. The guide we had, was Rueben. He is really one of the best!!!! He told us that his english wasn't very well but I think he spoke it very good. If anybody has any questions about anything, please feel free and send me a email and I will answer it as quickly as possible. !!!! I've been there, I've seen it and I don't tell you that all these problems aren't true but I can reassure you that our stay was one of the best and that we had no problems. If you travel you know that you have to adapt yourself to the country and its habits which you are travelling to. If you can't do that, please stay at home. That way you won't let people worry for nothing.Any questions, always welcome !!!Gracias.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible service; nice beach My general recommendation: go somewhere else. Punta Cana is cheap, and for the money you would spend at the Grand Flamenco, you can probably find a better vacation at another resort.Our experience with this resort was mixed, at best -- the grounds, buildings, and beach are quite lovely and well layed-out, but the service was just plain horrible (when I say service, I don't mean 5 star service, I mean just the basics that you'd expect from any cheap motel). They seemed to be short on staff for the number of guests at the resort, and the facilities (especially the buffet) weren't large enough to accomodate everyone. Because of the crowding, there were lines for many things at the Grand Flamenco -- the buffet, the restaurants, the bathroom, shade at the beach, snorkeling gear, catamarans, and drinks. The hotel rooms have some maintenance issues that speak of heavy, constant use (the resort isn't that old) -- we had problems with the toilet, shower, air conditioner, and electrical wiring in the room (sometimes lights or the TV would work, sometimes they wouldn't).When we first arrived we found that there weren't enough beds for everyone in our party (we booked 2 rooms, one with 2 double beds, but instead received 2 rooms with a king bed, which seems like a huge oversight, considering that there was clearly three people booked in the room when the reservation was made). We immediately requested another bed, or even a fold-up cot would have been fine, but never received anything that night -- even after calling repeatedly, and walking down to the lobby to make sure they understood the problem. My brother ended up sleeping on the floor the first night of our vacation.A bed was supplied the next day, but no compensation was offered, and they didn't seem to understand why we were upset. The front desk staff were less than helpful, to say the least. I'm really not a complainer, I swear, but I figure that one of the basic requirements of a hotel is to provide a bed, and the staff didn't seem in any rush to supply one.I thought the food was ok, nothing to write home about, but not horrible, either. Typical buffet fare. I wasn't impressed with the restaurants -- the food seemed to be the same as what was served in the buffet, but with slower service (actually, the Mexican restaurant was pretty fun, now that I think about it). Two people in my group became quite ill from the resort's food, however, so I would be careful about what you eat and drink. Bring Pepto Bismo, a lot of it.The best part of this resort is the beach, though it is very difficult to procure a shady spot (again, the over-crowding made it near to impossible to find shade unless you reserved a spot before 7 AM). On the first day we coudn't find ANY chair on the beach, in the shade or in the sun. The water was a bit murky when we first arrived, but grew clearer later in the week (I think the waves from stormy weather had churned it up). There was a bit of seaweed, but hey, it's mother nature, not a pool. I was pleasantly surpised to find a very nice little snorkeling spot with some coral right within the resort's swimming area (it's on the far left of the beach, as you look out to sea). The resort is quite large, so plan on walking quite a bit between your room, the beach, and the buffet/restaurants. I enjoyed the walk, since I needed to burn all those extra calories, but folks with disabilities or those who have trouble with the heat might not enjoy it.I don't really understand why this resort was so crowded -- I guess everyone got a good deal, like we did, or maybe we were just unlucky. The other resorts along the beach didn't seem nearly as crowded. For the most part, I enjoyed the company of my fellow guests. It was a nice mix of nationalities and age groups. All the children were very well behaved, and looked to be enjoying themselves.Punta Cana is not the place to go if you are looking for a lot of off-resort activities. Also, I noticed a very machismo attitude with the male staff at the Grand Flamenco that was inappropriate (making men wait in line while they flirted with young women in string bikinis, etc). I don't know if this attitude is commonplace for the D.R., or if the management were simply lax at the Grand Flamenco.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I give it a 4 out of 10.... Vacationed from Aug 7-11. After reading the many bad reviews we were quite scared and thought we were prepared. We are outgoing people and thought that we could get over a few set backs if we were prepared for them. But after our trip we decided we would never come back to this resort. My husband's stomach is still healing from the food (we think it was the pork). Don't get me wrong Punta Cana was beautiful and the locals are usualy quite nice, I just recommend another resort. After arrival we expected the bags to arrive late, but never expected the hotel to lose it. It took 4 hours to get the bell boys to look for it, they found it promptly in another bldg. Our room # upside down instead of 12-211 it was at 11-221, just sitting outside the door. Stay with your bags and insist they drive you and your bags to the room together. The beds were two twins pushed together, but otherwise the room was fine. The next day we went to the beach...beautiful, but like people say the shady cabanas were all taken by 8am. Then there were no large towels in our room for several hours so we couldn't take a shower for a while. Always hot water when we needed it though. Oh, some reviewers said to bring stuff for the maid, like make-up and bath stuff, well that did us no good since our maid was male. He was great and happy with a $1 tip daily. Bartenders remember you when you tip them, Conis and Antonio were the best bartenders, one at the swim up-bar and the other at the entertainent stage. Try the Tiki Tiki and Mama Juana! Speaking about the entertainment I think it's stupid for people to expect the shows to be in English as we are in a foreign country. You cannot expect the world to know English just because you do. Try to learn a few Spanish words as the staff love when you try. They introduced the show in 4 languages, so no English is not the dominate language as there are so many people from around the world there. Also, I think it's ignorant for people to review siting that the French are this and the Americans are that. You cannot judge how Americans are by the few people you happened to encounter. I loved meeting people from other countries...and this place afforded that opportunity. The front desk and guest services were most aweful to communicate to, rude and unhelpful! It rained every night just before dinner and it took two days of them telling us an umbrella is being sent to our room for them to finally tell us there were no more. Our room did leak in three places when it rained, one onto my bed, despite us being on the middle floor. The beach was nice, crystal blue water and fine sand. A hotel photographer took some fabulous pictures of my huband and me. Best souvenier we have of the trip. They cost $6 a piece, but they are large guality photos. Speaking about the beach, the guys at the watersports hut were very rude. They laughed AT us when we requested a windsurf because the current is too strong, instead of just telling us we can't go out. They were just cocky and acted that they can choose who gets to rent instead of who signs up first. Catamaran, windsurf, kayak, snorkle were all free. We enjoyed the catamaran the most (you need a 9am lesson before they let you rent it). Club Mangu was good to check out, the upstairs was dance/trance music with a nice atmosphere...got crowded after 1am. Drinks were cheap, but not included. Shopping: be sure to check out the hotel giftshop prices before you venture out of the hotel. The prices were actually cheaper in the hotel then the deal we got from the pushy shop owners in the shops up the road. The rum was $7 at the hotel and we ended up paying $9. We decided not to deal with the agressive barginers again and stuck with the hotel gift shop where the price is set. I am sure there are many people that can have fun here. They are the ones that got my umbrella, the dinner reservations at the ala carte restaurants, the king bed, the leak proof room, the shady cabanas, and the fresh clean towels. I think there were just too many people for them to accomadate all and we just kept getting the shaft. Good luck!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Resort is not that great..... We travelled to the Occ Gran Flamenco on July 31st for one week. Right off the bat, we realized that this hotel has a lot of problems to sort out. We requested an ocean front room with a king size bed as it was our wedding anniversary. We received 2 single beds (broken beds might I add).Also, you have to pay for your safe key. It took 3 days before we can get one. The buffet is always packed. I felt that this resort is too big and not staffed properly.Breakfast was a nighmare....Ususally just eggs and last night's left overs!!!The food was good as well lots of variety in terms of restuarants. Really enjoyed the steak house.The pool was always dirty and there was work going on which made it impossible to enjoy.Booked the trip to Saona Island. This was a total riop off. You basically sit on a boat then go to an island and have a picnic. All for a total of 80US!!!Anyway, avoid this hotel at all costs. Unless you can get a great deal, I would not pay off $ 800.00 for this resort!!! Next time try the Bavaro Princess next door.Lastly, Punta Cana does not have much going on. Great if you want to veg out and relax.The good point was we met some great people...hi to Mike, Alisha, Chris and Jamie!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CabinMiami
<Content>Grand Flamenco We just came back on August 8 from The Grand Flamenco, the Hotel is nice and clean and the staff is great. The food and the repesentatives at the guess services counter were terrible. We have been to many All-Inclusive hotels in Punta Cana and other countries and honestly I have never seen such a bad food and poor quality also is one of the only All-Inclusive resorts that does not offer lobster not even one day per week.In general the food was terrible.the staff was great with the exception of guess services they were not helpfull at all.We also had family members there that booked their trip thru All-Star Vacations in Miami. Do not use those people they are terrible an the family member that booked thru them encounter a lot more problems.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The hotel is beautiful but...... The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are spacious and clean. The food was awful, the same taste no matter which restuarant you go to. The entertainment provided was terrible. Need to have more talent. 90% OF THE SONGS WERE SPANISH -HEY ENGLISH SPEATING PEOPLE WERE THE MAJORITY THERE!.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Got Back On The 5 The resort was good and the food wasn't great but it wasn't bad either. I only had one major problem with the resort and that is the guys who work for occidental's vip club. They are very pushy and will constantly harass you to take time out and talk to a salesman even if you tell them you are no interested. If you want to go snorkeling I suggest the speed boat excursion with aquatic tours it's great and the guides are worth the money.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kubus
<Content>Paradise I enjoyed every single day at this resort: Nice rooms (no luxory but very OK), awesome pools and gardens, perfect beach and good/very good restaurants, disco outside the area -6am. All sports (except bananaboat/parasailing) included.Only criticism: drinks are not perfect, not enough chairs in the shade (reservation bevore 7 am), safe is $15 a week, drinks in disco are not included.Everything else was perfect ! Since it was one of the cheapest offers in Punta Cana, there's absolutely no need to pay more, except you want peacocks and flamingos walking around, which I saw in more expensive hotels.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Flamenco is so-so Overall, we had a good vacation in Punta Cana; however, there were a few gripes about the Grand Flamenco. There was constant painting going on on the sidewalks, which gave off a strong smell. The front desk people were not very helpful and it was difficult to get good service in the restaurants and bars (with the exception of the bartender at the Home Rum, he was great!). If you go here, be prepared to adjust to a more European atmosphere. There are many topless European women and the non-english speaking tourists were generally not very friendly. The scuba diving is not very good. The surf is large and the currents are pretty strong, which causes a lot of sand to be in the water which results in poor visibility. The biggest positives were the nice beaches and the beautiful countryside. A last word of advice; be careful what you eat, most of the Americans I met got sick at least once on their trip.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great trip Just returned home on Monday July 26th. We had agreat time. The service was good and the food just ok. The pool bar was a lot of fun. We met many people and would definetly love to go back to this resort. The people that worked there were very friendly.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value for the $ - General Overview I just got back from the Grand Flemenco and if you are able to get a good price for this resort then you will not be disappointed!The Resort - Beautifully kept with groundskeepers constantly working on its upkeep. The pools are well spreadout around the resort and as a result it feels like a resort and not a hotel (with their typical box-like pools in the middle of the buildings). Our room had strong water pressure, AC that kept the room cool and a colour TV with cable which was nice for killing 1/2 hours here and there. The balcony was big and we could sit 4 people comfortably out there.The Staff - The wait staff and bartenders are very friendly. Although if you are a guy it can be difficult to get a drink at the bar so tip them (a couple of US $) and you're set for the week. Our housekeeper was very nice although sometimes our room would not get cleaned until 4 or 5 in the afternoon. The front desk staff were not as friendly as you would expect. We arrived at night and our check-in guy forgot to tell us how to turn on the electrivity in our room (there is a key) or how to find our room.The Guests - Mostly Europeans (Germans and English) with some Canadians and few Americans. A lot of families and couples.The Beach - Mirky water and some seaweed which was disappointing. Next to impossible to get a beach lounger in the shade unless you get up at sunset. Towels were readily available. Go for a walk, it gives you a chance to see the other resorts.The Nightly Entertainment - A bit hoaky but the performers were enthusiastic at least.The Food - The Italian and Mexican restaurants were great but the Steak House was just OK. Make your reservation early in the week. The buffet food was touch and go but the fruit was always good and you won't go hungry. The Sports Bar is a good spot for an afternoon snack and the Beach Restaurant is good for a light lunch. If you're sceptical, stick to what you know.Shopping - If you're use to the Island sales pitches (cheapy, cheapy) then you'll be fine. If you don't like bargaining then stick to the Resort Gift Shop.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average Punta Cana resort, great beach Spent a week at the resort in June with my wife and daughter, this was my 3rd time in Punta Cana, was before at Riu Bambu and Melia Caribe, liked both better than this one. Positives of Grant Flamenco: good size: not too big and not too small; landscape almost perfect, very well kept; if you like shopping for souvenirs there is a shopping plaza in a walking distance from hotel, but be aware that sellers are extremely annoying and it is hard to get out from their store until you buy stuff from them. Night shows were good, but got a little tired of same performers all week long. Nice 1-hour snorkeling place for $20. Beach is gorgeous and overweights all negatives. Negatives: poor service in restaurants, front desk, and some days in the room. Food o-key, you will not go hungry, but do not expect a gourmet delights there, almost the same daily menu. Most of a-la-corte restaurants were much worse than we expected except very clean and nice interior and food presentation (not taste). Outdated room furnishing. Still, if you are money cautious and find a really good deal for this resort you will not regret to visit.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort My boyfriend and I stayed from July 10-17. The resort is very clean, well kept and the service was overall excellent. The buffet food is okay but we prefered the a la carte restaurants (although it took a lot longer to get our food). The buffet has lots of selection and there is always something for everyone. We liked the Grill, Italian, Pizza, Home Rum but we did not like the mexican. If you are planning on leaving the resort to nearby markets be prepared for very over agressive, pushy sales people. If you do go to the markets you can bargain to at least half of the asking price. The beach is beautiful with the exception of some seaweed in the water. Take advantage of the free water sports included in the package. We did the snorkeling for $20US a person. It wasnt great. We did see fish but they all looked exactly the same. If you still do go bring bread and bananas for the fish. **TIPS**Bring Pepto and use it before every meal. Lock up valuables in suitcase instead of safe.Make all your dinner reservations on the first day.Top floor rooms have HIGH ceilings. Tipping the front desk before you get your room ($10) will get you a better room.Overall the hotel is very beautiful, very clean, and the food is mostly above average. If you are looking to relax on the beach this is a good spot. If you are looking for more to do I would suggest looking else where.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TallTraveler055
<Content>Good time, can't beat the price!!! We just got back from the a 3 night/4 day package down to the Grand Flamenco and had a great time! Since the several weeks before this trip were really crazy with work and other things, the main thing that we wanted to do was relax down in Punta Cana. We booked through Apple Vacations on a last minute special they were running. The flight down, transfers and check-in were all very smooth.Overall, the beach was great....well maintained, we got out there really early one day to get some chairs under the shade...they went pretty fast. Pool was great....wish it was a little deeper but no complains. Swim up bar was fun.Room....no complains at all....water pressure was fine, no problems with the smell of the room at all. (although a couple that we hung out with down there said their water pressure was bad)Food....only so-so....probably the only downside to the trip...we thought the buffets weren't that good, the italian restaruant was good, grill ok (i liked the chicken there).Overall....we really couldn't complain about anything for the price we paid to get down there....it was a great trip to get away from everything!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort Our family of six and two guests stayed at this great resort 8 days 7 nights June 30-July 7. We booked 3 rooms. 2 of the rooms were ready but we waited 6 hours for the 3rd room. Dealing with the front desk was challenging and at the beginning, I thought the vacation was going to be a disaster. It seems that the previous guests had lost the key and we were being put off while they tried to find one. The real negative thing about the front desk people is that they put you off and promise anything just to get you out of the way. On the bright side...the beach is absolutely the best we have ever seen. Not only is it expansive but there are lots of Palm trees for shade and plenty of lounges to set on. The food was great for an all inclusive. It was some of the best we've had and much better than the Palace resorts in Cancun. Being from Texas, we were familiar with many of the more exotic dishes, unlike our Canadian friends. The waitstaff in the restaurants and bars were very friendly. We were impressed how so many of the Dominician people asked us about our stay and if we planned to return. The vendors in the markets are aggressive but withdrew immediately upon hearing luego! The day trip to Santo Domingo was enjoyed by all and our beach loving 9 and 11 year old grandchildren loved the trip. If you are a coffee lover, stock up on the coffee. It is fantastic and you can buy a pound for $.50 to $1.00 US. We bought only 1 pound and wish we had bought a case. The cigars are questionable. There are many locals that roll cigars and sell them with popular bands. If you know your cigars, there are some good deals. Beware, because many are fakes. The DR is really a place to go and relax and not take much of anything seriously. If you are type A, you will go nuts.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Partial feelings I just returned from this resort a few days ago. i left on july8 and returned on the 15. the check in time for this hotel is 3:00 pm and i unfortunately arrived with my family at 11:00 am so we had to suffer through the heat for 4 hours before they gave us our room. I would suggest if you have an early flight to pack a bathing suit in your carry on bag so you can put it on when you get to the hotel since the heat is unbearable. the first day they gave us our room at 3:00 pm and the key that they gave us didn't fit. we notified them and they said that we would get a key that fit immediastely. how wrong were they! we didn't get one and at 5:00 pm we told the front desk again and they acted as though we were in the wrong and said they already gave us another room. they gave us a different room key and we told them that we couldnt get the stuff out of our room since it was locked and the key didnt work. the staff told US, the customers, to go find a maid and get her to transfer our belongings and open the old room so we could get our stuff. after we searched all 3 floors very upset on our first day for maid and didnt find one we called the front desk and told them to find someone for us because it wasnt our job. they sent someone to open the old room and get our stuff. earlier that day the guy that carried our suitcases got a tip from my family which he didnt like so he walked away and refused to carry anymore of the luggage. the rest of the week our towels got stollen and we had to wake up at 5 in the morning to get a cabana!!!! we think the food was reused for breakfast from the dinners the night before. but we had an enjoyable vacation despite all these interferences. the rooms were not very sound proof and we had trouble falling asleep at night but what can ya do. the bartenders were very sexist towards women and only served the men or the beautiful european ladies before anyone else. LINES DONT MATTER HERE! water pressure in the shower was not that great. front desk was not that helpful. because there was a 20 dollar us departure fee we had to get us money the night beofre we left but the lady wouldnt give us any. we demanded she give it to us and she finally did. overall it was a nice holiday bit keep in mind the following things. i would recommend another resort and i will not be returning to this resort. TRY MEXICO THE BAHIA PRINCIPE TULUM!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Awesome My Fiance and I vacationed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco from June 28-July 4, 2004, and I must tell you is was absolutely amazing...Not knowing what to expect, as we read several differing reviews as well as received negative feedback from family who vacationed at another other resort in the Dominican... we were somewhat concerned about various issues.... however from the minute we arrived we were in Paradise.I must admit my travel experience is very limited, however my fiance has done his fair share of travelling in is younger days... and admittedely stated that this is one of the best he has visited... including (Jamaica, St. Marten and Barbados).Although we arrived at night, from the minute we arrived we were very impressed. The check in went smoothly... due to the time of arrival (10:00 p.m.) we were advised to leave our luggage with the concierge (they would take it to our room) and go have a bite to eat prior to the buffet restaurant closing at 10:30.... following that we walked around the grounds (they were very beautiful at night) and to the beach which was very peaceful.....Our first morning we had a welcome meeting withour rep Guy from signature vacations, who was very pleasant, informative, and amusing. We took 2 of the excursions he recommended The Safari Outback and Aquatic Adventures (speedboating and snorkeling).... Although they were 2 of the most expensive excursions ($260 for 2 excursions for 2 people) they were very worthwhile..... The Safari Outback was very educational, an all day adventure, combining Historical and Geographical experiences along with a reality check of the true Dominican lifestyle.... a trip through the rain forest and Boogie Boarding at Macow Beach.... another spectacular beach.... it was simply an amazing day....our guide Omar was excellent... I brought some gifts for the village children who were most appreciative as they are so very underpriveledged... although they do not recommend candy and sweets, they are most welcoming of educational /creative items such as crayons, books, pencils, markers, playdoh, stickers, stamps, etcOur next adventure was taking a 45 min speedboat drive (2 people/boat) to a platform pontoon boat where we geared up and went snorkeling.... if you have never done this it is definitely worth it... it was amazing..... the waters were crystal clear, with several beautifully coloured tropical fish which we fed from our hands....our guide Willy was fantastic....taking great care of us.... he certainly earned his $5 tip.... one person who stayed on the boat saw a stingray in the waters.... very exhilerating....I strongly recommend taking a Hobie Cat lesson as we waited until the 2nd last day to do this only to realize that we had missed out on a ton of fun from the day one.... it was truly a bast.... Finally if you are a horse lover you must talk to Johnny at the beach and book horseback riding.... very reasonably priced it is nothing like back home.... if you are experienced you have free reign and can gallop until you heart is content along the beach on the trails etc... most definitely worth the money.... As far as the resort itself... it met and exceeded all of our expectations... the room was pleasant... no complaints... we were initially on the second floor and never had an issue with water or anything... then we switched to a ocean front room and were equally pleased... the food was excellent both at the buffets and the al a carte restaurants... tons of food to choose from... I experimented with every possible exotic dish and drinks... everything was delicious... while on the otherhand my fiance played it safe from experimentation as we were warned about the food in general in the Dominican and people getting diarreah from the differences in the food etc.... he got sick and remained that way for at least 5 days....(I really felt sorry for him) although he tried to not let it put a damper on things... he really couldn't venture too far from the bathroom for some time....Nontheless, we had a fantastic time.... The people were all very very friendly..... Angelo (the omlete guy) was alot of fun and a great cook also.... working hard in the swealtering heat to cook our breakfast to perfection.... Comiz the lobby bartender was a blast... making the best of drinks.... give them a $1 or $2 and they will bend over backwards for you.... Most amazing of all was the dedication and hard work of the workers... from everyone from the groundskeepers to the houskeepers to the servers and staff.... all working 12 hour days in the heat of the day and night striving to please those of us who take so very much for granted.... (I saw towels being folded at the beach at 4 am, guys sweeping the sand off the walkways day and night, they even rake the beach first thing each morning of any seaweed and such....) Please do not be stingy and give these guys a $1 or $2 every once in a while.... for they work day and night for our enjoyment... in fact the average Dominican person earns a wage of approximatley $230 US per month... not a whole lot to raise a family with.... lets keep this in mind when we are contemplating spending that extra $ on needless things or when we are trying to 'bargain' the vendors down to a 'ridiculous' price... yes bargaining is a part of their culture, and yes one must bargain for a good deal, however remember that it is a means of life and living for them.... Language is as much of a barrier as you allow it to be.... true Spanish is the language of the island and the resort, however it would do us all some good to pick up a Spanish pocket dictionary , as I did, and give it an overview on the plane ride... after all it never hurt anyone to broaden one's linguistic abilities... although you may not speak well, it is the effort that means so very much to them....One caution to families, or those who may be offended... because it is a public beach, as all are in the Bavaro area.... it is open to topless sunbathing.... I admit I was taken aback by such as I believe this activity should be discretionary and done so at a private beach, thus not in our face for those of us who do not appreciate such activities.... I would have to admit it is in my opinion the only downfall of the resort....All in all it was an amazing vacation.... the weather was fantastic... sunshine every day... it rained one evening but very late.... never under 30 degrees... during the day.... in fact when we arrived at 10:00 p.m. it was a balmy tropical 26 degrees... I loved it !!!! So anyone contemplating this location due to various differing reviews, I would most definitely recommend The Grand Flamenco, Punta Cana....in fact I will be returning in a year or two with my 4 children....  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Know before you GO to Punta Cana My husband and I stayed at the GF July 3 - 10th. I read all the reviews from tripadvisor.com that were posted for the past 2 months on this resort. It's hit or miss as to what you get. When we checked in and went to our room, it smelled very musty. Once we figured out how to get the power on (nobody tells you this when you check in. . . but you have to put the card at the end of your keys into a white box in the wall to make the electricity come on) we discovered a huge puddle of water on the bathroom floor. I called the front desk and said that we were not satisfied and wanted another room, which we got. The 2nd room was fine. The outside of our tub was in poor shape - very rusty on the bottom outside portion. FOr a resort that was built in 1999, you'd guess it was more like the '60's looking at the fixtures in the bathroom. Many people who were on floors 2 or 3 complained of poor water pressure - meaning just a trickle appeared, not even enough to get wet, or no hot water. We were on the 1st floor and didn't have this problem. We did check our sliding glass door though to make sure it locked, as advised from other reviews.The food - well, it's different. The breakfast buffet is always the same and you can find something to eat. I'm not sure why, but there were often left-overs from the previous nights' buffet, including the meats and vegtables (usually potatoes of some sort) on the breakfast buffet. Service in the buffet area was very poor.The other restraunts were very good, with the American one being our LEAST favorite. The other 3 were wonderful, and we took the advice to book our dinner reservations the first day we got there. We didn't have any trouble getting the times/restraunts that we wanted.This trip was very different from any of our other carribean experiences. There really wasn't a Carribbean feel with the music or food. It is more Spanish based music, and of course, the language as well. We now know what it feels like to be a miniority. Americans were few and far between, and as we discovered on the bus ride back to the airport, people who stayed in the other resorts felt the same way.The swim up bar was awesome as well as the pool itself. Martin and Felix will hook you up with drinks - they love what they do and make it fun to be around the pool bar. The beach was beautiful, nice soft sand, but I was disappointed that there was quite a bit of seaweed and the water was constantly stirred, so you could never see your feet. We visited another beach further to the north on an excursion we went on, and there wasn't any seaweed and the water was crystal clear. We've been to numerous beaches in the Carribean and never experienced that before.As for excursions, we went on the Bavaro jeep safari and it was awesome (booked through the Vacations Express rep at the resort). It's well worth the money for a full-day of activities. We also went on the speedboat/snorkeling excursion and I wouldn't necessarily recommend it. It was ok, but nothing to brag about.Shopping was interesting . . . I knew what to expect (from reading the reviews) and we spent about 20 minutes getting our t-shirts and post cards. This was the least amount of $$ we've ever spent shopping on our vacations - less than $100 in items that we brought back. It was really quite annoying and the 2 shops we went into, were ones where there WASNT somebody yelling and asking us to come look, cheap, cheap.All and all, for what we paid through Vacations Express, and what we got, we can't complain about the price. We may go back to Punta Cana someday, but will probably stay at a diff't resort. I believe a lot of the issues comes down to the management of the property and that can change over time. The lobby was nice and grounds were kept up nicely as well. Pools were awesome and the beaches were very clean. It is true though, if you want to be in the shade, get up early to reserve your space. The towel place opens at 8am and I was down there each morning at 8am to get new towels, and I never saw an empty set of chairs there were under the huts at that time. If you want to lay out in the sun, then there isn't a need to reserve your chairs.Hope this info. helps - just read all the reviews and know what to expect on your vacation to Punta Cana and your stay at the Grand Flamenco.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four Weeks Later and We're Still Dreaming We Back There! My husband and I spent our 3 week honeymoon at the Occidental Grand Flamco from 24 May - 14 June and 4 weeks later I am still dreaming of being there!!!!The hotel itself was amazing with constant work being done painting the pathways, trimming the trees etc - hard to believe the hotel is 6 years old.The hotel staff were absolutely amazing - all so friendly and helpful. Our favourites were Fabio and Armondo who work in the bar by the pizza place - they were a nights entertainment themselves - no need to watch the shows when they were about, and also Julio and Domingo who work in the main buffet restaurant and couldn't have been more attentive.The speciality restaurants were great - in particular the mexican and the grill and we had no problems booking at all - we ate in all of the restaurants at least twice.We were upgraded to the platinum package when we arrived due to being on our honeymoon and the little extra's, combined with the fantastic hotel and staff anyway, just made it seem like we were in heaven.Every night when we returned to our room someone had been in and turned the sheets down nicely for us to get into bed and left chocolates on the pillow.In summary, the weather was excellent, the beach was perfect, the food was great and the staff were fantastic, even though some only knew very limited english. We will be learning Spanish now before our return and can't wait to go back for our first anniversary.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WHEN A SAFE ISN'T SAFE We visited the GFPC from July2-9, 2004 with Apple Vacations I'm writing this to warn you about the safety of the rooms. The doors have a key entrance. They are as secure as a bedroom knob. When you get your key it is put on a key chain that has you room # on it. If you lose this, someone will know which room the key goes to. Take the key off the Chain card. There is not a dead bolt on the doors. There is not a peep hole on the door. There is not even a chain for a little protection or privacy. Most of the sliding glass doors in the rooms have broken locks. If you are on the first floor this could be a big problem.When you check in you will be given a key lock for the safe for about $2.00 a day. Please do not make the mistake of thinking that your money will be safe there. We put all our valuables in the safe on the day we arrived and did not go in it until 5 days later. We were missing 200 dollars. One hundred from my wallet and 100 from my husbands. Someone took all my twenties and a mixture of bills from from my husband. Everything else was intact including our passports, tickets home, ID's and cell phone. If my husband hadn't counted his money, we probably wouldn't have noticed the money missing until we got home. I think this is the MO, since in talking to another quest, he informed me that he was missing 60 dollars from his money, but thought that maybe he had miscounted. The safe lock was not broken or the safe was not open when we returned to the room. We had no signs that something was wrong. I can assure you that we never left the room with the safe open.We immediately went to the apple rep, who called security. We met 2 gentleman in our rooms who asked questions and told us that it was impossible to break into the safe. We were liars. We went to the front desk and took our safe key back to tell them that our safe was not secure. They told us that it was impossible and that it had never happened before EVER and that they would not take the fee for the safe from our bill. At that time our Apple Rep came by and asked us if we would like to talk to the manager. We did and were told that she could not do anything but offer us dinner in the Oriental Restaurant, which by the way was included in the price we payed. She also offered to move us to another room for the night. We declined both offers because it wasn't the room but the safe and since they were all the same safes...... Since no one cared or thought we were trying to pull one over on them,we had to carry all valuables around with us for the rest of our stay. We could not even go in the water together for fear that someone would take our bag. We were told that they were investigating and would get back to us. I guess they are still investigating now that we are home because no matter who we asked we were told the same thing. I'm writing this as a warning to other customers who think that their valuables are safe in the safe. Please count your money everyday. Never let a maintance man come in your room while you are not in the room. Try to book places that have card entries in the door, dead bolts, and number coded entrance into the safe. Do not put all your money in the safe. Stash some away so that you will not be penniless if the worst happens. Know that no one in the hotel will believe that you have really been robbed. I thought we were pretty savy travelers but you learn something new everytime you travel. This had never happened to us before. Please be careful.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bad experience A very bad experience:This is the worse trip to the Caribbean that I have ever made. I went with my family (Wife and 2 kids) expecting just the basics: a clean room and friendly people. Well, we didn't find it at the Grand Flamenco resort. We left on June 28-04. Our flight (Skyservice) was late and bad. A glass of wine costs $5.00 US and the sandwich they gave us was old and tasted terrible. After arrival on DR, the guagua (bus) took us to the resort (we got to the hotel at about 11:00 p.m.); and in the bus, the guide already asked us for a gratitude. At the hotel, we were sent to a room that stank; had only 2 single beds (when I had specifically asked and paid for 4 beds) and the bath tub was so rusted that we were afraid to use it for temor of contracting tetanus (Yes, it was that bad).I brought the matter to the attention of the front desk and, instead of giving as an appology, they sent us walking with our suitcases (not even on a mini cart) to the new room; wich happened to be located 2 blocks far from the reception and that was worse than the first one. We complained again, and this time, a Front Desk supervisor called Julio threw me a key and said in a very unfriendly way go on and check the new room like saying here is the key and don't bother me again. So, they sent us (walking with our suitcases, because help was never available) to a third room that was half acceptable but that only had 2 single bed. By the time they set the 2 extra beds it was 3:00 a.m. That is when we finaly went to sleep. The next day I looked for the Signature Tours rep, and ask for his help. His answer was very disapponting: Well Sir he said: You better get used to the fact that here, in DR, you have to ask three or four times before people decides to help you. Right after that answer I new what was going to come next: the worst holiday ever.I read in a comment on this page that the food, especialy the typical Dominican dishes, were great. That is a lie! The food was bad and they gave us the chiken or beef diner left overs, next day for breakfast. We had stomach problems all the time; and, the A la Card restaurants were of poor quality. Few of the servers were good: Leonardo at the bufett bar was nice, so were Lening and Angel; but most of the serving people seamed to be expecting a tip before they adventure to serve you. Gee, I though this resort was an all inclusive facility, I guess I was wrong. I cannot recommend this GRAND hotel to nobody. It is a waste of time and money. Now that I am back in Canada I am taking another week of vacation trying to recover from such a bad experience.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelguru4u
<Content>Fantastic place The resort was excellent. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The pools as well as the beach were beautiful. The food was fine-there is plenty to choose from. Tips-No need to leave the resort Taxi to/from the airport is $22.00 Bring single $ to tip the crew Don't drink the water Many women go topless both pool/beach  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the best We have Just returned from the above hotel where we should have spent two weeks of bliss on our honeymoon !! Unfortunately I spent 9 days in bed through illness 3 of them being in hospital, this was due to a parasite which can be found in the water or food, I have read that one other person from the same hotel had the same symptons but did not go to hospital and a 2nd person who was not in the same hotel but did go to hospital with the same symptons . I was told by the doctor at the hospital that there is an epidemic of parasites in Dominicanand at least 4 people are admitted everyday ! The hotel itself was nice ,clean and friendly people but the food in the hotel buffet seemed to be the cause of my illness ... although this cannot be provenas the doctor stated it is very hard to detect the parasite it can be found in the water on the beach or in the hotel or the food !! I was also told by our rep that he takes an anti parasite tablet every month !!! If you have had any prblems with an illness at the hotel in the last 4 - 6 weeks please email me VFL02@aol.comWe were on honeymoon form 16 June 04 - 30 June 04 !! Some honeymoon !!!!! NOT !!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, Great TIME My name is Benjamin, I visit Gran Flamenco Occidental In Punta Cana. I read a lot before I when to visit, I when with a group of 14 people. I will be very honest. I was very Impress with the hotel and service. What you see in the web page is what you get. The hotel was very very nice, extremly clean, you need to understand that is not a luxury hotel, but is really pretty. The service is more than great, pleople are very friendly and make you feel very good. Food is Ok and the bar beverage is good to. I will defetnitly will go back. also very good, next to the hotel there is a night club call MANGU, is free entrance for the guest and the drinks are very cheap, and the good thing is that you can party until 4am.Once again, take a good look at their web site, because everything look just alike.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>overall, very nice, but......... Just got back from 4 days. LOVED the beach. The sand is clean and beautiful, as is the water. Hotel staff is friendly, but speaks VERY LITTLE English. If you speak a little Spanish and a little French, this is helpful.ROOM: Were given twin beds even though our reservation was confirmed for a King. (Husband and I were celebrating our 13th wedding anniversary so we had to push the beds together and rotate them so we didn't fall through the middle.) When we called to get this corrected, they promised to bring a king bed to our room the next day. We waited and waited, nothing appeared so we called the desk and they offerred to move us to another room on the bottom floor next to the stairs, NOT! So we stuck with the twin beds.Also, TV did not work but could not get this handled either. The TV made an incredible buzzing noise but only 'we' could hear it.FOOD: Nobody warned us that you had to have dress clothes for the restaurants, so we only had access to the buffet. I got sick on day 2 and am still sick--have an appt with a tropical medicine doctor this afternoon now that I am home--thank God I work at a hospital! My husband must have a Teflon stomach--he is fine and he ate everything in sight. I am living on Pepto Bismol, Gatorade, and Ensure.OVERALL: It is a beautiful hotel with a wonderful beach, but the hotel service could be improved upon by increased English fluency of staff and better responsiveness to customer complaints.Would I go again to the DR? Yes, but I would stay at a 5 star resort.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic ! I've been to DR many many times... specially to Punta Cana. I stay in different resorts some expensive ones and cheap ones... Grand Flamenco is very very nice and the staff is great !! The price is just right. The beach is beautiful and one great thing you don't need to wake up early to get a chair!! there are plenty even if you go at noon!!Food is good, I recommend the Oriental very nice.I'll give you some tips; if you don't have an ocean view room ask in the front desk to put you on the waiting list, if they have availability they will change you at no extra cost!! I went with a friend and our room was very nice but facing the pool (nice view) I checked at the front desk and a day after we were on the 3rd floor facing the ocean !!!That was great !! It's good for couples but also good for singles... Many nice and friendly europeans...Take lots of dollar bills, tip the staff at the bar... when they see you they will treat you as a king... it might a large croud to get a drink but if they see you... done you get it first.Also one of the great things about the resort is that they have the best Disco in Bavaro... everyone from other resorts go there... Mangu it's great !!We had a great time, weather was great. If you like sailing take a Hobbie Cat and go out to the ocean.I recommend you this resort. After beeing in 3 different ones... this is the best by far !!!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Grand Flamenco Got back 5 hours ago and wanted to jot notes while fresh in my mind. Grand Flamenco and its employees are pleasant. Maintenance takes place from early morning to late at night. Stayed in bldg 12, second floor and althoug it did not fae the ocean or a pool, the balcony opened to a gardenlike walking path. We were less than 2 mintues walk to the beach and could see the ocean the moment we turned to walk inthe direction of the beach.As far as the food, there is a lot of variety at the buffet. We had reservatons for the grill, Mexican restaurant and Oriental restaurant. Food was good in the reserved dining area. I ate 2 Tums after every meal(regardless of feeling good) and did not get sick the entire trip. Drank lots of bottled water too. I think the key is to not over eat and not be so eager to try too many foods/desserts that you are unfamilar with.The outback safari has to be one of the top tours.It is well worth the day trip and the guides take very good care of everyone on the tour. The lunch provided takes place at a mountain ranch and the food prepared is good home cookingOverall, the Dominican Republic is just getting its tourism going, so while there are things to do, its not as developed as older resort areas, which can be appealing to some, boring to others. Know your travel partner's likes and dislikes. It will be crucial to have a successful vacation in Punta Cana.I think June is off season and the hotel seemed less than half full. No lines for towels, dining. tours etc.From previous comments, I thought the time share folks were outside of the hotel, but they are in the hotel and by the bach and they are selling Occidental vacation club memberships. If you're interested hear them out, if not keep walking they will not pressure you. However, more than one salesperson may approach you because they have no way of knowing who has been approached.I think the hotel should revisit this marketing approach.All in all, it was a great vacation. You can't rely solely on the weather forecasts on the Internet cause it was supposed to rain all 10 days. We had 2 night showers and didn't even know they had taken place until the next morning. One 30 minute rainstorm while on the beach. We sat there enjoying the rain and wind, then exchanged our drenched towels for dry ones, when the rain stopped. Enjoy yourself.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good choice You cannot expect Canadian level of first class here - leave expectations behind and you might be pleasantly surprised. If you need a relaxing place to wind down, this is a good choice - of course it depends on where your room is (upgrade and you'll be okay). Food in buffet was based on fresh local produce, nothing wrong with that except that it was very bland. Vegetarians and people who dont like food additives will certainly be happy. No one will go hungry. Bring small dollar store gifts (makeup, hair brushes, etc.) for the houskeeping staff - they appreciate it since they have very little access to consumer goods and their salaries are very, very low. I had a relaxing, good time. Felt very safe, comfortable and well treated by the friendly, outgoing staff. They are Super People!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ABSOUTLEY BEAUTIFUL! GREAT TIME! All i can say is that this resort was absoutley amazing. Beautiful, clean, quiet, relaxing... The people there are very friendly and do everything to keep the guests as happy as possible. The beaches are beautiful, sand is like powder and the water is crystal clear. There are so many water sports to do. There are shops down the beach you can walk to to go shopping for gifts. The pools are great, nice and big, warm, refreshing too. The rooms are cool, I was in building 10 on the second floor right over the main pool, It was a very nice view to wake up to. There is so many different types of food to try when you are there. I am not gonna lie, I was very nervous to eat there but I have to say the food was great! There is Italian, Mexican, Oriental, Steakhouse, Buffet, Pizza, And of course the great lunch snax at the sports bar located right in the main pool called the Home Rum! Great nachos, fries, burgers and stuff like that! They make great tropical drinks down there. Try the Miami Vice or the Coco Loco. Theyre good. All i can really say is that I would definetley go back, thats how beautiful the place realy was. It is so relaxing there and the people are so cool. Go to the night club called Mangu! definetley a fun night out, but be sure to go a little later than usual. Go around 12:30-1:00 am. gets better later. There are shows every night by the pool and they are so cool to watch, they get all the members into it by taking them up on stage and dancing with them. It is so much fun. Bring a lot of film because you will def. take a lot of pictures, there are so many cool things to look at! definetley give my vacation there a 10+ thats how much fun I had. I went with a friend and we are both 22 yr. old females, we had a blast! Enjoy your trip and email me if you have any questions! I'd be happy to answer them for you. Tell every 1 there Nicole from jersey says HI!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally Satisfied Left on June 12 and returned sadly on June 19.All I have to say it was great while it lasted.This was our first all inclusive trip my wife and 6yr old son have ever been on and we enjoyed it alot.The hotel was beautiful the beach was fantastic the food and our room which we tried to stay out of for the sake of the great weather and taking advantage of the time we had there were also good.We did go to Manati Park despite some bad reviews and again we enjoyed it although it was kind of pricey my son enjoyed swimming with the dolphins which was worth every penny.The only suggestions I considered valuble from this web site were about being carefull of the way some of the pork, fish, and beef were prepared.(bring immodium and gravol if your worried I did.)All in all we had a really nice fun family vacation we didn't want to end and would highly consider going back to in an instant.CHEERS   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice I went with a friend of mine to the Dominican Republic, where we stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco from June 8th - June 15th 2004. staying for an entire week is just the right amount of time for a perfect vacation. We arrived at the Punta Cana airport (hint: after you claim your baggage, there will be several bellboys offering to carry your luggage. do NOT let them, no matter how persistant they are. this will more than likely result in lost or stolen luggage) A van from the Occidental was waiting for us, and we gathered in with several otehr couples. At this point, someone from the tour company who was representing us came over and told us at which stop we needed to get off. They also gave us a pamphlet on different tours and activities available in Punta Cana. The van ride from the airport to the hotel is about 30 minutes. Have your camera out. Unless you leave the resort to go into town ( I HIGHLY recommened taking the day trip to Santo Domingo, a very very large Metropolitan area where you can see how Dominican's really live) this van ride would be a great time for photos (be alarmed, it is a very poor country, and you will see this on the trip to the resort) When you get to the occidental, you can relax. The bell boys will get your luggage out for you while you check-in. They mark it with a sticker that says IN, and they will bring it to your room for you. They say it will be there in ten minutes, but count on more like a half hour. This is the BEST time to go make your dinner reservations. The 4 restaurants fill up fast, but the only way to get in is with reservations, which are definately worth the planning ahead. Then you will proceed to your room. There are approx. 26 villa style (beautiful) buildings, with 3 floors each. Large beds and bathrooms, and a nice balcony or patio are definately a plus. The resort grounds are kept beautiful. The bech is large, and clean. ( I walked to beach one morning, and some of the other beachs were smaller, had less beach chairs, and no other points of interest. Some of them even had debris on them!) There are TONS of lounge chairs to sit or tan on, as well as a couple of pavillions, and dozens of mini straw huts to provide shade if you are not looking to be in the sun so much. Some people reserve chairs under these huts early in the morning (by putting towels on them) but it really isn't necessary, and you will still find a chair if you don't. THere are three great pools. One is closer to the beach, it is pretty big. It has a volleyball net, and little 'islands' in the middle. Another, located more towards the center of the resort is a little smaller, with mroe shade, and it is near the 'Fun Club' (a place to drop the kids off for the day -also, there really weren't alot of kids running around the resort, and if we did see kids,they we well behaved) So be aware, there will be loud kids there. THen, the main pool, which is absolutly fabolous, is located more towards the entrance (near the lobby) but is SO huge it extended half way across the resort. It is really is amazing, and has a swim up bar! Also, the pools, even at their deepest points are no higher than five feet. Good for short people, or those who dont want to dodge 'pool divers' while you are in the pool. It's all you can drink. They don't have our brands of liquor ( some bars have SKYY vodka, Remy Martin or Jack) but not always. They do make strong drinks, and the Banana Mamma's are good if you want something that isnt to strong. Their national beer (and the only one you'll find) is El Presidente, and its not half bad. Tips, at the bars and restaurants are not necessary (didnt you already pay enough) but greatly appreciated, even at the smallest amount. Every employee there, at any location works very very hard. Even at the buffet restaurant, they pour the water from your bottle into a glass for you. There are several bars, and one on the beach, and near the beach. The glasses they give you are small, and it's a pain to keep getting up to refill them. Dont be afraid to ask for several at a time, or I brought large mugs, and they filled them up for me. The entire staff really was amazing, and they went out of their way several times for us. On to the food. The only breakfast is at the biffet retaurant, and its not bad. Lunch can also be found at the buffet, the homerun restauarant (i dont recommend, the burgers and hot dogs were not good, and it was all fried american food) but our favorite lunch was at the patio near the beach. Great Dominican food, and just like every meal everywhere, lots of breads, salads, deserts and drinks. They had a different variety everyday, and LOTS to choose from, even if you are picky. Dinner can be found again at the buffet (also a great selection) there are also a outdoor taco stand, and outdoor pizza, but then there are the 4 resewrvations, which you need the reservations for. There is Mexican (try the fajitas), Italian, Oriental, and Steak (try the lambchops) Theya re full service, and were actually very good. Often times, after the meal, you will be offered Sambooka. A liqour, whicih they light on fire, and pour between glasses in the air. Definately get a picture of this. There is a Disoc(our equivalent of a bar or club) that gets pretty crazy and stays open till 5 a.m.) the cool thing about this place was we noticed people of all ages, if wasnt just teenagers. Here, you have to pay for the drinks, and you will meet people from otehr resorts, and some locals looking to mingle and party. On the resort at night there are dancing shows, they were nice. Loud music, and you can even join them on stage. BRING BUG REPELLANT IF YOU WILL BE OUTSIDE AFTER DARK. it got dark around 8 p.m., and the mosquitos were almost unbearable, but with bug repellant we had no problems. Dont be afraid to leave the resort, contrary to what you will hear from a travel agent, these people are nice, and if you are interested in them, you will find they are even MORE interested in you! Please, email me if you have any specific questions, or anything else you want to know. I'd be glad to answer you back!   
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>all great until check out We just returned from Punta Cana and stayed at the Grand Flameno Resort. I must admit I did read these reviews and had mixed feeling about it, but also it gave me some little hints to take along with us. They did pay off. The place is beautiful, the food is great (sometimes the same at the buffet) the waiters , maids and all the staff were terrific. Our only complaint was that the Sunquest rep was not available to help you with problems at any time, where as the Apple reps and Signautres reps were always willing to help their clients. Our check out was terrible, they did not seem to know what they were doing. and were very rude. Make sure you allow yourself some extra time to check out,when there are 5-6 buses waiting, your luggage needs tags to determine which bus to go on. this is where the front desk staff were not willing to help. Seems after they get you there, the politeness stops when it is time to leave. All in all great place. Beaches beautiful, rooms ok.Showers were bad. I would recommend this resport, even though we did have some problems. Watch out for the reps that try to sell you shares. they are pushy and rude.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>matty
<Content>dominican lover We were there from 19 till 29 of may. Had nice weather except one sunday full of rain. Nice rooms with 2 queen size beds, a paraplui, daily stocked minibar,coffefacilities etc (nicest room i have ever had) we had a room in block 15 in the centre of the resort. All restaurants were good, tried all the a la cartes exept the oriental. We had no problems getting reservations. All the people spoke english, not as fluent as you americans but hey: Do you speak dutch?Nice well kept gardens always a chair available. The resort is located in the best part of bavaro beach and yes bavaro beach is amazing. Just outside the main entrance you have the plaza bavaro with gift shops, internet cafee etc.If you want a vacation witch is worth the money go to the occidental and yes there are always people that don't appreciate anything. Where do you get lobster, oysters and a champagne breakfast?  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melissa251
<Content>This was the best vacation ever!! We just came back from an amazing time at the Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana. I have been to a lot of places, but i have to say i had the best vacation ever in Punta Cana!! This hotel was clean and the people were were very friendly. We spent most of our time at the beach. We did the glass bottom boat ride that included snorkling and it was a blast, our host was Enrico and he was alot of fun, he caught a fish for us by hand and found us a oyster. It was about 2 hours long. Every night they had a nice show and on fridays there were venders selling their goods at the hotel, i have to say they were a little too pushy for me. On Saturday after the nightly show there was a beach party with dancing, hot dogs and hamburgers. They always try to to keep you entertained. I think this hotel is great for couples and children. Any questions please email me!! Were heading back in September and I cant wait!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hola from Grand Flamenco! I have been reading reviews on this site ever since we started looking into this vacation over 3 months ago so I felt obligated to write my optimistic but objective review. We just got back from an amazing week in Punta Cana. We stayed at the Grand Flamenco from May 22nd thru May 29th. Travelling with us were 2 other couples and we ranged in ages from 20-29 and I feel its safe to say that we all had a great time. Overall the resort is beautiful. Like reviews posted before the grounds are extremely well kept. The staff are very friendly and always saying HOLA! to whoever crosses their path (you will find yourself saying this even when you get back home... I know I have). They all speak decent to immaculate english (some even speak up to 4 languages almost fluently) however, any broken spanish on our part is greatly appreciated. They are more than happy to help you learn a couple of words or choice phrases. The food is OK nothing to write home about but you can definitley get by on it for the week. Try to make as many A La Carte reservations as you can to prevent the monotony of the buffets. Also a tip: the earlier you go to the buffet the better, try to go as soon as it opens for whatever meal you are having and it will be fresh as well as served hot. The rooms are clean and we had no problems with any insects of any kind (besides the giant cockroach that lives in the lobby...but don't worry he barely ever moves from his spot on the ceiling). Nixon at the reception is very helpful bring him a pina colada or a lemonade once a day and he will be your best friend! When you go into town, try to avoid all the calls to venture into stores and just go to the first one on the right past the little restaurant that is there called Aloysie Gift Shop. Ask for Jhonson and he will hook you up with a great deal. Also, don't bother buying a phone card in your country of residence, they are such a rip off. Wait until you get down there and buy a Communicard. For 150.00 Pesos or about 3 dollars US will get you 20 minutes to Canada or the US. Our group that went ventured on a couple of different tours we heard that the ATV tour is awesome so definitley check that out if you have the time. My boyfriend and I went to Marinarium which was awesome and we got to swim with 10 foot sharks and manta rays in the open water (only nurse sharks, they are supposedly the most docile of the species). We also went to Saona Island. This was a great trip as well but be prepared for a LONG day (it takes almost 2 hours to drive there and then another hour 1/2 on a catamaran). The catamaran for us was the best part though there was a group of live (that's for you Mike and Christy) =) I mean wild dolphins that came up and swam for about 10 minutes around our boat. It was so much better to see them in their natural habitat than the enclosed small tanks at Manati Park. In my opinion, chance it and go to Saona Island, its not guaranteed to see them but so amazing if you get to. Later on in the week we went to a restaurant called Captain Cooks which is about 15 minute walk up the beach by the small shops which was amazing as well (make sure you buy the bottle of rum with your picture on it! And don't let them feed you too many shots of Mamajuhuana!!) On our last day we went Parasailing which was a great experience (try to save an extra $85.00US and go, it is definitley a worth the money. Make the most of it while you can and try to have a positive outlook on things (if you wanted it to be exactly like home you wouldn't have spent all the money to leave home in the first place). All in all, I would say it was a great vacation. An awesome time to be away from work and relax and with some wicked company. Thanks everyone for making the trip so memorable.Good to be back in Canada...eh?!Any questions? Feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation in the DR I stayed at the Grand Flamenco with my family for a week in late april. We had such a wonderful vacation! We arrived on a tues thinking that if we arrived during the week we could get the best prices on airfair and avoid the rush. I guess we were right because check in went very smoothly. We were in our room right away and out of it on the beach just as fast! The first few days were not crowded but as it got closer to the weekend more busloads of people started pouring in. I found that this resort was more fun with more people despite a few lines at the buffet or difficulty securing reservations at the resturaunts. I mean, come on the wait was never more than 3-5 min the whole time I was there and the resort was full (it was april vaction week). Most of the people there were Canadian and French though since it was April school vacation in the USA there were quite a bit more Americans then usual. I didnt find that there was any tension between the Americans and Europeans that other reviewers commented on infact I met many friends who were other nationalities despite some language difficulties (I'm american). I found that it was alot of families and couples. There were hardly any singles or teenagers (I'm 17 so these are things I'm interested in hehe). We were in building 10 which is the closest to the check in desk but farthest from the beach. It was a great place to be though because although there was a walk to the beach we were right next to the main pool, swim up bar, nightlife, snack bar, and buffet. The beach was gorgeous white with a bit of pink sheen. My friend and I found that if you walked as far as you could see from the resort to your left (not very far as you are in a bit of a cove, maybe 5 resorts down, which is really not a far walk) the beach is even pinker and theres this sideways palm tree thats great for picture taking. If you walk all the way to your right you'll come across a line of shops. I admit that I hate being dragged into their shops when I have no intension of buying anything but go just for a look and this is a great opportunity to meet real Dominicans and learn about their culture. Get over the fact that there pressuring you into buying things and just start a conversation (its their job to get people into the shops, BY ANY MEANS POSSIBLE, there not really that rude, infact Dominicans are extreamlly courtious and friendly, thier bosses keep track of if they get people into the shops). I met so many friends this way who I still keep in touch with (also if your a girl get over their catcalls and give them hints that you don't want a relationship right away! (unless you do) They live in a matcho society and will do this to any woman walking by). As far as seating at the beach there are MANY chairs so its not too hard to get one. If you want a little hut though to sit under those are limited. My dad would go to the beach early in the morning and grab one of these for our family (the signs say no reserving seats but if you dont theres no way your getting one). Around the pools it is very easy to find a seat most of the time infact I never had a problem. The towel sevice was good but its all the way on the otherside of the beach from where we were so again it was quite a walk, but your on vaction, personally a walk on the beach was something I would plan on anyways. If you don't want to participate in the fun clubs daily activities I would recommend sitting far away from the stage area of the beach. Though we would always sit right infront of it since we had the most fun during our vacation hanging out with them. They have daily dance lessons, exersice classes, spanish lessons, games, sports, and will help you with anything you need. We became great friends with most of the staff in the funclub and they would help us with all our needs. There was sometimes a bit of a language barrier but if your open to new experiences it is great fun to talk to them practicing spanish while they practice English. The bars were ok, they had everything but your drink was never the same twice. The poolbar would make a cocoloco compleatly different than the beach bar. The buffet had a pretty wide variety of foods and always had delicious fruit! They served plenty of American food as well as alot of french and many traditional spanish dishes. I enjoyed trying any food that I couldnt pronounce! You could always find food at this resort. The snack bar had a good selection and I usually ate lunch by the beach which was another buffet. The restaraunts were ok and the food was good but I enjoyed sittting at the buffet as after a few days you get to know the wait staff and they are very helpful. The Mexican restraunt was my favorite as it was full of life and spirit! The wait staff would randomly yell calls and things would be en flambe and at the end of the meal everyone takes a shot of tequilla. The rooms were not wonderful but accomidating. I found that if ou take your keycard off the keyring and just leave it in the electricity slot (the keys turn on the electricity and air conditioning) that youll always come back to a cool room. The maid service did an excellent job and maintnence came right away when we had a lightbulb go out. The grounds are kept immaculate they were even scrubbing the walkways with soap and water! a little overdone if you ask me! The nightlife was fun. Everynight the funclub puts on a different show. As I am a dancer Im a little critical but to the average person it was great entertainment! Before thier show there is always a kids show put on by the funclubs kids club. I didnt find out much about this feature as my youngest brother is 12 but the kids always seemed to be having fun whether I saw them at the pool or eating lunch together at the buffet. After the main show there is always dancing up on stage for everyone untill about 11:30 or so. After that alot of people go to the disco which is just outside the front desk area and down the driveway. From about Thurs-sun its a really fun place and is packed with people. The other nights its a little dead I found. It is open to the public for a fee but free to resort guests. The play mainly latin and hiphop stuff on the bottom floor and house on the top floor. The drinks in the disco are not free even for guests but they are cheep. I recommend you spend atleast one day out of the resort either exploring by yourself or on tour or excusion. If you have any more questions about this resort feel free to contact me!  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!!! This resort was beautiful!!!! Couldn't have asked for more. At first, after reading a few negative reviews I was a little scared what to expect, but was really excited to see the resort was exceptionally wonderful. The staff was very friendly, plenty of food and restaurants to choose from and the activities were constant. The night shows were also very entrtaining and professional, including the beautiful dancers! The beaches were just like in the pictures with plenty of towels, chairs and drinks to enjoy while laying out. In overall, the resort was awesome!!!! And would recommend it to anyone planning on going to Punta Cana. Be prepared to pay a range of $60-125 for the excursions.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>photofpd
<Content>Why Pay for a Substandard Resort We (I鈥檓 48, Girlfriend is 44) spent May 8th to the 15th at the Grand flamenco. Let鈥檚 start off by saying we鈥檙e from Long Island, NY, and kind of picky.  Check in went fast and no problems, bags were in the room before we were. The room which we had in the Club Royal section of the resort was outstanding. Large room, king size bed, big bathroom, fridge was well stocked with water, soda, and beer. Maid service was great, turndown service was nice touch. A/C was always on and had its own thermostat. Light was out in the bathroom and was fixed in less than a day. A few bucks to the maid, and waiters goes a long way. Fridge was stocked with beer soda and the ever present water bottles. Only place I鈥檝e ever been with a sign on the bathroom mirror saying 鈥淒on鈥檛 drink the water.鈥?This resort caters to the Euro traveler and Canadians mostly. It has been said in reviews here before about how rude people can be, and for the most part I do agree, never as much as a hello, excuse me, a smile, or thank you. The Germans and Canadians were much friendlier than the French who I found to be just plan nasty. I found other Americans at the resort had the same ideas. The entertainment is so bad, Broadway it鈥檚 not. The shows are in Spanish, which is strange since the resort is mostly French and German. The resort doesn鈥檛 have a warm and fuzzy feeling that I鈥檝e found at other resorts on other islands.  The resort grounds are very nice, well kept, clean and swept every day. The beach was long, wide and clean, with no shells anywhere to collect. The stores on the beach sell the same stuff found on any other island. The staff was friendly, said hello when you smiled at them. Key personal spoke English, no problem there. The bartenders work hard, but the drinks are weak. The Pina Colada went from watery to nice and frozen. It was very hit or miss. The only place with constant drinks was the bar by the stage. The staff in the Buffet Restaurant worked hard, water was always on the table, they always asked for your drink order. Ice Tea was asked for and made fresh. In the hamburger joint, the waiter came over with a selection of tea bags and asked which would we like, tipped him once and when he saw me getting drinks at the bar asked what time we were coming for lunch so he could have the tea ready. You can鈥檛 ask for a harder bunch of working people.  On to the food!! As I said we are picky. Food makes the trip no matter where you go. Quantity really doesn鈥檛 matter if the quality isn鈥檛 there. Well the food didn鈥檛 make this trip in the least! The buffet was old by the second day, same food, sometimes lunch was the same as the dinner before. There was never a line at the food counter, no matter what time you get there, the food was cold to warm. The hardest meatballs I鈥檝e ever had. The Worst pizza at dinner, hard and dry, but they do have great dinner rolls. We stayed away from the salad, so we would not run the risk of getting sick, or so we thought.  We ate in the steak place one night and let just say if I ever ate shoe leather this would most likely be what it tasted like. The entr茅e came with a small side of potato and a quarter of an ear of corn. When I asked for steak sauce, like A-1, the waiter brought sour cream. Yes, sometimes you just can鈥檛 win. Deserts in all the restaurants were the same every night and day. Why waste the calories. We got turned away from the other ala carte places because I didn鈥檛 have long pants. It鈥檚 a real hard to call this place a 5 star resort, long pants or not.  The burger joint, called the Home Run, we thought served the best food. Burgers, fries, hotdogs, and like someone else in their review said, the best onion rings around. On Wednesday, we ate our normal lunch at Home Run cheese burgers and fries and both of us had a pineapple drink. We ate different dinner meals. After dinner we both didn鈥檛 feel too good, but we said it might be the sun, so we went to the room and an hour later my girlfriend got the worst case of food poisoning I鈥檝e ever seen.I just had a bad case of stomach cramps, but my girlfriend couldn鈥檛 get out of the bathroom. She slept on the bathroom floor.After that we lived on grilled chicken, soup and potatoes. When my girlfriend got sick, the waiters went out of their way to help me. There were no 鈥渢ake out鈥?containers at the resort. Soup was carried in a bowl with foil over it, no small feat. Coffee carried in two plastic cups, no lids. The place needs some Customer service help.I鈥檝e said 鈥淚f you seen one island, you鈥檝e seen them all.鈥?Well, this Island is like Jamaica, St Lucia, and Antigua, except for the language. I could have gone to Singer Island, Fl, Mobay, or Turks, had a great steak, salad, and dessert, not worry about drinking the water or what was washed in it. For the price, there are so many nice islands with good food, great resorts and nice friendly people talk to, why settle for less.Any questions please Email me  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I was crying because I didn't want to leave!!!!!! I highly recommend the non alcohol margarita. I've read other reviews and they are terrile! Don't listen to the bad ones. It is the best vacation ever, I've been to France and this i enjoyed more. Defiently go for 2 or more weeks, i went for 1 and it is not enough, TRUST ME! The humidity, you get used to, and if you walk to the right for 10-20 min. there are little shops. They are all very poor, and people keep on telling you to come in their shop.anyway, the tennis court there is very different but fun, it is a sand court, but be sure to bring flat bottemed shoes or runners. The pools are great. And I also highly recommend Home Rum. The burgers, french fries, nachos, and hotdogs are 100%.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DayDreamer89
<Content>Highly Recommended!! The Grand Flamenco is a awsome resort with an awsome staff!! Can't speak Spanish, no problem. Need some help with anything, no problem. All they want you to do there is have a great time. The resort is extremely clean and secure. If you want oceanview put your name on the list at the fron desk, when we did we were moved to oceanview within a day. The lobby bar is by far the hottest bar in the resort, the bartenders are great! Bring lots of ones for tips and you'll be treated like a king or queen. The guys at the dive shack and towel area are really cool, we went diving and had good instruction and a great dive master by the name of Danny. If your interested I recommend going to Hugey', its about an hour away from the resort if you want to see how Dominicans really live. My wife and I toured the city and had a great time. We made friends with Christino from the resort and he guided us all day, we paid him $50 because it can be kinda intimidating taking a hour bus ride to the city if you don't speak a lot of spanish. I would recommend this resort to anyone. No complaints at all!! I miss being there already and I just got back.  
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Good Time Just returned from 7 days at Occidental. It was great. The hotel was immaculate. The people were exceptionally nice and went out of their way to please. Most everyone spoke English, however, even my poor attempts to speak Spanish were appreciated and welcomed with big smiles and friendly service. The food, on the other hand, was just okay. Plenty of it though so you won't starve... but it all tasted the same. (Steak tasted like fish, etc.) Plenty of fresh fruit and surprisingly good onion rings. Go figure.... Overall, a great place. The beach is beautiful, the pools are wonderful and the staff was outstanding!   
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth the money, had no complaints.... The place is beautiful. The staff was as helpful as could be with the language barrier. We are time share people who spend our time in Cancun and Hawaii and this was the first time we tried an All-Inclusive. We got a great rate by doing a last minute deal and could not have been happier. The food was average to above average which was fine with us. The resort is well decorated and well laid out. Slipped a few of the bartenders tips early in the week and was treated like royalty every time we went for a drink. If you decide to eat at the steakhouse, make sure it is not going to rain. There is little cover and you will get wet and kinda lose the mood for a nice dinner. I can't figure out the negative reviews as we only stay in 5 star time shares and this was right there. Not a lot to do so I would not recommend a 7 day trip. All in all the place gets an A from us.....  
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadaMonique
<Content>loved it         
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our first trip to Punta Cana My wife and I just returned April 25 2004 after seven day trip. We are in our mid 30's and this is our 3rd AI (first to DR). Con's: A lot of kids. The pool Bar only open until 6 pm. The beach was always crowded but always enough chairs (thatched umbrellas always saved with towels by 6:30 am). Too many boats, Helicopters and Parasailers. Time Share reps pushy. Need to have at least 1 restaurant open all day. Poor service in the main dining area. Not able to adjust air conditioner in the room (either on or off). Food was good but seemed to eat same thing every meal. Most food was not hot.Pro's: We had an awesome time at the Flamenco. The pool bar served drinks in pineapples. Beach and grounds were beautiful (lots of Palm trees and flowers). Room clean and nice especially liked the fridge in the room always filled with Presidente Beer, soft drinks and water. Coffee maker nice touch. Staff was friendly always happy and saying Ola. Our Housekeeper Margarita was wonderful. Mexican restaurant was great especially the fun witted staff. Zamora was crazy yelling arribe and giving tequila shots after your dinner. The Brick oven pizza was good. The people we met from canada and the US were great. All in all great vacation would recommend this resort to anyone. Please feel free to email me with any questions about the Grand Flamenco Punta Cana Occidental.Buenos Dias  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Amazing! Fantastic! Review from 2 women under 25 Aweosome Awesome Awesome! I went to Grand Flamenco with my friend (we're both under 25) in the May 2003. We flew direct from Halifax to Punta Cana. The airport is really kewl in Punta Cana. Be prepared for hot weather when you get off the plane and then a long line up in the bathrooms to get changed! Very very hot when you're waiting for your luggage at the airport! Our bus was waiting for us outside the airport as soon as we got there. Just grabbed our luggage and went to the bus. The drive wasn't long, and there's a lot to see on your way. If it's your first time to the DR - you'll be shocked by their living arrangements. The checkin took minutes and the fruity drink they give you while you wait is tasty. Our room was above the pool and restaurant that are beside the beach. We overlooked the pool which was great. 6am photos with the sun just coming up were amazing. We spent most of our time beside the pool near the beach because there was always something going on. They played a lot of loud domincian music and taught dance lessons (club dance) and did water aerobics in the pool daily so the pool was quite a happening place! Beach was quite amazing as well and you could walk forever on the white sand! Incredible! Not really any complaints about the food, but I was sick for most of the trip and should have brought immodium with me. I will this year! My friend that I was with did not get sick, so Im really not sure what caused it. Definitely drink lots of bottled water and reserve a hut so you have some shade. Weather was awesome - with only about 20 mins of rain one night after midnight. Warm rain - so it really wasn't bad. Nightly entertainment was fantastic! We went to the disco every night except one, and always had a great time. If any dominicans ask you to go upstairs at the disco - beware that you're going to a big room on the 2nd floor that is completely blue and hazy. It's kinda freaky. There are also swings in the room but it was mostly just dominicans sitting around chatting. Still a bit freaky. Disco main floor is awesome and they play lots of dominican music and american music. On Saturday night when we were there they had a huge beach party with bubbles from a bubble machine which was the most amazing party ever. They also have a wooden dance floor set up and a beach bar for the party. Everyone on the resort was at this beach party. Absoutely amazing time for our last night there!!! If you don't have a man at your side, be prepared to be hit on and starred at by all dominican men. They say the same lines to every woman at the resort, so don't take it personal. If you want any munchies (pringles/chocolate bars from home) they are very very expensive at the store. We booked a daytrip - jeep safari - that ended with the most amazing boogie boarding in the carribean sea!! The best part of it was coming up over the hill and seeing this awesome tropical blue water down over the hill between 2 mountains. It's incredible. Take your camera and be prepared to be drunk as they feed you rum and coke's all day on the jeep. Definitely recommend the jeep safari booked through the resort (your rep will meet you the day after you get to the resort and you can book through him/her). THey say not to book any trips off the resort as they could be a scam. If you want to buy souvenirs and things, there is a market just outside the gates to the resort. It's safe to go up there...but make sure you are prepared to barter with them. You should try and figure out what you're going to pay in CDN before you pick your item. The original price they quote is ridiculous. If you're looking at something like a beaded necklace they will quote approx $20 cdn! I actually bartered enough to get 4 necklaces/bracelets for $10 cdn. Make sure you dont give in too quick...as they usually do give in when you tell them you can get the item in canada for cheaper. Be stubborn! I hope my review helps and I would DEFINITELY go back to this resort again, and recommend it to anyone. We had virtually NO problems at this resort. Absolutely loved it and I'm still talking about it to everyone I talk to! Going again next week to Punta Cana - Palladium Bavaro resort (which I think is next door) so I'll have to compare the 2. Enjoy your trip - well worth it! Anyone that didn't enjoy this resort doesn't know how to have a good time!!!!! AMAZING TIME!!!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a wonderful time!!! My husband and I and another couple spent a week in Punta Cana and the Grand Flamenco. We all had a wonderful time. The beach was gorgeous, the pools were refreshing, the staff was extremely helpful and friendly, and the food was above average. The best excursion that we went on was the James Bond Speed Boats. After you drive 2 seater boats into the ocean, you snorkel for about an hour. I recommend this to all age groups. Have fun, relax, and enjoy. What more could you as for???  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hops
<Content>We totally agree We totally agree with the trip advisor user from Vancouver. If a vacationer spoke Spanish they thought they owned the place. The ones who had their tops off should have kept them on and the majority with tops on should have taken them off. Overall a great resort and a wonderful time! Do take a credit type card for the electricity and air conditioning, my MM meat card worked great. Do take U.S.$1 bills for tips as they are hard to come by. And also take towels because if you loose one of theirs it's $35.00 U.S. to replace it.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DISAPPOINTING TRIP Upon arrival, we had to wait almost two hours for our room to be ready. At that time, we received a room with two beds (we requested one king bed). It had a broken towel rack (that wasn't fixed until the day before we left). Juan (our Apple Representative) was supposed to assist us but we quickly found out that if you were not eighteen and a size five, forget it. The people on the property trying to sell you timeshares were extremely pushy and were everywhere. That was a real turnoff. The food was decent and the staff (except for Juan) were excellent. Our electricity went off three times while we were there and our tv never did work right. The pools were nice and well kept and the drinks were good. The beer at the bar was all draft (unless you wanted to pay $2/bottle). We say, go somewhere else. We have been to two other resorts that were much better. Very disappointing and $2,100 for seven days was a lot to be disappointed in the end.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Concerned at first, Then loved it! Kids had fun! We had a great time. Staying in the Royal Club really made the vacation. Others in the resort struggled with dinner reservations and food quality, but we were well taken care of. I was a bit worried at first as our phone was not working properly and our first meal experience in the sports bar was not so great. A disgruntled, overworked chef there was a bit unnerving. Also, we had two very long waits for food at the Pizza place. But we had fun at Manati Park, and on Macao Crazy Wheels. The snorkeling jaunt we did with Bavaro Splash was so so, though the guides were very nice. My kids had a great time. They loved the stage entertainment involving kids in the early evening. Overall, it was a great vacation and we didn't want to leave. Again, putting in the extra bit for the Royal Club was really worth it. The staff was very friendly. Though tipping is not suggested or encouraged, I was glad I had cash at the end to hand out to those who had been especially kind to us. US $'s are so valuable for them.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ilovepug
<Content>Great Resort For the last reviewer who is European and complaining about all the rude North American, all I can say is TIT fo TAT. It's funny how we get different perspectives of different countries. I found the resort to be great EXCEPT for the Snotty Rude, Push ahead of everyone Europeans. Not to mention ugly topless ones!! It was all I could do to contain myself from having a fit when they butted in line, or pushed me...But I guess our culture is too polite to react in an aggressive way. But other than that, we had a great time, and the resort was lovely.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Blast at Occidental Grand Flamenco First let me say that I find it both interesting and amusing reading the reviews of others who rate not only the resorts but also other guests. It must be hard to be so perfect. Sticking to what this site is designed for, this beautiful resort is overall very well kept. This was our second visit to Punta Cana (See my review on Grand Paradise Bavaro) and I apologize for writing so late. We visited the resort in spring 2003 as a result of seeing it from our tour bus last trip. Fantastic beach, nicely appointed guest room. Get up from the beach early for dinner though if you want a hot shower as hot water is scarce after 6:00 p.m. Ours was a second floor room corner and our friends on the third floor inside had a leaky roof on their last night. Had heard that from others who were on third floor as well. This resort is not new and, in spite of it's well kept appearances, the buildings could obviously use some work. Slip front desk staff a fin (5$) after they tell you your room number and tell him you want a better room (beach/ocean view or second floor) because it's a special occassion (anniversary, honeymoon) and it's done! $1 a day for the housekeeper on the pillow in the a.m. and they go above and beyond! Flowers at turndown, towel sculptures, fresh fruit; all the little things that make your holiday special. Bring a video club card or old expired credit card as well. The power to the room is turned on by inserting your room key in a slotted switch. This keeps the air conditioning on. Trouble is though they only give you one key so when you leave your room, the power goes off (energy conservation) and so does the air conditioning! Put your vid club or expired credit card in the slot and leave it there when you leave the room and upon your return, your room will be the temperature you want it to be. Food was better than I had expected; Mexican was good; pizzas were excellent; buffet lines in evening were slow. Breakfasts were good and beach restaurant is best lunch selection and quality. Staff are friendly but language barrier is evident. Learn a little Spanish and make the effort to speak it. They will appreciate it and make more of an effort to help you. Above all else, smile and remember, in the Dominican,in a moment can be several. You're on holiday; relax! Drinks come in small cups so bring large insulated carry mugs with covers and you'll reduce your trips to the bar. Bar service is not overly swift either but afterall, it is all included so you get the impression the bar service is slow intentionally. Tips at the bar work better if you are female. Lots of things to do and facilities and equipment are first rate. Highly recommend Monster Truck Outback Safari to see the countryside. Bring a box of pastries and fruit from the buffet in the morning (carry out boxes are available at the buffet) to give the children who you'll meet along the many stops. They are so impoverished. We always bring little pkgs of crayons, toothpaste, shampoo, soap, toothbrushes, pencils, exercise books, ball caps, t-shirts; they have very little. The Saona Island Catamaran cruise is an excellent value and the helicopter tour is also great. Don't get hung up on the negative reviews of many on this resort. There are lots worse! Your holiday is what you make it and in our travels, the complainers wouldn't know how to have fun even if you gave them a book on it!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't sweat the small stuff I would just like to comment how in my brief traveling history I have never relished a place as I did Punta Cana. I stayed at The Occidental Gran Flamenco and found the service to be exceptional, the staff--helpful, sincere, and exuberantly friendly, and the grounds and the beach to be glorious. The resort has three great pools, which I scarcely ventured into because the ocean itself is to die for. No rocks or seaweed and a turquoise blue you only dream about. The food is fantastic and there is something for everyone. My only beef is with the people who complain about the food. How insulting to be picky when those serving you rarely get three square meals a day and don't even have the option of such elaborate and decadent choices. When I stayed at the Sunscape two years ago, I watched as Spaghetti's mouth would water at the sight of someone holding an ice cream cone. I can't imagine how difficult or perhaps how amusing it is to the locals to hear foreigners complain about finding a roach or ants in the room... Uh, duh! Hello? The hotels are open concept. There is a constant breeze and you are before an ocean, not in the city. Perhaps the most comical aspect regarding these lamenters is the fact they get angry when most workers don't speak English... Hmmm, let me see... you are in their country and you expect them to bend to you? Grab a dictionary instead of a beer and teach yourself a few words. How about Gracias or Por Favor. That might be a good start! It kind of freaks me out that they can act so haughtily and pompously when on their reviews I can detect a bazillion spelling and grammatical errors. Tsk, tsk, tsk! I think it would be best they learn English first before pointing fingers. I usually take an extra bag of luggage full of stuff for the locals. I bring perfume, candy, books, pens, clothes, key chains, and make-up, whatever! The people go nuts for the stuff. They are impoverished beyond belief that is why I remain ghastly shocked when travelers (Americans mostly) gripe over frivolous trivialities. Shame on you for being gluttons and ungrateful. It really isn't the end of the world when you find a centipede or teeny weenie ants in your room, or when the cable doesn't work--what are you doing in your room anyway?--go watch TV at home!The Flamenco is a massive, reputable resort with plenty to do. It is said to have the best, most hopping club (Mangu) in all of Punta Cana. If you have a good attitude and want to have fun, you simply can't go wrong!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Maine-ahh
<Content>Started OK, got crowded and went downhill We arrived on Wednesday 4/14 and we impressed with the check-in and grounds. They gave us a nice room 26-302, which was on the top floor and near the beach.First disappointment was the room had two DOUBLE beds, not QUEEN. We were a family of four and couldn't all sleep comfortably. I inquired at the Royal Club about an upgrade, and found they had the same beds. However, they did suggest putting in a third (twin sized) bed in our room, so we made do.Second disappointment was the shower. It barely spit any water. I took off the shower head and let a stream flow out of it instead. The plumbing and electrical outlets all seemed to be falling apart. The room key is used to power the room, and shuts off the clock radio when removed, so we just unplugged it rather than resetting all the time.We first went to the beach and some people gave the kids their boogie boards, and said someone had done the same to them, and to pass them along at the end of our trip.The resort was not very crowded for the first 2-3 days, but bus loads started arriving over the weekend and the staff could not keep up with the quantity of guests. Service dropped off and it became very hard to find a chair at the buffet, on the beach, or by the pool. Many people went out VERY early in the morning to stake out chairs by putting on their towels, and then not coming back for several hours.Le Buffet was as good as expected food wise. It did not vary a whole lot. The fruit, yougurts, and juices were great, with lots of variety. All the breads are wonderful. Meats were acceptable except for the night they were carving a poor little pig which lived a hard life and only gave up bones. They always have two cooks making omlettes at breakfast and have one making pasta at dinner.Luckily we made reservations at the other restaurants before the crowds arrived. The Mexican was not too good. The salad buffet just looked like a selection of taco toppings.The steakhouse was best as far as main courses went, but had the same small salad bar, and just a subset of the dessert bar.We had lunch at the sports bar several times. It is above the swim up bar, and was the first to open each day at noon. Hanburgers and hot dogs are the main fare there. The lunch buffet at the beach was nice, but got so crowded that you had to take your food elsewhere to eat it.The beach is beautiful!!! The water is a great color and the sand is fine and white. The best waves were found two resorts down to the left (Paradisus). The souvenir shops were one resort to the right (past the Fiesta). It was nice to haggle and believe you got a good price.We had a such fun on the banana boat, that we went twice. Also used the snorkel and masks, but there was not much to see in the ocean in front on the resort. The Hobie Cats were also fun to use. The best was just jumping in the waves and floating in the warm salty sea.The pools were a little disappointing. They are all too shallow to dive and have long walk-in gradual entries. The deepest point is maybe 50 with the average depth waist high or less.The bars were okay, but unless you ordered a beer or wine the mixture was never the same twice. A pina colada or daquiri might be made by either ice and bottle pouring, a blender, from the smoothy machine or some combination of those. You also have to be sure to ask for alcohol, or it might be virigin. My kids got good at ordering blender drinks and juices, but once in ahile said it tasted sour and I would sip and find alcohol in their drinks. A lot of people order Miami Vice which is a mix of pina colada on the bottom and strawberry daquiri on top. That was one which always arrived the same.The shows at night were pretty corny, but the kids enjoyed the early kid's show, and often participated.Overall, a very international resort, lots of French, German, Brits, Canadians and Americans. The staff are mostly friendly and helpful, but our Spanish was as limited as their English. It is starting to show its age, and seems a little large at 800+ rooms.We will probably try a different resort and maybe a different island next time. People we met on the ride to the airport and the excursions all seemed to rate the Bavaro Palace very highly.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>larene
<Content>Great vacation My husband and I stayed here over spring break and absolutely loved it. The grounds are immaculate and beautiful. Workers were constantly cleaning and working on the gardens, unbelievable in the heat! The people that worked there were awesome. They were always smiling and friendly. The beach is wonderful, the sand is incredibly white and the water a gorgeous blue. We also had read the reviews before booking here and were a bit concerned about the negative comments. I would have to agree with another persons comment about the people that didn't enjoy themselves having other issues. We would go back in a minute.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice resort, only... Stayed 14 days in the hotel in March '04. The resort is alright, the Dominican Republiek is beautiful, especially the beach and the sea is gorgeous. I had no trouble making a reservation for any of the restaurants! But unfortenately they aren't so tasty and not much to chose from. I couldn't go to the Oriental restaurant because I wasn't alowd inside with my 7year old kid. The buffet is so so ok茅, the one day better than the other. I must say that there isn't anything special for the vegetarians among us!!! After 10 days you get pretty bored with the food! but can always enjoy the lovely fruits! Breakfast was very good!! Lots to chose from. If there is one thing that annoyed me pretty much, it is the foreigners there! Europeans, listen! The hotel is nearly full of Canadians and Americans. 'Till last month I had a positive idea about Canadians and Americans but that changed a lot! They are unpolite (hardy hear anyone say please or thanks you) go stand in front of a row, someone nearly walked over my daughter without even saying sorry! and they eat and drink sooo much that you feel sick just watching them. Really very disgusting. Because of the hours difference I woke up very early the first days and when I went to smoke a sigaret on the balcony at 6.00 in the morning, I saw people sneaking around to reserve the best seats in the shade, by the time it's 7.30 all seats are occupied. I saw a few copples 'reserving' (they put a towel or a shoe on it) seats at the pool and at the beach at the same time. Sometimes nobody show up the hole day but they still keep their seats 'reserved'. Very very selfish people indeed. They act like they own the place. One evening someone called me a rude ----- because I was sitting on HER seat! Can you believe that? There was nothing on the seat so I thought it was free. Lovely place but if have enough of the north-americans!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutley Beautiful!!! My Fiance  I, 32  30, just returned from a week's stay at the Grand Flamenco on 3/28. This was by far the most relaxing vacation we have ever taken. With 2 careers and 3 kids we decided to take a well deserved vacation for just the 2 of us, and let me tell you it was well worth it!! We booked our vacation with Apple Vacations and I strongly suggest that anyone else do the same, I will tell you why: First of all the Apple vacation building is #13 right next to the BEAUTIFUL beach, anyone who books w/ Apple automatically stays in this building. Second, you have your own Apple representative in this building through which you can make daily dinner reservations and any additional excursions you would like to do. We never had any problem getting a reservation for the restuarant we wanted to dine in that evening, and both excursions we took (Outback Safari  The Aquatic Tour) were fantastic. Juan was our Rep and he was always very friendly and eager to assist us in anyway possible. We noticed people who didn't book with Apple had LOTS of trouble getting even one dinner reservation for the entire week they were there. The Resort itself is Beautifully landscaped and constantly being maintained, the pools are lagoon style and very appealing as well. Our Room was spacious and the only downfall was we requested a King size bed but got 2 twins, they explained that there are only 150 king size beds in this approx. 900 room resort, which I thought odd, but we easily rectified the problem by putting the beds together, problem solved. All the employees at this resort were SUPER friendly and always had a smile on their faces, which I would find hard to do considering some of them are working 18 hour days. It wasn't uncommon to see your housekeeper later that evening hosting a restuarant or doing some other job. They do work very hard for such little money so we made sure we brought plenty of singles for tipping the wait  bar staff  lots of little trinkets, ( cosmetics, school supplies, candy, hair scrunchies, etc.) for our housekeeper, we also gave her a dollar every day. It's amazing how much 1 US dollar means to them, and you can obviously afford that petty price if you can afford a vacation down there. The Restuarants were both Good  Bad, we loved the Japanese  ate there 2 times, same with the Mexican which had an Excellent Octopus dish that was to die for if you like seafood. I liked the Steakhouse, I had a seafood kabob, but my fiance's dinner which was the special that day was horribly overcooked, it was some sort of seafood plate that consisted of shrimp, mussels, calamari  fish. He said thehe Calamari was the only tasty thing on the plate, which I must agree with from eating it in the other restuarants...very good. As far as the Italian the service  food were HORRIBLE!!! However I think we just had a bad experience, because I talked with several other people who were very pleased with it. We pretty much steered clear of the Buffet's for dinner, but usually ate at the Beach Buffet or Home Run (Burgers  hot dogs) for lunch. The Rotissere chicken at the buffet is EXCELLENT, and there is such a vast variety everyone is bound to find something they like. The Guests at the resorts were mostly in the 30  up range, so if you are looking for the typical spring break vacation, this may not be the place for you. Very Culturally diverse French, Canadian,  German, with the occasional American thrown into the mix. We found everyone to be very friendly, we met couples from France who were great, a Woman from Germany vacationing by herself who I had a couple of fun nights at Mangu ( the disco bar) with when my fiance was too tired to come with me. We didn't run into any Rude tourists as we were expecting after reading past reviews, which was a nice surprise. The Drinks at the bars were always strong,  if they aren't strong enough for you, just ask them for more alcohol, they'll happily comply. The Beach is absoultley GORGEOUS, with soft white sand, turquoise water, and palm trees for miles  miles. There is always a breeze which is nice because that sun is EXTREMELY hot, so fairskinned people like myself be forewarned, never wear less than SPF 30, or you will be miserable  ruin your trip, I have never gotten so much color wearning 30 before in my life. My fiance who is of Puerto Rican decent  never burns got absolutley FRIED!! All in all this was a wonderful, beautiful, relaxing vacation. I would definitely visit Punta Cana  this resort again anyday. Enjoy your trip, I know we did. Please feel free to e-mail me with any questions. P.S. You have to try parasailing, it was so much fun  the scenery from up there is gorgeous, but make sure you walk down the beach to the right about 20 minutes to the flea market to pay for it, their price was 70 US$ for 2 people where the resort wanted 95 US$ for 2 people. Souvineers are also much less expensive there. HAVE FUN!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AzzurroMontreal
<Content>Fabulous time.... My stay at Grand Flamenco, Punta Cana was absolutely divine. 14 days of beautiful weather, sun and fun. My friends and I had a lovely time. Great shows at night, great food, lots of restaurants, no waking up early in the morning to book your chairs. Lots of space on the beach, and no one to bother you. Nice beach and the Domenicans are such nice people. ROOMS: Clean and spacious, we had an ocean view, just beautiful. Definately would return to this resort. ENJOY!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>grand deluxe package a total disappointment Been there 3 times. I love the place, beach, food, cleaning service, entertainment, wait staff ect. but if you are foolish enough to purchase the grand deluxe package thru sunwing in canada you risk wasting $350.00 canadian, for no proactive service on this package.... a lot of broken promises.... and I cannot find out what the heck happened????? I have basically sent this message to Occidental Hotels, Sunholidayys.ca and Sunwing. I will let you know if any explanation is forthcoming.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Memories to last forever My wife and I have been married ten years and have never gotten to take a honeymoon. When I had gotten some unexpected money I had surprised her with a trip. Careful planning, diligent research into the nice, quiet resorts, and there it was. We get to Punta Cana, plane ride was good, customs, fine. Taxi to the resort...CRAZY, but what a rush. Go to check into the resort...Sorry overbooked. Where are we to go I asked. Grand Flemenco the guy says. I told him that in Wisconsin anything with Flamingo atached to the name is pretty tacky. It wasn't until we pulled in did I make the the connection to the Occidental that I almost booked in the first place. Everything was just as I wanted and dreamed for my wife and I for ten long years. The people are the most polite you will meet and always ready to assist you. I found myself staring up a cocanut palm and a groundskeeper asked if I would like one. I expected him to go get us one but instead he climbed right up the tree and had two cocanuts for my wife and I. Thanks to Kelly at the lower bar/buffet and The Flying Dutchman at the horse back riding booth for the insight on how the Dominican really is. Please get to know the people. Not only are they there to take care of you but they work very hard to do so. The food was excellent and always there. Drinks...ask for mucho rum that way you'll taste it. Go diving! People watch. Emerse yourself in the culture for a week. It won't kill ya to learn from their habits, ie. why are we so busy and rushed. The U.S. is supposed to be the most advanced nation but I guess we are too busy to see that. The Dominicans seem happier and healthier than we do. Take notes. You find yourselves talking to people you normally wouldn't. Myself a die-hard Green Bay Packer Fan, became freinds with a couple from Minnesota...go figure. I hope that we can actually get together again, I just won't tell anyone their from Minnesota. The best thing that happened was a couple that was celebrating 35 years together were standing in front of the room complex, I had offered to take their picture for them. They inturn took my wifes and my picture. They said they saw us the day before and also that day and said between themselves that we must be honeymooners. After ten years of marraige and two beautiful children, you can fall in love all over again. Some places and moments will do that to you. Enjoy, relax, see the sunrise, sit on the beach at night, drink milk from a cocanut, get to know the culture, barter with a Dominican, dive, surf, sail, make freinds, forget about stuff. You won't have those moments again. Feel free to email me...thanks  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Hospitable We stayed at The Grand Flamenco Punta Cana from March 28th-April 4th, 2004-beautiful beach-very friendly staff-great evening shows-great buffets-great restaurants(especially steakhouse), beautiful countryside-take a trip off resort well worth it-take insulated cups for drinks. We loved everything about it. Would go back today if we could.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>misstherapist
<Content>Its so beautiful I just got back from Punta Cana. I was there for 4 days at the Grand Flamengo. I had a great time there and loved it. I would go back for sure. I was a little scared about going after reading the bad reviews on the place. I dont know why so many were not happy with it. The hotel itself is nice, the rooms are average if you can get ocean view it is nicer. We were in a regular room for 2 nights and then switched to ocean view. We had to wait becuase none were open when we arrived. I would advise not wasting your time signing up to eat at the ala carte restaurants unless you just want to be waited on. The food at ala carte is not very good. The buffet is pretty good overall and you can choose what you want. My recommendations food wise are the fruit, the chicken is good, the cooked veggies, and the desserts. THe fruit and desserts are the best. For bfast they have really good omelet and lots of great breads to choose from. There are really good fruit smoothies as well. Another thing that is really good is the pineapple drinks served in the afternoon at the pool bar. Get one of those they are good. Also by the beach there is a buffet that is pretty good. I did not gain any wieght on this trip with the all you can eat, but you wont go hungry either. I really loved the people of the DR they are so nice, polite, and just very happy people. Be warned it takes them along time to fullfill requests they move slow but that is just the culture I suppose. The beach is so beautiful, I spent lots of time playing in the ocean. Bring very strong sun block. I had coppertone 50 and zinc oxide for my face and did fine. I am very fair, I just reapplied every hour and did not get burnt. WIsh I would have brought a raft for playing in ocean so bring one of those if you like to ride the waves. Overall it was lots of fun. Ask me ??? if you want. I will be happy to answer any.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money We went during spring break March28-Apr1 and were very dissapointed with this place.Beautifull beach ,hotel ok but service terrible.I was aware of the bad reviews but chose to ignore them .We have been in Cancun about a dozen times and it was time for a change.What a mistake! The hotel advertisment mentioned 8 restaurants ,kid club and other stuff that made me think it will be a wonderfull vacation.Almost everything I found far from the truth.Immidiately upon arrival on Sunday we went to make the reservations for dinners in different restaurants.Imagine my face when the lady told me first opening is on Friday.I politely explained that we will be leaving on Thursday but she only offered waitlist.In the lobby we found a line of people with same complaints.Next morning we got a reservation with a help of a few dollars to an Italian restaurant but here comes another dissapointment-an hour wait for a lousy lasagna and overcooked steak! I can go on and on about all the problems .It became a daly joke comparing our mishaps with another couple at breakfast.They do not plan to come back either............  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kcavanagh
<Content>We found paradise at the Grand Flamenco Punta Cana Getting there:We flew Air Transat out of Calgary. Flight duration was about 5 ? hours and was without incident? until we approached Punta Cana airport. There was a rainstorm with low visibility. The pilot requires a minimum 3.2km to attempt a landing and he only had 2km. So we had to circle the airport along with 4 other planes for approximately 45 minutes and then we received clearance to land. The airport is very cool ? all open air with thatched roofs, etc. Made it through customs without incident. Hopped on a bus for the ? hour ride to the resort. The driving is quite interesting in the DR. They seem to flash high beams when approaching other vehicles for no apparent reason? other than to perhaps blind the driver!The Resort:Upon arrival, I hopped off the bus and headed directly to the check-in counter while my wife looked after the luggage to try and beat the rush. It took about 5 minutes and we were checked in. We requested an ocean view room and much to our surprise, we got one! We were in Building 13 on the second floor with a beautiful view of the beach and ocean. I can?t imagine a room anywhere in the world with a nicer view!!! We enjoy the beach rather than the pool so it was also nice being this close to the beach (30 second walk).The resort is definitely maintained very nicely. Very nice lobby with lots of sitting areas. They also have a mini-casino with probably 20 slot machines (penny, nickel, twenty-five and dollar slots I think). They have 3 swimming pools with one having a swim-up bar. You have to sit in the shade though so we didn?t spend a lot of time there. At 2:00pm each day, they serve these drinks in Pineapples (I forget the name of them but they were very tasty!!!).They have two buffets ? one near the lobby and the other down by the beach. Very good selection of food at both. We don?t go to these resorts in search of gourmet meals and it bothers me when people complain about how bad the food is. We had no problem finding food that was good and tasty.They have a Sports Bar right by the pool called the Home Rum. Great food there? hotdogs, hamburgers, French fries, onion rings, pizza, nacho chips with cheese, salad bar, etc.We checked out 3 of the ala cartes (I think they have 7 in total) -? the Grill, Mexican and Italian. I would rank the food served at each as average.I don?t recall how many bars they had on-site but we never seemed to be ?empty handed? when it came to drinks. The lobby bar does get quite busy at night and it can take several minutes to get served.We checked out the Mangu Disco that is at the front of the resort. Very loud music, you have to pay for drinks and there were a lot of young people. We stayed for a few hours and left. If you like loud music, flashing lights and younger crowds, you will enjoy this place.The resort has a little strip mall consisting of clothing, mini-mart, cigar store, etc. Prices are pretty high though. If you want cheaper shopping, head down to the beach, turn right and walk about 15-20 minutes and you?ll come to a flea market type area. Lots of stuff to buy there? but most of the stores are similar in their product offerings. Nice outdoor restaurant there as well called Captain Cook. The lobster they were grilling looked soooo good? but the place was packed so we didn?t get a chance to try it.Tours:We went on the Saona Island Catamaran Trip. Cost was $79 USD per person. It was a very enjoyable day. Bus picks you up at 7:20am, stops at a few other resorts for pickups and then heads south across the island about 2 hours to a place called Bahayibe (I think?). From there, you have a choice of either taking a speedboat to the island and return on a catamaran or vice-versa. We opted for the catamaran out and speedboat back. It?s a very beautiful island with a great beach. They served a pretty decent lunch, drinks, etc. We got to spend about 2 hours there and then returned. On the way back, you stop at a natural swimming pool in the ocean where you can see enormous starfish. I?d recommend bringing an underwater camera and your snorkel gear, although the water was pretty shallow in places for snorkeling. The bus ride was interested as you get to go through a few small towns. The countryside is extremely dirty with tons and tons of litter scattered everywhere. It?s a shame they don?t treat their country with more respect as it?s a very beautiful place. I would definitely recommend this trip.Summary:Overall, we had an excellent vacation at the Grand Flamenco and would highly recommend it to others. We would not hesitate returning to this resort (or Punta Cana for that matter). The beaches and water are truly unbelievable! About the only negative comments I have would be the staff weren?t as friendly as other places we?ve visisted (ie. Mexico  Cuba). More smiles, Hola's, etc would be nice to see!I'd be glad to try and answer any questions you might have regarding this resort...  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise!!! This was by far the best vacation that I have been on in the Carribbean so far. I was there with my friends and family from March 17th until the 24th. Upon our arrival, we were greeted by a friendly hostess who served us cold banana mamas (taste like pina coladas) The staff was friendly, spoke english, check-in was smooth, and our building and room was spectacular. Our room had vaulted ceilings, and our balcony looked out onto lush gardens. Our cleaning lady Juana was very friendly and always left little flowers for us in the washroom and on our pillows. Give them a little tip and they are really appreciative. They work very hard for what little money they get. My family and I found all the staff at the resort to be very friendly, helpful and entertaining. They always had a smile on their face and were always willing to go the extra mile for the guests. The beach and the grounds were immaculate!! The beach can compare with any of the best beaches in the world. The daily entertainment was great, and the nightly entertainment, even better. It is amazing how hard the dancers, animation artists, lighting people and the live band worked so hard to please the audience. Some of those dancers are so phenomenal...special mention to Jesus el capitano, Maria Cecelia, Raffi, Jaqueline, Elvis, Maria la Cubana. If you care for the nightly entertainment shows, be prepared to be captivated! The food was good...not the best every night, but if you want pizza, hotdogs and chips...stay home. This food is authentic and very healthy!!! For the young people coming to the resort...do not fear...there is things to do for you. I am in my twenties and thoroughly enjoyed myself. We went to the night Club there called Mangu It was fantastic. Lots of people and the D.J played everything!!! All in all I would definately recommend this resort to young and old. Do not listen to the bad reviews!! They are either a bunch of lies made up by competing hotels or by spoiled brats who do not appreciate the fact that yes.. they are in another country. Please appreciate these people, they try their best. And have fun. I plan on visiting the Grand Flamenco again.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise down south We stayed at the Grand Flamenco Hotel from 06-13 March in the Royal Club. Everything was top notch from the moment we arrived, with a private check-in within the Royal Club building. We lucked out with an ocean-front deluxe room, which was well appointed and comfortable. We ate breakfast mostly at the Royal club, but also enjoyed the buffet breakfast within the main part of the resort. The food was excellent, and I can not understand all the negative reviews that were posted, prior to my arrival.  Special thanks to Guillermina at the Royal club, a classy lady who made us feel special.  As said before in other reviews, the beach and the grounds are gorgeous, and very well maintained. The buffet restaurants, Japanese and Italian restaurants are excellent with a wide variety to choose from. The Steak restaurant was not worth the hour wait to receive the entree, but the steak was still recognizable as beef.  I think that the only complaint I had was with many of the guests staying at the resort, within the main complex (blue wrist bands). They complained about English not being spoken (go buy a Berlitz paperback and learn some Spanish). They also in general are lousy tippers. I observed many of them not leaving any tips for their waiters and waitresses (even after receiving deluxe attention).  I will return again to this fabulous resort, and recommend it to anyone who desires a carefree, and well-valued holiday week in the sun.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Flamenco Highly recommended We just got back from this resort, had a fantastic time. This was our first trip to Dominican, not our first to the Carribean and it definately will not be our last. This resort was perfect, good selection of food, 3 great pools each with wading area for the little ones, and beautiful beach area. It was our first trip with our 21 month old and she loved the pool, and all the facilities including use of the playground in the kiddies club. Boy the sun is HOT down here - bring the sunblock for the kids and some protection for yourself too! I was worried about the milk situation, but they were able to provide milk by the carton for her. It rained for 2 days while we were here, and that would be our only complaint. The staff here were so friendly and helpful!! We absolutely recommend this place!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Flemenco is Paradise We just returned from Punta Cana on Mar 28. We were there for only a week and it wasn't long enough, it was the most beautiful place. I honestly have no complaints. The staff is the best...Ohla Franklin, Metz, and Antonio. These guys are the greatest. The ladies who greated us everymorning at the buffet with our champagne and orange juice were equally as friendly. They really are the happiest people, it was great to hear them singing all the time. We tried to speak as much spanish as we could, which wasn't very much at first. We took little cheat sheets with us, and learned a new phrase everday, the locals loved it. I was so impressed with the cleanliness of this resort, they are always working so hard to keep it perfect. The Pools were fantastic, everybody's favorite spot is the pool bar, the kids would order pina coladas por favor of course, then rush up to the Home Rum for their afternoon fix of nachos. The food was good, we managed to get into the Grill Restaurant and the Mexican (where I was surprised for my birthday with singer waiters and a birthday cake) A little tip, if you are not able to get reservations for your restaurant of choice, you may still get in. (we found this out near the end of our trip unfortunately) Alot of times people make thier reservations and then not show up. Try going around 7:30 if they have empty tables they will let you in. The Buffets were good, they had so much selection, there was always something new to try. Even the pickiest eaters would have found something they liked. Loved the Mango and Pineapple. We met great people on this trip, Hey Ian and Michelle. This is an awsome place to go and relax, nothing crazy about it, unless of course you want it to be then just head over to the bar by the Theater and ask Metz for a tequila bom bom. Wassup! For those of you who have been there you know what I'm talking about. Tons of fun. We took lots of Canadian type trinkets for the staff, bottle openers for the bartenders, key chains etc. candy necklaces and pencils for their muchocho's this was very appreciated. For our maid we took shampoo, conditioner and body lotion. She was very happy, we left her a gift everyday on our pillows, be sure to write her a note that it is a gift. Make sure you take lots of one dollar bills for tipping they deserve it. The evening shows were entertaining. Lots of audience participation, they sometimes catch you off guard, you never know when you'll be asked to dance. Now for our favorite part of our vacation...The beach, what can I say it's incredible. The whitest sand, palm trees, clear water. Take boogie boards for your kids, great waves for them in the morning. We did some walking along the beach checking out the other resorts and I really think our beach was one of the nicest. Get up early for a spot under a Cabana though shade is hard to find by noon. For you future travellers be sure to try a Flemeco Special at the pool bar, yummy!! I would recommend this resort in a second to anyone planning a trip to the Dominican.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in Punta Cana Paradise at it's Finest!!! I had read all of the negative reviews for this hotel after we had already booked our trip and I became nervous. They had renovations over the winter and everything when we went was finished. I went the week of March 19th-March 26th and it was a fabulous vacation. I went to Punta Cana last year and stayed at the Pallidium Bavaro and Grand Flamenco was just as nice if not better. The beach at this resort is so huge and so well maintained. All of the restaurants where excellent. You have to remember that the food there is different that in America or anywhere else. Not all of there food tastes good, but they have a large variety in which you can find plenty to eat. All of there restaurants that required a reservation were fantastic. If you get a chance, reserve a night meal at the oriental restaurant, it was so good. Our trip got off to an amazing start. When we checked into the hotel, Julio at the front desk gave me a number to call and to ask for him 24 hours a day/ 7 days a week if we needed anything. That right there already relaxed us for our vacation. I would like to complement there entire staff on being so helpful. It is amazing how much english they can speak compared to last year. There entire front desk staff new english and there bartenders in the lobby are AWESOME. My girlfriends parents had a problem with there roof in there hotel room had two small leaks when it rained one day, so we called Julio and he got them a new room which was larger within ten minutes and it was just across the hall from there old room. I have ZERO complaints for this hotel and there staff. It is a resort worth staying at. Tip your Bartenders, your cleaning lady. One dollar to them is a lot. You don't need to tip much, but they appreciate it. I learned down there that if you have fun with the bartenders and staff, then they had a blast with you. Many memories where had at this resort. The shows at night are a good time, they have the BEST night club/disco in Punta Cana, the best beach, the best staff........ If you don't believe me, just go there and you will see.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Shopping Nearby We returned from the Grand Flamenco on Mar 28, 2004 and we had an absolutely great time! Let me give you some tips to keep it that way for you.(1) For shopping, you will be told to take a short walk to the main road and turn right to a market of small shops selling the usual tourist stuff. Be prepared to bargain - offer them half of what they say. For example, a small bottle of Brugal rum is $7 US. I got it for less than $2 US in nearby La Romana.Take and use $US. They favour $US over pesos. The peso price is always more than the converted US $ price. Watch out for credit card charges too. For example, the agreed price of $30 US changes when you pay with a credit card. They convert to pesos but they don't use the bank exchange rate of 42 pesos/ $1 US. Instead they converted using 55 pesos then added a surprise 5% for VISA.Try the shops ACROSS THE STREET from the hotel. It must drive them crazy watching customers go to the market and pass them by!A very friendly blonde lady at the TropiCall internet cafe, across the street, gave us a great rate of $2 US for 30 minutes internet access. The hotel charges $7 US for 30 minutes.(2) Tours from the hotel are pricey. However, we found a reasonable 1/2 day tour from Pietro Tours at $25 US. Great way to see the countryside, Altos de Chavon and get some bargains. Go to the Tour office next to the disco. (3) We purchased an upgrade package for a massage and a fruit/rum basket from our tour company. If you do so, YOU must tell the hotel as they will not know anything about the upgrade.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tracyg1971
<Content>Hola Amigos My fiance and I travelled to the Grand Flamenco form March 7-14th. We had an amazing time!! This place is absolute paradise!! I would go again in a heart beat!! It was my fiance's first Hot Holiday and he had no idea what to expect. He was completely blown away.I have been to Mazatlan, Cancun, Varadero and Cayo Largo in Cuba. So, I have seen a few beaches and this one definitely rates as my favorite. You can walk the beach forever both ways in the soft white sand and end up having to turn around. If you walk for about 20 minutes to your right you will come upon some shops where you will find very friendly locals. They are not overly pushy and greet you with a big Hola and ask you what language you speak to communicate. They speak in Spanish and a little French and English. Once you look in one shop the others will be waiting to bring you into their shop. To be fair and not hurt any feelings you have to look in all the shops even if you don't buy. Everything is Cheapy Cheapy or so they say. You can find beautiful jewellery made out of Latimer, a turquoise blue stone found in the mountains, statues made out of some type of rock ( I have forgotten what it's called-Lava Rock?), wooden statues, cigars, Barcala Rum, pottery, beautiful Oil paintings, and all your regular tourist stuff. We shopped with US dollars but you can convert your money at the hotel lobby into Dominican Pesos (it varied between 45-55 pesos for $1 US dollar), the banks in town were slightly higher. Once you find what you want to buy they will punch a price into the calculator. Of course higher than what you would be prepared to pay. Keeping in mind this is their way of living so I would never under pay. I wouldn't over pay either but you know what I mean. If you aren't happy with the price just let them know that you will look around and come back. They won't let you leave so you end up getting a good deal. We discovered in behind the shops on the beach is a little village with a ton of shopping. If you want to check it out you would be more comfortable to wear shoes and shorts.Now, if you walk down the beach to the left of the hotel (towards The Tropical Princess and Riu Hotels) for about a half an hour you will find more shops with alot of the same. This spot has about 7 stray dogs (and I'm sure more) that myself and some of the other tourists adopted for a week. The first day we discovered them we didn't have anything for them. But, the next couple of days we made a point of taking them food and water. My heart was wrenching for them because it appears that the locals really don't provide for them. I had a plastic container that I poured bottled water into and brought left over food from the buffet in a napkin. If you are a dog lover please take a plastic container and do the same. It is very very hot and the dogs lapped up bottle after bottle of fresh water. The next time I go I am going to take a big bag of dog biscuits.The resort was very spacious and beautiful. Don't be disappointed if you don't get an Oceanview room. We went with the hopes that we would get and Oceanview and we ended up with a Main Floor room facing a bunch of palm trees (garden view) and a jogging path. We talked to people that had an Oceanview room, they said it was gorgeous but could be noisy at night. One couple said they were woken by a group of young people swimming at 3:00 am. (Go to it!!). Plus, it usually rains every single night and the storms could keep you up. The only thing waking us up in the middle of the night was some drunk guy screaming down the hall for his friend YETZEL!!!! But, we found out after the fact that if you do want an Oceanview you have to do a little extra work. Either by waiting a few extra hours at check in or paying a little extra cash.If you want a good spot on the beach with a straw hut you have to get up very early (at least 6:00 am) and reserve it with your towel. Our first day we walked down to the beach around 9:30 and discovered that all the huts were occupied. You never have to worry about getting a lounging chair though. They have hundreds of chairs on the beach and lot's of beach area to occupy all those bodies. But, if you want a hut for some shade you need to get out of bed early. My fiance would get up at around 6:00 and take our towels and books down to get a spot and then go back to bed for an hour or so. What a good guy!!!If you prefer a swimming pool or want a break from the beach you never ever have to worry about reserving a spot there. The pools are huge and have lot's of straw huts and chairs. The pool has a great swim up bar where you can get the pineapple drinks.The food was awesome everywhere you went. The buffet had so many varieties. You name it, fish, steak, chicken, lobster, all kinds of pasta, calamari, rice dishes, pizza (if we could only make it like that in Canada), fruit, desserts. The list goes on and on. Chefs were on site to prepare your food on the grill for breakfast, lunch and supper. The choices were truly endless and nothing was every really basic. I had absolutely no complaints about the Buffet at all. We rarely waited in line and if we did it was a matter of moments before getting in. We always tipped the servers that brought us drinks or cleaned the tables. They are such hard workers and are truly under paid. It honestly made their day to get a couple bucks handed to them. When you think about it you never walk out of Boston Pizza or The Keg without leaving a tip so why would this be any different?They have 7 restaurants, which all require reservations. It is true that you need to reserve as soon as you check in because they go fast. But, there are also other ways to get reservations. We had purchased the deluxe package and were supposed to get a fruit basket upon arrival. No big deal, it wasn't in our room when we checked in. So, one night before dinner we went and talked to Joaquim who works at the guest desk right beside the entrance and casino. We just wanted to let him know that we hadn't gotten our basket. He asked us if we had plans for dinner that night and gave us a reservation for the Mexican restaurant. The atmosphere was very lively. Guys running around with tequila poppers Ariba ariba ondelay ondelay and flaming fajitas. We tipped them well and ended up being able to walk in a couple of nights later without any reservation at all. I highly recommend it.The grand package also included a lobster and champagne dinner at the Steak House. Make sure you have a letter confirming this (you can get the letter from Joaquim at the guest desk) or the host at the door will give you a bit of a hard time. Once you present the letter you will have no problems. We enjoyed the lobster and I over heard a man say it was the best he had ever had. A couple we met said that his friends paid the host and waiters $5.00 each and got into the restaurant as many times as they wanted.Our room was very clean and we left money on the pillow for our maid everyday. We always had fresh towels and the water was always hot. Bring a card (Blockbuster, gym membership) to insert at the front door to keep the air and fridge running. Don't worry about jewellery or valuables because each room has a safe.This trip was an amazing experience and we want to go back again for two weeks. Hope you enjoy, I know you will!!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Unexpected Treasure  After the negative reviews, I also expected very little from this resort. Apparently the negative reports were written by people who think that everything should look, feel and taste like the US. WRONG! If you want the Ritz-Carlton and food to taste like home, then go to Florida.Everything that could go right did. We were two, over-45 single women who expected no attention or service according to the posted reviews. Our experience was exactly opposite. Everyone was attentive and friendly and we never felt pressured to tip, but did tip when we felt it was appropriate.Most of the food was very good. The buffet is huge and there is something for everyone. I had no trouble making a meal reservation. We ate at the Grill and it was very nice, but the buffet was more fun for food variety and people-watching. The main buffet had some long lines at times, but we tried the beach buffet one night and it was the same food and comparable to one of the sit down reservation restaurants. It was also more fun because we got to talk a lot with our server who was very friendly and attentive.The beach was beautiful as were the pools and grounds. I did not attend any of the shows as from our room in building 11, you could see and hear the show from the balcony. I never had a problem getting a beach chair, although I do agree it's rude to claim a chair at 8am and then not use that chair until after lunch. I wish there was a way any hotel anywhere could manage that problem.I will say that I am in the travel business and have been to resorts all over the world from 1 star to the top 1%. This resort delivers more than what was expected from it's rating and price. I would go back without any hesitation. As long as you treat the hotel staff with courtesy, you will have your needs attended to. Be demanding and treat them rudely, then you'll get what you deserve.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was OK My wife and I stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco from March 13, 2004 to March 20. We were there with a group of 30 other people for my friends' wedding. I must say that the resort itself is in great shape and is quite beautiful. The lobby and pools are very nice. The beach side was gorgeous. The rooms were always clean. But there a few things that really disturbed me. The fact that the staff cannot hardly speak english is annoying. Considering 75% of their clientele is probably english speaking, they need to do a better job at hiring people who at least understand the language. I don't know how many times I ordered something and it came back wrong. They are very nice people and I am an accomodating person but it just got to be frustrating. We also had a few problems with the hotel staff as they were not very accomodating when they gave us a room with no closet and safe. When we wanted to change rooms they couldn't make the transfer until the next day. So, we couldn't unpack for the first day and a half and had to walk around with our passports and money. A bit annoying to say the least. When we did finally make the room change, our toilet overflowed. We called maintenance right away but no one came until 45 minutes later!!! We also had a leak in our ceiling. After a huge rainfall one night, we got back to our room and noticed that our bed was drenched in water. I guess we had a bit of bad luck but nevertheless. As for the food, the buffet was adequate. Got a bit sick of the buffet after a few days because the menu didn't change too much. Went out to dinner 4 nights. 2 to the steak house, 1 Mexican and the Italian. The steak house and mexican restaurants were excellent but the italian restaurant was terrible. The wait staff was terrible as they screwed up half of our orders. The food didn't even come close to what we experience in Canada. Besides all this, the week was ok as we were with a large group which made it easier. The bar staff at the lobby was great. Nice and had fun with us. I wouldn't go back though. There's many other places I would like to visit. If this place changed a few things it would be ok. The language thing is the biggest.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jayflo
<Content>March Break Getaway! Lovely resort! As others, I was concerned with some negativity about this resort. However any doubts were quickly resolved once settled in. I will say an 11 pm arrival is not best if you have little children who may be hungry, everything pretty much it closed for food by 10 pm. We did fine hot dogs and hamburgers next to the outdoor ampi-theater. We stayed in Building 11 overlooking the main lagoon styled pool. Very enchanting after sunset. The food was great, we decided not even to book the restuarants and ate the buffet all week! Only tired of it the last day. Ate all the fresh fruit you could imagine and salads  all meats including raw oysters! No sickness in myslef, husband or 12 yr old! Sunny all day, except for 1 hr on 1 day, rained ritually at supper til about 9 pm. No problem as you were usually in your room recouping from the sun and getting ready for dinner during this period. Golf umbrellas are supplied in all rooms as well! Great animation staff - not pushy, just friendly and outgoing and extremely talented. I did tip, not because it was needed but because of the low pay these individuals receive for their dedicated work. I did bring my room keeper a bag of toiletries. We actually were so relaxed and enjoying our stay that we ended up becoming vacation club members! Anyone else out there join the VIP timeshare club??I'd love to see what anyone thinks about this..you always wonder if you did the right thing!! We did one tour Bavaro Runners - Jeep Safari style, nice day, I found it a bit overpriced, but they do trek you into the back country, sugar cane fields, tour guide, jeep driver, ranch for horseback stroll(20 min)  lunch buffet 187.50 US for 2 adults and 1 12 yr old. No complaints here. In a torential rain storm my original room roof leaked, within 30 minutes at my request I was given a new room. As long as you speak up, your needs will be meet! Enjoy your trip - it's a great place to getaway, definately don't waste any money on a 5 star.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hola! Paradise!! Our seven day Apple Vacation at the Flamenco was simply fantastic. We were there from 3/10 to 3/17/04 and of course, the vacation ended much too soon. This was our first time visiting the DR and certainly not our last. I'll be brief in my report and say: The food great variety of food was fresh and in plentiful supply. If you don't like the food than you have a real eating disorder. The beautiful beach and the large pools were pristine with plenty of sun to catch a great tan and relax the day away. The rooms were large, clean, and stocked daily with your favorite beverage. We did tip our maid two bucks a day along with some Cracker Jack snacks. Remember a tip goes along way in service and helping the workers out with their income. The money is greatly appreciated from the friendly employees. We took a couple of excursions while at the resort and both were all about having fun. The Outback Safari was a full day and the Marinarium Snorkling boat trip was a half day. Both trips were a blast and a highly educating experience about the Country, it's long history and the Marine life. We attended the nightly shows and enjoyed the Merange stage band, the dancers and the performers. They enjoyed what they were doing and were very professional and fun loving. As you see we had no problems what so ever and recommend a trip to the Flamenco. Great times will be had by all!! EnjoyOsta La Viesta Baby!!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great stay!! My boyfriend and I spent a week at the Occidental. We are in our mid 20s and were looking to have a good time away from the cold weather. We had stayed at the Flamenco in the Riviera Maya and were familiar with the chain of hotels. We had an amazing trip. We werent too sure what to expect at first, but from all our previous trips to the Caribbean we learn not to fully guide ourselves by all the reviews, but to judge for ourselves. Our unit was in Bldg 24 on the top floor. Very nice unit. We had no problems making reservations for the restaurants. I would make reservations under my name then go back and make a couple of more under my boyfriends name, that way we had all our reservations done for the week. We went on a Sanoa Island tour the second day and I highly recommend it. The Private beach is absolutely beautiful. We really enjoyed the drinking games.... lol. The only dissapointment is that we were supposed to snorkle but didn't get to do too much of that as we were in deep waters. If you wanna do some snorkling I would recommend you bring your own snorkling gear.(you don't want to try their used gear) On this tour we met a two other Canadian couples our age, who we spent most of the week with. Chairs at the pool were not hard to find later on the day, but reserve chairs at the beach in the shade ahead of time. The nightclub was good, with two different rooms. The waitress gave us a tip as we were ordering so many rum and cokes....she offered to sell us a full bottle of Rum and a couple of bottles of coke so that we could mix our own drinks for next to nothing, as the drinks at the disco are not free. We spent $20US and shared it amongs 6ppl...we didn't even finish it. :P Overall we had an amazing stay.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Worry You'll Love it! Just returned from the Grand Flamenco on March 21st 2004, Don't worry you will have a great time! Perfect weather, Good food, Beautiful resort, Lots to do if you wanted to be active, or relaxing if you wanted to do nothing! It did rain almost every evening for about an hour, but it was usually during the dinner period, and for about ten minutes one afternoon, the rest of the time absolutly beautiful, always a nice breeze. The beach is wonderful, you can walk for about an hour and a half each direction, as this resort is situated in the middle of Bavaro beach. Shopping is not too bad, found things a little expensive, you can barter but it takes a while as they start extremley high and are very agressive. People were wonderful, very friendly always smiling and having fun. Relax and Enjoy your vacation!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ERROR It's Really A 5 Star. PARADISE. To all the people that left negative comments must be high on glue. Me and my girlfriend and another couple went and we had the time of our life. This is a 5 star in my eyes. So for all you people that are in there mid 20's that got girlfriends and want to have a fun time with people from all over the world this is the place to be. A TRUE *****   
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tennis and other aspects Having just returned from a one week stay, and having both benefited from and been amused by a few tips on this review site myself, thought I`d contribute a few comments. One reviewer had advised to leave tennis raquets at home as courts are covered with sand.... These happen to be clay courts, hence the sand! By all means bring your raquets, but make reservations promptly as court times disappear quickly, and it's no fun playing after 10am or before 4pm because of the heat. It's very hard to get reservations for any of the specialty restaurants, so do this as soon as you arrive. The alternative method seems to be to pay your way in with a bribe of several $U.S. Take your own beach towels as backups for those supplied and to be able to reserve chairs in the shade between 7 and 8am. It seems that advance tips work well to gain access to Hobicats on the beach; without a payment, availability seems to be somewhat restricted? This is a nicely landscaped and clean resort next to a beautiful beach and warm, inviting ocean. The people are mostly very pleasant and friendly. Outside the resort is nothing of interest nearby, except for a plaza of about 50 shops which all seem to sell the same goods for tourists. Shopping can be very exhausting with the constant barrage of pleas to look in my shop, etc. I gave up after buying only 3 t-shirts, which is a shame because I would have spent more money if I had received less attention. It's a great vacation place, and I didn't even have one cocktail! I'm surprised some people can even remember it after all the drinking they do.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>March Break Escape Just returned last evening from the Grand Flamenco Occidental. We too worried about the reviews we had read about this place. If you have already booked to stay there, relax and enjoy the anticipation of this holiday. The resort is large, well keep, and we were very happy with this holiday. The food was some of the best that we have had in an all-inclusive resort. The staff are friendly and politely struggle to understand their customers. You must remember that there are people visiting the Dominican Republic from all over the world, speaking a multitude of languages...you can't assume that all the staff speak all of these languages. Take the spanish lessons while you are there, and learn a little about this country and its people.There are lots to do....or NOT if you choose. We had a little rain each day, but the rooms were equipted with large beach umberellas. No problem!!We were there on March break and the resort was full full full......but didn't ever have to wait for service at a bar longer than 2 or 3 minutes.Our motto was.....where else do we have to be, we're on vacation. Leave your worries and your cell phones at home, and enjoy a really nice four star resort.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waow ! We (wife and 3 years old daughter? just returned from the Flamengo Punta Cana. The hotel was suggested by an operator, and shortly before we left, I checked the comments on the web about this hotel. At this time, most of tjem were negative and we were a little bit scared, BUT: we'll be back as soon as possible, maybe were we luckier than others, but it was a real pleasure to stay there. The resort is clean, well maintained, 95% of the employees were more than friendly, rooms are ok, big, and clean. Of course there will always be some people to complain about delays (what delay, we never waited more than 2/3 minutes, and unless you hire the resort for you alone, you will have to deal with the other people) or the food (sure that pizzas will not taste like in Italy, but are you going there to eat pizzas ?) Food was excellent and even if the overbooking of the thema restaurants is a real problem, the buffet is huge and food is different every day. We really had some good time and will defintaley go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation Spot We just returned from the Grand Flamenco on March5th/2004.... First of all, shame on any of you people who gave this hotel a bad review!!We had already booked our trip before we read the reviews. Then when read them, we were so upset that we lost a couple of nights sleep, and those bad reviews took away all of the excitement of our trip!!! But we thought we would just have to make the best of it!! What a beautiful surprise when we got there!! The grounds were immaculate, the beach was world class, and the food was just terrific!! You might not like everything, but there is so much selection that your sure to find something you like.Dont worry if you cant get into the sitdown dinners. The buffet's are just as good, remember this is a third world country and they try very hard to please everyone.If you dont like this place,then go to New York or Paris and pay the price!!!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paul400
<Content>Good vacation Just came back from this resort. Was there March 5 through March 12. Weather was great, over 85 F and sunny. I have been to other places and the beach is good, but not as good as in Grand Cayman, Cancun or unspoiled beaches of Cazumel. The sand is not a bright color and the beach is on a slope. The water is not that calm as in above mentioned places. The resort in good, pretty and very clean. Not too many people speak English. The rooms should be updated a little bit. The safe in the room is too outdated. (They still use keys, and not magnetic cards). There was a little rust in the bathroom. The AC worked great. I stayed in the building 25 right by the beach. The food is good in parts , you have to pick and choose. Do not go to reservation restaurants therfood there is bad, especially in the new Oriental one. Too salty and burned. For the most part the food in the buffets was very good. Over all, enjoyed my trip. Would I go back again? I do not know. I like to go to different places.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I have seen paradise... This resort is absolutely fantastic. The meals were great, hot, exotic and absolutely great. The entertainment was terrific. The bars were great. I had read a few writeups on this resort and I was totally pleased with everything.If you get a chance to do the horsebacking riding - (the 2-hour one) worth every US penny that i paid.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just relax ! You are on vacation in paradise! Myself and two friends (all female and under 25) just returned from the Flamenco after a one week stay from Feb.24 - Mar.2nd. We were stunned with the beautiful surroundings, the immaculate grounds and the paradise-like setting. The beach, the pool, everything is breathtaking! We were in a lovely 3rd floor room (with a huge vaulted wood celiling) in Building 10 - close to the main building, the restaurants and the main buffet but a bit of a hike to the beach. We didn't mind the walk though, great exercise and a nice way to meet people as we walked. And what's the rush??? We are on vacation - who's in a hurry. Keep in mind, if you don't want to walk up 3 large levels of stairs, you might wish to ask for a ground floor room as there are no elevators.The staff are all very friendly, especially the bartenders who are in short supply and high demand. Watch out ladies though if you are not with a gentleman by your side you will be accosted by compliments and sly smiles! As three young women, we had no problem getting a beverage quickly at any bar! :) The buffet had lots of variety, just make sure they cook all of your meat on the grill to well-done.... I had lobster twice and only once was it cooked all the way through. Same advice for the hamburgers at the Home Rum snack bar, pink meat is a little disconcerning but if you ask for it to be cooked MUCHO they will be happy to do it for you. You won't go hungry at this resort and the fruit is incredible. The beach buffet is amazing. Don't get too excited about the restaurants.... virtually impossible to get reservations at anyways(we arrived Tuesday and couldn't get a reservation until Sunday) but a nice dining experience none the less. The italian is GREAT - try the pasta vongole (seafood)- tres delicious!Swim up bar also serves any drink you want in a pineapple after 3 pm daily for happy hour which really makes you feel like you are on vacation.Nothing is ever perfect I realize - sure the bathroom floor had some mold, it takes a little bit of time to get things you request (i.e. an extra cot) and you might run into someone rude now and then (i.e. Zoran at Customer Service) but overall it is an excellent experience and I would recommend this resort to anyone who would ask. Don't pay any attention to some of those horrible reviews that are out there - this place is great. Leave your stress and issues at home and greet this place with a relaxed mindset and you will do just fine.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation I stayed at the Grand Flamenco Punta Cana from February 26 to March 4. My co-travellers were my 12 month old daughter, my husband, and my parents. The food was pretty good. My parents thought it was fabulous. I'm a picky eater, so I wasn't quite as thrilled, but I was definitely satisfied. I loved the breakfast. I think I gained 5 pounds, so I must have enjoyed it enough! We were in building 25 near the kids pool and playground. The room was clean and well maintained. My parents were in 13 and had a beautiful view of the ocean but they were up all night when it stormed. We didn't even know it was raining in our room. The grounds were beautiful and the ocean breathtaking. My daughter loved the beach. The staff were so friendly and gave her lots of attention. Being 12 months old, she's a real ham. I was apprehensive about travelling with a baby, but they were very accomodating and helpful. We weren't able to make a reservation at a restaurant because they were booked. We gave the host at the Italian restaurant a ten dollar tip and he found us a table, no problem. It was strange, because the place was practically empty. We loved the antipasto buffet at the Italian restaurant. My dad and my husband enjoyed their first day the best. The hung out at the swim up bar and met just about everyone. They drank too much and got sunburns. It took them two days to recover. My mom and I are a bit more low-key and enjoyed lying in our lawnchairs or the shopping. The plaza nearby was enjoyable. The sellers are agressive, but not as intimidating or pushy as the Mexicans were when we went to the Mayan Riviera a couple of years ago. Although we had a good time and I was satisfied with the resort, it was not as good as our trip to the Barcelo Maya at the Mayan Riviera in Mexico. We found the Grand Flamenco to be not as well organized. Some of the people we spoke to did not have a room when they arrived because of overbooking and were sent to another resort which they described as a dive. The service was uneven. Sometimes, we got the royal treatment, while other times, we were ignored and couldn't even get a glass of water. I found the line ups a bit frustrating because dinner was usually cold by the time I got to my seat. They didn't have enough high chairs, and dinner and the shows started too late. For younger families, and to cut down on the lineups, they should open the buffet at 5:30 or 6:00. But, these are all little things and we didn't complain much while we were there. Like everything, it's all in the attitude and we thoroughly enjoyed our vacation. I don't think I would go back to this very same resort, but if you've already booked, don't worry about a thing. You will probably have a ball! My dad said he'd go back or recommend it. It's only because I had been to the Barcelo Maya that I had something to compare it to and was a bit more critical. I think I'd try the Riu resort next time, as I've heard good things.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful! Read this for some some good tips! My boyfriend and I stayed here from Feb 20-27 and we thought that it was great! I think that people that found faults with this place have issues that go beyond the hotel. When we arrived in our room another couple entered 5 min. later (overbooked) and they were pretty ticked off about the mishap so we offered to switch rooms...No biggie!. We just ended up moving up a floor in the same building. The room was beautiful, clean with high ceilings. Tip: If you don't end up getting a king bed, just rotate the two beds sideways and ask the maid to make the bed that way...Voila! King size... works like a charm! We read the reviews and expected the hot water to run out, but it never did and we showered at different times each day. The beaches are immaculate, turqoise water, white sand...beautiful! I saw the beach at Sirenis and it wasn't as nice as here! The food was great...lots of selection at the buffet. I tried just about everything and didn't get sick...Tip 1: try to stick to the foods that come right from the grill if you are particular about food being hot...or else it might be lukewarm. Tip 2: Show up 5-10 minutes before 7pm for the dinner buffet. I would stand in line while my boyfriend would get us drinks. That way you never have to wait (sometimes the line gets ridiculous Tip 3: Sign up for a la carte restaurants RIGHT AFTER you sign in. They go fast. We were able to try 3 of them. The Oriental restaurant wasn't that great. It's traditional-type food when I was expecting chickenballs and fried rice. Steakhouse was amazing and the Italian was good as well. Tip 4: If you find you are waiting in line for the main buffet, try down by the beach because it's usually not as busy. My only complaint about this resort is that there isn't much to do at night. My boyfriend and I are in our mid 20's. The entertainment was OK...got old after the 3rd show. We never managed to stay up long enough to go to Mangu (the disco), because we were usually wiped from the sun and booze! Tip 1: Bring a larger plastic cup to tote around during the day to save you trips to the bar. Tip 2: Definately grab a pineapple drink from the swim-up bar in the afternoon! After dinner the night was pretty slow, but we made the best of it! The hotel staff was great! One front desk clerk went out of his way for us to check a DVD we had bought on an excursion. And speaking of the excursions...The Outback Safari was amazing...I loved it! The Kontiki Party Cruise is a blast! Sunset horsebackriding (not the free one provided by the hotel) is not really sunset, so in hindsight I would have just signed up for the free one and not wasted my money! Tip: If you need to make long distance phone calls purchase a Verizon phone card from the store at the hotel. The just pay the front desk $1US to us a lobby phone (I hear it's cheaper that way) To end this novel, it was great! I would go back and definately recommend it. Remember...you're on vacation, lay back and relax! Leave your attitudes at home!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J08N
<Content>a wonderful holiday Was in the Gran Flamenco from Feb 24,04 to March 2, 04 and found the entire experience wonderful-the rooms, weather food and staff. be sure to bring alond small treats and toys for the children who run after your tour busses-and be sure to go on the outback tour if you can handle 6 hours on the back of a truck on bad roads. You will go to a cave, see home in the country and realize just how lucky you are when you witness the living conditions. There is a beach to visit, very primitive coffee and cocoa growing operation-it was mind boggling. We brought lots of pencils, crayons, erasers, little girl hair things, wrapped candies, shampoo and so n from the dollar stores to give as souvenirs to staff, children following tours etc. and wished we had more. Not all staff are fluent in English, but most are bilingual. May want to practise a little Spanish before heading out. It is always possible to make yourself understood. And respect for the people who live and work at the resort goes a long way toward having a great trip instead of a good one. US dollars get you extra towels, sure, but they are also a way to assuage the guilt you will feel when you hear that in DR the average monthly wage is under $200 US, which is considered middle class and the pay of, say nurses.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent facility What a great resort. This was our first visit to the Dominican and we had a wonderful time. The rooms were neat and clean. The staff were courteous and gracious and best of all entertaining and fun. The beach was awesome! The food was good, the assortment of food on the buffet was amazing. We also ate at 3 of the finer dining places and they were good. The pool was relaxing and fun. The grounds were very well kept. If you are considering this resort, we would highly recommend it, you won't be disappointed! After reading some of the reviews of people who did not rate this facility excellent, we were curious about their comments. I still wonder if they stayed at the same place we did.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't win them all ! Three sisters vacationed from Feb.14-Feb. 29/04, we had read the reviews and had taken our concerns to our travel agent who said they were non founded, well we found out differnet. We arrived at 11:15 p.m. on Feb.14 and were shown to our room, we paid for a double room with two double beds (there were three of us) and our room had one single bed in it! It finally took a major hissy fit at 2:30 am before they finally gave us a room that had two single beds in it. they claimed they wer over booked and thier English was very poor that night. Two days later we finally got a cot that we ordered the first night, ( we took turns sitting up the first night). We went without water 6 days out of our 14 there, this is not acceptable, our toilet was broken and they told us it would be fixed, it never did get fixed. The smell of sewer throughout the resort on several days was sickiening and then the second week must have been burn the garbage week that was from 7 am to 8 pm, great dinner ambiance! The food was great, but don't eat the beef  pork, they prepare it mostly raw, but that is thier way. food presentation was great!  Two tours we took were AWSOME ! The monster trucks and Saona Island by catamaran, these are a MUST !! The guides, Milton and Emmerson are the best and thier English is perfect! Swimming with the dolphins at Manati Park was a disapointment, 10 mins. with the dolphins in a pool and they avoid you looking for food from the trainers, nice but not great. There are NO postings of schedules, events or anything on the resort to let you know what is going on or what they have or offer, listen to others talking to dind these out! (The tennis court is hidden behind the Spa). The spa treatments were wonderful, they really go all out there. The nightly entertainment was pretty good too, they do work hard and are very talented. The beach was AWSOME, the only downfall was the exausht and gasoline fumes were so bad from all the boating that it made swimming not a pleasant thing. Parasailing was AWSOME, that's a must too. If you are over 40 and a plus size, do not go here looking for romance or to be included in any activities, the staff look for and cater to the young and beautiful. It didn't dissapoint us as we wern't looking for it but we heard many comments by singles and it was very apparent. All in all, we were disapointed but enjoyed the two weeks in the sun, we will try Cuba or Jamica next year. this trip was # 7 to the Dominican for one of us three and it was not a good experience this time. Can't win them all.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding paradise We spent Presidents Week (Feb.17-24/04) at this hotel and it was a fabulous stay. We were a family of 10 people (8adults  2 children). We had reservations through a consolidator for 4 rooms. Unfortunately, there was a mix up (don't know whose to blame since fingers pointed in all directions) but the hotel reception staff was willing to work with us and for the first 3 days of our stay, put us up at the V.I.P. Royal Club. We had 2 huge suites with all V.I.P. amenities. The hotel reception offered to let us stay at the private club the entire vacation, however it was still a bit tight for all of us in two suites. Plus, the reception staff at the Royal Club had snippy attitudes and we didn't feel welcome there. So, after much negotiation, reception was able to accommodate us into 4 separate rooms in the main resort section. We ended up in building 24. It was perfectly nestled close to the white sand beach, beach restaurant, one of the 3 pools and close proximity to the buffet restaurant  show arena. Notice that I still rate this resort as TOP NOTCH. Everyone was very accommodating except for the reception staff at the Royal Club (name will remain anyonm). The food at the buffet was EXCELLENT. There was plenty of variety, that we didn't even feel the need to eat at the restaurants. Every morning you are greeted at the buffet with Mimosa's for breakfast. As much lobster, shrimp, steak, pork, chicken, veggies galore you can eat..not to mention the delicious, nicely prepared desserts. Everything was fresh  delicious. If someone can't find a morsel to eat here, then there is something wrong with their palate. The rooms were spic-n-span cleaned every day. If you leave a 1 USD tip for the maid, she will bring you extra towels, if you leave a $2 USD tip daily, she will form exquisite looking designs complete with flora petals, out of the towels and leave behind sweets. Simply beautiful. Tipping goes a long way here at this resort. You don't have to overdo it. Just realize that these employees make approx. 120.00 USD a month in wages and any $$ is appreciated. The staff is all very friendly (except for those working at the VIP Royal Club Reception). Many speak broken English. See the bartender, Francesco in the lobby bar. He makes wicked and delicious Frozen Margaritas. He adds just the right volume of alcohol  lime juice. There is a small gambling casino in the lobby to wet the small time gamblers appetite (.25cents machines or lower denomination). The weather was superb. Blue skies every day. It only rained 2x in the evening. Not lasting long, maybe 10-15 minutes. No humidity. The beach is white sand as far as you can see, clean and without peddlers. The water sports will cost you for glass bottom boat ride or snorkeling. But the costs are not expensive. We wanted to try parasailing but the winds kicked up so that was out of the question. Did snorkel and it was GREAT! They take you out about 10 minute ride from the resort into open waters around a coral reef surrounded with fish. Not too many fish variety like in St. Croix but still was fun. Suggest you bring your own towels so that you can reserve chairs  a palapa on the beach early in the morning. Go before breakfast, drape your towels across the chairs under a palapa, that will reserve it for you. Just make sure you keep something on the chairs on the beach or pool area at all times because someone will snatch it up while your back is turned. There are lots of Canadian, French, Italian and even some American tourists at this resort. Everyone of them are friendly and easygoing, except for the French. They are too good to speak to anyone else but themselves. Cielavie...That's life for the French. I found the French tourists to be pretty rude and ill-mannered. I've been to plenty of Carribean island resorts and this is by the far best resort I have been to. The rooms are very large by Carribbean standards, the food was excellent, the activities  shows A+. I had read all the reviews before we left for the resort and frankly, I don't know what they are comparing their stays to. This Place Rates an A+ with me and my family and we will be back for sure.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised after reading reviews! we just returned from a week holiday Feb.20-27, 2004 at this hotel and I was pleasantly surprised after reading the reviews before leaving. Visited Puerto Plata last yr. and the beach here is SO much nicer and loved that no vendors allowed! Loved-clean rooms and property, friendly staff, beach, and cerveza and pina coladas..Things I'd change- people smoke cigarettes and cigars wherever, whenever...only 1 location for towel pick-up. Things to know-told of dress code but really only enforced at the italian restaurant, the comb provided in bathroom works to activate a/c on wall, make reservations right away but a tip at door make get you in or eat pizza or tacos at outside tables of restaurants. Chat with other tourists to find out any info that might come in handy. Doesn't hurt to hear others experiences! All in all, very relaxing, after a full day in sun and swimming in pool we were ready for early bedtime. Miss the sun and beach already!! Would go back to dominican again next year!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful: You gotta go there!!! We just came back from our 1 week trip to Grand Flamenco. We have been charmed by this georgous hotel. Food was EXCELLENT, people are so nice, many facilities, great discotheque.., and the weather is always great at Punta Cana!!! I honestly don't understand why some people are complaining about the food??? There is so many options so if there is nothing you like there......you may have a problem!It's my second trip to this destination and I prefered by far this hotel to the previous one which was a 4.5 as well. I strongly recommand this place no matter if you are a couple or a family.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a fabulous vacation! We arrived at the hotel with numerous bad reviews in our head so we were pleasantly surprised when we discovered they were unwarrented. I could not fine one thing wrong with this resort. The food was good and plentiful. The first night we ate at the beach restaurant it was great. They served champagne and orange juice for breakfast every morning, how great is that. The loby was huge with numberous sitting areas perfect for cocktales before dinner. We were able to get reservation at the Mexican and Italian restaurants the meals were very good. There are several refreshment stations on the beach that are self serve they include ice, water, regular and diet coke, soda water and ice cold beer. The two hour sunset horseback ride was great you rode the horses along the beach. The rooms were equipped with hair dryers irons and ironing board and an unbrella which we did need one day. The planters on the balcony are lush with plants and flowers and well taken care of. The resort was well landscaped with waterfalls and ponds. All and all we had a great time.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Resort We were thrilled with our vacation at this resort from Feb 19-26. We stayed in buidling 26 and it was in the best location, close to the beach bar/restarant. It seems they have implemented a Quality Program at the resort and we were quite impressed with the service. We had purchased the Grand Package with our package, which provided us with a few extras such as massages, rum, robes, etc. We ate at all the resaurants and liked our experience at each of them. We tried the newly opened oriental restaurant, which was a nice atmosphere and we were able to grill our food at our table. We also found the food taste, variety and presentation very good and the desserts were absolutely great. On our last night, there was a Gala at the buffet, which offered champagne and a rose for every lady, musicians and some had extra food items. The Fun Club people were very hard working in providing entertainment from the morning arobics to the great nightly entertainment, which were mainly dancing and signing performers with great costumes. To summarize, we would go back to this resort!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>better than cancun, acapulco, jamaica Only 2 complaints, the coffee was not good (bring your own), and we didn't stay long enough. WE LOVED IT! This resort is for those who need to relax and unwind. The beach has not been destroyed by tourists yet, you can do almost every watersport there is, the people there are very friendly and helpful (they don't know English very well but we are in their country!) The food is very good for an all inclusive. They have several restaurants, but the buffet is by far the best. One very good thing. NO ONE BOTHERS YOU ON THE BEACH! This is a big one for me. Yes, if you go to the plaza (walking distance tourist/trinket market) you will be bombarded. Also there are timeshare people floating around, don't get sucked in! (we were only approached by one) The weather there is wonderful! it rains almost every day for 5-10 minutes, but it is NOT HUMID. We went to Acapulco right after this trip  boy what a difference. I wanted to be back in the Dominican Republic. One small thing, one hand doesn't know what the other is doing here...a lot of the employees are unclear about a lot of things, but they are nice about it. Tips get you very far here as well. There is NOTHING to do there except eat, do water sports  enjoy the weather...and that's great! Oh and skip the spa...not worth it.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! My wife and I had a fabulous week at the Grand Flamenco last month. After reading some of the reviews, including some of the negative reviews, I must counter with the following. First, the room was spacious, beautiful, and clean! The food at the buffet was just wonderful - amazing variety, interesting local dishes, plus everything 'normal'! The various restaurants were excellent - and we had no trouble making reservations. Our final night there we ate at the 'Gourmet' restaurant - no menu, just an elegant dinner of lobster, filet mignon, etc! Fantastic! The entertainment - wow! They have a great 7 piece live band playing every night - and the singers, dancers, costumes, scenery, lighting, etc - totally professional and excellently performed. A different show every night! The grounds - gorgeous - immaculate! Make friends with Javier and Franklin at the swim-up bar! Bring dollar bills - a little tip goes a long way! Staff was friendly and eager to please. We would recommend this beautiful place to all our friends - and we hope to return. Oh yes - the whole all inclusive thing is such a bargain - we are leaving our time share go unused!  Ralph and Lois Wilder  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Vacation My husband and I just returned from a weeks vacation at the Grand Flamenco and absolutely loved it. It was the most relaxing vacation we have ever been on. We traveled with Apple vacations and would recommend a charter trip as their representative, Juan, was extremely helpful. The resort was beautiful, very well maintained, rooms were large( We were in building 11 on the third floor which had a cathedral ceiling with plenty of storage), and the food was great. I am not sure what others complained about as the variety of food was outstanding. We never had to wait in very long lines at all no matter what time we ate. The secret to not having cold food from the buffet when you get to the table is to get all of your other foods like fruit, bread and other cold foods first and then get in line for the items that are cooked continuously. There was a lobster buffet one night which was to die for. The lobster was superb and the shrimp was so delicious. I do recommend making reservations for the specialty restaurants when you first get there as it fills up fast. They had just opened a new Oriental restaurant which takes the place of the EL Cortico. This restaurant is part of the all inclusive package and was very good. The Italian was our favorite and we wished we would have been more hungry as the antipasto bar was wonderful. We ate at all of the restaurants except for the Grill Steakhouse. If you are basically a meat eater, you may not enjoy the food as the meat is different and not always flavorful. Luckily we love seafood and found plenty of that. The seafood pizza at the Pizza place was excellent( I really was not sure that I would like it as I usually like just the tradional type but it was very tasty) The chicken dishes they had at various places were also very good. If you love macaroons, they have the best ones I have ever tasted. Of course the fruit was abundant and fresh and sooo tasty. I also had something called Yucca many times and although I am not sure what it was made from, it was delicious. And the Paella with the seafood found at the buffets was outstanding and I ate that often. I took other peoples advice and never ate the salads and never had a problem with getting sick. I found the Vino Blanco a good wine but the red wine was not very good. The Bahama Mamas and Margaritas were my favorite drinks and my husband loved the Rum and Coke.  The workers there were very willing to please, always smiling and saying HOLA and although they may not get what you want right away, you do get it. Our maid Celcilia was friendly, always smiling and willing to help. She left flowers in the bathroom on a daily basis.Every day I would write her a little note using my broken Spanish and things that we asked for, we got. We did leave her a small tip or gifts like lotion, makeup, hair things, etc. which I purchased at the Dollar Store daily as she does work hard for so very little. Relax and be patient, after all you are there for a vacation, so enjoy it. As our tour guide Elvis said  There are 2 times here in the Dominican- !0 minutes in American time is 10 minutes but 10 minutes in Dominican time could be up to 1/2 hour We took a tour of LaRomana and Altre Du Chevron, visited a cigar factory, did some shopping, took a boat ride on the Chevron River and had lunch on the boat, visited a ampitheatre with beautiful architecture and learned alot about the Dominican culture and life from Elvis while riding on the bus. Others took the Outback tour and said it was great.  Now to the beach- the sand was sooo soft and white and the water was so bluish green and beautiful. The weather was great most of the time but it can be quite breezy at the beach sometimes. We never had a problem finding a chair but if you want ones in the shade you will have to reserve it early in the day.  It was a fantastic, extremely relaxing vacation in a beautiful resort and would definitely return in the future.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel!!! i went for a week to this hotel, and i have read all the reviews and they were pretty accurate...the place is wonderfull , really big, food is amazing, the night shows are not superb but they are cute...there is even the main shopping plaza wich is a 5 min walk from the hotel...honnestly the best room block to stay in is 26...it is next to the pool and beatch, bar and beach buffet, also it is very quiet.....VERY LONG LINE-UPS FOR BUFFET DINNERS....!!!! but hey beat the people and go eat before or after rush hour for morning, noon and night....this hotel has really everything thing you may need...it is a great coupes place but also wonderful for children....i would go back in a heart beat.....  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm concerned about bringing my 5yr old daughter I'm planning a trip next week with my husbans and our 5 years old daughter, sincerely I wish I haven't made the reservation at this hotel after reading all the negatives comments from the people. I'm glad I'll be there 7 days instead of 14 like my husband wanted, we are used to travel to different area mexico, cuba florida puerto plata even went to china, but I'm afraid about the food for my family. Also we like to go to bed early.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! I have just come back from the resort and I thought it was excellent. The staff were very polite and they work very long hours for very little money so it has disturbed me a little to read some of the reviews in here which put these people down. The food was very good and the beach was fantastic I never wanted to leave and would go back in a heart beat.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation Just returned on 2/21/04 from a week's vacation. It's a very nice vacation property - excellent food, very clean, beautiful beach  pools, huge well-appointed rooms, friendly staff, plenty to do, etc. We found only minor problems - the line to get into the buffet dining at night, there seems to be no one in charge of the dining room; the thing to do is go around 7:45 or 8:45  there won't be much of a line - you have to get down to the beach early, before 8am to get a lounge in the shade. - the entertainment, we never knew what the program would be but I'm sure it was posted somewhere, we just didn't look too hard.We had a 3rd floor room in #23, a very good location, with a continually stocked mini-bar, cathedral ceiling, plenty of towels, etc.; just make friends with the housekeeper the 1st day! The food at the buffets, etc was exceptional in quality  variety, in fact we thought it was better than the specialty restaurants we went to - Italian  Grill, but everyone said the Mexican was excellent. We never even tried the taco  pizza spots, the buffets were so completely satisfying.There's plenty to do  a shopping plaza is only about 1-2 minutes outside the main entrance; there's also some huts along the beach selling mostly the same items, just be prepared to bargain, don't be embarrassed to offer what you think is a fair price; American dollars are very welcome, we never needed any Dominican pesos at all.The week we were there the hotel was probably at near capacity but everything ran very smoothly; remember to have a little patience, go with the flow  you'll usually have a great time anywhere. I would recommend this hotel to anyone  i would probably return. Any questions, please e-mail me!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All cash, All-inclusive costs me an additional $800 for activities For a hotel in the service industry, the service and the food were the worst part of this excursion. The DR people are friendly but not overly helpful. The beauty of the Carribbean is indeniable, the sand, the water, the sky and the weather are breathtaking. That being said, the food sucked mostly because when we arrived they had no reservations available at any restaurants. None! When I screamed at the women she just smiled and went on to the next person. The buffet is a hodge-podge of unsightly, bland gastric challenges. The food is hot if you get in to the buffet when it opens after that you are on your own. I had heard many people were sick from the seafood, the salads and the pork. Be careful what you eat!! Chicken was undercooked, as was the pork and some of the fish. My room was average but we did have some sewer flies in our room. When I wanted my bags picked up for checkout they said in five minutes but a half hour went by and after 3 phone calls later (and more screaming) someone arrived. The employees must be used to it because no matter how much I complained they couldn't care less. If that happened in an American hotel they would be out of a job, pronto. There is no waiter service around the beach or the pool and the drinks are served in plastic cups from Costco, that were like being at a company picnic. Two bartenders were crazy rushing to serve 50 people at the bar before dinner. You would think there would be some cheap labor available willing to help keep the customer happy. the tennis court is all sand, leave your racket at home!! Tipping is insignificant, save your money for someone who really appreciates helping you because it doesn't change how theywork. Very apathetic, maybe resentful of your money are many of the employees. Most are friendly and pleasant. Get to the beach early to find some chairs in the shade (by 7 am) and by 8:30 to find any chairs! They want all cash, Nobody take a credit card. The entertainment was weak and the cost of the activities for four people included one day, a one hour horseback ride ($80) (half an hour to get there), one 15 minute para sail ($360) and one day snorkeling for an hour ($80), a few small banana boat rides ($64) a few tips, a head braided ($45) and my all-inclusive cost me over $800 extra!!!! Definately NOT Priceless!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>this place is beautiful!! i hope everyone who reads this will ignore the majority of the negative reviews that worried me before i left for my trip. i went to the grand flamenco with my boyfriend from feb.12-16 and we had an amazing time. we are both 25 years old, who have traveled to nice hotels previous to this trip. as soon as we arrived at the resort we were amazed at the beautiful and spacious lobby area. the staff was very friendly and spoke english, which was a big help. we waited only five minutes for our room keys and the luggage was delivered about ten minutes later. the room was in a perfect location. i highly recommend building 24. you are practically on the beach. we had the second floor but were lucky enough to be on the end, so we had high ceilings and a bigger balcony. the view was gorgeous of the pool with palm trees and flowers everywhere. it doesnt really matter what building you are in, the whole resort is just beautiful. its a short walk to all the bars/buffet/restaurants/club, ect. for breakfast everyday we ate at the the main buffet which was ok. we had eggs, toast, ect. it wasnt great, but we could have cared less. we were in a hurry to get to the beach anyway. for lunch we ate at the beach buffet which was really good. there is so much to choose from. for dinner we ate at the reservation restaurants and the pizza place, (which is outside seating and beautiful). the pizza was actually really good to my surprise. i am a big pizza critic, and i really liked it. the italian restaurant was my favorite. it was so good. again i am a very picky eater and i thought it was excellent. get the seafood pasta!! it is hard to get reservations at times, but if they say they are full you just argue with them a little and you will get reservations. i was sooo worried about getting sick, but i was perfectly fine with no medicine at all. i didnt eat any salad or raw vegatables though, because of what i had heard. i'm sure they were fine though, i saw plenty of people eating them. we went to the club most nights which was really fun. they play a whole mix of music; rap, dance, spanish, 80's. it gets crowded around 12:30-1 so prepare for a late night. just make sure to get up early and spend as much time outside as you can. the weather is so perfect and the place is so gorgeous!! we also went horseback riding on the beach at sunset which was really cool. we commented everyday how wonderful this place was. please trust my opinion; i am pretty critical about things, and was completely satisfied with everything. i cant wait to go back!!!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation! I am really sad for the people with all the negative reviews...... it is unfortunate they can not enjoy themselves at such a beautiful resort.. I guess you really have to remember that YOU are the one in the foreign country. First I must say we did run into a few problems... but were very nicely accomodated for the mishaps. upon arrival, they were overbooked, we were sent to another resort(ALEGRO)free of charge for one night... sure it was inconvienent, but we did get to visit another resort. Got back early the next morning and immediately got into our room. Building 11... right in front of the Home Rum and pool... perfect location.. not far from anything(central). The food..... who can complain.... there is a little of EVERYTHING. (very good) we ate a 2 of the ala carte's,, the steakhouse and the mexican, both were VERY good.... ate at the steakhouse twice. BOOK EARLY!!!! Saved the best for last.... BEACH.. most beautiful white sand and crystal clear water..... man were me and my husband BEACH BUMS in every sense of the word..... We did the Saona Island tour.... it was very nice, got to see the country on the LONG drive the Bayhibe..... the speedboat and catamaran were very nice.... the Island is beautiful.... the food there was good. We snorkeled at the resort..... it was a BLAST.... we are not big snorkelers.... so that was a trip in itself..... tips:::: we did not see any major benefits with tipping the maid.... even brought her little gifts.... I asked for extra pillows twice... never got any. Finally got diet pop around the 3rd day..... nice flowers though. dont forget the immodium and pepto..... food is definately good, but some is a little different. HAVE A GREAT VACATION, RELAX AND HAVE FUN!!!!!!!!! any questions... feel free to e-mail  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Fun  We were at the Grand Flamenco from Feb.1-8 and had a GREAT time. I had read some reviews that made me doubtful of our choice but from the first moment to the last we were treated with friendly warm efficiency. The beach is beautiful, the pools were clean and the perfect temperature after sitting in the hot sun. We left a couple of dollars on our pillow every morning and the room was always clean with fresh flowers and towels. When you consider that this is a third world country and they don't even have refrigerators in their own homes, they do a great job of taking care of us spoiled people. We took the monster truck excursion...if the whiney people that complained in some of the reviews would have gone on that...maybe they would have been a little more understanding of the people and just how far they are going to make us more comfortable in our fancy hotels! The people live in squalor, yet are happy and singing their way way through their meanial chores. They have no electricity, running water, the kitchens are a seperate lean-to outside, the homes are the size of my living room and they all have out houses. Yet as you drive by you can see them sweeping their dirt floors, hanging their laundry out to dry and walking home from the store with the days supply of food in a basket on their head. The children smile and wave as we drive by, some of them with no clothes. We visited a school, education is the only hope out of the poverty (just like anywhere). The children were so sweet but begging for money of course. If you do go on the excursion, take a lot of singles to give to the children. $1 goes a very long way for them. Also, ask for Jose Lito for your tour guide, he speaks the best English and was a lot of fun. All in all it was a fantastic stay in Punta Cana, the hotel was great, the food was good (after all it wasn't a cruise). I took a Pepto Bismol tablet every morning for a week before we left and continued to do so while there and had no problems with the food. Don't be afraid of the shops just outside of the resort, bartering was fun and the people are very friendly. I would go back in a heart beat, and I would stay at the Grand Flamenco!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Third visit in Punta Cana, Relax and take it easy This is my third visit at Punta cana, and stayed at this great hotel for the first time from Feb 5 to the 13, 2004. This hotel is a place were you can go and unwind and take life easy..No Problemo.... WE ARE ON VACATION .. NO STRESS.... The Beach is WOW.... and the water very warm. The weather was GREAT.. The employees ( Dominican people ) are beautilful and very friendly and easy going. Most of the employees speak minimal french and or english, but enough to communicate and to understand one another. BUT D'ONT FORGET WE ARE IN THERE WORLD and the is no problemo.. maybe we are the ones that are making a case out of nothing!!! Think about it!!!! You are on vacations and life is great...Have fun ...The Buffet and restaurants, well listen everybody, you have to understand many things before beginning to critisize this great country. This is a under developped country, so d'ont expect a 5 star great american or Canadian Restaurant....The food is o.k. and has a different theme every night at the buffet. We ate a three different restaurants which were very good, also great pizza restaurant, and the home run restaurant has great hotdogs,hamburgers, and nacho. A grat place for snake before supper. Yes there is a ligne up every night for the buffet, but it last 1 to 2 minutes...So relax, have a drink and enjoy....Life is great we are the ones that complicate things.The hotel complexe itself is very well maitained and very clean. I D'ont have one complaint about the room, they are very,very clean. Maybe the bathtub is not brand new, but this doesn't keep me from taking my shower. The maid service is very good, maybe not constaint as far as what time the room gets done every day, but so what, I went to Punta cana to enjoy the beautiful tropical weather, not to watch t.v.in my room. One morning we d'int have hot water so when i took my shower i just woke up quicker.. I was in the number 13 complexe by the beach, and let me tell you for the first time in my 3 visits to this country, this complexe was very quite. If you want to go were theres alot of night happening and rumble tumble, well i d'int see none of this the time i was there. (There is a disco club) There is an activitity every night, but were not in Las Vegas, so enjoy the talent from there country....They do take it at heart and do there best to entertained us.I do recommend this hotel, and once again the r?publican people are great... Excuse my english  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pykeman
<Content>AWESOME TIME HAD BY ALL !! We just returned from a great week at the resort.I have no idea what people are complaining about as everything went great all week.We travel in a group of six and we were treated very well from the moment we got to the resort till the time we left.Our room was huge (This is our 12th resort we have traveled to) and was always kept clean.Wedid the $100 upgrade and it was worth it.The massage was to die for.We ate in all the a-la-carte and enjoyed each one of them.The buffet had a large assortment at each sitting.The sports bar had great nacho's and fries but make sure your hotdogs and hamburgers are cooked.The beach buffet was also excellent and had many choices.This is a very large resort so be ready to walk and enjoy the whole resort.The beach is to die for and you can walk for miles.We did the para sailing and it was a blast. We tipped the bar tenders each morning and never had to wait to long for a drink-$5 per day and we all but had our next drink waiting for us.The pool bar made the drinks and javier and rudy are awesome.The only problem we had was zoran the guest service manager,we had some simple questions and he was very aragant.WOULD GO BACK ANYTIME !!!!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Take it easy, and you'll be fine... My girlfriend and I stayed at the Grand Flamenco from January 14th until the 21st. In the time leading up to the trip, I read many of the reviews and was apprehensive about what to expect, as most were negative. I even thought about cancelling or making last minute changes to our itinerary, as my goal was to get away, relax, and have no worries for a few days. We were warmly greeted at the resort and were satisfied with our room, in building 23, which was well kept, had no insects, and had a bathroom that was in very good shape. So far so good. Like others, I would recommend that you bring a card along to slip into the A.C. slot, as it can get very musty. The resort itself is kept in great condition. The staff does a great job when it comes to keeping the place clean. The pools are wonderful and the beach is immaculate. The food. I see many reviews which come down on the food, but we were both very satisfied with both the quality and the quantity. One has to expect that the meat may have a different texture to it, but this is due to the fact that it is not raised on a diet of hormones and other chemicals. This is meat as it's supposed to be. The variety at the buffets is great, the food is fresh, and it all tastes great. The main buffet has a different theme each night, so you won't get bored with the food, and the a la carte restaurants have great food also. The one thing I'd note is that at the a la carte restaurants, some foods may be local impressions of Italian or Mexican foods, so be open minded. You won't be disappointed in the taste, but don't expect the food to taste as if it came from a very high end restaurant. Overall though, the variety at the resort is great, and there are enough places to try out so as not to get bored. In general, I would like to leave some tips, as I think the ones I picked up helped us out. First off, remember that you are in a foreign country. This means that you should not expect people to understand every word that you say, and should not expect every amenity that you may get back home. At the bar, stick to the drinks that they have listed in the menu, and don't expect them to know how to make every drink you enjoy from your bartender back home. (Try the Mai Tai) If possible, learn a few simple phrases in Spanish, and it will go a long way. My girlfriend is fluent in it, and I keep up, so it helped a great deal. We got to know a lot of the staff members, and they are very friendly and outgoing, so do not be afraid of talking to them. Many will surprise you with their knowledge of English, and they'll greatly appreciate it if you make an effort towards saying a phrase or two in Spanish. Like I said, you are in a foreign country. Keep that in mind. Also, keep in mind that the country is VERY POOR. People here make about 100 dollars a month. You'll find that many of the staff work from 7am or earlier until 11 at night, and they do so without a grudge. If possible, give them a tip of a dollar or two, and know that it will be greatly appreciated, and I doubt it will bite into anyone's wallet too hard. Also, keep in mind that this is a different culture, so peopel approach life differently than those of us in the U.S. or Canada. Don't be so apprehensive and quick to complain. Take it easy, be patient, and keep an open mind and you'll be fine. Out one complaint was about the tourists themselves, who probably ruined their own vacations with their nagging and complaining. Don't sweat it if the staff doesn't understand something you're saying. Take it easy and relax and you'll go home feeling great. If you can, take a trip or tour out of the resort. We booked an all day trip to Santo Domingo and talk of it to this day. We were woken up by the poverty that we saw in the cities we passed through, but were encouraged but the fact that people would wave to us and would almost always have a smile on their faces. As one Dominican we spoke to put it, We may not own much, but we have our smiles and our music. The areas of the capitol we visited were rich in history and culture, and I guarantee that you won't be disappointed. There's also a chance to shop, and the prices will blow you away by American standards. We booked our trip with Wendy, whose office is located by the ATM. Once again, I have to stress that if you talk to the people, they will give you great insight into the lives of the people of DR and they'll also give you tips on getting the most out of your trip. In addition to the trip to Santo Domingo, we also went scuba diving. Book this on the beach, and you will save money. I think it was $20 or so. Last tip is that you get some pesos. Most of the stuff you'll have to pay for, whether on a tour or at a shop will be a lot cheaper in pesos! I hope that this was a little helpful to anyone who was scared off by the negative reviews. Treat the staff the way you want to be treated, and you will not have any complaints. Enjoy the foods and don't be afraid of trying something new, and if all else fails, stick to the fruits!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise on earth Paradise on earth I've stayed at Occidental Gran Flamenco for 2 weeks in 2003 and I liked so much that I decided to return this year.And once again I've such a wonderfull time there that I'm planning to return next week for another 3 weeks.I don't understand how people can say terrible things about the country and about the hotel.Drugs are sold all over thw world and you only buy them if you want, so don't complain or do not blame the other for your acts.Renovations of hotels always cause troubles, you just have to understand they are needed and that they are done forseen a better use for the future guests.If you treat them friendly you will receive friendship in return.People that work there are not slavesbut workers as most of the peolpe that stay there, so why change your personality while you are in holidays.Enjoy the sun, enjoy the music.Interact in the different acticities they offer and you will never forget them.It is hard to name some employes and forget others, so I won't do that.Josefina  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cleigho
<Content>Loved every minute! I just happened to find these reviews and I'm awed! I stayed at the Occidental in September 2003 and it was fabulous! They even started construction on the buffet restaurant while we were there, but were very accomodating - didn't kink our vacation at all. I've travelled Europe, Canada and the US and this was by far the most relaxing - absolutly wonderful. As for being the most expensive - maybe that's an issue with the agency. We went 3 people, taxes in for $3000! Not a bad thing to say about the trip. Leaving March 8th 2004 for another go and can't wait!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Place My friend ans I visited the DR from Jan 17-24. It was absolutely amazing. The bad reviews are wrong unless you are the most picky person in the world. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The food at the buffet was good for the first 3 days and then it gets a bit tiresome but you can't please everyone. The grounds are amazing, spotless. The beach is crowded but there are always seats available at the pool. The entertainment staff were great, extremely enthusiastic. There is no worries about water because bottled water is supplied everywhere. The spa was expensive. $50 USD for a 1 hour massage but if you go to the market it is only $15 USD. My friend and I are in our late twenties and both single. The only thing that we found was that there are a lot of older couples that went to the resort. It is definitely not Spring Break in Daytona Beach. We still managed to meet several amazing people around our age. The Disco was good but not that busy during the week. You had to pay for your own drinks there but it was only $2 per drink USD. We had a great time and would definitely reccomend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not quite as bad as some reviews, but still not great. Like a lot of people have said, I was really worried about this place after reading the reviews, but we did get it at a very good price and couldn't back out. We arrived from Toronto on Jan. 22 and went home Jan. 29th.Check-InWent quickly and they brought us strawberry daquiris while wating. A nice touch. Then they drove us and our luggage to our room. Since we arrived at 10:00 p.m., we got back to the lobby at 10:45 to find that there was no food available anywhere but at the disco and you had to pay for it there. We had had a dreadful ham sandwich thrown at us in a box on the plane so really hadn't eaten anything since lunch. I would recommend that if you're flying late, bring a sandwich. There are other flights coming in even later than ours every day but Wednesday so I think they could have one restaurant open just for burgers and hot dogs.RoomsI was really worried about this but they were not nearly as bad as I anticipated. It was very musty and mouldy when we walked in but just left the A/C on the whole time with a plastic card and it was okay. We did have a problem with the maids turning the A/C down to 0 Celcius a couple of times - you could have hung meat in our room! The tub had two rust spots and the floor didn't look clean but they do scrub them everyday. We always had hot water so I don't know what others were complaining about there. We did tip the maid and even though one day I left her a package of colourful pencils, note-pads and $5. when I met her outside the room, there was no acknowledgement of our generosity. Leaving tips accomplished nothing. On the second last day, there was no bedspread on my bed and while we were in there, she dropped off 2 and just left. I had to put my own spread on my bed. I know, whine, whine, but that is what she was paid to do.FoodGood grief, where do you start? Maybe with 2 words - HEAT LAMPS! Everything was ice cold - I even dug down into the centre of the pancakes - cold. The only thing you could find warm were the eggs and omelettes in the morning. I would make my toast, put it on a small plate, then grab a large plate, and cover the toast. When I got my egg or omelette I would cover them all with the small plate and would have a somewhat warm breakfast. Also, if you like ketchup with your eggs, bring your own (thank you Harvey's). Another reason the food is so cold is that the buffet restaurant itself is kept so cold. We also ate at the Mexican, Italian and Steak House. Don't go to the Mexican - lousy service, dark, very cold and the food was cold - good, but cold. Now the Italian. Wonderful! Best meal we had. Beautiful lighting, wonderful service from Jazmin and delicious hot food. The Steak House was well appointed and well-lit and the food was good but the service was bad. I'm still waiting for a drink I ordered. The buffet at the beach was dreadful - we only ate there once. The bartenders were very rude there as well. We ate at the Sports bar 3 days and when I asked the chef to cook my burger some more - it was red in the middle - he just gave me another one. The next day, I stood in line and he totally ignored me - I had to get my friend to get me a hot dog. Food wasn't too bad there. Waiters were very friendly.Nightly ShowsThe first and third nights we were there we sat down near the stage. This is not the place to be. The music was very loud, there was no breeze coming though the audience so even though it was very pleasant outside, it was hot near the stage. We finally diccovered the Pizza place upstairs by the Italian restaurant and there are tables up there looking down on the stage. We sat up there the last 3 nights. Beautiful sky, beautiful breezes, music not too loud and a waiter serving drinks. It was great! The kids do a great job of trying to entertain but it does get to be the same old thing every night (the Broadway show was the best).The GroundsImpeccable. They are always cleaning and pruning, etc. The beach is beautiful. No complaints there at all.ShoppingIt was not fun - they are far to pushy and what they are selling is all junk anyway. We bought 2 T-shirts and have given them away since they shrunk so badly. The time share guys are a real pain as well. I don't understand why they let them on the property - we stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Xcaret in the Mayan Riviera last year and were only bothered by the time share people at the airport, never on the hotel property.The trip to the airport was something to behold. He drove way too fast around all these twisting roads. After a while, I couldn't even look out the window.In closing, I would not go back here nor do I think I will go back to the DR - at least not for a while. I far preferred the Mexican, Turks and Antiguan people and their culture.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulious Hotel, Great time..excellent week of paradise*Jan29 to Feb5-2004 First I want to let all people know that I really do not understand why a lot of peoples were complaining about this hotel, because it was very very nice, clean, the food was excellent, the service at the different restaurant was a little bit slow, but the food was great, the rooms were very clean, the beach was gorgeous, the team animacion was fun people really entertening, etc.... For the period to take a shower between 17h00 and 18h00 the pressure was bad, but who cares! The only thing I found a little bit boring was that we had to paid our own drinks at the Mangu Bar, they should have a bar only for the tourist in the hotel. But everything, was great, we, me and two other friends, had a good time, the hotel is beautiful and so big! We danced a lot, had a super beach party on Saturday January 31, 2004 and it was really fun, they should do that more often!! The animacion team, F?lix, Elvis, and the others were fun people and they took care of us! The night shows were a little bit ordinary at the beginning but the last 3 shows were really magic and funny. For the rooms, we were 3 in the same room, and all of us had our own beds, not an extra cot bed but a real padded bed really confy. I would recommanded that hotel to any one who likes to dance, laugh, relax, eat good....not the for the people who always complains for stupid stuff.I planned returning....maybe this summer.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All Inclusive - not my thing I am not a big fan of All Inclusive resorts.The food is generally lousy, service so-so, and I usually end up feeling I'm an inmate at a minimum security prison.The Occidental Grand Flamenco was no exception.Go for the beach, the water, the sun.Don't go expecting to be pampered at poolside by smiling cabana boys.Food - stand in line for virtually every meal to receive a mish-mash of culinary defeats.I'm sure the ingredients started out with good intentions. However, the fate they suffer in the hands of the Grand Flamenco staff is painful to witness.Except for breakfast (Eggs and sausage are good) I would advise to head to the Snack bar for hot dogs and nachos. ( hard to screw up a hot dog.)Room - big room, big bathroom. Did have plenty of AC, plenty of hot water and a robust cable channel selection.You will need it because there is not anything to do at night ( unless you make a game of trying to guess what was served at dinner.)Service - Wait staff at the restaurant must be trained in the fine art of avoiding eye contact.With a few exceptions in the morning, you have to be agressive in getting any attention at all.( I did find that calling out Amigo seems to turn a few heads.) Front desk staff was so-so helpful; you have to know what to ask.Beach - was very clean and definitely the ONLY reason to come.Language - Knowing a smattering of Spanish does help and generally gives the staff some incentive to notice you.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waonderful vacation at Occidental Grand Flamengo Punta Can I was very impressed and had the most wonderful time the week of Jan 24th to 31st. When I entered the room with the belhop I exclaimed Ohh because I was so impressed..very high vaulted ceilings (third floor, Bldg. 20), beautiful staraburst bedspreads, huge spacious room, lovely drapes, and a very very large lit terrace with table and chairs. The pools (many of them) were gorgeous and beautiful, a lovely shade of blue, very very clean, with a very cute swim-up bar, and many palm-decked islands around the pool aaround which one could swim. No problem getting deck chairs, in shaded areas. A lovely walk to the ocean, which had many shaded palapas, and many deck chairs, all cushioned. There was a wonderful buffet right on the ocean, with about five dining rooms, seating people from 12 to 4:oo...many wonderful dishes, and deserts to die for!Many showers between the ocean and buffet. Many activities, ping pong tournements, archery , shooting, dancing lessons, spanish lessos, schedule of daily activities posted on the front of one of the fun palapas near the pool by the beach and buffet. The front desk did not tell me about these activities, they were so over-worked the night I checked in; I had to find this out by myself...but those fish dinners, buffets and DESERTS were to die for! In the main buffet, the chefs were always walking around the buffet checking the quality of the food, very attentive to cleanliness and presentation of the buffet. The waiters and waitresses were so cheerful, always very quick toserve coffee and beverages as soon as I sat down; wonderful service, and very comforta ble seating, beautiful dining room, and a lovely outdoor garden in the back. I was greeted by a lovely hostess with a wonderful smile, every time I entered the dining room, and my waiter always sang and served me. The employees were so happy, always singing and smiling. My room maid turned down my bed and folded my nightgown on my bed every day, even before I tipped her. I think the walks to the dining room and beach was well worth the exercise, I had to work off those deserts. The scrambled eggs were wonderful, and hot chocolate and coffee so good. Takehome some Dominican Coffee; it is on sale outside the lobby. The desk clerk even gave me a package of coffee. The desk looked rather informal, compared to other hotels, and I was a little bit leary, but loved the resort and my room, and realize they were so overworked Friday night when I checked in. They were even going to help me change to a ocean view in a few days; they tried so hard to please me, but I loved my valuted ceilings, and large cheerful room and needed the third flight of stairs to climb to work off the wonderful frothy frosty deserts! I will go back, and miss those meals so much! The Dominican Republic employees were to happy and cheerful, and oh, the gym and spa was very ar conditioned and modern, and I am still showing off my braids; I'll have to return there to have them, removed! (Any excuse to return) Jean (Pawling N.Y., USA)   
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>food was horrible, resort was beautiful The buffet food was terrible we were only able to eat bread, butterm and cheese. The specialty restaurants were not much better, If you don't have reservations for restaurants they will still seat you anyway. The resort was beautiful, clean and they are quick to solve any problems. We do recommend bringing a card, such as your blockbuster card to keep the air and electricity on in the room. It requires the card to run.The beach was beautiful. Word of caution though, there were many many Europeans, so there was not much coverage as far as bathing suits. The women were topless and the men wore skimpy bathing suits.There was very little as far as night life. The hotel did provide a nightly show, but it was not that entertaining. The disco opened really late, so it was hard to find things to do.The ad says there is a sports bar, but there was not. All in all, if you are looking to relax and do nothing but enjoy the weather, this is a good place to go. If you are looking for activity and entertainment, this is not the place for you.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lower your Canadian expectations to the Dominican's standard of construction and service We arrived on Sunday, January 25, 2004 and departed on Suncay, February 1, 2004.We stayed in building 25, room 115. The water closet was missing one bolt and rocked side to side. The flushing power was lousy. We had to flush at least twice to remove all crumbs and tissue paper.The water pressure from the lavortory was low. Hot water was non-existant at 5:00pm. We had to wait until 5:30pm before there was sufficient warm water.Our first day, the electrical power went out in our building. The suitcases took 30 minutes to arrive from the front lobby to our room. I was cranky from out 2 hour delayed 4 hour flight from -25 degree Celcius weather to +25 degree Celcius weather in Bavaro Beach.After our suitcases arrived, we changed into shorts and t-shirs, and lined up at 6:00pm for 25 minutes to get into their all-you-can eat buffet restaurant located in their lobby.While lining up at the buffet, the electrical power went out in their 700 or so seat restaurant. There was no emergency lighting, or illuminated exit signs. We stood at the buffet with hundreds of other hotel guest hoping that no one will yell fire. After 20 seconds or so, the lights came back on.The food was terrible the first night.On our first night, we went to the front lobby and asked Arsenio for a third floor room. He said the hotel was booked and a third floor room would not be available until probably Tuesday.After the first night, and after physically acclimatizing myself to the weather, the food improved at the lobby buffet restaurant. The staff was friendly. With one exception; during the morning to early afternoon, there were obnoxious Time Share people stationed at the lobby, and in front of their outdoor theatre harrasing us. After the third day of politiely saying no to the same salesman, I almost lost my temper. My partner calmed me and told me to go with the flow. Apparently, this is how the Dominican lifestyle is like.We lined up for 30 minutes on the second day at their accessory building to book three nights (Thursday, Friday, and Saturday) at their Mexican, Steakhouse, and Italian restaurants. The service was lousy in their Mexican restaurant.We complained about the skinny overcooked end piece steak at their steakhouse. Roman ordered us a second steak dinner cooked to perfection. He even obliged by having the chef cook a chocolate cake for my partner's upcoming birthday. He was by far the best waiter (who works from 7:00am to 1:00am and lives on the resort). He got a big tip from me.We skipped the Italian restaurant and opted for their lobby buffet restaurant which had a different theme nightly. Lobster was served on two occasions during our weeks stay.The hour of entertainment on stage to my surprise was very good to excellent.I have never drank so many pina colada's in my life. The rum is not very potent.Their Home Run restaurant/bar had the best chicken and beef burgers.The beach was clean, quiet, and relaxing. Get there early to grab a chaise. Otherwise, you will have to carry one from poolside.The small raised wood platform on the beach was uncomfortable for their dance lessons. The guy playing the music CD's was not very good. Either the CD's kept skipping, or he did not play out the song in it's entirety.Volleyball, table tennis, snorkelling, Crazy Golf, were some of the recreational past-times available.There was a limbo dancing beach party one night.Avoid a hotel room near their outdoor theatre if you retire to your room anytime before midnight. They play loud music from their theatre until midnight.There is really limited beach view rooms. Mainly the end rooms facing the beach would give you a palm-tree blocked view of the rather rough Atlantic Ocean.There is a roving photographer with Canon equipment taking pictures of hotel guests. Each image will cost $6US.The average wage of a hotel worker can range from about $92US to over $350US per month. Not very much.With the exception of photographic film, bargain for everything. An oil painting at Bavaro Plaza can start at $450US and drop to as low as $160US. I negotiated from $21US to $5US for a cotton baseball cap. After the purchase, the storekeeper asked for a tip. I gave $1US for his feigned sweat act. Also, the shopkeepers in Bavaro Plaza, and Punta Cana Plaza just outside of the gated entrance of the Gran Flamenco will harrass you to visit their shop. After talking briefly with one shopkeeper in Punta Cana Plaza about his/their lifestyle, he then said that the lifestyle is poor in the Dominican and he would even pay me for me to hire him to work in Canada. I don't think so at this moment.If you like the Basilica, then spend the 45 Pesos for a one hour bus ride into Higuay. The city is dirty. Boys will come up to you and will want to either become your tour guide (for a fee), or shine your shoes. Knowing Spanish is a definite plus. The shopping in Higuay is no different from the shops in Bavarao Beach. Same stuff, cheaper prices in Higuay, however.Start buying vacant land in the Domincan now, before the prices start rising. Oscar De La Renta and Julio Iglesius have bought property a few years ago and have built their vacation homes there near the Punta Cana airport.Remember, every five years, the Dominican will get hit with a hurricane. Up to 5000 people perish on their island country.I found out that our tourist money have subsidized the Dominican's lifestyle tremendously in Bavaro Beach, and Higuay. Their old cars, motorbikes were definitely newer that what their counterparts own in Cuba.Overall, don't drink the tap water. The people were friendly and helpful. Even when we were lost, we got help! I love the Dominican Republic, and their beaches are among the whitest and cleanest in the world.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bon Appetite: NOT This was my wife and I's third trip back to the Dominican Republic in as many years. Previously we had stayed at the Occidental Playa Dorada and Occidental Grand Flamenco Beach Resort in Puerta Plata D.R., but this was our first time to Punta Cana. We had read that Punta Cana resorts were more expensive because they were a little more upscale and were in a more desireable location, than that Puerta Plata. Everything was fine upon arrival. Staff was great, room was great, resort was beautiful. Great vacation so far. Then came dinner. In defense of the resort, they were in the middle of remodeling their main cafeteria and dining hall. All meals were now being served where they used to only serve lunch by the beach. Still, the location was fine, it was near the water, a light breeze blowing, romantic. Our first nights dinner was what I would call bland, very basic, something you would find in a mess hall chow line. We're thinking it's just the first night and things would improve. Well, they deteriorated rapidly as stomach problems arose the next morning and continued for the entire trip. It did not get better, it got worse. THE SAME FOOD WAS SERVED EVERY SINGLE DAY! Food that wasn't finished at one meal was served again, and again, and again. If that didn't do it, they just seemed to add it to other dishes and serve it that way. I'm not knocking buffet style food, because the buffet food at the Occidental Playa Dorada was fantastic. Different and tasty dishes were served every day. However, this food just stunk! We met other guests who hadn't eaten solid food in four days because they couldn't keep anything in their stomach. I resorted to making sandwiches to survive. Bread, meat, cheese, butter. That's it. We did eat at the steak specialty restaraunt one night and were not impressed. You always hear other people at the resort telling you that the food is lousy and you think that they are just being too picky, well, that was us this time. Onto the good parts. The resort itself was beautiful, same layout as the Grand Flamenco in Puerta Plata, and the staff was great. The room was spacious, bed was very comfortable, and the room was always well kept by our maid. They kept the little refrigerator in the room stocked with complimentary water, soda, and beer, which was nice. The beach and water were a little better than what you find in Puerta Plata. The water was more of the turqoise color and the sand a little finer as well. Nice morning and evening walks on the beach. I will say that had it not been for the food, we would have had a great time. As it was, we couldn't wait to leave so we could get a decent meal. I hope that once they finish the remodel the food improves for future guests. Stayed 12/1 through 12/12/03  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kathryn752
<Content>Worst place I've stayed at. I've been to DR about 7 times and this was the worst place that I have stayed. And the highest price I've ever paid. Trip was mid-January. Arrival at hotel was after midnight and the only place open was the pizza place. After ordering burgers and sodas , we were presented with a bill for $22. Thought it was all-inclusive (there were some exceptions). So there is nowhere for late-nite snacks as part of A-I. The buffet food was mediocre and institutional. Margarine in the mashed potatoes? Yuk! Lines and waiting to get in at all 3 meals. The soups could have come out of a 5 gallon drum. Lots of pastas, chicken, fish with lots of bones. We were absolutely refused 2 room keys, were told that people lose them, and they could not even make an extra key. Rooms OK. Maintenence timely. Grounds well kept. Few bars, always lines to get a drink. Only 1 bar near beach, long walk, more lines. Shows pretty bad, not even funny. Very few engligh speaking staff. If it were offered again, I would place a value of $199. on this Package.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK Time @ Occidental Punta Cana We visited the Occidental Punta Cana Jan 24-31, 2004. I will be very honest here. Overall the resort was good, food was OK, the beach was very nice and the pools were nice aswell. The nightly shows aren't the best, but this is not broadway. I highly recommend to book your a la carte restaurant reservervations as soon as you get there, they fill up very quickly and you will not even get one reservation if you wait too long. Our room was OK, we stayed on the third floor and the ceiling leaked one night it rained. The bathroom was older and the shower and tub could do with some updating and also needed a new shower head, water pressure is very low. Tipped the maid, but I did not see any difference. The service in the restaurants was either very good or very poor, sometimes we were seated and waited approx. 5 minutes before they even took our drink order. Overall your on vacation and will have a good time.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Get a life, people! Stayed at the Royal Club for five nights beginning January 14. Had read the negative reviews before going, was prepared for some difficulties, and now we're wondering if those people stayed at the same resort! We had no problems whatsoever: Glasses of champagne at checkin, plenty of hot water, AC too cold if anything (no need for a card here), concierge made dinner resies on very short notice, great private beach and pool (no problems with towels and there were always lounges available), excellent food and service at the Royal Club dining room/cocktail lounge and excellent service at all the bars and restaurants. Yes the buffet selections were somewhat mundane and there was a long line for the good stuff, and yes the service was a little slow in the other restaurants, but it's all inclusive, what do you expect? We're returning for a longer stay this summer.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was okay . . . not excellent My husband and I (ages 27  28), visited the Grand Flamenco from January 25 - February 1, 2004. We had read all the reviews, so we went with mixed feelings - not really knowing what to expect, but hoping for the best. I will give my honest review (sorry if it gets long).Our room: Upon check-in we were told we had an ocean view room on the third floor. This was exactly what we had requested, so we were happy. But when we got to our room, it was on the main floor and it looked out to some bushes. I called to inform the front desk and they said there was nothing they could do for us. Well, the next morning we met with our Air Canada rep. and we were immediately moved to a 3rd floor room - although it wasn't ocean view. Our maid always did a nice job, although we left her pretty good tips every day and she never did anything special for us. We never had any critters in our room, except for a few little ants. The shower was usually on the cool side, and very little water pressure. And be sure to bring a credit-card-like card so you can keep your air conditioning on all day while you are out.Food: I will admit that I am a bit of a picky eater. The buffet had lots and lots of food, so I thought I'd be okay, but nothing was hot! My husband got violently ill for about 24 hours after he had eaten some pork, so after that we were much more careful about what we ate. The fruit is great. We actually heard about quite a few people getting sick from food, so be careful what you eat. I would definitely not go back for the food. The pizzeria was good though.Nightlife: The ads for this resort are a little decieving. They talk about all these different bars, which makes you think that the nightlife would be great. Well, the main bar is the lobby bar, and the rest of them are just little counters set up to serve drinks - nowhere to sit or anything. The swim-up bar was good. The disco only gets going around 1:00 a.m.! The evening shows were okay - although they are pretty much the same every night. This definitely isn't the place to go if you're young and looking for some fun nightlife!Tour: We went on the Monster Truck Safari which was a one day tour. It was really great. We went away from the tourist area, and got to see what life is really like for people in the Dominican. It is really an eye-opener, and it makes you appreciate the things you have. The tour was $170.00 U.S. for us, so it's not cheap.The markets: There are a whole bunch of shops just across the street from the resort. We dealt with U.S. money only - we never even touched a peso when we were out there. My advice: be sure to bid very low on something when you want to buy it. My husband wanted to buy a statue that they were asking $120.00 U.S. for. We laughed off that price and said we'd only pay $20 U.S. for it. After bickering back and forth for awhile, we ended up buying it for $30 U.S. So, make sure to start your bidding really low!The resort in general: The resort itself is absolutely beautiful - the grounds are immaculately clean and well kept. They are always working hard on keeping things neat. The pools were nice - that's where we spent most of our time because it was pretty windy by the ocean. The sand and the water are absolutely amazing!I think next time I would opt to stay at a smaller resort. This one is so big that it is quite a walk to get anywhere. I also think that a smaller resort would have better (and hotter) food, and more personalized service. I felt like this resort definitely catered to the 50 and up age group - definitely not to the 20-somethings.All in all, we did have a good time. I don't mean to sound really negative, because we don't regret our trip at all. I don't know if I'd necessarily recommend this hotel to friends, but I know that next time I'd try a different resort.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superfantastic Punta Cana is the most wonderful place I have ever vacationed. My husband, and four friends spent Jan 21-29 in Punta Cana. After reading alot of scary reviews, my expectations were low. So I was overwhelmed by the Super service, awesome food, friendly people, fun loving employees at this extemely wonderful resort. Soon after we arrive my husband realized a piece of his luggage was missing. Within 2 and a half hours it was returned. The staff were very sympathetic.  The bartenders, waitresses, waiters, busboys, greeters, house cleaning staff, etc... were all so friendly. They are alwys smiling, laughing joking and sometimes singing and dancing for your pleasure.  We were fortunate enough to be able to spend an extra day because of weather back home. We were put up in a Royal suite for the extra nite. Our Signature rep was very accomidating in every way. My next tropical holiday will definatly be back to this resort, what else can I say-great food, drinks, beach, pools, rooms, scenery, etc  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort but lacking entertainment Just returned from Punta cana Jan. 24th. Needless to say we read alot of reviews before we went to Occidental, and frankly were very worried, but when we got there, we were greatly surprised by the beauty of the beaches and resort! Even though we had a very late arrival, we were all given rooms, which were adequate. Everything seemed perfect at first. Then day by day it just got worse. The group of people we went with all agreed the food was horrible, it was always cold, the hard boiled eggs weren't even cooked! Stick with mostly bread and pineapple, and you'll be fine! Even though the food was bad, we were impressed by the hard working staff and bartenders! They worked especially hard, even more so if you give them a buck or two. We had no problem with service what so ever, just plan on waiting for food in the resturants, they are very slow. Drink lots of bottled water, we had a few in our group that came down with diarrehea, and none of us drank the water! Don't eat any salad! It put my husband and I out for the day with terrible stomach cramps. If you get sick plan on paying the doctor on hotel grounds bucko bucks! They are not afraid to charge you alot of money for anything that is not included. Daily excursions are also expensive. Plan on seeing a few cockroaches in your room and on the grounds. Yes, they are the huge ones like on Fear Factor! The worst part was no entertainment. This place caters to 50 and up age group. They have the same show each and every night. Nothing for the 30-40 aged people. They do have a nightclub on the grounds, but it doesn't get going until around 1 AM. During the day there is much to do but at night, plan on going to bed around 10:00 Pm. None of the alarm clocks work either, bring your own! Plan on learning a little French too because we saw more of those people than the Spanish language they tell you to learn. Another good tip if you have a late flight out, make sure you have a room until you leave, the front desk assured all in our group we would have Courtesy rooms to get cleaned up before our flight. We had courtesy rooms all right with about 20 other people, get ready for community showers! We had to chase down a maid to get fresh towels, or we would be all using the same ones! Yuck! Be prepared to be addressed by very aggresive people on the grounds wanting you to sign up for the Royal Club. Also, on the beach where the shops are, you can barder pretty good--but they'll give you a run for your money. The best points are the immaculate beaches and grounds on the resort! Tip your maid a dollar a day, and you'll get great service! I have to say it was definately lacking in Entertainment and quality of food to deserve 2 stars.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Flamenco Honeymoon was just that !! (Jan 11,2004 to Jan 18,2004) I picked The Grand Flamenco for our honeymoon on recommendations from people I actually spoke to who had actually stayed there before. After I had booked the trip and already paid for it, I began to read these reviews which concerned me greatly. I seriously considered cancelling and starting over with less than a week to go before our wedding. I am glad I did not. Thanks to all the whiners for making the week before my wedding a most nauseating time worrying about this trip for nothing. My wife and I stayed in the Royal Club. We were treated with outstanding service in everyway. Our room had (2) balconies that both overlooked the beach and ocean. We had a full mini bar each day with more fresh bottle water than we could drink each day. Beer and Rum and Pepsi and 7up too. Sandra and Roberto in the Royal Club restaraunt could not have treated us with more class. They obtained our names on day one and called us by name until our final good bye. Sandra makes the best Sangria/fruit drink in the world. She would make a fresh batch each day at our simple request. Anything within reason was simply obtained with a smile and a please. I tipped the housekeepers no more than $2/day and took small gifts to leave for them as well each day. Cheap lipstick,makeup, lotions and perfumes seemed to be best liked. We had a female and a male housekeeper so be sure to take co-ed gifts. I tipped the reception (Syrah) lady $10 on day one and she was most helpful the rest of the time. She obtained dinner reservations each and everytime we requested them, which was sometimes late in the afternoon. She oftained massage, golfing and deep sea fishing reservations for us with one phone call and was very helpful with local and any other information we needed. When we ate at the non-inclusive restaraunt, (El Cortijo - I think) we were fully expecting to pay for this dinner and it ended up getting comp'd by someone. This is not standard practice we just got lucky. But the food in all the ala carte restaraunts were good. Especially the Italian restaraunt. We ate at everyone of them and a couple of them 2X. We didnt get around to eating at the buffet and ate at the Home Rum 1X. It was our least favorite of them all. The food in the Royal Club restaraunt is as good or better than the other restaraunts. They will cook your order to your specifications and the service is impecable. The Royal Club has a private beach that opens up into the general resort beach and there never really seemed to be an issue with beach chair availability. There is a security guard always around. We didn't lay out at the resort pool at all as we were interested in the beach only. The mini-pool/jacuzzi in the Royal Club was convenient and looked comfortable with drink orders taken and filled by Sandra and Roberto promptly. We were treated pretty much the same by all the staff whether we were in the Royal Club or not.All in all we had a wonderful honeymoon for a great price and While we can only recommend the Royal Club portion of the resort, we didn't see or hear too many other people complaining about the other portions while we were there. I highly recommend paying the insignificant price to upgrade to the Royal Club. Go there with the right attitude and most likely anywhere you stay would be a great experience. We will definitely be going back to this small piece of paradise.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BandN
<Content>Great place for a honeymoon My husband and I went to Punta Cana for our honeymoon in August 2003 and we stayed at the Grand Flamenco. The trip was great from start to finish. The hotel was incredible (we stayed for 5 days, 4nights)...beautiful beaches, great service, fun atmosphere, and everyone was super nice and friendly (guests and staff). In particular, our maid was excellent. She always had a little surprise for us; towels made out of swans, and other little treats. Building 26 is the place to be. It's quiet (away from the guests with children), clean and close to the beach...the views seem to be nicer too. We loved the Grand Flamenco. The only thing that could be better is the food. There's lots of food but not much variety. I was on a steady diet of fruit and bread while I was there. But all in all...we had a blast and we're glad we stayed at the Flamenco!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>O. Grand Flamenco Is a Paradise ! We loved it ! These negative reviews are so bogus! Jan 17 - Jan 24, 2004. This was our 9th year traveling with a group of 300 other business folks from the East Coast, USA. We, and they have stayed at many Caribbean resorts and we honestly would rate the Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana as probably our best experience yet! Right from the town's charming and ultra modern airport and the quick service there, down to the smallest details of the resort- excellent and kudos to the Dominican Republic! I simply do not understand these negative reviews. Hot water- was abundant..take a later shower! The food simply wonderful, but of course be careful what you consume when traveling to any country (avoid water  non cooked items such as salads and you'll be fine!) Learn how to use the electric system on day one (you'll understand that later- it's easy). The pools are clean and beautiful, the miles of white sandy beach- heavenly. Landscaping clean and lovely. The staff- always attentive and friendly! You might want to brush up on some simple Spanish and perhaps tip your room maid daily and she/he takes great pride in supplying extra towels and mini fridge items. Get out of the resort and take some tours, we learned so much about the wonderful people of this country. Certainly it's economically depressed, yet the people have much to teach us and love to share. I rate this vacation a 10 plus. It's all about what you make it, but they sure make it easy to stay in this paradise resort. Thumbs down to the whinners who apparantly do not understand other cultures and believe the world revolves around them! Go, have fun, use care as you would in any country and it may be your best vacation ever! Dharn@stny.rr.com Feel free to write us!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor service, Nice beach Definitely, not the best resort I've been to. The service was absolutely horrible. Front desk staff were so unaccommodating! Half the rooms on the resort only have one key per room so if you're not a couple beware! They kept telling us to come back tomorrow!. The cable was out for a whole day. The electricity went out at least once a day. There was no hot water or water pressure in the shower either! Would you believe they gave us a key to a room whereby someone was still living there.. we could have stolen all the guys stuff!! Craziness. Only good thing about the place is the AC in the dining buffet and the beautifully clean white sand beach, no rocks no garbage and no cabana boys harrassing you to join a dance class or game... Some of the waiters were really cool though too. Restaurants were not worth going to. The buffet had better food.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we LOVE the ROYAL CLUB!! We had a wonderful time and can't wait to go back. My husband and i spent 1 week Dec 10 - 17/03 in the Royal Club. The best service, beaches, beverages, pools i have ever had the pleasure of staying in. We travel yearly, usually pick a different location and resort so this was our first time to the D.R. Usually we travel to mexico destinations but thought we would try this out. At first we had booked one week only, 3 months in advance for the week of Dec 10-17/03 to stay at the Breezes Super Club. Then at the last minute we asked our travel agent if we could extend it to 2 weeks as we really wanted to spent more time in the sun and a week was starting to seem a bit short. We also wanted to stay a week in a different hotel as our experience in the past has been that sometimes 2 weeks in one place is to long. (expecially if all you have to go on is the pictures in the book, your travel agents word and i don't always find these reviews useful because you can see that some people love the place they are at while others appear to hate it? so go figure?) Nevertheless, we worried that a week was to short but 2 weeks long at the same place so we asked if we could stay 2nd week but in different hotel. The first hotel we had already booked 3 months prior was the Breezes, which i picked out from reccomendation from our travel agent and fom the brochure description. I was abit worried though as that hotel also had some mixed reviews but this was the first hotel we actually choose. It ended up that we could stay the extra week but the only hotel that had room was the Grand Flamenco (Royal Club) we not only had to upgrade but we had change the week we were staying at the Breezes for the week we Stayed at the Royal Club. Which was EXTEMELY fortunate for us because the first week at the Breezes Hotel which is located a far ways down the coast line on another beach was a major tropical storm for the entire 7 days we were there! My husband and i could not believe the difference 45 minutes riding in a cab from the Breezes hotel to the Grand Flamenco hotel could make such a huge difference. It was like night and day. One day or shingles were being ripped off our roof by the wind and the next day were sitting at our own private pool being waited on hand and foot. Not only that but the beaches on this side were spectacular with lots of white sand and warm water. I guess having the sun shine helps because during our first week on the other side it poured for 4 days straight non stop. It was cold also, couldn't swim in the pool to cold in the water and to cold outside and we could actually see clear skies off in the distant sky but you think they ever came our way? NOT. Just when we thought it might break up and you could see the sun, it would be pouring again. I new there had to be a resort underneth all that clear sky somewhere? but where? Total tropical storm. My husband joked about it and called tropical storm Sue after me because i was made as hell. He could only joke though as it wouln't have been very humourous had that been the only week we were there, like we had originally planned. We laugh about it know because we saved the last for the best and it was only by chance and a last minute decision did we actually get the vaction we absolutly loved. Not sure if all that planning is worth it as the place we did choose (Breezes) really wasn't what i thought it would be, not only because of the weather (which did appear to always be hanging over just that particular hotel) but because given these weather conditions are somewhat common there, i wasn't impressed with their lack of experience to properly function and maintain the property and premises the entire week we were there. It was horrible. It was a huge place with lots of people and kids, so you can imagine what the main lobbys were like on a daily basis. Not much for people to do during a tropical storm which they tell me is very common in the D.R. They just didn't seem prepared to handle it. I guess you can't always be assured you'll get sunshine so thank god for 24/7 bars which was the only good thing about our first week at the Breezes. Drink all night and sleep all day. ye ha! we never needed 24/7 bar at the Grand Flamenco (Royal Club) as i got what i went for. Plenty of sunshine and drinks on the beach in the sunshine, which reaaly zaps you for energy some days so your tired a few nights and actually get sleep so you can get up early, enjoy the sunshine, enjoy the swim up bar with actual seats to sit at without drowing in water over your head and being pelted in the head by hail all for the love of booze and sunshine. We were able to enjoy the exellent service and food our 2nd week as opposed to the first week. We loved at this place. Maybe staying in the more exclusive part of this hotel was better but it was worth it, it was great. Because we booked it at the last minute we were willing to try anywhere but were glad it ended up here because it was like paridise and we didn't even have to pay that much more to take the upgrade so it worked out perfect. We didn't know that you could actually stay at to different hotels in the same vacation. The only thing you have to do is get your own transportation from the first hotel to the 2nd hotel (which was about 45 min cab ride and 20 dollars u.s.) because most people you came with will be leaving the same day except they will be taking the bus to the airport and you will be taking your own cab to your 2nd hotel for 2nd week. Do not get on the BUS as they do not understand much english and are totally confused when you tell them your not getting on that bus to leave. They keep trying to re direct you to bus instead of a cab. We did get it staigthend out but i guess not many people do what we did so they thought we were so confused. Were glad we did what we did as it gave us some interesting options for next year.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not bad at all I think this hotel was wonderful. Even though it was some walking to do because it's so large but it was great. The food was good...lots to eat and i enjoyed that very much. Drinks were awesome! Staff was friendly and nice (beware pretty girls/ladies the guys there are not used to seeing pretty ones often :o) But the beach was very beautiful and clean. Lots of activities to do and the shows at night entertaining. Lobby and dining area is absolutely gorgeous and the pools are clean and nice. And for those of you that left bad reports on this...you just had bad luck and are too used to things being perfect so relax. I am going back to this hotel in two months and looking forward to it!!!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation ever! Just returned from one of the most relaxing vacation's I've ever taken. The pools, restaurante, the beach all fantastic, the resort was better than I expected it to be and the food delicious. Rooms very clean and so was the lobby. Nothing was really sold at the beach but you could get some pictures with animals. The nightly entertainement was most pleasant. The buffet was very clean and a delight to sit down and eat at and so were the restaurantes where you'd have to make reservations before. A small casino can be found at the lobby so can a bar, sofas and chairs, and a buffet. The bars had many drinks to offer from sodas to alcohol. Hopefully going back next year and i'm most excited and looking forward to it.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best trip ever! I travel alot, and have stayed at 4 star resorts. This one the nicest hotel I have ever stayed at. Beauty and serenity all around you. Snow white sand beaches, and the most turquoise waters. Rooms were very clean and mini bar always stocked. Staff was extremely pleasant, and went out of their way to ensure we had a great vacation. Reservation restaurants were great! The only thing that wasn't up to a 5 star standard was the lunch buffet at the lobby. The beach buffet was magnificant. The club MangV was awesome. There are many different drinks to try, I like the banana mama. DO NOT leave the resort area, as we clearly experienced IT IS NOT SAFE!!!!!!! Look for Calvin at the VIP lounge and ask him about the allegro vacation club, we got a all inclusive trip for 4 to Costa Rica for free!!!! All in all, Ive been to many 4 stars and this is a 5 to me  
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful grounds Just returned Jan.21/04.The resort is beautiful,the grounds are very nice,the pools are beautiful.Our room was spotless everyday.Just remember if you go,to Make Sure,you book your reservations at the a la cart resturants right away.A couple times we just gave the door guy a couple of dollars and he let us in.The food at these places were very good!I ate at the buffet only 1 night and would not really recomend it.The shows at night were very good also.If your bringing kids,they have about an hour with the show staff to dance and participate with them before the show actually starts.The beach is beautiful,but if you want a little shade under the trees,you'll have to get there first thing in the morning.The excursions are fairly expensive($70-100)and are pretty far away from the resort,but one day out of 7 is good for that.I would also highly recommend that you bring $US money,the exchange you get is far better than $CAN.We travelled with apple vacations and there staff was awsome!!They rated this hotel as a 4* and l would agree.I don't think l would go to a Punta Cana resort with any less rating than a 4 star..  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice area,disappointing resort Rooms are very clean,but a lack of hot water,plus when it rained out side, it poured in our room under the door. Leak in the tub would flood the bathroom,sometimes running into bed room. Repairs never done.Ran out of drinking water in halls, one per unit, every day by 9am.No one from staff spoke to us until our last night there to join in the activities.If you are a regular or under 30,sorry, plus sizes were also ignored,you will enjoy yourself.This was my second trip to the DR,and I'm planning a third,so the unfriendlyness of this resort does not detour us.Food was ok,grill very good,mexican closed, tired of buffet by second week.beach great,gardens were excellent,monster truck tour fantastic  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Dig Presidente Beer I stayed @ the Grand Flemenco from Jan 11- Jan 18 and I can脗 t say enough about the resort. It is very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Most of the staff speak English or know enough to get by. The food was fantastic. I have read some complaints, but these people must be on glue or something. There is so much variety that it can cater to even the pickiest of eaters. Line up脗 s for food are a concern, but it is simply because in most cases the food is being prepared freshly for each person. Pizzas and omelets are a must try for everyone. Everyone should remember that the some of the food is going to come from the native Dominican culture脗 .if you want a bologna sandwich or Kraft Dinner, you are out of luck. My only complaint would be the lack of music at the resort. I would have enjoyed hearing some music at the beach or around the pool. Additionally, it would have been nice to have someone take drink orders pool side or at the beach, but it was not a big deal to walk to the bar. Also, the hamburgers are RED, they are not undercooked or raw. I think it has something to do with a food preservative. They didn脗 t taste bad but the visual picture is s little strange. Rooms were cleaned everyday and I had no problems with water pressure or hot water. I had a great time at the resort and I cannot understand any whining about it脗 ..must be spoiled brats who are use to being pampered too often.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't beat the weather Myself and two friends ended up staying at Grand Flamenco from January 9th to January 16th... While going from -40 deg (Celsius) weather to pretty much anything warmer would be good, having 6 straight days of pure sunshine was incredible (our last day was overcast). As everyone else has mentioned before the view of the ocean/bavaro beach is spectacular. The resort did not appear to be at capacity when we attended (maybe 70% full?). Since we went at an off-peak time, we didn't have much of a problem getting food at the buffets or sun beds... But we did encounter problems finding shade huts and getting reservations to the ala carte (mainly our fault, as we were too lazy to get up in the morning to book the ala cartes, and the buffet was plenty good enough)... While there were crazy lineups in the buffet (for the grill food), you can certainly eat plenty of good stuff and still avoid that line. Their desserts were quite good and their fruits magnificent and plentiful... As a brief warning, one of my friends did catch a bout of some food poisoning, but everyone else somehow avoided it despite eating pretty much all the same food. I will say that if you went during peak season, I could forsee the food services bogging down alot more.Our room was always cleaned well, and the fridge was restocked daily... Staff was very friendly even though they don't speak much in way of English.I didn't do anything in the way of excursions, just relaxed on the beach and played a fair bit of volleyball. Other people I talked to raved about some all-day excursion where you visit a lagoon and do some swimming ($100US), never bothered to check it out. We did glance into their two clay tennis courts, which looked good (although personally I found it too hot to play)...Only caught one full show, the rest I seemed to be alot of dancing which if it is your thing would be great... I preferred resting early and tiring myself out during the day.For what I was looking for (hot weather, splendid beach, good food), I found everything that I wanted. If you're looking for more, I really don't know if you can find it or not (as I didn't look for it myself).  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Past trip was great, but the food is horrible I went to the Grand Flamenco last year in the fall (November 2002), possibly the best time to go, the resort was not too full and the weather was perfect. The resort really was great, grounds are beautiful, beach, pool, ocean, rooms, etc. were great. I was just reading these to see how to rate the reviews for the vacation I'm about to take this year and I would have kept quiet if it weren't for one comment that I noticed. It said to ignore all reviews about the food being bad and that the food was 5 star. Couldn't disagree more, the food was just awful, the buffet restaurant had the most insane dishes I've ever seen, it's like they take a native dish and try to make it more Americanized or something and the result is usually a vegetable mush in some sort of milky sauce. I've tried resorts in the past and the pasta bar is usually a safe bet, not here, the pasta was so greasy before they even fried it with my toppings that it was inedible. What I recomment is a)sleeping through breakfast, it's not worth getting up for, and if you just get a slow start at the day then you can swoop in when the early birds go for their afternoon nap and take a prime spot by the pool b) make sure to book at the a la cartes, the food really wasn't bad there, the italian one was really slow and the portions were tiny, but the steakhouse and mexican places were very good, and they really aren't too tight about only letting you dine out at each place once c) lunch at the sports bar, although I'm sure the hamburgers were grade c meat at best, I enjoyed a hot dog or two for lunch or snack every day and that was ok then you should be fine, but also the mexican restaurant place that has a patio and doesn't require a reservation is great for dinner, not the pizzeria though, the first night we went there and they gave me the wrong thing, which is ok, except that when I cut into my calzone, an uncooked egg slid out, I nearly vomitted, fine if they got my order wrong, but an egg in a calzone!!! what's that all about! oh and if you do avoid the buffet most nights, always check out the dessert when you are done, because one night they had french cuisine in the buffet and they had crepes for dessert, and they were to die for! a really beautiful resort though  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tee
<Content>Save your money...low value I have travelled a fair bit and I can say without any reservation...do not go...unless of course you are a party person and do not require decent food. The resort is overated. The grounds certainly are beautiful and the beach though extremely crowded beautiful to see especially at sun rise. Rooms were kept clean, but be sure to bring a few goodies for the service. Brought along a few used pair of jeans, lots of lined paper and pens, cookies, bath products etc...plus $2.00 each day! The daily shows were so-so. The pools clean and well maintained. Watch out for the time-share hounds...Constant irritation. The drinks...stick with beer. The food was disgusting. Any prepared foods at the buffet were at times unidentifiable. Suggest for breakfast you get them to prepare your eggs (ask for no oil!!) and well you can cook your own toast. Stick to the chicken that is grilled almost everyday. Think I grew a few feather's while I was there! As far as making reservations for their 4-5 other restaurants...forget it. The food is not any better, nor the line up to reserve upon arrival. The only benefit to these restaurants is you get a short break from the masses. The disco's while crowded go all night if you're into that. Best to spend your money going to St. Lucia or St. Martin...excellent value compared to this!!!! Simply overated!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing My fiance and I vacationed here in december 1st-2003. Best vacation ever. Service was great, food was great, so for all those people who said it was terrible, you are wrong. Do not hesitate to visit this hotel. It exceeded all of our expectations.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fivefergs
<Content>Royal Club, Royal Treatment we stayed the week of January 5th...as property owners we upgraded to the Royal Club...please consider this level for the extra money...the service, staff, restaurant, pool, guest room, private beach area which is stocked with beer, soda and water was well worth the money...you never felt like you were in this hugh resort..dinner reservations in the restaurants are no problem and yes we ate in the buffet restaurants 2 nights and waited in line but you can't feed 2000 people in one seating....there were always plenty of beach chairs at the beach and pool area...the hotel grounds are beautiful, clean, lobby spacious, plenty of activities and the activitiy kids do a good job during the day and then putting on the shows at night, a dollar here and there for the staff goes a long way and is greatly appreciated. We would return to the hotel but only stay in the royal club rooms because we really felt like a vip....  
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>corozaldave
<Content>Pathetic service Without a doubt this was the worst service I have ever experienced in my life. We go on three vacations per year and have for the past 10 years. We take our teen age kids with us for Xmas and New Years and included them this year as well, we have been to the Dominican Republic at least 10 times, PP, Romano, Santa Domingo and Punta Cana. So we have no great expectations of fantastic service but expect good service. Well, the Occidental Grand Flamenco is the last place on earth you'll want to go if your looking for a stress free relaxing holiday. We arrived on Dec 19, we got two rooms, one for my wife and I and one for the kids. All went well until we got to our room and found it occupied? Oh well within 1 1/2 hours we got a new unoccupied room. Then the fun began. We had to line up for everything. Line up to get into the buffet (15-45 min), once inside you had to hunt down a table. We'd split up and hunt to speed up the process. Then you'd sometimes have to clean and set it yourself (if you waited for the staff to do it, who knows if you'd even have time to eat before they closed.) Then line up for food, if you wanted a drink the only way was to get it yourself. We found this out after our first day, when we asked 4 times in a 1 hour 40 minute period and ended up leaving without getting a drink. The real pain was the mornings, I need coffee!!! Unless you went and got your own cup and literally chased after a coffee server, forget a morning coffee, refills were not happening. Enough about trying to eat and drink. Our second night we went back to our room around 6 pm to shower and get ready for the evening adventure of trying to eat. I had no luck with on key opening the door, the other key worked only after playing with it for a few minutes. Once in our room we found it was not made up or cleaned. My wife (she speaks fluent Spanish) found the cleaning maid and asked why. She was told the maid could not open the door with her pass key. My wife called the front desk to ask to get our room cleaned and fresh towels sent. She then explained that the door lock was not working correctly and asked to have it fixed as we didn't want to arrive back at our room at 1 am and find we can't get in. The first answer was what do you want us to do about it? my wife then said I want it fixed, they said they had no time, did we want to move to another room? The staff was terrible, and insulting to the point my wife was afraid to go to the beach towel woman to get towels, it became my job. We I questioned her on this she said go ahead a complain if you want, I don't care! On day 3 I'd had enough, I asked to see the Manager, you had to get in line (what else is new?) He was a very nice fellow, but all he did was make excuses, but he did make a call and our door lock was fixed immediately after. I told him to his face that this is the most mismanaged resort I've even been to, and it's a real shame, it's a beautiful facility, on a fantastic beach but pathetic service that left you insane on a daily basis. Don't waste your money and stress yourself out at this Hotel, in talking to others and with past experiences there are lots of very good alternatives in Punta Cana. I could go on and on about this but I'm sure you get the drift.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Great! Me and my friend were in Punta Cana at the Flamenco for two weeks in November 2003. While we were there the buffet was under construction but the staff tried their best to accomodate everyone. We had supper at the Italian, Mexican, all the a-la-carte restaurants and the food was just great (we are both picky eaters). I must admitt that I was a little worried before I left because I read the reveiws and there were more negative ones than positive ones. But I am happy we went becuase we had the time of our lives. We went to the Club Mangu which was fun but we also went to the Dominican Clubs outside the grounds and had a blast. The people are just wonderful. So I suggest you go and have fun; the beach is beautiful. Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Vacation Ever Do yourself a favor and stay far away from this hotel. In other words don't waste your money going to this hotel. Food was discusting,service ext. slow,rooms not as shown, bathrooms worse than public washrooms. Nightly entertainment not the greatest and needs improvement. Employee's at hotel main desk or guest services not very helpful. If you need something done asking once is not going to cut it....4-5 times maybe. Grounds are kept very clean. Pools are clean and quite big and nice. Management at this hotel seems to be lacking in all areas. Do yourself a favor and read through all the reviews as this is what I did not do and could have saved myself alot of money. I have nothing to gain from writing this and the reason for me writing is to save some poor soles the stress and frustration of a bad holiday. Check out some other hotels before deciding on this one.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here My actual complaint letter is five pages long. Do not stay at this hotel. It is two star, at best. Food is horrible. Staff is rude. Service is nonexistent.Be prepared to be approached daily by people offering you a VIP upgrade at extra cost.Be prepared to wait for EVERYTHING. We waited four hours (after three phone calls) for a roll of toilet paper. Stand in line for EVERYTHING.Be prepared for food poisoning.Be prepared to clear and set your own table.Be prepared to be outright lied to by staff.Be prepared for sub standard food and service. Even the rooms are horrible. We went through 4 in one week.Items advertised in the brochures are not atually available. They promise horseback riding - 30 minutes for 2,200 people in one week. You do the math. The New Year's Gala did not exist. Beach towels are stained with dark splotches. You can not access the pool chairs.Guest services staff were great, but their hands are tied. Just don't stay at this hotel. We were miserable.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay This hotel was amazing, and the staff was wonderful. I read the negative reviews the night before we left, and I almost considered cancelling. I am glad now that I didn't. We got into our room as soon as we arrived. The room was very clean. Tipping goes a long way here. We tipped the bartender once when we first got there, and he knew us for the duration of our stay. The food could use some improvement, but I am a vegetarian and didn't have a great deal of trouble finding something to eat. While I was staying here, I realized how truly spoiled Americans are. People were complaining about everything, and treating the staff like imbeciles just because they don't speak perfect English in a Spanish country! My advice is that you focus on having a good time, no matter what the circumstances, and see humor in potentially irksome situations (such as when we received a note that our room was being fumigated that day). If you keep an open mind about your vacation, and remember the fact that you are in a foreign country and not America, everything will be great!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise On Earth My husband, another couple and I stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana from Dec 26th 2003 to January 9th 2004. My hubby and I were in Building 22 and our friends were in Building 13. We had a wonderful time. Rooms are spotless and the concierge service always makes sure that the beer fridge is always stacked up. Bring some kind of a plastic card (something like a credit card but NOT a credit card) to stick in the air conditioning slot cause the keys are attached to their air conditioner card and its no fun walking into a boiling hot room. The staff at this hotel is friendly but somewhat slow-paced and altho I know it's a vacation and it's the time to relax and just have fun, they seemed a little too slow even for that. As far as dining is concerned, the buffet is horrible and after a couple of days, just the smell made us nauseous but the other restaurants are quite yummy but the waiters are (once again) slow, so be prepared to have a 1 1/2 to 2 hour supper. It also a good idea to stand in line early in the morning to make reservations at these restaurants because it is no fun standing in line at 11am on a hot, humid day. We have no kids but the kids that were there seemed to have a wonderful time. The beach is absolutely beautiful and the sand is perfect. Plenty of chairs and palapas (those umbrellas made of leaves) available all the time. It's okay to leave your beach bag and stuff at your chair to go swimming or to eat. No one touches anything. Personally, we always took our camcorder and camera with us when we actually left the beach to go and eat. The only annoyance was the noise from the helicopters flying overhead. Locals aren't allowed on the beach and neither are vendors. Important to bring enough of everything cause the hotel store is quite expensive ($6 US for a bag of chips, $19 US for suntan lotion). Souvernirs can be bought at the Plaza Bavaro which is just off the hotel grounds and always start the bargaining at 50% or more. Who ever heard of 3 t-shirts for $60?!? The pools are quite nice and very clean and the swim-up bar is a favorite hang out for lotsa people so be prepared to wait unless you flash some $$$ (the bartender will literally trip over his feet to serve you). Order a Bahama Mama or a Ziggy Ziggy...amazing! The nitely entertainment is quite boring and we only watched one show. Also, the music in the lobby is extremely repetitive. As for excursions, try the Isla Saona and the Bavaro Runners. I don't suggest swimming with the dolphins at Manati Park as they are mistreated and their living conditions are horrible. This was told to us by 2 different tour operators. It was an amazing and relaxing vacation and we will be returning to Punta Cana to try a different hotel in September 2004.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can we say the best!! December 26th- January 3rdwell, i live in florida, my mom and family in wisconsin and we went to th DR (Dominican Republic).what can i say, when we arrived we were tired, and hot, when we got to the room we thought their was a power failure, we didnt know how to work anything, but it turned our that you have to stick the card into a slot to put the power on, anyway, we went to bed, and the next morning my brother was sick, he stayed in the room took some medicine and we headed downstairslots of good looking girls (for the guys), food and drinks were the best ever. PLEASE IGNORE ALL THOSE COMMENTS, THE FOOD WAS TERRIFIC A 5 STAR. The pool very big, fun, and had a swim-up bar. in the evening we went to the spectacular show, gret, great dancing, just pure amazed.New Years is awesome, and i forgot to mention, the service isnt great, one negative thing about this place, plus only one place to eat before main meals, which is the snack bar, food isnt good, but chicken nuggets and drinks are good.Give the lobby 2-5 calls and they will get to your room. So ya thats it, sorry for making it long, BUT IT IS WORTH THE TRIPP.S. DRINK THE LEMONADE IT IS THE BEST!!!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation!!! Recommend to all! We (two couples) visited The Occidental Grand Flamenco Resort in October, 2003. All had a wonderful time! The beach is beautiful; the resort is EXTREMELY clean; the pool is gorgeous; the employees couldn't have been more helpful and pleasant.We stayed in Building 13. Perfect location! Close to the beach. Not far from the Home Rum Restaurant and the pool. Actually, nothing is far away. Building 13 did have a couple of water heater problems that week (Oct 6 - 13), but once brought to the resort's attention, the problem was corrected in a timely fashion.I had read multiple reviews prior to going and, frankly, was a bit worried, but there was no need to worry. Our stay was uneventful. Security was present, but not overly-so. We experienced no armed guards with the exception of one gentleman posted outside the local bank up in the local shopping area, which we felt was reasonable. The native people were kind and cooperative. None were pushy or intrusive. When you said no, thank you, they said okay and there was no pressure. We felt safe at all times. Now, we weren't stupid. We didn't stray from the public areas. We didn't take alleyways. We kept most of our money in our room safe, but you could leave your beach bag at your lounge chair without worry that it would be tampered with or rummaged through. Being an all-inclusive, you just didn't need a whole lot and everybody had the same thing you had - so your stuff was not interesting to anyone.The beach was clean and beautiful. It was like walking on flour! The pool, too, was clean and sparkling at all times. If you are a person who is offended by topless bathing, you will not enjoy the beach, as it is permissible and practiced. It, however, is not permitted at the pool, at least according to the pool rules, however, apparently, some are either not capable of following the rules; are above following the rules, or, simply, did not read the rules. At any rate, you will experience some topless bathing at the pool also.The food. Well, there's an area that could be worked on a bit. While there was PLENTY of food to be had, most was not real palatable. Don't get me wrong, we did not go hungry by any means, but, we did broaden our food ranges! You have to find your menu or your places to best meet your needs. Most of your needs can be met, probably not at the same location, though. My recommendation is that you take your own condiments. That was one thing we did and we very grateful! We watched others walking around us just wishing they had that Heinz Ketchup or Hellman's Mayonaise for their hamburger and fries.No vendors approached you on the beach. There were beach vendors, but you walked to them!The personnel in the resort-owned shops, were a bit less friendly than others. The personnel booking reservations for the restaurants have the attitude that you should be aware of the practices and not waste their time with silly questions. They, actually were rude! In addition, if you change your mind - THAT REALLLLLLY upsets them. They are not helpful in letting you know when certain restaurants are already booked for certain evenings, so you can make a decision, without inconveniencing them. Everyone else, though, was very pleasant.We had a wonderful time and intend to visit again in 2004.Thank you Occidental Resorts. Specifically, The Grand Flamenco - Punta Cana!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic holiday I spent the Christmas week at this hotel with two of my friends and had an excellent stay. The weather was in the 80's everyday. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. I do not have any complaints and would revisit again. Our rooms were very clean, the beach was beautiful, the food, service, spa facilities and nightly entertainment were excellent. This hotel is suitable for people of all ages as theres something for everyone. Occassionally the staff were a little slow in taking drinks orders and laying tables in the main restaurant, but it didn't happen everyday and it wasn't as if we were ever in a rush. The only disappointment was the amount of complaining people did over silly little matters when really all they needed was use their common sense. For example the hot water is only switched on three hours in the morning and three at night and people were complaining about only having lukewarm showers...... who actually wants a piping hot shower with temperatures in the 80's anyway.? There were also complaints about cold food from people who we noticed came down to the main restaurant (which was buffet style) after 10.00pm expecting to obtain a hot meal when it closed at 10.30pm. Obviously none of the dishes would be topped up with hot food by staff as they were soon to close. A few girls complained about being asked to abide by the dress code of the main restaurant ....... ? dress codes are in place for a reason! Apart from these persistant whingers I throughly enjoyed myself and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it - Worst Vacation ever!!! Everything from the food, to the rooms (mold,grime, and more mold) contributed to the worst vacation we have ever experienced. Do yourselves a favour and stay away from this place. We went for New Years, 2004 and frankly, we should have stayed home for we would have had a better time.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfull Vacation! On December 21/2003 my and my family (husband and 10 year old son) come back from week of WONDERFULLLLL Vacation in Grand Flamenco by Occidental in Punta Cana! Three days before our trip I read revievs on this site and I was devastated! So many bad reviews, so many unhappy people! I really did not know what to expect but...everything was great! O.K. maybe some food was not so tasty but...there are so many choices that no one should be walking hungry. Some of the people complained about stomach problems...yes, that is the water in the D.R. I had the same problem during my vacation in Cuba and Puerto Plata so... Just in few words: resort is beautyfull, staff very friendly,large, nice rooms, many activities for kids and adults. I ralize one thing - if some people were unhappy this is because they are this way, always complaining abut everything. If this was not good enough for you...next time stay in 5+* resort- I am sure you will have problems and you will be unhappy regardless... Just go on vacation and relax, don't look for bad things and down sides...If you are going to this resort i am sure you will have amaizing time and think positive even after reading some of the reviews.... Have fun!!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Beach! My four year old son and I travelled to thsi resort in March of 2003. The beach was sooo beautiful. White Sand, however, be at the beach early if you want a chair. The resort is very clean!The food was good but often repetitive. My son ate lots of pizza, pasta and a wide variety of deserts at the buffet. There is a small hut restaurant with hotdogs and hamburgers and cool drinks as well as icecream and popcorn. This is great for kids as you can sit out of the sun.There are plenty of pools, great for kids. The Kids club was good as well. Good activities and the kids show - Min disco at night is fun for the kids and encourages parental involvement.Rooms - Big, spacious, patio, ask for building 13 by the beach. We were not by the beach but close enough.The rooms are older but fine. We did not spend much time in there.Nightlife: I travelled alone with my son so I cannot comment. We did take in a few shows that were good. Great Dancers and singing was good.A la Carte - Book Early! We only went to one as we were told the wait is long for kids. We did Italian and it was good but the wait was long.It is a great family spot... activities on the beach, no vendors on the beach at all. One night a week there is a flea market with local vendors, they are very pushy. Nice things like cigars , jewelery, art, etc.Gym: Don't plan to bench press- Gym very limited Cardo equipment limited and space is small, equipment is old.You will have fun. The staff were very freindly to kids. My son loved the people. I would go back.Lots of bottled Water! Aqua..  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>recommend - 3 families from michigan We were at the resort from 12/18-12/24 and stayed in the Royal Club. This is definately the way to go. The service was very good. We had beautiful rooms and our own pool and restaurant and best yet our own beach front ( that was patrolled by security). They keep it small in the Royal club to give personalized service and they do it well. The food was not 5 star, but there was plenty to eat. We had a few vegetarians and they had their fill of fresh fruits and vegetables and breads. While we were there, they opened the main restaurant near the lobby and that was very nice. We loved the beach and the weather and the people were very nice. Again I cannot say enough about the Royal Club and after reading reviews about the rest of the resort would not stay anywhere else in this resort. We did not experience any of the room hardships that have been listed before. Some of our family members did experience some tummy troubles so take your pepto bismul, zantac, gas-x and immodium. Take time to enjoy the people and their country. P.S. Don't forget to get alot of vanilla. It is delicious!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Got bumped from this hotel I can't actually comment on what the Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana is like because we got bumped from the hotel before we even arrived! We arrived in Punta Cana on December 28th and were told at the airport from the AirTransat representative that we were now going to staying at the Barecelo Caribe because there wasn't room for us at the Flamenco. It wasn't just us that was bumped, but everyone travelling from Ottawa on the same flight who were booked for this resort. Apparently, this continued throughout the week. I met a man from Edmonton who got bumped as well.So far, all that Air Transat is offering us is $100 Can each! (which according to my travel agent may be only a voucher towards another trip).What makes me mad, is that there is no excuse for this sort of screw-up in this age of computers. As well, we spent a lot of time researching resorts on the web and then to be told that there isn't room is inexcusable. As a result ot this experience, we will think twice about booking at an Occidental Hotel or through the same charter company again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Trip, Good Food, Great Service. I have traveled throughout the Caribbean (10 islands). This is a wonderful resort for all. We went with another family of four and all eight had a great time. There are things to do for all ages. This resort is not Americanized. The rooms are good, the food is warm and good, the entertainment is good, the location was great and the weather was great. We enjoyed sharing time with the many American and Europeans we met and it was great to see our english speaking kids interacting with those from other countries. Communication was not a problem. We had no issues when it came to service, it was great. I would suggest staying in Building 13 or Building 26 if you are not going to the Royal Club which appeared very nice. The only true negative is that you can not drink the tap water, so you must use bottle water to brush your teeth. Have a great time.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it so much, going soon for the fourth time! My husband and I have done plenty of Warm Winter Traveling for years and by far, this is our favorite resort. We are getting ready for our fourth trip to DR and can't wait to relax at the resort. We have always felt welcomed and well provided for by the entire staff. When we arrive at check in it can be very busy, so be patient. When you get a bus load at once, it will take time. It will be warm, so have someone in your party walk over to the lobby bar for refreshments. If you tell them you are checking in, you will be served. For about $20.00 you can take a cab from the airport and get there before the bus, which helps with your wait. Even if you have vouchers for a free bus ride, talk to a cab driver or two and see what kind of deal they will give you. IMPORTANT: Always settle on a price before getting into a cab and don't be afraid to check with more than one cabby!!The rooms are always clean, bright, and comfortable. Remember, you are in a differnt country so things will be different than home. The food is fresh, taste, and plenty of it. The deserts are always my favorite. There are a few resturants that require reservations and we have learned that regardless what the booklets may tell you about making them, go Sunday morning to the desk in the lobby by the Buffet and make all your resevations for the week. This way you are in the book and don't have to go every morning. We were given this info by the staff. Another tip: Bring a large, insulated mug with a lid for your beverages. Whether for juice, beer, cocktails or water, they will fill them for you. Sometimes they like to tease you a bit, but don't worry, they always enjoy it when we are checking out, we bring the muggs(washed) to the beach bar bartenders as an extra tip. Tipping is not necessary, as it is included in your purchase price, but, we do give the bartenders, waiters in the exclusive dinning, house keeping gals a tip from time to time. Just a little extra goes a very long way. These people work sun up to sun down 7 days a week for very little, so with a couple US dollars, they will make your trip much more pleasent. The house keeping gals love little white womens socks or lotions or little personal treats. A $10.00-$20.00 bill left when you go is also another way to tip them. The grounds, beach, entertainment and relaxation is all wonderful and with any trip, talk to people you know that may have been here to help you make your own plans. Word of mouth is always best and knowing a few tips always helps. When we return this year, I will give a fresh update on the resort.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>julie13
<Content>beautifull beach but really bad food. We spent two weeks at this hotel from 18/11/03-3/12/03. The beach is awsome. the grounds are beautifull, The first room we had was small dark and horrible. The second room was better. The bathrooms in both rooms were terible. They really need upgrading. So do the rooms. The food was not great and I am NOT a picky eater some days it was hard to find anything to eat, never mind anything nice. But I do like salad. which I ate most days. silly thing to do abroad. as I became very ill out there on my 13th day, on arriving back to the UK I want straight to my GPs as I was very ill, and I was diagnosed with SHIGELLA, BACILLARY DYSENTERY. so if you can't cook it, boil it, peel it, forget it, is the advice on the shigella web sight. A month on and I am not yet full recovered. needless to say I will never go back to the DR. I would be interested to know if anyone else has been diagnosed with shigella after being at this resort.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away We are a family of 5 who visited the resort from 12/19-12/26/03. We have taken many vacations to all inclusives and this place was the worst. Look at the other reviews. It was unbelievable!! We had a leak in the roof and at times we had no water. Our boys shared a room and had no air conditionong for 1 night. Our complaints were ignored and the Apple rep was of no help. There were a host of other abuses but no sense going into each. The beach was crowded like the Jersey shore.We had other family at the resort with similiar experiences.Frankly, too many of us( 4 families to move). I have never posted a review before but this place simply got me so mad that I had to write this....Be warned  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice time We were there Dec. 27 - Jan 3. 2004. I would have to say that most of the negative comments I have been reading on this site are just nonsense. The resort is impeccable. The food ranges from OK to pretty good, not great, but this is an all inclusive after all -- it's not Ruth's Chris Steak House. You get what you pay for. I will say that both my wife and I suffered from some sort of gastro-intestinal bloating, but I think that comes from the Island water, which you can not avoid because its in the ice machines, and the food prep, etc. My wife actually gained about 15 lbs. in a week from water retention - she started out at about 110 and now she is 124 - but like I say, it's in the ice and some people are susceptible to the local bacterias found in the water.Here's the long and short of it. The resort is really beautiful. We found the staff to be extremely pleasant and cooperative. I thought the restaurants were surprisingly good. This is a very large resort -- it is amazing they keep it all flowing so smoothly. There are a lot of people at this resort, but the staff somehow manages to keep it running pretty well.I have to comment on the band. The resort has its own band and entertainment troupe that performs every night. The band is truly excellent. I would compare them to a late night television band - like Leno or Letterman - except the music is all Carribean/Spanish. This band and the singers are truly excellent. They tour around at different Occidental resorts. The male singer is a showman, out of the Ricky Ricardo character mold, and the female lead singer looks like a Carribean Barbie doll, i.e., very attractive, as well as talented. The rest of the entertainment troupe is ok. They perform little skits and dance numbers. If you are into music, watch the base player, who is also the band leader -- really sharp.The rooms are spacious. The restaurants are ok to good. I gave them a couple of dollar tips right at the beginning, and after that, they treated me like a king. They brought out special appetizers, etc. Many of them don't speak much English, but enough of them do, so there is no problem getting by. But if you throw them a few dollars as a tip right at the beginning, they kind of go crazy over you. It really doesn't cost that much, but they sure appreciate it. Too many people don't tip at all - on the theory that they are at an all inclusive and therefore don't have to tip. But if you give tips you do get special treatment.My biggest disappointment was that the pools in Punta Cana are not heated. None of the resorts heat the pools. And they don't have hot tubs. For this reason alone, I would never go back to Punta Cana. If you go to the Westin Rio Mar in Puerto Rico, or to the Fountainbleu Hotel in Miami, you get a heated pool, a couple of hot tubs (very hot) and the ocean a short walk away. Thus you get three levels of temperature in a short walking distance. (Of course these hotels cost a whole lot more than the Grand Flamenco.) I talked to a lot of other people on my plane, and none of the resorts have heated pools in Punta Cana. It gets down to like 68 degrees at night, and around 83 during the day, so the pool temperature was around 78, which is refreshing, to put it nicely. When I go to a resort, I want to have a pool temperature of about 84-85 degrees, and I want a hot tub to sit in at night. So, while I had a good time on this vacation, and met a lot of really fun people, I wouldn't go back to Punta Cana due to the pool/hot tub situation. But if that is not important to you, and you are looking for a beautiful resort and beach, beautiful pool, nice food, plenty of drink, lots of bars, all at a very reasonable price, then I would heartily recommend the Grand Flamenco on Bavaro Beach.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mixed reviews just got back 12-31. we were there for christmas week.I had a great time,everyone else in our group of 4kids and 4 adults whined and complained. food was sometimes good and sometimes not.but hey this is the dominican not new york,or paris. the service was ok, the people are very friendly but they move very slowwwwwwwwww, but hey this is not new york, where everyone is in a hurry.youre on vacation relax. the place was crowded, but hey again its the holidays , everyone and their mother is there. the place was very under staffed for the amount of people staying there.no excuse for that. the entertainment was very enjoyable. the beaches beautiful, the pools very nice , the weather was great except for some wind on 1 or 2 days,but hey you cant blame the hotel for that.  I had a great time, the worst part of my vacation was listening to everyone with me complain and whine about everything ,instead of just trying to enjoy the good and overlook the bad. I guess its all in your attitude, just remember youre on vacation relax . another suggestion is dont go during the holidays like all other places its crowded, go during the off times, like mid jan. etc.....  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First impression was good but .... We had booked to stay in the Royal Club but upon arrival were checked into a normal room. We then had the nightmare of trying to explain to the reception staff that they had it wrong which took up nearly all of our first evening and most of the next morning. Luckily I had all my booking receipts with me or I don't think they would have tried to sort it out at all. In the end Guest Services admitted a mistake had been made but he was very vague as to who was at fault. Our travel Agent blame the hotel! So if you're thinking about booking Royal Club be warned - make sure it's all ok before you go and take your booking receipts. As there appeared to be a lot of large parties in the Royal Club we have our suspicions that we may have been pushed out to accommodate a large booking, but that's only our opinion! Anyway this got the holiday off to a bad start. As the Royal Club was full they moved us nearer the ocean and issued us with the red wristbands so we could use the facilities. We stayed in 13.104 which was spacious and clean but the bathroom fittings were shabby also we didn't have hot water for 4 days. The reception area, pools and grounds are immaculate there was always someone tending to the gardens, sweeping the paths and just generally keeping it clean and tidy. The beach is beautiful but be prepared to get up early if you want a sunbed in a good position as these are all reserved as soon as it's light, the same applies to the pool area. The sea is very rough. We are good swimmers and enjoyed the waves but I don't think it's safe for small children as there is also quite a strong undercurrent. What really let this place down was the food. We had breakfast in the Royal Club which was a lot nicer than the main Buffet. This restaurant also did lunch and snacks up until 7 o'clock. There was a snack bar by the main pool serving hot dogs, chips etc this was ok and seemed popular. the pizza restaurant was probably the best, but who wants to pay all that money to eat pizza all week? The italian was good the first time not so good the second. The service there, although polite and friendly, is extremely slow mainly due to the strange way that they book everyone in at once instead of staggering it throughout the evening. We waited an hour before they even took our order. The steakhouse was awful. The Buffet had plenty of choice - you would have to be very fussy not to find something you would like in there -but it wasn't always as hot as it should have been and the surroundings weren't good - like a work's canteen. By midweek we were all off our food anyway as one by one the 3 of us came down with violent diarrhoea and vomiting. I have never felt so ill in all my life. We don't actually think it was anything to do with the food as none of us had eaten the same thing, we don't know what it was but we must be the only family that all lost 7lbs over Christmas! A lot of the other comments on this site say that the staff were rude/unfriendly but we didn't find that at all. In conclusion the place looks good, the beach is lovely but the food lets it down badly and if that is an important part of the holiday for you then I would say don't stay here. If you're happy with pizza, hotdogs, chips etc and don't mind the Buffet atmosphere then you'll enjoy it. I expected a lot better and was glad that we only booked a week. We would go back to the D. Republic but not to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it!!! I went to the occidental grand flanco punta cana on the 18th august and got back on the 1st september and i were very upset to be coming home so soon. We loved the weather even though we had a couple of days of rain which didn't stop us doing the normal things. The breakfast was the best meal as there was lots of freash and exotic fruits to choose from. Even though me and my family loved every meal i would say the worst one was dinner because they had the same sort of thing every night. The entertainment during the day was very good but during the night the show were sort of the same because all of the dancing was spainish in some sort of form. The staff were very friendly. The was this one bar tendent called enriquo and he looked exactly like will smith did when he was younger and sounded like him too with the ye ha ha thing. So watch out for that if you go there. Also there is a night cub next to the hotel called mangy andit is very quite. All in all the occidental grand flamenco punta cana is a great hotel to go to and i would deffinatly go there in the near future.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pace_ripley
<Content>Awful Food, Inept Service, Amazing Beach We returned yesterday (12/31/2003) from a six-day vacation at this resort. As you may gather from the title, we did not have a great time. For those short in time, I will describe why not to go to this resort, and if you are intent on going, make sure you read this long treatise as it will prepare you for your trip. I encountered the reviews here when it was too late for me, so I hope these will be of help.1. The food at the resort is unacceptable. It is difficult to provide a menu of foods that were not tasty but everything from the presentation, to the actual deep-fried-everything and the nasty griddles in use, makes dining a nightmare. 2. If you wish to get the better courses being offered (pasta with sauce, fish, omelets to name a few) you will have to stand through long lines (15 minutes or more). 3. The wait staff is clueless you ask for a drink and maybe 20 minutes later someone will meander to your table and provide you with what you asked. I normally went to the bar and served myself. 4. There are 3 restaurants that require reservations. To reserve normally 2 days in advance, you have to stand in very long lines in the morning. The restaurants are never reserved to capacity and always get sold out . The food there is still eons better than the one in the dining rooms. 5. If you book your trip not through a wholesaler (Liberty Travel, Air Canada, etc.), you will be looked upon as a weirdo. Worse, any travel arrangements (daytrips or other excursion) are made DIRECTLY with the person you speak with at the guest services area. We had a trip cancelled on us (no one bothered to tell us and we waited for an hour for nothing) and then had to wait for another half day to the person who sold us the trip to pay us back. In other words, the hotel does not vouch or back the reservation process, and no one found that to be bizarre. With almost $200 online, I doubt anyone will remain serene knowing that. 6. There is only intermittent supply of warm water for showers. There is never warm water between 4 and 6 PM, when you normally would want to wash. 7. No entertainment is offered other than a very lame show the staff of the resort presents at night. Television reception is rather bad and consists of ESPN, CNN and sometimes the Discovery Channel. The resort has a disco but the town itself Bavaro makes Tijuana looks like Paris so there is nothing to do at night. There are no movies on TV or anything. Bring a book. 8. There are no guides that explain the procedures at the resort to you. The staff is really good in not knowing things and when they do try to help, it normally results in forwarding you to another person who will then forward you to another.Now, for the survival guide to the Grand Flamenco resort: It costs $22 to get to the resort from Punta Cana airport in a taxi. Once there, although there is a big sign saying that the check-in time is 3:00 PM and despite the fact that we arrived at 4:00 PM, our room was not ready until 5:00 PM. Could be worse, as during our stay people who made reservations to this specific resort arrived to find out that they simply did not have rooms there, so beware. The reception staff too, is not of the most knowledgeable ilk, and management is an unknown entity. Not knowing appeared to be all too common throughout our visit. The rooms and the grounds are impeccably clean and well groomed. 'King size' beds are actually two full-size beds positioned next to each other. Not the most romantic arrangement. If your room is next to the main pool, you may have trouble sleeping because of the show that runs till past 11 PM and often the entertainment crew will blast its music deep into the night (1 AM is common). The resort's beach is truly beautiful with a clean strip of white sand and turquoise water and tall palm trees. The water is warm and the waves are a lot of fun. The swimming pools, while clean and large, still suffer from a shortage of room when the beach became too windy - something that happened frequently during our stay. People 'park' their towels on the loungers there and leave them taken. The towels are $30 each - if you happen to lose them - an unnerving fact if you think about it. I would have brought my own had I known about this policy. Another aggravating fee is the $15 payment in order to get a LOCK for the safe in the room. Yes, there is a safe. No, there is no native lock. You have to 'rent' it for the duration of your stay. It appears to be common practice among all resorts, though. Not cool if you do not feel like walking around with cash in your hands while who knows what is cleaning/fixing your room. The resort has 8 locations providing meals: the buffet - the main dining room; the beach club - a dining room on the beach; Home Rums ( ) which offers burgers and deep-friend everything, a pizza stand , a taco stand , an Italian restaurant, a Mexican restaurant and a steak house. The last three require reservations and the main dining rooms suffer from food that makes military rations seem sublime. The stands actually have good food, require no reservations, and have the best waiters, and are located between the Italian and Mexican restaurants. Finally, communications: local calls made from the room are expensive almost $5 each. International calls are even more expensive. My ATT wireless international phone (TDAM and GSM) was online but the local system refused to let it call out. There is an Internet caf茅 of sorts at $7 per 30 minutes, but just outside the resort you can find a cheaper Internet caf茅. Many people at the resort attributed these ills to the fact that it is new. For $220 per night, I deserve so much better. Occidental Hotels, which owns this resort, apparently operates many other locations with better success, but this one is a complete and utter dud.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>'Grand' is an appropriate term! This resort was awesome! We traveled in a very large group, nearly 30 people May 06-13th, 2003. When we arrived we greeted immediately and were checked-in, in less the 20 minutes.The rooms were always spotless and we left our made little tip items like pringles chips, toothpaste, hand cream and they left us beautiful, fresh flowers all over our bedroom and bathroom each day. The service was also great, these poor servers are there from dawn till dusk, so if they aren't perfect-GIVE THEM A BREAK! We, fortunately, had no problems all staff was courteous and very attentive to our needs.The food was good, not fabulous but good. A variety of pasta was served everynight for those who didnt want the theme dish (seafood, mexican, etc) Breakfast was always great, serving most traditional American brekfast foods. One thing though, they only have goats milk.... Then there is the Rum Run which serves hamburgers, chicken burgers, hot dogs, french fries etc, and is located pool side.The beaches are second to none, white sand and turquoise water as far as you can see. There is a great little market about 15 minutes down the beach that sells pictures, jewelry, souvenirs, etc-BUT BE READY TO BARGAIN! The first store when you reach the market is ran by Michael- hes very helpful, ask for him if there a problem. And the if your looking to get braids done, at that same story a lady named 'Love' does the best braids on the beach. I got mine in the first day I was there and they still looked awesome 3 weeks later-plus they ask reasonable prices :)Please don't listen to the negative reviews- this hotel is fabulous, people, service food and view.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I have just returned from a week long stay at the resort (Oct 11-18) with a friend of mine (we are 23 and 25) and had a blast. Before going I read most of the reviews and was prepared for a struggle but apon arrival and for the rest of the week found nothing wrong. We stayed in building 11 on the 3rd floor the room was beautiful and the maid was very good to us. The resort is fairly big and this building is in a good spot not to far from the beach and lobby. I am the pickiest eater in the world and had no problem eating at the beach buffet everyday and the dinner buffet 5 nights out of 7 and neither of us got sick not even once which is odd according to the reviews. The beach was beautiful we got chairs right by the water everyday and had no problems leaving our stuff there to go in the water or walk down the beach. The disco on the resort Mangu is a good time also as long as you go after 12 other wise you will be the only one there. I would love to return not only to the country but to this resort we are going back in march but not to this resort(only because of money reasons).My advise is don't judge the resort based on the reviews go and make your mind up for yourself everyone is traveling with different needs so everyone will have a different out look. Just relax and have fun.You are a guest in this country be nice or at least civil it will get you a long way.They have different standard then most of us are used to but as long as you relax you will have a great time.Jessica  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dancegirl87
<Content>not the best, yet not the worst Well, this place was okay i have to say. I am 16, so this is from a teenager's point of view. We got there on the 21st and left the 30th and it was overall ok. The first days were betterthan the last when a million people arrived and u couldnt even get thru the buffet. ok so the beach is pretty good, the water is wonderful, especially at nite! the sun, great i got a nice tan. the pool was excellent too.the restaurants sucked and i mean they sucked..u had to wait like 1 1/2 hours for your food and it seemed like they made everything from leftovers from the buffet which wasnt even that great to begin with. Drinks were ok, but u can juss save time by gettin it urself at the restaurant and the buffet, cuz waitin for it, ud neva get it. The room was nice, nicely cleaned, fortunatly we had no problems with the room and we had a nice veiw of the pool and the buffet. the nitelife is pretty good, u dont get too bored. the casino is fun wen u have money, the shows r nicely chereographed but they look need more work! ClubMangu is funwhen u come with people, the music is 40 percent ok, but like 60% is merengue, which is realli overboard, but they do play hip hop occasioanlly. thesecond floor is wild, beware! a lot of canadians, its crazy but i did meet A NICE variety of people from all ova the world, and learned new things, so it was a pretty good vacation, wih the exception of the down points.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you require a warm or hot shower - this is not the place for you! Just returned, was there over Xmas week, and maybe that's their excuse but: - not a single hot shower for either of us, at any time of day or night, the entire week - management's apology was a bottle of vodka ( at an all inclusiver resort where the alcohol was free - huh?) All I wanted was some warm water! - terribly understaffed. Dining room was always a zoo, and you'd walk around for 15+ minutes looking for a table, which when found was not cleaned so - you better be prepared to clean it and set it yourself - our room had a broken toilet, which was running and dripping water, complaint was lodged on the first day of our arrival, needless to say, it had not even been looked at by the time we left - buffet was a full body contact sport.On a positive note, the beach was beautiful and the evening entertainment was very enjoyable. Food was OK. The staff worked hard, but the resort was terribly understaffed and unfortunately most of the staff only spoke Spanish.Hope your experience is better than ours.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>needs new management, horrible service Terrible service. they are woefully understaffed, so that you spend your entire vacation trying to get the attention of a passing waiter or bartender. by the end, you are literally chasing them across the restaurant with your coffee cup in hand. i am not exaggerating. by the end of our 9 days -- 12/18-26/2003 -- everyone in the resort -- 100s of people -- were complaining non-stop about the crummy service. aside from that, the resort is beautiful, the beach great, the food very good, the rooms clean and comfortable. management, however, is absent, unattentive and unconcerned by the flood of complaints. they were rude to my wife -- and others -- basically just saying take a hike. they solved nothing. my kids were literally persecuted by the lazy girls in the mini-club, who punished them, left them out of activities, etc. when i repeatedly complained, they did nothing. the head of the fun club -- evening abnd kid activities -- was a dominican playboy who was concerned only to preen and pick up foreign chicks and hang out at the bar. what a joke! this is a Spanish-owned resort, and it suffers from arrogant, absentee owners who do nothing to find solutions to the myriad problems there.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most Perfect Vacation Ever Arrived Dec. 11 and returned Dec. 18. This was the most perfect vacation I have had. The weather was warm and sunny all week. The resort was super clean as was our room. We had a room overlooking the pool area. I found the food excellent at the restaurants and if there happened to be something we didn't care for there was always the buffet we could go to and select exactly what we wanted to eat. The beach with its white sand was amazing. There were plenty of chairs available unless you wanted the shade you had to arrive early. Food, drinks, entertainment and the resort on the whole was perfect!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing I just got back from Punta Cana on a FAM Trip that Air Canada Vacations put on and the trip was amazing. They do have a bit of renovations going on but it did not interfere with our stay. The food was okay and the staff was great. If you needed anything they were there as soon as they could. People in this hotel were friendly and they understood English. I am thinking of going back next year as my stay was to short . I would recommend this hotel to my clients. Thanks to the staff at the hotel that were great and hope to see them all again next year.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kalevitt
<Content>Wonderful Time We just returned from a week long family vacation (11/23- 11/30) of two adults and three children (13,11,8). Yes, there is ongoing construction and maintenance, but none of it interfered with our enjoyment of the resort. The beach was immaculate with plenty of chairs to be found at all hours of the day. With two beach bars and buffets available for lunch, no one could complain of being hungry or thirsty. The pools were beautiful and also had plenty of chairs. With an ongoing buffet  bar along with a swim up bar at the main pool, all members of our crew were happy and well fed. The younger two spent some time at the Kids Club and had a wonderful time playing with their new friends. They especially enjoyed the games and activities during the day and then the little show where they got to go on stage at night. There were plenty of activities for the adults who wanted to be involved too, and the staff was not pushy if you said no. With the renovations at the restaurants, there was some initial confusion as to where to eat dinner, but all we had to do was ask. With a very fussy 8 year old, we stuck to the buffet, which had a nice assortment for different tastes each night. Our only complaint was that the food could have been hotter. Our rooms were very clean, but not fully restocked with supplies every day. Big jugs of water are kept in the mini refrigerator as you cannot drink the tap water, and we did run out. But again, once we asked for more it was given quickly and graciously. You can arrange tours through the resort, but be prepared to pay cash, and at an average of $70 per person, it adds up quickly. We chose to go through our tour representative for the side excursions. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful when asked for information, and we never ran into a language barrier. As a matter of fact, most of the staff seemed to speak fluent multiple languages. We would recommend this resort to both couples and families alike.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst hotel in DR. If you want bad service Hands down this is the worst hotel in Punta Cana, Domincan Republic. Please do yourself a favor and don't even look at this hotel unless you love poor service and attitude.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Twice in less than a year! November 8, 2003, was our second trip to the Grand Flamenco this year. We read all the reviews before our first trip and we were really prepared! If you haven't read about how to keep on the air conditioning, the need for a few tea light candles, how to RSVP your beach chairs, dont drink the water, etc., you need to read the reviews! Our first trip the end of April 2003 was fantastic! Yes, the beaches and pools are topless and yes my husband got whiplash on both our visits! But, the beach is the most beautiful white powder sand I ever experienced. The people were from around the world all ages all shapes, all languages, etc a very interesting, warm and friendly blend. A word about tipping it does go far very far! We tipped the maid at least $3 a day and $10 on the last day. Bartenders (we had our favorites) normally received $1 for each time we went to the bar (which if you do this, you will see a major difference in your drink and service) yes, we agree with everyone, the Tiki-tiki is the best, but ask for it with 151! The food: breakfast is the best meal of the day plenty of fresh fruits! We ate lunch normally at the beach (which is very good) but, the dinner buffet was disappointing/horrible. The end of April it begins to get very hot and eating when its hot makes the food taste even worse. Avoid the buffet at night. Make dinner RSVPs as soon as possible. If you cant get in, go and get the pizza not bad at all! The room in April was very clean and as previously said in the review, the bathroom needs renovation. The hotel staff, and we mean everyone, was fantastic and very accommodating! BTW, if you drink Coke, either bring your own or you will need to step outside to the front of the hotel. Also, we brought our own swim floats well worth it! There is a little store with the basics inside (Coke, cards, hats, aspirin, sunscreen, etc.) but be prepared to pay. Beware on Thursday and Friday nights, the hotel lets a few vendors in to sell their goods (jewelry, cigars, trinkets, dust collectors, etc.) during the afternoon and evening the prices are high and they know most folks have not been off the resort to shop around for good prices. The vendors are actually the storekeepers located in front of the hotel. Also, when a time-share guy comes up to you, just tell them you already heard about it and are not interested or just walk (or run as fast as possible) away! The best way to avoid them, stay away from the main walkway during the day stay on the beach!In November we stayed in the Royal Club (which we did not know about in April). The Royal Club is the best of the best! I need not explain this more but, the service was unsurpassed; private beach (which also meant no early rising to RSVP a cabana) cooler on the beach filled with goodies, private restaurant, etc.! Its definitely worth the extra money and yes, we will be back again someday!BTW... the hotel is undergoing a major rennovation where the buffet restaurants is located. It's a terrible mess. Definitely avoid this area if you can and eat only in the individual restaurants!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not recommend This resort does not deserve the 4 1/2 star rating. We traveled on Nov 21-28th, there was still construction but this was not too much of a problem. The food/drinks were terrible and the service was worse. The only good part about the resort was the beach. The surf could be rough at times but thats the Atlantic for you. The staff was often rude or did not understand english, our maid was good though and kept the room clean. They might be happy and singing a lot but that did not mean you would be getting any service. I did not use the safe but probably a good idea, my husband stayed in the room when maintenance was called for no hot water and lack of pressure in the shower. I will not be going back to the dominican republic- it will be Iberostar resorts only for me - I have been to good ones in Mexico, Occidental does not come close.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation From Hell November 26, 2003My husband and I are two of Air Transat Holidays unfortunate clients who spent the week of November 7 to 14 in the Dominican Republic staying at the Occidental Gran Flamenco, Punta Cana. Thier brochure and website rate this hotel as a four and half star property, but at the time of our visit it did not meet the standard of a three star property. At the time of our visit, the buffet, beach club and several restaurants were under renovation.Our decision on this property was made based on the information in the Air Transat Holidays brochure and the Occidental Gran Flamenco website, neither of which mentioned any renovations. The renovations to the buffet resulted in the buffet being served in the stage area and theGrill Restaurant. There was not enough seating for the number or guests and because the buffet was divided into two sections; it was necessary to go to both lines to obtain a complete meal. The result was if you ate at the buffet, you had to wait for a table and stand in two lines to obtain your meal. Not once during our stay were we able to enjoy a hot meal from the buffet. We had to eat at dirty tables, surrounded by dirty dishes to consume lukewarm or cold meals.It was very difficult to obtain a reservation to dine at the a la carte restaurants. The reservation system allowed only you to reserve for the current day or the day following. There was so much demand that all spots available were filled before 9:00am. During our stay, we were able to obtain reservations for only two dinners. For our meal at The Grill restaurant, my husband was served tenderloin of beef that was rancid. The staff at the restaurant were unapologetic and made no effort satisfy the problem. We reported this incident immediately to guest services at the hotel, but there was no further response from the hotel. It was at this time we tried to contact the Air Transat Holidays representative for Punta Cana, she did not answer at the number we had been given at any time between 7:30 to10:00 pm. We left a detailed message the following morning but received no response that day and the following day was her day off. If we had been able to contact her, we would have requested a change in accommodation. Since we were not able to do so we remained at the Flamenco, where the next morning a note under our door informed us that more renovations were planned which interfered with the operation of the both the Mexican and the Italian restaurant. That made all their restaurants under some degree of renovation with no clear plan on how to provide food services to their guests. In addition to the problem with food services at the Flamenco, we had one complete day with no running water in our room and the service at the beach left much to be desired. Often we were not able to obtain beach towels, some days the wait was an hour, on others days the staff had no idea when more towels were coming. We had to keep our dirty towels or go without. The brochure advertises that windsurfing, kayaking, and sailing are included. During our stay, despite many requests we were never able to persuade the staff to put a sailboat in the water. The constant explanation was that it was either too windy or too wavy. The resorts on either side of us must have completely different weather as their sailboats and kayaks were constantly in the water. The beach staff at the Flamenco were interested only in selling us the motorized sports that were not included in our package. If we had been informed about the renovations at the Gran Flamenco when we were making our reservation, we would have chosen a different property. I spoke directly with Air Transat reservations to assist in choosing a property because this was our first visit to the Dominican. The other services we received from Air Transat for this vacation were exceptional; the staff at the Vancouver airport was helpful and polite. The flight crew on our flights were wonderful. The transfers worked smoothly and our accommodation in Vancouver was just as advertised. However, what should have been the best part of our vacation the time in Punta Cana fell far short of our expectations, because of the inferior food service and inadequate service at the beach. I am sure that our complaint is not the only one they will receive about the problems at the Gran Flamenco, Punta Cana as there were many unsatisfied guests there. Neither the staff of the hotel or your representative in Punta Cana showed any interest in resolving any of the problems we encountered; we certainly hope that this is not indicative of your company policy. The problems at the hotel resulted in our having a vacation from hell instead of a vacation in paradise. The complaints we have expressed in this letter are a brief overview and do not constitute a comprehensive list of the problems we encountered at the hotel. If you wish to hear more details, please contact us and we will be glad to provide them. Sue_wilman @hotmail.com Sincerely,Frank and Suzanne Wilmancc: Carlson Travel Hotel Occidental Grand Flamenco   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Week at this Resort My wife and I stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana for a week (10/30/03-11/6/03) and we had a wonderful time. After reading several reviews of this property, we were a little apprehensive....but now we just feel sorry for the folks that had a bad time there. Don't know what they expected or what they are use to, but they certainly missed a great time! The property is spotless and well maintained - never took a walk without seeing someone working - picking up litter, sweeping walkways, removing the water from the most recent downpour! All were friendly and never hesitated to say hello and smile! The room cleaning crews were efficient and thorough and very helpful if we needed something. The food was wonderful and the ala carte restaurants that we visited (Italian, Steak House, and Mexican) were super. We never lacked for plenty of food (too much! we ultimately had to cut out lunches so we could fit on the plane to return home!) We stayed in a Junior Suite (18-205) and were lucky enough to have our sleeping quarters on the dry side of the unit! The sleeping quarters were on the second floor with a guest room above us - the living room side had a roof over it - directly in the path of the daily rain shower - and it leaked fairly profusely! We understand that the roofs throughout the complex are a bit inadequate, so ask when you check in if you are on the top floor - and if you are, try to get moved to a lower level, or be prepared to move your belongings to the driest area of the unit! and then laugh at the situation and enjoy it - a bit of the tropics right in your room! We definitely recommend this resort and will certainly come back and visit again!!! By the way, we also took a one day excursion to Santo Domingo. Highly recommended to see history, some lovely countryside, and Columbus' remains (highly disputed since you can see the same thing in Seville, Spain!). Dominicans are wonderful hosts and very friendly!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday from Hell ! The place will be lovely in a months time... I have just got back from two weeks there and must say it was hell !!The staff were great but the place is a total building site and all the food is being served outside and is guarenteed to give you the squits, EVERY DAY !!!If you want my advise, don't go until they have finished building unless you can put up with staying on a building site with banging and drilling from 7am until 10pm.. I can't believe the other reviewers on this site went to the same hotel ??Certainly not what I was expecting after a 9 hour flight and 4000 miles ! The bounty advert this is not ! If you are yet to book my advice is also to go to the south coast where you have the Caribean sea.. the sea at this resort is rough. A man drown while we were there and you couldn't do any watersports as the red flag was up everyday.Feel free to contact me. I will even send you some photos !  
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed We thought we were going to paradise to see our freinds get married. We had been told that some work was on going at the hotel. We double checked with travel company they assured us that the work would not affect our stay, How wrong they were. Beach Bar and Restaurant should have been open by the time we arrived still building it when we left. Fisrt night Pizza Restaurant up stairs in the open great we thought. nice food nice ambience not for long 3 days in to stay both Restauarnts on top level closed.... still closed when we leave. The building work now left us with Buffet Restaurant This was like eating school dinners all over again. The food was uneatable in the few Restaurant we had left. Captain Cooks Restaurant saved us. a ten minute walk down the beach there it was we ate there every lunch and did with out dinner. We even went to Captain Cooks on our freinds wedding day. We have complained about the building work but dont think any one will listen, ceilings falling in on people, rain water running over food just became the norm on this holiday. I will not be returning to so called paradise...  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A dream vacation I went from Nov 9 - 16 - 2003 with my boyfriend to this nice hotel, we had the all-inclusive packages from Alba Tours. It rained a bit the first couple of days but after if was just nice and sunny. They put us in building 24 but i found that there wasn't any hot water there so I complained and they changed us to another building where everything worked perfectly, Carolina in Customer Service was very nice and treated us very well. The beach is just beautiful and there is plenty of room for everyone there, the swimming pools are huge and clean and the swim-bar is great, the barman Pedro was the best ...all day he was cheerful. The food in general was good, plenty of variety in the buffet and resturants a la carte were very good specially the Italian and the Pizzeria...although be careful with the Mexican restaurant because the food could be a bit heavy. Try the Banana Mama Frozen drink ....it is heaven ! The shows everynight were fun....the dancers are really good I was really surprised, and there is a Club inside the hotel that is good too but it starts to get busy around midnight or later. The tour representative at the hotel was very nice and gave us good advices especially if you want to go outside the resort for shopping. You can find stuff at much better price in the stores outside the resort (walking distance) but you will have to put with a bit of hasseling and pressure from the salespeople when bargaining, however you can get very good deals. I think we'll go back to this resort down the road.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back! stayed Oct. 29th tru Nov.5th '03 Apple VacationsThis was our first trip out of the U.S. This resort was just what we imagined, and MORE! The weather was good, although it was cloudy a lot of the time...but it did not ruin being outdoors. The grounds were emmaculatley kept every day, and it was absolutley beautiful!!!Tons of landscaped palms covered the entire resort, and ground lights on at night made the views more exceptional! The whole resort is outdoors...meaning; the buildings have roofs and tile floors, but their are no doors (except of course for your hotel room). We especially liked this. The lobby itself is pretty inside; lots of tables and couches to visit at while sipping your favorite alcohol or tropical drink. It is great that the alcohol and the food is included in the all- inclusive packages (as we chose), because you deffinatley consume much much more than what you pay for. I advise trying the popular drink COCO-LOCO...wonderfully refreshing on a hot Dominican day, and delicious. You must ask for it to be made with alcohol though (rum). It is cold and slushy, white, with a light coconut flavor (you can choose strawberry flavor, although they dont always understand the word strawberry).The La Reses Buffet had succulent food every night. Lots and lots to choose from, always hot and fresh. You are able to take your plate out of the buffet and out to the stage area, where you can eat, and watch a stage performance if you choose. The restaurants, Home Rum Steak House (at night only), La Hacienda, and La Viaetro you must have reservations for two days in advance. La Hacienda was the only bad part of our trip. The Hostess was rude, and set us at a table where noone was working at. She never even gave us any menus. After we asked for them, it took at least 15 minutes to even have anyone give us water, or place settings. Our reservation was t 8pm, and by 9:15 we actually got to eat!!!!!!!! The food was good, but not worth the wait. We ate at the Steak House the next night, again at 8pm....by 9:15, we had finished our entire meal and on our way to see a show! The steak was perfectly cooked and luciously tender.The beach and its view was fantastic!!!!! There are little huts along the way where they cook food, and drink huts as well. The gifts shops are priced about the same as any tourist shop you could imagine. They have virtually everything you need. There is also a doctors ofice on site as well. There are 2 pools, one swim up bar, and a kid pool. They were beautiful as well, along with lots of dry palm treed umbrellas to relax under.Our room was well taken care of everyday, and if you wind up in bldg. 13 with Guillermo, youll be in good hands! Although tipping is included in your package, it is advised when you recieve exceptional service. There was a slight language barrier, but for the most part you get by with a little basic spanish. If you decide to go on an excursion, we recommend the Maranarium Snorkling. It is an extra cost, but well worth the experience and fun fun fun!!!The thing to watch out for is street venders!!!! Much haggling and pressure. The driving is chaotic!!! No stop signs or stop lights!!!! The sun is VERY strong....take breaks! Our son got terribly burned from only 1 day of a few hours.Apple left us no suprises, preping us well, and giving good recomendations. An Apple Rep. is at the resort everyday or so for 1-3hours in case you need help or have questions. Ours, Juan Barsy was extremly personable, and helpful. He helped make our trip worth while.Overall, our vacation was terrific, and we look forward to going back. The Grand Flamenco is family oriented, and wonderful for bringing children to. (on one sad note: The Dominican Repulica is a very poor country, in which we did not know. On your ride to the resort, you will see the poverty people live in. It is a whole nother world inside your resort.)  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time October 25th- November 1st 2003, We had a pleasant experience. My husband and I purchased our package through BJ's Vacations. We flew USairways out of BWI, changed planes in Charlotte NC...Arrived in Punta Cana at 2:15 pm. Tens dollars per person for a tourist pass in Punta Cana Airport, then you proceed through Immigration. We picked up our luggage and at the exit Prieto Tours greeted us and the gentleman took our luggage and took us to the bus to transfer to the resort. Fransico Asked which resort we would be going to and asked for our transfer slips and told us Tony would meet us in the Lobby of the resort the following day(Sunday) at 10:00 am. We arrived at the Resort at 3:15pm and were checked in , served a pina colada. We stayed in building 26 (room 26233) right around to corner from the beach.. perfect. Our room was large, clean, the bar was stocked with soda , beer, and half gal of bottle water. The tub in the bathroom could have used a refinishing and change the shower head, it was fine and there was plenty of hot water. There is a sticker on the mirror indicating not to drink the tap water. My husband is spanish so there were no problems with communicating. I found the desk personale and bar tenders were fluent in at least 3 languages. I think people need to realize not to speak so rapid also not to use slang. Even though my husband spoke spanish, usually whom ever we spoke to would ask if I understood or spoke spanish, they always went out of their way to make sure I understood what was spoken or they would speak english to me. I enjoyed the buffett, there was always a variety, Breakfast , eggs cooked every way or have an omlette. pancakes, french toast, breads and pastres, fruit, yogurt, cereals, milk, coco, tea, juice etc. The coffee is strong, my husband made cafe con leche' half hot milk and coffee. We had lunch on the beach, Paella was wonderful, again alot to choose from, salad, tacos, grilled meat, chicken, burgers, deli meats and cheese, fruit , desserts, ice cream...and much more. We had dinner in the Mexican restuarant, unfortunally I order mixed grill, the meat was fine, the lobster was not fully cooked it was partially raw...I did not complain we just left and went down to the buffet for dessert and coffee ..I did write it in the resort review that they will give you about mid week...Las Reses was excellent,, I had the grilled tender loin , all the beef is raised in the Domincian Republic, it is very tastey but not quite as tender to what Americans are used too. The Italian restuarant was also excellent...I had Fetticuni Alfredo, pasta was cooked to perfect and the sauce was light not to heavey cooked with alittle ham and onion?? it was delightful.. That evening was my Birthday and my husband arranged through the hospitally personale to have a cake for me, of course all the waite help sang Feliz Cumpleanos..The cake was wonderful...The rest of the time we had dinner at the buffet, the theme changed every evening, French one night, Italian, Dominican night , It was all very good..The evening entertainment was fun, it is geered toward family, this is a family resort. They would evolve the children, they would dance and lip sink to songs..I believe it was part of the activities they offered for children..We did not see every show but what we saw we enjoyed..Halloween was a fun music extravgazza, with rocky horror picture show performances and also Michael Jacksons Thriller, you would have thought you were watching the video thats how good it was. Over all the weather was very good.. If it rained is was late in the day or at night. There is an umbrella in everyroom if you needed one. One night there was a down pour which flooded the walk ways, but the staff was out there removing the water as quick as they could. It did close the main pool for a day in a half to clean it, and add chemicals. That one down pour did leak between the walls in our room in the closet where the safe is.. so our papers, and passports were a little damp, no damage . I reported it and they dried it out, I used the laudry bag and rapped up the passports and put it back in the safe. We enjoyed the beach, volley ball and kayaking.. we took the Altos de Chavon/ Saona catamaran tour with Prieto tours.. we had a wonderful time.. Tony with Prieto tours was very informative and helpful.. I would go to Grand Flamenco again..  
<Date>Nov 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very Good Stay!!!!! I`ve been to D.R. from 30Set03 untill 7Oct03 we stayed (me and my husband) at Occidental Gran Flammenco.At arrival we were received with a big smile and a coco loco welcoming drink and they send us to our room. The room was 12202 it was located at the 2nd floor, when we arrive at building 12 we were amazed by positive with the entrance of our building. The room was all arranged and very clean, the bathroom was very good but we saw black spots of erosion on the bath tub, about the room for the all week we had Filipe that cleaned our room very well and he also made several things with our t-shirts, every day we had some beautifull animals made with our t-shirts over our bed. I have to mentioned that i only tip him on our last day...! Due to my natinality i speak a bit of spanish so i did not have problems with beeing understood, but one thing that i have to mentioned every personnel of the hotel that drove, walked by us gave us a OL脕!!!!. One of the things i`ve talked with them was that they had some difficulties in sometimes understand english, german, and french people, sometimes at the beach bar i was often called to help them understanding what people was asking them, so thats why i assume that their difficulties in the languages is oftem mistaken with rudness and not be very nice and friendly people. For my all trip i`ve only 2 complains the buffet area and the beach area. On the buffet area due to their original buffet is beeing reconstructed they put the buffet on the shows area at for dinner we often get nervous not because of the food but people us to go to dinner at 7 o`clock the shows started at 10pm and from seven untill 10pm they would not leave their table, that means that if someone wants to dinner at 8 or 9 o`clock there is no table, and if we complain that we want a table to dinner they say that they can`t do anything.but our problems were solved we didn`t saw any show so we had always table on other restaurant. On the beach area the problem is ther is no respect for anything or anybody but not for hotel staff but from the tourist staing there. If you want a spot under a shadow you have to wake up at least 5.30am... yes we saw people going to the beach at 5.00am to reserve chairs, and also be aware with your towels because my towel was stolen but i got lucky because some people saw who stole it and after some discussion i was able to get it back or unless i had to pay usd30 for 1 towel. For the hole tryp i have no more complains,hotel staff very, very nice for example one day my husband was so tired that he didn`t want to dinner so i thought that the home run restaurant was open aty night but i was wrong, when i got there i saw that at night it was another restaurant, when i arrived there they ask me if i had a reservation i said no and started to went away they grabe me and said for god sake dond`t worry you can eat here, and i did with no reservation. At the beach the satff was very kind and i got to become friend with all of them ANULFO in special to joke with i often said ANULFO FOR PRESIDENT!!!!. In general i liked it very much didn`t got sick,diharrea or vomiting, yes there were somethings i didn`t like but there was always something else to eat.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paridise Just got back from Occidental Grand Flamenco on 10/16/03 Reading reviews before going was so very helpful. I didnt have a credit card to use in the slot for the lights and air,,however my block buster video card work just fine and it was a life saver to keep the air on at all times!! It was so,so,so hot !! 95-100 everyday !! We had rain on one day for about a hour,,then you couldnt even tell it had rained. And thanks for the advise on taking a large drinking container,,we took gatorade bottles and had them filled up with lemonade all the time. The place is beautiful, our room was wonderful,bld 12 2nd floor rm 12-217. It had the raised timber ceiling, one king size bed that we wanted to bring home !! It was very peaceful there. The staff is very nice and willing to help with anything,,but we had such a problem with the language. We speak no spanish at all and that made it rough. I recommend for anyone going to make dinner reservations at the grill and order the # 7 kabobs YUM !! after we got the hang of where all we could eat,,it was fine. The mexican rest. ok. The grill was our favorite. We loved the place!! It was wonderful, however I think we both prefer to go out to dinner in airconditioning (the mexican rest.has air. ) but most of the dinning was out side and it was hot. Our room was cleaned everyday, the fridge stocked with a 7-up a pepsi and two beers every day. We dont drink so we traded in our beer for extra 7-up and pepsi. The property is well kept, everything was clean, the grounds, room, pools,dinning area,lobby,bathrooms everything, clean. No creepy crawlies, did'nt need the off You might want to take along a small hand held battery fan. Top less sun bathers yep. I thought i'd be bothered by that, but hey i was tempted to just join in cause it was so hot. It really didnt bother me. We took small gifts for our maid and laid one out everyday on a bed pillow before leaving the room. She was so sweet, knew no english, but we had understandable hand language.hehe One day when we came back to our room, she had arranged around our bathroom green leaves and red flowers !! it was very pretty. Nice people, great place to stay and play. Go, just find ways to keep cool. You will come home happy and rested.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible experience! Our room was assaulted and had stolen them all the dollars... We finished to arrive of Punta cana where we passed ours worse vacations of has 7 years! We was housed in the Hotel Occidental Grand Flamengo during 2 weeks. We arrived the 14/9 and we returned to Lisbon in the 28/9/2003. The stolen dollars, were kept in a luggage very codified insurance. They had been lost mornings to try to decide the situation with a Portuguese mannager-resident, Mr. Nuno. Received always from foot in the lobby of the hotel and hearing always the same contradictions, it was dragging the situation until the our departure without any justification and responsibility a time that we inside found 2 employed with blue uniform one with a tools box of our room without any order for repairing of you damage... This procedure is against the norms of the hotel therefore only on presence of the owner of the room, of the woman of the cleanness or security, can remain in the rooms. These last ones, are that they can open the door of the room. The management did not obtain until the o finishes day to explain us this procedure. Although the reason was of our side, the hotel did not want to assume the robbery not to consist that robberies exist and the hotel is safe, marketing and statistics, only in damage of who project its vacation, makes savings....On the day of our departure, a guest presented complaint for the lack of a valuable clock of its luggage. A couple of Brazilians, counted to us that during the trip they had been alerted for the robberies. I leave this alert one to that in the future they travel the same hotel destination. Better luck and that better they are dealt with on the part the Portuguese management! Guincho07 - 2003.10.03  
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clio_1200
<Content>good in day, crap at night We travelled to D.P on the 28/09/03, the weather was great, the pool area is nice, the beach is lovely but the night life is crap. They do have a nightly show but we were not really into that, if your not into shows don't go to this hotel, the nightclub doesnt open until 11pm and the only bar other than were the shows at is in the lobby, it is really depressing in there, you have a bloke playing a piano and the music is terrible, it sends you to sleep! Other than that the hotel is good, the food is fine, despite what other reveiws said we had no problems. Tanya x  
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun, sun and sand!! When we first reserved our vacation we were a bit hesitant after reading the reviews on this site. However, we are proud to say that the reviews do not do the resort justice. It is much better than how the other reviews depict it. The resort is extremely well kept. The grounds are beautiful and the beach is like the one you see on postcards. White sandy beaches as far as the eye can see. The food is fine. I highly recommend the mexican and pizzeria restaurants. The pizza is delicious and fresh. They make it fresh in front of you. The rooms are very big and airy. The tubs are in so-so condition but overall kept very clean. Make sure to bring an extra ''credit card sized '' card for the air conditioning and lighting. Otherwise, your room will not be cool. The guards are very good at what they do. No one is allowed on the resort unless they are guests of the hotel. They screen everyone, especially at night when the discotheque is closing. The discotheque at the resort called 'Mangu' is the most happening club in Punta Cana. People from all the other resorts travel to the club at night. There are two floors. The first level is salsa-merengue style music while the second floor is hip hop and pop. We met people from around the world. My only advice is to be very careful when booking excursions. We booked the 4 wheels excusion and were suppose to go 4 wheeling on the beach but instead ended up going 4 wheeling in a garbage littered dump. Be careful even with your airline rep. Just one last note: have a drink and relax! You are on vacation. If you spend all your time trying to point out all the negative aspects of the resort your memories will also be negative. Have fun!!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Calling all beach bums My husband and I went to the Occidental Grand Flamenco last Nov16-30/02. It was our fourth trip to the D.R. ,but the first to Punta Cana.We've been doing the all incllusive thing for several years now and quite enjoy it.I consider ourselves to be low maintainance  travelers as well as well experieneced, it takes alot to rattle us. Here's a few ,shall we say, experiences we had -Upon check in last year our room was , shall we say not ready for us. The sheets didn't look fresh{I won't tell you what kind of hair I saw on the sheets} and there was NO towels in the room. We had to ask at the front desk that night but none arrived. We had to ask again in the morning . Nice first impression. The maid service continued to be haphazard at best our whole vacation. Some days we would come in from the beach to no towels at 6pm , as they were still washing them. Not very convienient. What surprised me most about this is we routinely leave gifts /or cash on the pillow for them but this didn't seem to ensure any further promptness of service. The rooms otherwise were nice and spacious ,but I really don't care if I can't take a shower. We started hiding towels in our room to make sure we had something there at the end of the day.Very Strange! Lesson here , always bring a couple of your own towels. -The idea of bringing your own travel mugs is something that we have always done at all inclusives, and this was particularly handy at this resort as they has self serve beer on tap at the beach restaraunt as well as a little refreshment hut on the beach,{ can you tell we're Canadians eh?}because you could wait a long time for a drink otherwise.{Especially at the lobby bar in the evening+++} -The food was OK. Nothing to write home about. The whole a la cartes are all overrated. At least at the buffets you can pick and choose. We went to the steakhouse {I say that tongue in cheek} restaurant one night and I got some platter that had some white scary sausage on it. Sorry senor you must have mistaken me for a German. My rule of thumb is I don't eat anything I can' t identify. We left and went to the buffet. The buffet could be stiflingly hot some evenings , but hey , between playing beach volleyball a couple hours a day and it being too hot to eat some nights I came home in better shape than ever. -The entertainment is OK and the Mangu disco is Ok ,but definitely not the world class kind you see in Cancun and the like, have a few Presidentes{beers} and you'll have fun trying to move your body like a dominican .The drinks werent included there,and the prices seemed to be whatever mood the bartender was in and not the listed price on the menu beware of that as you might end up not having enough pesos for your order. - For shopping stay away from the tourist trap market and go to the Amelia Market to the supermarket there where you don't have to haggle if thats not your thing . You can get vanilla and rum there, There is also a bank money exchange there that has a better exchange than the resort. Also close by there is a small cigar factory that is very higher end, Romana Cigars , they are all hand made there. Very nice owner {French} , they make very nice gifts, he made a wonderfully packaged up set of cigars for a cigar afficionado friend of ours, and he said they were the best he's had . _Have fun , be sun smart ,SPF up, bring a well stocked first aid kit and don't take it all too seriously . We're going back to Punta Cana this year just not to this resort as the price during January is not a good value in my opinion.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was good for the money but.... Well my boyfriend and I just got back from Punta Cana on Sept 21/03. We stayed for one week, and let me tell you that was plenty. We got an incredible deal on the trip so I really can't complain but I will anyways. The resort itself is amazing...beautiful landscaping, pools, beach etc. Let me break it down for you...Flight: The flight was good, from Toronto to the DR is approx 4 hours. We had a bit of bad turbulance when flying near hurricane Isabel. It was very freaky because we flew right next to it and you could see the actual black clouds right outside my window...and they were moving in a fast circular motion which freaked me out completely! I'm not a fan of flying so that didn't help much. So we left Pearson Airport at 6:45am an arrived in the DR around 11am. We all loaded on to our bus and it took about 25 min to get to the resort. If a normal sane person was driving it would probably take 45. They are crazy drivers there!!Check In: I can't speak for other people but our check in was a breeze, thanks to a little help from the trusty one dollar bill (american of course). As we all know check in is at 3pm so waiting for 4 hours in the heat with our luggage sprawled all over the place wasn't even a question. So, this is where my boyfriend's sweet talking and money came into the picture. On past reviews we've read not to get the 3rd floor because when it rains (which it DOES) the roof leaks and the 1st floor has bugs we decided to go with the 2nd. We were already booked for a 1st floor in building 11 but we asked the lady if she could switch us to a 2nd floor room. She said she would try so we slipped her a buck just for trying. Then she found us an AWSOME 2nd floor room that was already made up and the view was of the ocean and the pool! So for that we slipped her another bill. We were put in room 25208 in building 25. The rooms are nice and big with a bar fridge, coffee table, 2 big chairs, TV, a/c, hairdryer, and 2 double beds pushed together lol...that was fine though...BIG BED!!! When we finished putting our things away and changing we decided to go eat something and found lots of people hanging around the lobby with their luggage sweating to death...I highly suggest a little bribery with the money...it's worth it!!Food: The food wasn't all THAT bad. The main buffet by the lobby is in need of some variety. There were things there that I wouldn't of even touched if I was starving to death but some other things were defintaly edible..such as potatoes, pasta, rice, and all that good stuff you actually know what it is by looking at it and not having to read the little sign above it to find out what it is. As for breakfast, the scrambled eggs are a little too watery for my taste so I just got an omelet every day which they make right in front of you...and they are very tastey. I highly recommend booking your a la cartes right away. The mexican was amazing. We had the chicken and beef fajitas. Exellent. And after your meal they make you do a damaging shot of tequila. Fun. The Italian resturant was absolutly dissapointing. We arrived and right off the bat our waiter was being rude. He mocked my boyfriend because he stuttered trying to say something and the waiter made fun of him. Not impressed. Then I ordered the alfredo and my bf ordered the lasagna. It literally took almost an hour for us to get our food. We were so pissed. We saw people come in way after us and they got served within 20mins. So when we did get our food we took one bite and got up and left. I don't recommend the Italian, the food isnt' that good anyway. We didn't go to the other a la carte because we missed our reservation...I will be telling you about that later...I highly recommend the pizza place. Amazing personal sized pizza although I think they only have one oven so it took a little while to make our order but it was well worth it. Also when worse comes to worse there is Home rum ontop of the swim up bar which serves burgers, fries, hotdogs, all day breakfast and all of that goodstuff you may be missing from home. the fries are excellent. Oh I almost forgot...the beach buffet. STAY AWAY...it's nasty. There is one good thing there and that is the sandwiches they make from fried meat, onions,peppers and sauce...everything else is gross....actually I lied, the BBQ chicken is good but make sure it's cooked. Also they seem to have a nice salad bar but NO DRESSING TO BE FOUND....Weather: As soon as we stepped off the plane, the heat wave hit me like a brick wall. I guess it was the time of year because in Feb when I was in Puerto Plata the humidity wasn't that bad. Anyway, I was wearing a black sweater and jeans which was a huge mistake. I suggest you get ready for the hot weather INSIDE the plane. As for the rest of the week, we had at least a short shower every day during the day and at night we had a pretty nice lightning show every night. It poured one night when we went to the pizza place and it totally flooded everything. They're draining systems SUCK...so if you think it's going to rain, DO NOT wear long pants or your best shoes because the walkways get totally flooded. Besides the rain, the days were beautiful and hot...sunny with some clouds but that's okay b/c the sun is deadly. I got extremly burnt the 2nd day we were there. We met a couple from England and we were hanging out for a few hours at the swim up bar and I didn't realize how strong the sun actually was until that night. Ouch. Let's just say for the next 2 days it looked like I was from Antarctica. I had to cover up...Wear LOTS of sunscreen unless you already have leather skin!!!Excursions: I HIGHLY recommend snorkelling on the glass bottom boat. I'm kind of iffy about swimming in the ocean and once I saw the boat that iffyness tripled. Once your on the boat though, it's okay...looks can be decieving. They bring you out to a reef which is about 10 min boat ride away but it took us about 20 minutes because the boat driver was taking us all over the place so we could see cool things under the water through the glass bottom. Very cool. Then you get to snorkle for about 40 mins which is amazing....they give you all the gear so it's well worth it. It cost us about 30 each CAN. Well worth it. Another adventure we went on was a trip to the town on Higuey and La Romana. Wow what a reality check! It's actually quite interesting to see how these people live off of the resort. If you get a chance please do so. We rented a car from the car rental shop just outside the resort called Europcar or something like that. Just for the day. Me, my boyfriend and the couple we met from England set out for our journey right after we rented. First we went to Higuey which is about 30 mins away from the resort...very poor place...people live in shacks....very different way of life here....then we decided to go a bit further (about an hour further) to La Romana. Now this town is not as poor as the other....there are resturants and landmarks...a huge church which is a popular tourist spot...that's when we decided we were hungry. Okay...maybe pack a lunch when your going out on the town because the resturants I saw weren't very appealing. We drove and drove and drove trying to find a place to eat...finally by fluke we spotted a very nice classy looking resturant which was wierd cuz it was right in the middle of a very poor area. Needless to say we went in. FOOD WAS AMAZING!!!! I will never find that here in Canada. Oh it was soo good...considering our bill came out to 3000 pesos which is like, I don't even wanna know how much CAN. And this is what we had....I had Alfredo, my boyfriend had this beef plate with a slab of beef and a few veggies, the couple we were with had fish and chicken and it was sooo expensive...but really good. I would like to tell you were it is if you have money to just waste on food, but we don't even know where it is....we started to call it the Oasis. It just showed up when it seemed we were driving in circles. On the way home, the sky was growing dark and my boyfriend really wanted to get back to the resort before dark. Yeah right like that was going to happend. Let me just warn you....the roads here are really bad. Pot holes are big enough so you can crawl inside and spend the night....so anyway, we're driving along and of course it starts to pour. Great. Then it's pitch black and there are locals driving around with no headlights on....very dangerous. We get lost. THEN, we hit this road which is pitch black and full of pot holes...well needless to say my boyfriend hit a big one and blew both tires on the right side of the car. We pull over and like out of nowhere these locals start surrounding us. Well of course we can't understand what they're saying so we didn't know if they wanted to help us or rob us. Me and the other girl were totally freaking out...I was so scared. Well, enough about that...let's just say we stopped a tour bus and he drove us back to the resort....Beach: Beach is beautiful...white sand...clean and it's not the type of sand that burns your feet off. No matter how hot it is, the sand is always cool. The water is gorgeous, a little rough for me but still nice...people were getting laughs out of being knocked unconsious because of big waves....Staff: Generally they are sweet, exept for the ass that served us at the Italian a la carte....we tipped the maid every day...before we left for the DR I went to a local Dollar store and picked up several pieces of make-up so for a tip we left a dollar plus a different thing of make-up everyday, later to realize that men also clean the rooms lol. I don't recommend that you wait until the last day of your vacation to leave one big tip. Tip every day because if you don't they won't think that your going to tip at all. If you tip daily, they make cute things out of the towels, over stock the fridge and leave pretty flowers in your bathroom.Entertainment/alcohol: It was different every night...kareoke, fashion shows, bands etc...very good performances. The Disco is great...they have a variety of music to suit everyone's taste. They seem to overload on the salsa and merengue though...go figure. The last night we were there we discovered that there is another part of the Disco up top. You go up a set of stairs outside on the left and it takes you to this awsome room...it has blue lights, SWINGS and great music. They play only dance and house type of music, which I like to listen to when i'm drinking so I was thrilled to learn of this place. I just wish I would of known about it sooner. That place is a MUST see... you can acess the downstairs disco from inside too, there are stairs. Anyway, later in the night in the blue/swing room they have 2 clowns that walk around on stilts...freaked me out but it was fun....definatly different.Overall: Overall I would probably go back if I got the same deal...I met people who paid double for the same thing...book LAST MINUTE. This resort is HUGE so it doesn't fill up too fast. I do recommend this place though...I had a great time and I will never forget it...I hope this review helps...I know it was long but I had a lot to say and I hope it's all useful info. Feel free to e-mail me with any questions/comments. Have a fun trip!!!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2003
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent trip .. highly recommended.. Just got back from a wonderful vacation at the Grand Flamingo in Punta Cana.. We arrived on Saturday morning and were immediatley checked in with beautiful smiles and a miami vice. Our rooms were always clean and so what if the maid forgot a bath towel once in a while!! Who cares?? You can t help but notice how friendly the staff is at the resort. I felt like they went out of there way to assist. They work in the blazing sun and still sing and smile .. makes you wonder who has it right in this world. I highly recommend the snorkling with Billy its about an hour long and if you can't get back in the boat they will lift you out.. I am still wondering how he managed to do that! Loved the shows at night.. they seemed to get better by the end. The bar is always nice and very friendly staff.. The Restaurants have great staff and nice atmoshperes.Take a safari ride called Bavaro Runners. I dont really buy the Marie Farm storey but the horse back riding will leave you breathless. you really will feel like your in a coffee commercial as you ride throught the mountains. I really cant seem to understand how anybody could complain.. Are we that spoiled in the first world..  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT!! Regardless of all the other reviews, I must say, it was amazing. My Mom, her friend, and I stayed at the Occidential Grand Flamenco from Aug. 24th-31st of 2003. Upon arrival at noon, we were informed that our room wouldn't be ready until 3, we ate lunched and lounged in the Lobby, come 3:30 our room still wasn't ready. That was annoying, I finally argued them into giving us some random room that was ready. We were finally checked in. I must say, the help was espicially nice and extremely helpful. They work in skorching heat all day for a pathetic paycheck, but yet they still manage to keep smiles on their faces. I was extremely impressed, it seemed like they really enjoyed what they did. Anyways, it rained pratically evey night, but it really didnt matter, because the days were always nice and sunny. I actually enjoyed the food. The buffett was good, although day after day the selection became more limited. I had no issue with that, and we had no problem in making reservation at the restaurants. Each one was really nice, although I enjoyed the Buffett more, because well, i'm 16, so I found in more socially interesting. We stayed in room 26 108, a nice view of the sandy beaches. We were rarely around during the day as we occupied ourselves with Swimming with dolphins, and visiting the capital Santo Domingo (uninteresting if your not tell interested in historical facts and shopping). The nightlife was pretty good, the shows were clich茅, meaning, nothing special. The lobby was the main bar, open until 1am, followed by the disco-Mangu. It was pretty good, besides the facts that drinks wern't free. I had a pretty good time, after meeting new people, it became more and more interesting. I hated to leave. In conclusion, the food was great, service exceptional and nightlife, satisfactory if you meet the right people. Any questions? e-mail me... -Alyse  
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday of a Lifetime The holiday was fantastic. The food was a fabulous variation. The entertainers did their job exceedingly well. The music made the holiday. The atmosphere couldn't be better. My whole family enjoyed it. And we intend to go back. Thankyou.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Go Here.... Summary: We have just returned from a 2 wk vacation at this resort. It's a beautiful resort and had a great time. (Sept 13-27). Despite the bad food reviews we thought what the heck lets try it out, we're not picky with our food. Well, much to our dissappointment, the food was horrendously awful, well the buffet was anyways. We were a group of 14 including children. The second day, a baby and dad got sick. Diarrhea for 9 days. Baby ended up in the hospital. Then, by the time the end of the trip came along, 9 of 14 of us got some sort of sickness, vomiting to diarrhea. Even though we all had a great time, we will never return to that country again. If that's the kind of food that they serve, especially with the unclean water they use, we have vowed never to go back to the D.R. unless of course we lost a bet!!Food: The buffet, dont even bother with. It sucked. You can look at the food and never figure out what they tried cooking. They let things sit out for a long time, therefore people got sick. They wash all the foods with the unclean water, therefore getting sick again. We even stayed away from things such as raw vegetables, tomatoes and so forth, but that didn't help much. The a la carte restaurants were the best. The mexican was most of the favourites. Don't attempt eating the lobster, we got sick off of those. They even tasted gross.Grounds: The grounds were gorgeous, very clean.Rooms: The rooms were also very clean, we stayed in complex 11, in front of Home Rum. It was great.Beach: Oh my, what a beach it was beautiful.Staff: The staff was always nice and accomodating, but many do not understand english very well.Sabrina Toronto  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>so so not great iwas ok not rellay my favore place service so so  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The real story I will try to tell you the real story on this hotel without to much emotions.On arrival we were helped quickly by the checkin desk. Mind you there were only two families from the netherlands. I have seen busloads of arrivals and even then it seemed that the que was processed quicly. The front desk people are suprisingly, not realy friendly. They look annoyed and do not produce a smile. When they speak to you it is in a very uninterrested manner. The do not look you in the eye most of the time. I think this would be one of the most important aspects for Occidental management to change. As they are the first impession for their guests.The hotels site is well inorder. Clean surroundings and lots of people to try to keep it clean troughout the day. The pools seemed to be cleaned each morning. Nice greens and plants.The restaurants our nice to stay in, airco in the specialty restaurants welcomes you when you enter. Food is the specialty restaurants is fine. The buffet is acceptable but not great. Three weeks heaving to eat there would deffinately be too long though. No need to wear long trousers or even real shoes, however t-shirts witgout sleaves are not permitted.The rooms are big enough to enjoy your stay. Cool and clean, no bugs. Beds need to be rennovated though as we broke two just by sleeping (!) on them. Bathroom also looked as it needed a makeover. Bathtub has black spots allover due to errosion. No stop was available and after trying to get on for ten days we simply gave up and keep on using a towel to keep the water from running prematurly. Good water pressure and always hot water (room 217).The beach deffinatly needs extra umbrellas to stay in the shade during the day. Way too little and way too many people needing one. So reservation is needed or you will be sunburned beyond recognition (at least in the first week). Too many palmtrees haven been cut to get a beach.Absolute digusting is the very large amount of sigarets thrown in the sand. You cannot take a step without stepping into one. alltough this is somting that the guests do the hotel should at least try to clean the beach daily (as for instance at RIU Palace (1997) and Bavaro Palace(1996) is done). The only cleaning I have seen was at the sea side to get rid of the seaweed.The Bavaro beaches are very crowdy and I have too say that the bounty feeling no longer there, at least for me. The swim area in the sea is marked with bouyes. You better not swim beyond as the watersports boats really are dangerous. They fly like madmen. The area where it is save to swim is not too big. especially at the shoreside it can be very crowdy.Real annouying are the helicopters. Yet another (new) excursions. They fly over the hotel and along the shore constantly. Again bye bye bounty feeling.Prices of watersports are absurd ie. 40 US$ (without tip) for parasailing (5-7 minutes). Sea Divers Pro dive centre is responsible for hosting the watersports. The way this works is that the get a beach spot from the hotel and for that they need to make some things available for free. Ie. canou, sailing, windsurf ans a free dive in the pool. However if you are not experienced you need to take lessons for the sailing and windsurfing. They also ask you if you want to loan these thing with or without inssurance (!). Why? they could not clear this up for us.The people at the Divecentre are not he most genuine friendly ones. Very very money orientated.Be aware for the timesharing like salesmen walking the hotelsite on mondays near the big stairs located at the entertainment stage. They clamp on you to sell the Occidental hotels throughout the world. I think you buy you way in to a couple of weeks each year. You get some sort of vip treatment to help them close the deal. It starts with the propers who get you into the presentation room, then you need to fill out some quenstionair (including your income!) by a second person and finnaly some big boss closes the deal. I always wonder WHY DO YOU WANT TO DO THAT!!! You cannot possibly checked out all the hotels in the world in one lifetime. There is so much more to see than one set of hotels. They want! your wife present during the sessions. It makes it easier to close the deal for them. As my wife died last year and I was there with my two kids, they quickly lost interrest. Cruel! But in this case fine with me.Conclusion:All in all we had a nice time but not realy special anymore (for us that is) in Punta Cana in general and the Occidental in special. White sands, blue seas but way too many people. The hotel is clean, has nice employees except for the front desk and the restaurant reservation guys. Reasonable good food, perfect drinks (also international) and lots and lots of free bottled water. Beaches would be better when also cleaned regularly. Annouying timesharing people and a too much money orientated Divecentre.Not a special holiday experience. I would not go there for a second time as there are more genuine resorts around the world. The Carribean feeling could not be created here.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>so so just arrived back today 30th september 2003 as with other reviews found the maid service to be excellent we were on the third floor of building 10 and overlooked the pool area this could be quite noisey at night especially if you have tired children wanting to go to bed as the noise from the nightly shows was very loud and found them to be quite boring and awful we went there for 2 weeks for a wedding from day one and for 3 days i was ill following this the rest of the 19 people in our party fell ill to some stomach bug resulting in the bride having to visit the doctor on site which cost her around $150 talking to some people from canada who had been there since the previous week a group of 14 they also had this bug so beware i think this place has an illness there that is passed from one person to another during our 2 week stay we were informed on the sunday night that on the monday the buffet resteraunt would close for work to be done to it ie: air con made bigger etc.. therefore we were made to eat outside in the show area which was very unpleasant as it was so hot outside even in the evening, and with the room overlooking the buffet the noise was horrendeous from 7am in the morning till 6 in the evening doesnt say how long the work will last for but looking at the scale of the job i estimate between 4-6 months. The food there was awful and thats being polite only one redeeming factor about the food was the mexican resteraunt which was the best thing i can say about it plenty too drink but be careful of the drinks with coconut in as they are a natural laxative bar staff very pleasant, reception staff very miserable and not very understanding tried to bill my room for a safe which i didnt have took them 2 days to sort it out, pool great beach great so hot make sure you take at least a factor 30 and plenty of aftersun as burning is quite a problem apply it regulaly as well as it soon feels like your skin is on fire again overall the country is an amazing place i would love to return there but as for the occidental grand flamenco found nothing grand about it and would never stay in this hotel again................  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fuddsmom
<Content>Loved it!! Everything was Great!! We have just returned from one week at Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana and enjoyed ourselves tremendously. We (married couple 50+) have travelled extensively, and we could find nothing wrong with this resort. Our son is a chef, so we are use to good food at home. We currently have two chefs living with us, so are pretty spoiled when it comes to good dinners at home. After reading some of the reviews we were a little timid about trying some of the food here, but found plenty to eat and drink and enjoyed all our meals. If you didn't find something you liked, it was your own fault. If you didn't like the buffet (although the fresh barbequed chickens every day were great), you could always eat at the Home Run, or the beach barbeque. The drinks were great, and Pedro at the swim up bar was the greatest bartender! The staff was warm, friendly, and always willing to please. Front desk was gracious. Everyone seemed to understand English. Yes, we had to help ourselves to coffee a couple of times - big deal, but we found the service fine, the room great, air conditioner worked, room was always cleaned to our liking, beach was wonderful, pools well-kept and clean, public washrooms always clean at the resort. We had no trouble reserving at the three restaurants, and even went back and reserved at the Italian and Mexican a second time. They were very accommodating. The service in all three restaurants was excellent. If the meat is a little tougher than at home, it's because they don't get the same quality cuts that we may be able to obtain in Canada. I'd give them high points for presentation, ingenuity and creativity. The only complaint I had was the noise. There is always loud music, something going on, the only way to find silence is a nice long walk on the beach, which we did. Went with Air Canada Vacations. Were very pleased. Would go back again. Very nice, definitely a 4*. We would recommend the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paxter
<Content>Mixed feelings Just returned from the Occidental Grand Flamenco. I have read many reviews prior to our departure and was ready for anything.First i'll start by addressing the previous review from the Netherlands re: Americans. I'm Dominican/American living in New York, so I have a pretty good sense of both worlds. If your definition of good food is over oiled, just sitting in the hot sun, covered in flies food-as was the beach buffet every day, then your absolutely right... Americans are picky. Indeed, most of the food was catered to a European tongue... boiled cabbage in some sauce, pancakes made out of bisquick, whole fish with eyes plucked sitting on your plate,boiled sausage links, salami/bologna/ham(like you won't believe), runny eggs etc... Combine that with the worst service you can think of... and whala welcome to the Flamenco buffets. I mean if any effort was put into the buffet food, it all went towards loading up the bins with quantity rather than quality. Indeed, I frequently found myself foraging for food throughout the buffets for an edible lunch, and ending up with the only thing i found to be palatable-a plate full of pineapple and flan. Now the restaurants which required reservations were good, good service good food, nice decor. I noticed subtle anti american sentiment from the europeans. Yet I laugh at the fact that in the club they are dancing amercian music, watching american movies on TV, and ordering Coke's like tommorrow may never come. Meanwhile, the few Americans on the resort could not care less if your from Holland, Germany wherever.The SERVICE, THE SERVICE THE SERVICE. I must say, we are not picky, in fact far from it... we are the couple that never complains... the couple that will happily get up and grab spoons or drinks ourselves if we had to but this was different, a true button pusher. I don't know what to make of it. It is either a matter of understaffing, or simply non caring staff. Example: (of many many many examples) We go to the buffet for breakfast-serve ourselves(as expected) but no coffee-not even an offer of coffee. Finally my wife walks up to the coffee waitress and inquires. The waitress simply says i'll bring it to you. 15 mins later nothing. So my wife tries to maker her own coffee, but is told by the waitress with a scolding attitude not to do so, and that she'll bring it over. 15 mins later she brings over the coffee(at this point we are finished eating). When my wife asks the waitress if the coffee has sugar the waitress says she doesn't know??? she doesn't know??? What about milk, how can I get some milk my wife asks- response:ask the guy walking around with milk(mind you there are hundreds of people and here is this one milk guy) Needless to say my wife was furious-of course i had to chase the guy down. I previously stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro(May2003)... and at first my wife and I made it a rule not to compare the 2, as one is cheaper and rated less apples(Flamenco). However, although I won't compare them now, while in the Flamenco our attempts at, not comparing the 2 proved to be futile.Check in was a breeze... however, since they were out of regular rooms-the staff upgraded us to a room at the Royal Club(part of the Flamenco-but more private). They first tried to convince us to pay the difference for the upgrade 75 dollars extra/night and in turn we would be allowed to use the, private Royal Club Pool and Restaurant. We swiftly responded with NO, and instead were simply allowed to use the room as our own. Great decision because the Club pool was small  round as was the restaurant. (The pool is ok if you are antisocial, wanna be alone or with an older couple).We immediately attempted to book reservations for restaurants. The booking guy had an attitude. Indeed he acted as if the cards were on his table, and our chances of eating at one of these restaurants were solely in his hands. With a smirk, he denied our first day saying he was full-but granted the 2 other days but @ early times.Facilities were beautiful, as is the beach. Grounds were well kept(but no flamingos or Peacocks as in Iberostar). At this point I will break it down to pros/cons:Pros:Beautiful resort, beautiful beach, good spa, overall good timesIn conclusion, although my review sounds tough-we had a grand time and really enjoyed this resort. Indeed, this resort is what you make of it... not much going on/not much to do(unless you do excursions out of the resort). If you want a romantic, relax on a great white sand beach, socialize with friends, dance at a great club-Mangu, nice pool, not so bad entertainment, and you don't mind really bad buffet food and very poor service... then this is it. Otherwise, you can pay the difference and go to Iberostar Bavaro. Would I return here??? I would, but I want to travel the world and see other resorts; however, I can see why other people would return(if that helps).  
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great!! Today we returned from Punta Cana, we have been there with four persons and stayed there for two weeks.Actually we booked the Occidental Allegro, but when we arrived they told us that this hotel was closed because of a renovation. When we saw the hotel we were very exited.They gave us two rooms in building 11 next to each other and the rooms were very clean.I don't understand what all the American people are complaining, I think they are very spoiled! Oke the staf don't speak English very very well but enough to understand each other. They speak better English than most Americans speak Spanish!The cocktails were very good (tsjikki tsjikki!!) and also the food in the buffetrestaurants and other restaurants. Every night there was a different theme. I think the Americam people think that the food is bad, because it's not like Mc Donalds, Denny's the Pizza Hut and al that other junkfood they eat all day. We have been to the United States and I can tell you the food here was 10 times better then in the US.The only thing we didn't like were people making reservations of the beds at the beach at 7 in the morning. So after a few days we threw the towels away, nobody had the courage to say anything, because they know they were wrong! But I think that the hotel should do something about it. There was also one towelcenter at the beach and I think that they need anotherone at the pool.The swimmingpool was also great, and every morning it was clean.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hmmm...dont really see what all the complaining is about.... Here is a lowdown, of everything about the hotel...good and bad...a true true true account of this hotel...fors things first.. Te transfer from La romana airport is 2 hours+, thats something they dont tell you!When we gt there check in was quick, and we were given our room, 10124! its the first roomyou come top after the lobby, very convenient! The hotel all in all was clean, and the food was good, good variety, and we tred the food in the mexican,grill,taco,gourmet,main, and in the home rum......the grill wasnt that impressive, but we did enjoy the mexican..an the gourmet was very reasonable, the food was allways hot, and usually served with a smile......sometimes th people could be rude, and very unwelcoming,howeverat the bar service was alllways with a smile however the drinks were well, not very well mixed!but of course drinkable...receptionstaff could have been nicer, and als you are not allowed towear t-shirts in the pool even oif ypou are very badly sunburnt, definatly a downpoint...however we talked to guest services and resolved the situation, however no-one complained when sunbeds were put in the pool by fellow guest, or the no topless rule was broken, vrery strange. Another point is iu close the balcony you cant get back in, so odontclose the door fully..if you are on the bottom floor.The entertainment staff were encouraging, but not too pushy, and the nightly shows were OK.The maid service was excellent, very thorough, and allways polite when we saw her, so leave something for her if you can.she deserves it, they get paid peanuts, so se deserves more.Buy everything you are likely to need as the shop is very overprices, around 拢4 ($7) for a packet of crisps and sun tan lotion is about $12 !i would reccomend this hote, but i suggest you are cautios and prepared, other than that a lovely holiuday, with a lovely clean beach anda gorgeous sea!nothing much more to say except enjoy, and email me fr more info!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel staff is very friendly and helpful Labor day weekend 8/29/03-9/2/03I recommend you bring lots of bug spray; bring money instead of your credit cards (small bills) - majority of the vendors do not have the card machine; if you decide to go on the banana boat beware, the incentive is to go fast enough to through you off - if you have a severe fear of water I do not recommend going.The resort is beautifully decorated and the rooms are large. If you need to relax, unwind, and just laugh, this is definitely a good place to be.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth a visit We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana for our honeymoon in August 2003. The place is spotless, the lobby, rooms, pools and gardens are cleaned all the time, I don't think we ever spotted any litter. We've never stayed in a more pleasant environment.The fine sandy beach was lovely and you can walk for miles in each direction without having to think about stepping in something nasty and hurting your feet. The sea was a little rougher than expected and snorkelling was pointless because of the lack of fish, although body boarding was probably more fun anyway! One tip would be to take your own sun shade with you, they don't sell them there and if you want shade at the beach be prepared to get up at 6:30 to reserve a place under a ready made palm shade, the beach was never crowded, there just aren't enough sun shades.Nightlife will probably seem a little dull if you are a young couple looking for some good bars and good music, there are only two bars open on an evening and the main one is in the lobby, the other next to the theatre. This was the only disappointment for us. The brochure misled us with the 'seven bars', as five of them shut before the evening.Food was pretty good most of the time although seemed a bit familiar after ten days, theres always pasta and pizza if nothing else appeals. All in all we had a really nice stay, the weather was perfect and we had a relaxing break with loads of sun, this place is definitely very hot! Take an old credit card to stick in the key slot to keep your air con on when you are out of the room.Our Conclusion - Lovely hotel, lovely environment. Perfect for a family with small children, if you are a young couple looking for any nightlife then you might want to wait awhile to go here!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mix feelings but overall OK My girlfriend and I got back from a one-week trip to Punta Cana on August 23rd 2003. We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flaminco Punta Cana and to be honest, I dont hate or love this place because there are very positive things to say about the hotel and very nasty things as well. Upon arrival at Punta Cana airport at 6 AM, our representative (Tour Mont-Royal) tells us that that the hotel was overbooked and that we dont have a room for the night. Another couple and us had to stay at the Iberostar Punta Cana for the night. The representative told us that they have the bad habit to overbook, especially during pick season like August. The Iberostar was an excellent hotel by the way, they are a real 4-陆 star hotel, the food and the staff were great. OK lets get back to the Occidental; When we finally arrived to the hotel the next day at noon, we had to wait to three oclock before we can get our room, they dont care that they make a mistake with your reservation, you have to wait like all the rest. The staffs at the front desk are rude, impolite and they dont seem to care bout your problem. The only positive thing I can say about them is that they can speak Spanish, English and French without any problem. I give them a 1/5 for the front desk. For the room, it was great, I couldnt have asked better. We were in building 25, room 306. That room has a beach view and is close to the beach and to different beach venues. We had a real king-size bed with a clean bathroom. The room was larger than the other rooms so if you can have that room, I do suggest you asked for it. There were not cockroaches or any other kind of insects but I have heard that some cockroaches were spotted on the first floor of a couple of other buildings. My advice, keep await from any room on the first floor. Some people said that the roof may leak when it rained but everything is fine with our roof, no problem to report on that side. Dont forget to bring an old plastic card for the A/C, that is a must for your room, you may not understand now but you will you will be there. For the room I give a 4/5. For the food, it is OK, yes, the buffet is not that good at lunch and dinner but if you keep to what you know and recognize, you should be fine. Breakfast is OK since there is a good selection of food ranging from cereals, pastries to omelets. To be honest, my girlfriend and I hate only 3 times at the buffet for lunch or dinner, my advise, stay away if possible. For lunch we ate at the burger join and at the beach restaurant. For supper, we went to the 4 a la carte restaurants or the 2 restaurants that you dont need a reservation. The pizza place is not that great but the taco place is good. For the a la carte restaurants, make sure you reserve early in the morning or the day before if you want to have a place. All of them are good except for the Italian in my opinion. For the food I give them a 3/5. The beach is beautiful, the water and the sand are incredible, the beach and the pool are very clean. We spend most of the week at the beach. Yes you will need to get up early to reserve your place under the shade, that goes for the pool too. I suggest that you bring your own towels to reserve your chairs because if you loose a hotel beach towel, you will have to pay them $25US. Yes people are stealing the hotel towels on the beach and at the pool so be careful and keep and eye on it. For the pool, the water is not as clear as it should be, for whatever reason, you cannot see very far under the water at the pool. Last advise, stay away from people wearing a white polo shirt and black pants, they are salesman trying to sell you timeshare condos. They are very persistent so be advise. If you want to shop, do not shop at the hotel, take a 15 minutes walk to the hotel gate and you will find a shopping mall and souvenir shops. You can negotiate down the prices of everything up to 60% of the original price, be a good negotiator, dont say yes to the first quote. Finally, as I mentioned, the hotel is OK but we will not be returning there if we go back to Punta Cana. The Iberostar or the Barcelo seems better for around the same price.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>for the love of GOD don't go here I just returned this morning from a trip to Punta Cana with my dad, his girlfriend and her daughter. This is possibly the worst hotel i have ever stayed at. Upon arrival, we tried to check in, and thought that the man who greated us at the front desk was very nice...although we were confused as to why they held our luggage outside while we were checking in (no one tells you anything here...you often get ignored). we requested separate rooms right next to eachother because we didn't want the hassle of keeping 4 people in the same room. They have absolutely no concern for people travelling together. We were placed in separate buildings!!!!! my dad's gf and her daughter were dropped off first by the little golf cart. They were on the first floor and the guy helped them to their room with the luggage. My dad and i were dropped off second and left to carry our bags up 2 flights of stairs when the driver sped off in his stupid golf cart...no courtesy at all. The first few days were boring and uneventful. We went to the beach and were told to look for the towel cabana....needless to say we never found it over the course of the 15 days we were there. you have to get up at the crack of dawn to reserve a hut by the pool, and someone always has to be stationed there, because if you leave it..you'll never get it back. The pool water was cloudy and disgusting...my dad dropped his glasses in 14 inches of water and couldnt see to the bottom enough to find them (eventually we fished around to get them).The food...disgusting. at the buffet, I reccomend sticking to the pasta bar, fruit and occasionally some pizza...because if you don't, you'll get sick. For 8 consecutive days my whole party was sick. Immodium and Pepto costs an outrageous ammount of money at the on site store (because they know if you need it...you'll pay) so i reccomend bringing some of your own. Book a la carte as soon as you get there (and be prepared to deal with some nasty people...because the booking system is awful) becayse you do NOT want to eat at that buffet EVER. The hours of opperation are outageous (breakfast is only until 10:30...so if you like to sleep in...forget it). If you go to the a la carte restaurants, i reccomend La Hacienda the mexican place...the others weren't very good. When you ask what's in something...they don't tell you, they just write it down as your order (i mistakenly ate dolphin!!!!).So overall...i really didnt like this resort...so my tips are -Ask exactly where the cabana for towels are -Learn some basic spanish -Don't eat at the buffet -Bring along a library card or something to stick in the key slot to keep your air conditioning running (you may not know what i mean now...but you'll know when you get there) -Bring all of your gravol/pepto/immodium you'll need it. ESPECIALLY IMMODIUM -The bugs down there are nasty...not like the ones at home...bring bug spraySo just go prepared...who knows...you might have a good time  
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I didn't find it to be that bad overall My boyfriend and I went to this resort in October of 2001. I agree that the food could've been a bit better, especially in the buffet. Going to the Carribean I don't expect to have to eat the same foods that I would be able to eat up in Canada. Other than that I found my hotel room to be clean and the beach was beautiful and I found the resort to be very nice as well.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, but not excellent. It's in a good spot if you don't want to do anything, but eat, sleep and have a sun bath. It's far from the main towns of thr DR. The food it's good but lack of varaety. The people and the service are (A1). They have a few restaurants that i sudjest that the first thing you do when you get there is make the reservations for it, because if you dont you will be eating allways in the buffet restaurant.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible This place is terrible. We arrived around 1pm and wanted to check in. They told us that our room would be ready in 2 hours. So we came back in 2 hours and of course, it wasn't. After *** at the front desk people (who are totally incompetant) for a while they just started to ignore us. So there we were, 1st time in the Dominican with no room. Finally, at about 5 or 6ish we got a room in building 18. The room was really ugly and the bathroom was gross. Why was I so critical you ask? Well, it WASN'T EVEN CLEANED!!!! Thinking that the front desk is useless, we found a maid and paid her 5 bucks to clean our room (since when do you need to PAY FOR THIS AT AN ALL INCLUSIVE RESORT???) Anyways, she cleaned our room and we thought things were fine. We went to dinner - the buffet is nasty - totally gross... That night our neighbours were yelling and screaming all night - total trashy people. They even were throwing furniture around the room. Me and my friend got really scared and hoped it would not happen again. The next night it did. We were very scared, we were on the ground floor which made it all the more freaky. So we called front desk and told them about it. I don't think they did anything, bc the screaming and throwing furniture around continued for a while longer. The next day we DEMANDED that they move us. I told them that me and my friend were scared for our safety etc etc. So they moved us to another room which was on the 3rd floor of a building that was right on the beach. From then on our trip was better, but still not that great. The restaurants were OK, nothing speecial. So for a few days things were better. But then the night b4 we left we ate something that totally turned our stomaches inside out. It was a nightmare. My friend was sick all night (from the Steakhouse) and I was extremely sick THE MORNING OF OUR DEPARTURE. It was Immodium city for us! When we came home we weren't fully normal until a few weeks later. I WOULD NEVER RETURN TO THIS PLACE AND WARN EVERYONE NOT TO GO HERE.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it on arival but somewhat liked it on departure We just returned from a trip trip to Punta Cana.Upon Arrival July 13th we experienced a terrific tropical storm that hit the Domenican Republic. We arrived at our hotel (The Occidental Grand Flamenco at about 2:00 pm and was told that our three rooms would be ready at 3:00pm - we waited, and waited and waited. Every half hour we wee told that it would take an additional 5 minutes to get our rooms. We eventually got our rooms ( two of them unmaid up) at 6:00 pm. Only to find that our room 18206 had a flood coming from the ceiling into the bathroom and required just short of a paddleboat to get to the bed. I was not alone- I found out that there were many others that experienced the same problem. The front desk conveniently did not send anyone to rectify the problem, nor were there any other rooms that we could exchange for ours.The airconditioning requires a plastic card inserted into a mechanism that keeps the electricity running in the room - if you remove your room key tag from this mechanism - you get no lights, no refrigeration in the little refrigerator and voila no airconditioning in the room. We took along an EXPIRED Plastic card (not a credit card) which we inserted into the mechanism to keep the airconditioning running at all times.Security - -if you require a safety deposit box key - It will cost you $15.00 american.Food - was not the greatest - much of it was overcooked, there isn't a wide assortment of foods - but you will not starve (I lost 5 pounds in one week)Beach chairs - dont try to reserve them by placing a towel on the chair under a palm thatched umbrella - people conveniently remove your belongings and placde them in the trash cans and then reserve the chairs themselves.The grounds are although very clean, my three rooms (apart from the mishap we had) were very clean.The entertainment was very enjoyable, but bring bug repellant - there are tiny mosquitoes that carry chainsaws.People at the hotel (workers) are very friendly, and poor - -if you have clothes especially for children - donate them to the workers - the will be especially grateful to you.Language - most workers, maids, waitresses - don't speak any English - gtry and spruce up on your Spanish before going there.Tipping - although it is not permitted, I reccomend it as I got the best service ever at all the restaurants. I also saw some couple beign refused entry to an ala Cart restaurant because of no reservations being made - all 6 of us got in with no reservations - a $5.00 tip got us Lobster and Steak.All in all - I did enjoy my stay there and I would most probably return to the island - don't know oif I would return to this partucular hotel thoughCHEERS  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Resort but Not So Nice Customer Service Five friends and I returned from our six-day vacation at the Occidental Flamenco in Punta Cana from June 19-24. I have read many reviews and I made sure to take advice seriously. So, with that in mind, I must say that I was well prepared for my trip. I was loaded with everything from Immodium AD to bug spray and lots and lots of $1 bills.So on June 19, my friends and I were off on our trip and we arrived at the Punta Cana Airport. As soon as I got off the airplane, my hair frizzed up and the sweat began to drip down my back. Believe me when I say that it is hot and humid there. We had no problems finding Apple Vacations to take us to our resort and we tipped the airport workers $1 per bag to carry our luggage to the shuttle.The Dominican men are extremely flirtatious almost to the point that it is scary. The entire ride to our resort, I was being harassed by our driver who made me sit up in the front seat with him. I repeatedly told him that I already have a boyfriend of eight years but he did not want to hear it. I started to think of all the ways to protect myself just in case he tried anything.We arrived at Occidental Flamenco and check in was smooth. We were lucky because as soon as we checked in, I turned around and saw that the line had become very long. We were directed to make reservations for dinner as soon as possible.Making reservations for dinner was a horrible experience. The young lady who made reservations was obviously very unhappy with her job, rolled her eyes, and told us that we could only make reservations on Sunday for the entire week. Since it was a Monday, she told us that we were out of luck until Sunday that was almost our entire stay at the resort. I knew that she must have been wrong because no other review stated this ridiculous rule. We went to our rooms and called six times before we could get the whole dinner reservation deal squared out. Karen, the supervisor, told us that restaurants operate on certain nights and we can make reservations on any day. Now that I think about it, I dont believe she even knew what she was talking about.Our rooms were in Building 10 (right in front of the pool and next to the lobby) and I was very satisfied with the location, quality, and size of the room. Since its so hot in the DR, the tiled floors kept the rooms quite a bit cooler. I read about the energy conserving rooms needing the key to activate the electricity, so I made sure to bring a library card. I must say that it really wasnt needed because the rooms kept cool even when we didnt keep the AC running. So to conserve energy, we decided not to keep the AC running all day long. The only problem that I encountered in the room was a few mosquito bites during the night but that was about it.We ate at the buffet for the first couple of days before we realized that reservations are not needed for the Pizzeria and the Taco Place. The buffet had A LOT of food however, only a few dishes were good. The pizza, pasta, salad, fruit, toast, French fries, and rice pudding were the only things I ate regularly. On some days, the rice pudding tasted burnt which led me to believe that they recycled the food for the next day. Home Rum was nasty I ate the processed chicken sandwich only once and never again. Luckily, I never got sick during the trip and ironically, the only time I got sick was after eating a Cinnabon in Miami International Airport on our way back from Punta Cana. The buffet, however, had a yucky smell near the fountain drinks and near the opening of the kitchen that made me nauseous. We tried to use the buffet as a last resort. Home Rum was not an option for me. The other restaurants, the Pizzeria, the Tacos Restaurant, La Hacienda, and Las Reses were all good in consecutive order.The free drinks were definitely one of the highlights of our stay in the Dominican Republic. Unlimited Pina Coladas, Coco Locos, and Bahama Mamas on a hot day definitely hit the spot. During the evening, we had unlimited Kamakazis. But be careful they make everything with rum. We had to specify that the Pina Coladas, Coco Locos, and Kamakazis were made with Vodka. We befriended Felipe and Santiago and tipped them generously. Most of the guests do not tip. It was very apparent that they appreciated tips because they served my group before anyone else. They are extremely fun people and they work so hard for only $200 a month. Tipping can greatly improve their ability to live more comfortably.The beach was nice and clean however, the waves were a bit rough and it clouded the water. Theres also some seaweed so it got a bit frustrating every time some of it brushed up again my legs while I was in the water. The water in Nassau/Cable Beach is much nicer and bluer. But overall, the beach was nice it reminded me of Miami Beach. There were no fish in the water because the waves were too rough. So dont plan on snorkeling on the beach you wont see anything. There were a few vendors walking around but none of them were pushy. Just a simple no thanks or act like your sleeping and they wont bother you. Windsurfing is included in the package however you will be required to take a morning class. Kayaking is free and no class is required. All other motorized sports such as Jet Skis, Parasailing, Scuba Diving, and Banana Boat cost money.We wanted to shop outside of the resort. Vendors came once during our stay and we were able to purchase jewelry and other souvenirs for an ok price. Dulce de Leche (Dominican sweets made of milk) can only be purchased in local areas. We hired a shopping tour to take us out for a couple of hours to Higuey and they made sure that no one bothered us. We visited La Basilica de Higuey/Altagracia and it was beautiful. We gave money to the poor outside of the Basilica. I find it hard for people to walk by and not help these people. It is sad to see such people live in poverty and not receive medical attention for such simple things. One dollar is a lot to them but means so little to us.We booked the Catamaran Excursion for $70 per person through Marinarium. It began at 8:00am and we returned by 1:30pm. We had a very nice time. We took the Catamaran to an enclosed area to swim with Nurse sharks and Sting and Eagle Rays. We snorkeled for about 40 minutes and saw many fish and coral. Afterwards, we were served sandwiches and had a toast of Coco Loco (a blended drink made of coconut, milk, sugar, rum, and ice). Our tour guide, Sharky was a very upbeat guy and was always willing to assist with whatever we needed. I felt better about going on the Marinarium tour rather than going to Manati Park. Marinarium uses much of its proceeds to educate the Dominican youth to take care of the environment and its marine life. Manati Park has obtained dolphins illegally and several have died in captivity. I was adamant about not supporting Manati Park even though many of my friends wanted to go there. So please boycott Manati Park.So overall, our trip was great. There were lots of fun people, great drinks, and plenty of sun. But if you asked me if I would I go to Punta Cana again, I would say, probably not. There are plenty of other destinations that I will explore and already, I would choose the Bahamas over Punta Cana any day.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst first time traveling alone experience i would never stay at any occidental resort. My first hotel was overbooked when i arrived, so they put us in this hotel instead. The room was unkempt, dirty to be exact and there were a million termites eating away at our desk. We asked to be moved to another room they refused and instead sent someone up with a can a raid at 3:00am and sprayed until the fumes were so bad i got sick and vomited. IT took 3 days for our parents back in the states to get us a new room. NEVER AGAIN!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Salmonella poisoning! Yes, that is right! An undercooked omlette gave my husband confirmed salmonella poisoning from this resort! This was at the end of Jan 2002. Sunquest was horrible! He lost a week from work after we returned (Health Canada confirmed what he had), and they would not even aknowledge our complaint! A voucher for a $100 for our next trip would have left a better feeling with us! Did any one else have problems?  
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel 5 of my girlfriends and I have just returned from Punta Cana and overall our visit was quite pleasant. The weather was great. The hotel was very nice, spacious and it had many options as far as food and restaurants. We highly recommend the restaurant 'La Res' - the food was superb. The only downfall of our trip was that we found most of the staff to be extremely rude and not very attentive and courteous. But overall it was a great memorial day get-away.  
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yippi
<Content>A Little Piece of "Heaven" A Wonderful Vacation. Two weeks of Heaven. Four of us ventured to the Dominion Republic on March 30th for two weeks. We had stayed at the Occidental Flamenco in Purta Plata, two years previous to this for one week, so decided to visit the other side of the Island and make it a longer stay. We really enjoyed our vacation and two weeks is the way to go! Settle and see first week, relax the second. We were very impressed with the Resort, it was bigger than Purta Plata. But with all the same buildings, rooms and facilities. This resort has larger and more mingling pools. The sand is more white and finer and we could walk on this without burning our feet. We went prepared with beach shoes, as it Purta Plata we could not stand on the sand very long, or you would be uncomfortable, not so in Punta Cana. We did however, find we had more rain in Punta Cana and maybe because of the location, closer to the coast line. We had 3 days of heavy rain the first week, and that was disappointing and there are clouds every day. But we talked to people who have been there before and they said this was out of the norm, however seeing how the lobby was well equiped with pull down rain shades and every room having an umbrella, I think this was the norm, and maybe for that time of year. That was disappointing, but it did not stop any activities as the temperatures are hot and there is always cover, and if you are in the pool or ocean, well one is wet anyway. I did have a couple days of sickness, and again, we do not know why. We feel it was the water, not that we drank it, we always used bottled water, but tea and coffee and foods could be washed with their water, who knows. But again, I would say we still had a wonderful vacation. We all did not get sick!! So who knows? Food!!! Spectacular in our eyes. I think anyone who complains about the food, has to be very very fussy. There is always plenty of everything, so you can always find something you like. We found they always had Chicken  Pasta Senty of variety and lots of fruit and baked deserts were heavenly. The staff were friendly, and always willing to assist you in any way they could. Rooms are equipped with a mini fridge, and stocked every second day, with Soda (coke and 7-up), Beer and bottled water. The shows were very well done, and entertaining. Once a week the local vendors are allowed to come in and display their goods for sale. They can be pushy but very friendly, and do not get angry if you do not buy anything. I would suggest if you take a tour and they suggest you buy your goods, Vanilla, cocoa etc., don't. You can buy it cheaper on site or at the local stores just a 5 minute walk from resort and it is very safe to go there in the day time. We bought on the tour and paid twice as much for a smaller amount of Vanilla. The Vanilla is wonderful there, this is the second time we brought it back. You can use Visa or American money for most things. You will need a small amount of peso's for local shops, but tours take Visa.We enjoyed our vacation, however we do prefer the other side of the Island better, but that is only due to the rain we had, and maybe it was a fluke. But having said all that, we highly recommend the Occidental Flamenco. Finally, before we went to this location we had read thru many of these reviews that the drinks were often served without alcohol or that you had to specify alcohol or you didn't get it. Well, that was not our expreience. The drinks were fantastic and a very good variety. The bartenders were all very friendly and anxious to please. In point of fact, we had to specify that they go easy on the alcohol and if we wanted a virgin drink, which my husband ordered most of the time as he cannot drink due to health, you had to specify no alcohol. Even then, the bartender would insist that you have much alcohol, and have very good time so we had to be insistant. We did not find this bothersome as the bartenders were so friendly they got a kick out of us Canadians ordering drinks with no alcohol.e occassions. Tipping is optional and we only tipped when we felt the service warranted it. We never felt pressured to tip and we were always treated the very best, tip or no tip. Our sense was that the workers genuinely wanted you to have a good time and generally went out of their way to accommodate you. Don't hesitate to go, we know you will have an excellent time. We have found through our many trips to date that you accept the realities of such things as weather etc. and make the best of it. We have always enjoyed ourselves no matter where we have been to date and have appreciated the honest feedback we read from folks who have written about their experiences on this service. So there you have it, that is an honest commentary on our experience at the Occidental Flamenco, Punta Cana  
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sweetlotus
<Content>FABULOUS..Wish I was still there!!!!! Hello people,I just got back yesterday from The Occidental Grand Flamenco resort we stayed from May 11-May 18. I must say that before I left I checked the weather on CNN (Liars) it said that it was going to rain the whole week. I was very disappointed that I didn't find out that in May it was rainy season sooner. The flight with Jetsgo was okay, food sucks that on the plane. We got to Punta Cana airport and went through customs rather quickly and went on the bus to take us back to the Resort. We were waiting on the bus for 2 people who lost their luggages(So glad it wasn't us). There was a problem so our bus left first. I was extremely impressed when we arrived at the gate of the resort. The grounds were beautiful.Food: Amazing food there's nothing to complain about because there's always something to eat. The a la carte restaurants were the best. I noticed though that there are a shortage of beef at this resort. So where we ordered at the a la carte restaurant we always seems to eat steak. Love the fruits and juices.Room: Had a really nice clean room and our air conditioner work and was really cold. My my sister and her fiance had a room where the air conditioner didn't work as well. Make sure you tip the maid, they're extra nice to you.Tips: Lots of $1us bills Hat (Our scalp got burned) LOts of sun screen Bargain for souveniors (start at 50% less) Entertainment was kind of boring though.All in all had a great trip and I would go back next year, definitely.There's so much to say that I can't type it all in, but if anyone needs more information I'll be happy to help, just email me:)  
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent time .we stayed at the ocidental grand flemenco from may 3 to the 10th,had a wonderful time.The staff were always friendly,smiling and singing all the time.The beach was beautiful,white sand.the food was good,but im a picky eater ,however my husband loved it ,he tried everything.I would recommend this resort to anyone who is looking for an enjoyable vacation.Also the shows were fantastic,alot of work put into them,you could see the dancers practice all day.overall it was a great time from arrival to departure,the only problem was the other guest`s we treated the staff badly.I witnessed this on several occasions,remember these are people just like you or me,only they dont make as much,so treat them with respect and im sure you will recieve the same.We will be returning to the dom rep again.  
<Date>May 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not impressed ! BEWARE, I am writing so I can let other travellers know the experience I had. First of all, the airline lost my luggage, when I checked into the hotel I advised them of my situation and was advised that once the luggage comes to the hotel it would be delivered directly to my room upon arrival. I filled out a report, called the airport to advise of my room # so they would know where to send it to. Day #2 I spoke to guest services wanting him to call the airport for me to see if my luggage was found and the response I got was unbelievable, he rolled his eyes and it seemed like it was a big inconvienence for him. I took it upon myself to locate my luggage, I had my sister (from home) contact the airline for me. Finally on Day #5 I was advised by my sister that the luggage had been found and it was sitting somewhere in Punta Cana. I contacted front desk again, I was told it wasn't there problem and that I needed to deal with the airline. After several calls, DAY#6 my luggage showed up in my room. The worst part of this is that the luggage had been sitting in my hotel (occidental grand flamenco) since Day#2. When the hotel was questioned as to why it took so long to get the luggage they didn't have a reasonable explanation. So for any future travellers I would like for you to beware before you book your vacation and stay at this hotel. The staff are not friendly, not very helpful and basically incompetent. I've read the other reviews and I would have to agree about the food, there was no variety at the buffet, the same food everyday. The restaurants are ok, if you can get a reservation that is. The bar, good luck getting a drink. Even if you are the only person at the bar, it takes a while for them to acknowledge you. So overall, I would not go back to this resort and I would not recommend this resort to anyone else. Overall the service was unacceptable. I would not say do not go to DR because the beaches are incredible but I would recommend you stay at a different hotel. I am a frequent traveller so Id was not good service. If I could recommend a hotel it would be the Club Viva Dominicus Palace in Bahibe, Dominican Republic.  
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort but.... Beach: Wonderful, white sand, sparkling blue water(baby blue), long and you can walk for miles if you wish, lots of tall palm trees and beach chairs are plentyfull, massage and braiding services are available as well as variety of water sports (must take classes in the morning) free, except snorkelling trips.Room: Clean, air conditioned, fresh towels daily, cable TV, balcony, spacious, (we stayed in 26) right next to the beach but further from main restaurants, main pool and nightly shows (quieter at night) it's a huge resort.Pools: Three big pools, main one has a swim up bar, all very clean and well maintained, never crowded, two jacuzzis in main pool, not with hot water though just bubbles.People: The visitors are mostly Canadian, French, German and Spanish. The staff is very friendly, may be a little slow at times when there's a lot of people, especially the bars. Pina Coladas, Banana Mamas and Coco Locos are excellent drinks. El Presidente, the beer is also very tasty.Food: This is our only dissapointment. The food was plentyful, edible but poorly prepared and poorly spiced. I lived on spaghetti the whole week, burgers and fries which were the things we did not expect to eat for the money we paid. The a la cartes are a little better but they reuse food the next day in the buffet. Bleee! We were sick most of the time after we ate.Entertainment: Excellent! The shows were people participate are priceless. Very hilarious and worth watching. Well organized. The dancers are excelllent very well prepared and put a lot of effort into what they do. The dance shows do get a little boring after a while.Overall: We would go back to this resort but only if the food improves drastically.  
<Date>May 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation- Review from a teen Im 16 years old and stayed at the Occidental with my family and friends. We all had a great time. The beach was beautiful!! THe layout of the hotel was very nice as well. A good hangout spot at night was the lobby, which is enormous and has a lot of places to sit and hang out. Some Tips:-Bring a lot of small change (dollar bills and 5 dollar bills) so you can tip the maid and the staff. the staff only makes 5 dollars a day, so tipping them would be nice. we left a couple dollars each day for the maid.-If you want a cabana on the beach, you better get up early. Id get on the beach at 9 and they'd all be gone.. -Try the water activities.. banana boats and tubing were really fun.. the resort also gives out kayaks, catamarans, windsurfboards and you can take free lessons-the shows at night are pretty good.. some are better than others and sometimes the dance numbers could get repetitive. -beach volleyball and dance lessons on the beach were really fun.. i recommend them.-at the resort, i was surprised to find a lot of french, canadian, german, and spanish people.. americans were acutally the minority.-the food was pretty good.. we usually did buffet at the big restaurant by the lobby. they have a huge selection and i could always find something i liked. if you're looking for american food, go to Homerun (by the main pool).. it has burgers and hotdogs and fries and all that good stuff. also, the drinks were great! i recomend banana mamas and the coco loco- i recommend going to the disco mangu. It's right by the lobby. it has a nice setup and the sportsbar on top of it is really cool. durng the week it wasnt too packed, but on the weekend you could barely move in there. a lot of other hotels come to this disco, as do local natives. covercharge is free, but you have to pay for drinks. however, if you're a royal club member,, you can get free drinks! The disco generally had good music. People don't start getting there until 1, so go late.The onnly negative aspects of the trip were:- The staffall really friendly but the men that worked there could be overly flirty with the young girls. -The service at the bar was kind of slow. Id have to wait at the bar sometimes for 10 minutes just to get a drink, biut it may have been because im a teenager and theyd rather serve adults first.-the towel service was annoying. they're really strict about losing towels (30$ if you dont return it!) -the hotel didnt have a hot tub, which disapointed me, although it was almost always too hot for one anyway.-they didnt allow night swimming, although i saw that some people did anyway Overall, we all had a really good time...  
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mangu Disco Teka ..best club in the world We actually stayed at LTI and loved it.....next trip to Punta Cana we are staying hereMangu Disco Teka was the best club/bar I have ever been to in my life. It was craazyforget Cancun, Punta Cana is most def. the next spring break HOT SPOT !!!!!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dantastic16
<Content>Paradise!!! Punta Cana and the Occidental Grand Flamenco are absolutely paradise!!! The beaches are filled with white sand, the natives are friendly and helpful, and the weather is gorgeous. We left 2 weeks ago for a week vacation at the Occidental. The trip was amazing. We encountered no problems and the hotel was far better than we ever expected. I personally walked up the beach and compared other hotels on the beach. Clearly the occidental was in the top 10% of the hotels on the beach. There were many that looked questionable. The room was beautiful, marble bathrooms, a/c that kept the room cool, minibar stocked with beer and drinks, private balcony. The food was fantastic. We took advantage of all the places to eat and love the idea of an all-inclusive resort. The drinks were fantastic and never ending. There were numerous activities throughout the day, however we opted to lay in the sun and enjoy the weather and 80 degree ocean. Pools were immaculate. There is a swim up bar that is perfect to enjoy a drink in the pool.Bottom line: perfect resort for couples, families, and friends who want to enjoy a bit of paradise away from everyday life. I would return to the Occidental in a heartbeat and highly recommend it for an unforgettable vacation.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sorry I spent my money there.... My daughter and I went to the DR from 4/14/4/19. We made the big mistake of staying at this resort. The food was the worst I have ever tasted. The service was poor. And forget about Prietro tours. They never picked us up at the hotel to take us back to the airport, we almost missed our plane. After a horrible taxi ride which cost us another 600 peso's we made it there by a nose. I have been to Cozumel and Jamaica and loved it. The people and the food. I have talked to many people about the DR and they say you either love it or hate it. I hated it. And I will never stay at another Occidental or Allegro rersort again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unaccomodating in every aspect I am 40 yrs old and my husband  I traveled with a large group over Spring Break, there were Seniors in our group, teenagers and young kids 8-12 years. We all had complaints. I have always traveled to all inclusive resorts and had never had such poor quality food, drinks and above all poor SERVICE!! There wasn't any! They make your entire stay here difficult. If you complain, they just look at you like you are crazy, or accuse you of lying, these people can really bring out the worst in you. There is absolutely no variety at the buffet, same food on the breakfast, lunch  dinner every day. Nothing prepared well, nothing presented well. They only open the other restaruants during the evening for dinner, so you have to eat at the buffett for breakfast  lunch. The have a cute little mexican  pizza dinning area outside, but it dosen't open until 7pm. The other restaurants are so bad as well. The only decent place to eat was the steak house. I also found the Domican people very unfriendly. From the airport to the resort, they never smiled, never wanted to assist you, they act as if you are a big inconvenience to them. No place wants to take a travelers checks, they act like they are phony money. Overall the kids had some fun, they liked the water sports, they liked the shows, they were just hokey enough for kids to enjoy. By the way they basically do the same exact show every night-no variety. The bartenders and waiters at every bar just look right past you. I think they think if they act like they don't see you then they won't have to wait on you. Take my advise-go to Mexico or Jamaica. They people are friendly and they really want you in the country. I would never return to another Occidential hotel or to the DR!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay at the Club Miguel! This was my first trip to the Dominican Rep. and my sister and I stayed at the Occidental Flamenco Bavaro. The important part is that we stayed in the private Club Miguel section and it was wonderful. It's not that much more and has it's own restaurant and enclosed beach. The food is much better than the rest of the resort and we were able to order from a limited menu. Remeber to take your insulated mug/cup for your drinks on the beach and a travel alarm clock, as our room didn't have a clock. We wished we would have taken a raft along with our blow-up spa pillows--they pack flat and can be left behind or passed off to new arrivals. The beach is wonderful and the water is divine.You don't need many clothes and long shifts work well in the heat for dinner. Pareos and sandals are great to cover up most of the time. Start with a higher level sunscreen and then work downward. We didn't bring enough # 8 for later in the week. We did tip our main waiter, but we kept him busy filling our drink orders during the day--El Presidente on ice! We left tips daily for our maid and we loved our room with a view of the ocean. I agree with all our tripmates--it was Paradise!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not impressed This place was just OK. Nothing more. All the reviews I had read about the food were absolutely true. Our favorite restaurant was the hot dog and fries place if that tells you something. The ala carte restaurants were nothing to brag about either. From what others have told us, the food at the Occidental has defintely gone downhill in the last few years. As far as our room, it was very nice with a great view. We had trouble with our toilet and called 3 times before anyone ever showed up to repair it. All in all, we had a nice vacation but won't go back to the Occidental.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved occidental flamenco bavara punta cana It was the best vacation we ever had. The beach, people, food ,entertainment were great. We hated to leave. The day trip we took was great . We went to Altos de Chavon and Saona Island on a speed boat, returning on a catamaran.It was a long full day and a great way to see the country.Prieto tours were great.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous except.... The hotel was fabulous all the way around! (the rooms, pool, lobby, gardens) The beach was pristine and incredible. The staff was friendly and accomodating.The food was lousy. We ate in all of the restaraunts and were least impressed with El Cortijo (the one that is not all inclusive). The fish did not seem fresh and what was served the most was Salmon (a suprise since it is not local to the Carribean). A lot of the other dishes we tried were flavorless unless over salted. Very dissappointed with the food but the hotel was so grand that it seems like a minor part of the trip.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Spot Ever There was 3 of us girls that went and we had the time of our lifes. When we arrived and checked in the resort they take you to your roomin these gulf carts and when they took us to our room we were really suprised because we were upgrated to a suite which had 2 rooms the first room had a table and charis and 2 refrigerators in it and the other half had a couch and chairs along with a tv. the other room was a bedroom with 2 double beds and a tv. one of the girls called and asked for a blanket and pillow and she slept on the couch the first night and said it was comfortable but the next day when we came back fromt he beach the housekeeper had brought in a roll a way bed and fixed it up for us. anything you ask for they take great care of you. the rooms were always clean and the beach was very neat. they always had something different to eat and the food was very good. the breads and deserts are out of this world. Marla is the head lady that sits you down to eat at the buffet you need to get to know her she is great and alot of fun. if you want some good shipping if you go toward the beach and walk to the right aprox 15 to minute walk and you will find alot of shops there and also some bars. otherwise if you go out the front of the resort and walk down teh raod aprox 5 minuts there are more shops and some great deals. make sure to bargain with them and do not pay what they ask. Usually 1/2 is about right to pay. they are a little more pushie then most shops but just say no and walk away if they keep bugging you. getting back to the resort it is very large but it is great and they have several different pools and one of them is huge.there is a swim up bar and also they have 2 jacuzzi's off the pool you just swim in and have a sit they are near the swim up bar just sit back and relax with the bubbles on your back.The shows at night are a most, they start around 8:30 for the kids and 9:00 they do something funny with the with the adults in the audience and at 9:30 to about 10:30 they put on shows and the custums and the singers are great they do not lip sink like other places do..except for the nights that the band and singers are off. we will definately fo back to this resort in the future.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chucker b
<Content>definately a 4 plus This is a huge complex,and, yes theres a fair bit of walking, but hey, we need the excercise. Spanish owned, these guys are no fly by nighters with over 70 hotels worldwide,they know what there doing,and they try, hard, For sure, the complex, grounds, staff, the beach, and the units that your room is in,all a 5 , gorgous.The room itself,a 4,big,bright,and very clean,but the ceiling in our room had previous water damage and kind of looked like a map of the dominican,kewl,also the bathtub had a lot of chips in it,be carefull of the patio door,if you close it behind you,it locks,and you have no way of getting back in.The Food... a 4...now lets be realistic here,this is not fine dining,nor should it be for the price,having said that,the food is very good and your going to be loading your plate 3 times a day for 7 days, the pastrys, breads and fruit ,all delish, and, with the huge selection from the entrees im sure youll find something youll enjoy, i wasnt fussy about the coffee,to strong, so we made tea.Best place to shop is right outside the front gate about 5 mins.If you need cigs,buy the Dominican brand ,Nacional, every bit as good as ours and cheap. I bought a bottle of water at a grocery store and on impulse bought a ten pack of these cigs,as i fumbled through my U.S money, the girl pulled a dollar from my hand.then gave me change.If you like rye whisky,buy some at the duty free as they dont stock it at the bars. Would we go back?..yes..Have a great vacation.A special thank you to Air Transat,who on our return,put my wife and i in first class.because we would have been separated in economy..feel free to contact us for any further questions.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! What to say? Amazing, fabulous, wonderful....Honestly, This resort as exceeded all my expectations, I was pleasently suprised. Even, I cried when I left. The resort is georgeous, the grounds and beach are clean and well kept, the same for the beautiful and spacious rooms. Furthermore, the staff is very friendly and helpful. They are very concerned about the guests well being. The entertainment is good, the singers have amazing voices as well as infinite amount of energy. The daytime entertainment is also wonderful, there is dancing lessons, aerobics, volleyball and much more... This regards people who like there nightlife, the disco on the resort is great...I went to Punta Cana with one of my girlfriend and we both love to dance (especially on latin music), and we never left the disco before 3:00 am...too much fun. They play a great variety of latin and pop music to suit all type of people. Warning! Dominican men are very flirty, if you are not prepared this could be overwhelming...be responsable. You can play the game, but do not get played:)In general, the resort is amazing as well as the dominican people. I loved the fact that you knew you were in the Dominican Republic, they love there way of life and there culture and they show it proudly. I recommend this resort to anyone, and personaly am plannig on returning in the near future. Have fun!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joolsCanada
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! Can't say enough about this resort, It had everything you could ask for. The staff were wonderful and the grounds and beaches....spotless. There was a vast variety of food at the buffets. For such a large place, they tried to stay on their toes, as far as service goes. We met some wonderful people from all over, and the general consenses was the same. Very few complaints. Thank you for a wonderful vacation, was a little leary about Dominican,[having mostly travelled in different parts of Mexico] but would highly recommend this resort. Ive never seen such beautiful beaches in all of my travels!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Both good and bad, depending on what you are looking for I have been to the Dominican 5 times now, including this trip. There were both good and bad points to this resort, you can filter out which ones are important to you.WHAT'S GOOD: The rooms were beautiful and spacious. The food was delicious, and if you're hoping to find fast food-style here, forget it- there is always a great range of different meals at one time- although the above-pool restaurant The Home Run has good hamburgers and french fries. The drinks were overflowing and tasted great. The beach was beautiful, and well-patrolled. You can walk for hours along the range of shoreline. The majority of Dominicans are very accomodating and friendly - but remember, there is always at least one in every bunch. The weather is fantastic and the opportunity to take in excursions and shopping is endless. In essence, the resort itself is fantastic.WHAT'S FORGETTABLE: If all you plan on doing is eating yourself into a stupor and drinking yourself blind in the hot weather, you'll be happy. Aside from that, the resort is all-inclusive but beware what that entails. You can snorkel- but only in a 20-ft range from the shore to the buoys that is always stirred up from the waves(even though there is a beautiful reef just past that, you aren't allowed to go out there because of all the boating traffic ). If you want better snorkeling, it's $20 US per hour for the natives to take you around the island someplace else, where you're thrown off a boat into 20-ft water and taken back in an hour. Same with horseback riding... free in the 500 X 500 muddy ranch on the grounds- $50 US for a two-hour sightseeing along the beach. You get the picture.... everything decent costs big bucks. And you really end up feeling herded every time you do an excursion.... The whole side of the island is side-by-side resorts, so there's rarely any peace and quiet... there is endless boating traffic up and down the beach all day long, and the diesel fumes almost totally wreck it (one of our travellers inhaled so much during the day, he was sick for the entire night until mid-afternoon the next day). The boats also careen almost on top of the floating ropes which divide safe swimming from the waterway- sometimes 4 feet away from people's heads (a cabin cruiser once came into 5-feet water to tell me to stay away from the ropes because it's dangerous to be too close to the boats zooming back and forth....!!) . It is busy everywhere you look, and we went in low season (early January ). If you do the Outback Safari, take Dominicana Jones, it's the best one for your money. I severely doubt we will ever go to the East side of the Dominican again, unless we can find a resort that's not almost right on top of another one, because this is what made the negativity of the trip. We have been all around the island now, and we found that the best places are those nearer to Haiti and farther away from the airports. However, I strongly believe that the Dominican is highly underrated- it has beautiful and unspoiled scenery and areas worth seeing.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible! The lobby is gorgeous, the rooms amazing, the beaches were the best ive ever seen and then grounds were the best kept, and most beautiful! Service was excellent, our room cleaned everyday with a smile, just going from our room to the beach we received a million hello's and smiles from the staff! Food was great, always a huge variety at the buffet, the a la carte restaurants were great too! When returning to Punta Cana, i will definetely be returning to the Flamenco! I think the rating should be 5* instead of 4*!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing! The Flamenco was amazing! The beach was wonderful, the rooms and service... amazing! Food was great too, despite what others told us. All in all, it was an amazing resort! If we had the chance, we'd go back!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana My boyfriend and I went late January 2003 to the Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana. Do I recommend it? Well, I think it depends what you are looking for. I was looking to layout, tan, and spend quiet time with the hubby. The hubby likes action and room service. He played beach volley ball half the time. One thing, this resort is all inclusive so there is no room service nor are there irons (for whatever reason). I needed to iron a couple of things. They needed to be picked up and dropped off. RIDICULOUS! Okay, so next time we'll bring our own travel iron. Next, there's the lame hours for food. If you want a midnight snack, you'll have to grin and bear it. There is no snack bar open late hours. LAME.LAME: There is no bar on the beach!!!!! There's a bar nearby, but not on the beach. This bar always has a line for drinks, too. COMPLETELY ANNOYING. Mind you, I'm in shape, but I'm on vacation! The positives? It's a really beautiful hotel. The rooms are okay. There's a shop inside the resort that has beautiful Italian jewelry. I bought a great amber necklace for $100. You can't go wrong. The pools are cool. The beach is amazing. Would I go back? Okay, I'm a member of the Allegro Vacation Club. Trying out places for me is very inexpensive, so it's not a big deal if I go or not. Grand Flamenco? I won't go back. I had a good time because of my hubby and the staff is very friendly. As for service, this hotel is so large that service cannot be very good. Allegro Jack Tar Village Puerto Plata is a smaller hotel with a bunch of little Houses that is so quaint. Service there is great. Iron your own if you want at no extra cost. I would go back to that resort. Both hotels are mainly for couples, but the Flamenco allows children, which I'm not really crazy about either. Imagine women topless and barely hoding on to their bottoms with children around?  
<Date>Feb 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean...Clean....Clean! This resort is clean, clean, clean! Everywhere you look there is someone cleaning something. We were there Feb. 8-15/03. Standard all-inclusive stuff: buffet (gets boring, mostly american food, bad nightly shows! ) But hey....you're on vacation out of your own country! We never went hungry...the mexican restaurant is the best one there! They even had a lobster night! It was fantastic! One secret......ask the cook at the hot dog hut to toast your bun! Makes a world of difference. Only one complaint.....having to get to the beach no later than 8:30am to claim a hut or chairs. I would reccomend this place....and I would also go back. Thank you, thank you, thank you for this site. I found it invaluable to my trip. I have reccomended it to everyone I know and will forever visit before I go anywhere!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Overall My boyfriend  I recently vacationed at the Occidental Flamenco. I really had not heard alot about the Dominican Republic yet we were both very excited. There was immediate chaos upon arrival at the airport. We were not sure exactly where to go  when we finally found our transportation to the hotel we were stuffed like sardines into a tiny minibus. Check-in at the hotel was not much better. A large group of german tourists cut right in front of us. Yet once we made it our room things began to come together. First of all we were told we would have a room closer to the main lobby. Yet we were surprised to find ourselves looking out our balcony right at the beach. How wonderful to have a beautiful ocean view. I had never seen water so pristine, such a lovely shade of blue. While the surroundings were quite lovely, I did have a few complaints. The first is the food was not very good. Beware vegetarians!!! I think I even drop a few pounds  I can not think of one meal that was any good. My boyfriend agreed with me on this one which is quite interesting due to the fact that he will pretty much eat anything. Another thing that bothered me on our vacation is that I did not find the hotel staff to be very friendly. That was very disappointing. The Occidental did not have a casino but you could take a taxi to another hotel which did  the casino would reimburse your taxi driver. That was very fun. During our four night stay we did not tour the town  that is one thing I do regret. Although I did hear from other tourists that vendors did hassle you quite a bit. All in all it was a nice getaway. The beautiful environment made the food  the staff not seem too terribly important.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! I loved the resort. The food would be my only complaint. I went with friends in 2001 but just found this site. Like previously stated, the food gets very boring by the 3rd day. Alcohol - Okay, if you go home sober....Your Problem! By day #4 I had to tell the bartender, virgin drinks por favor! Language - Bring a spanish dictionary. Just a little one will do. But everyone speaks Spanish, whether they know English or not. Whoever said in the other review that it helps to be young, pretty, and female was NOT exaggerating! One thing I would not do is waste your time going off the resort (except right outside to the shops, like a block) We rented a taxi and about 6 of us went to town (about an hour ride or so) Our driver did not speak ANY english. I had to remember Spanish from 10yrs ago in high school. Plus, when you get into town, you do have to remember you are not at the resort anymore. People are not too friendly and bug you to buy stuff. (Expected though) The island is very dirty outside the resort. So, basically do not waste your time. Stay at the resort. We wasted a whole day out there. The one thing I did like outside though was this little Go-Cart place. It was great. You will see advertisements in the lobby for it. If you need ANYTHING the people are very nice, just ask (in Spanish)-Word to the wise, I wish I had known BEFORE I went. Bring $1's and $5's. No need for anything bigger. Even though tipping is not necessary, the american dollar goes a LONG way there and the Dominican people are VERY appreciative of it. The maids do not know English, leave a tip and a note in Spanish for whatever you need, and you can be sure it will be there for you. Another useful tip for before you go, bring a insulated mug or cup of somesort. You cannot find them there but if you have one, you can have your drinks filled in those and they will stay cold for you. Entertainment - I love it. I thought the people were funny and the nightly shows were fun. Hey, it's not Broadway, it's vacation! Do not attempt to go for a walk on the beach after sunset. There are guards down there that will not let a single girl walk by herself. That made me feel very safe. (A little surprised but safe) The whole place is very safe. The pools are HUGE. The beach is beautiful, but beware of getting a chair under the shade. Unless you wake at 5am, forget it. Go on the Banana Boat. But only if you can swim. We got dumped, but Oh what a RIOT!!!We also went to swim with the dolphins on an outside excursion, it was very nice......but you only get about twenty minutes and it is with 5 other people. It rains every day at the same time, around 5pm if I remember correctly. Pours, but only for about 5 minutes or so. Then the sun comes back out again. ~I hope this helps, Like I said......Be sure to bring small bills and a Mug or plastic insulated cup. You won't find one there. And Barter, Barter, Barter. They want your $$, they will give you the item at the price you ask. Trust me!!!! I was good at it. Just smile alot. Have fun and enjoy yourself!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't to go back! This is a very beautiful and well kept place. The staff is polite and friendly, and FUN! I went with 2 couples and I, a single gal was the fifth person. I never once felt like a fifth wheel, so to speak. There lots of activities and excursions to go on to see the country. Highly recommend the Dominicana Jones Safari!!! The mountains and the rain forests are beautiful. Bring candy or bubble gum for the local children, they wait for the tours to come and run out to the jeeps when they see them. Knowing some basic words in spanish is very helpful. It is also appreciated by the people there.When you arrive at the airport in Punta Cana have a change of summer clothes with you -- it is hot and humid.Weather was pretty good, It rained one morning for a short time, and then during the night twice. Bring your own beach towel and then you don't have to worry about keeping tabs on the one(s) that you check out from the resort. You get a ticket stub and you need to turn this in when you leave or you are charged $25.00 for that beach towel. Rooms are clean and well kept. Leave tips or trinkets for the maids and you will get whatever you ask for. I wr ote notes in spanish asking for what I wanted and left them on the pillow with a tip. Things left on the pillow are for them. I was never disappointed. Safes are available for $15.00 US dollars and you pay for that when you leave. I never had to convert any US dollars into pesos. The shops and merchants that I purchased things from all accepted US dollars - BUT they will try to give you Dominican pesos back, ASK for your change in American money. Shops/merchants are within walking distance. Some of the people from the shops are very pushy and annoying. You will need to barter prices for everything and if you want to purchase one item some of them try to throw in another item or two and jack up the price to make you think that you're getting a deal or just to confuse you on the negotiated price. Food ranges from good, okay and bad. Don't bother with steaks, they are tough. The lobster is good. Salmon and fish were excellent. Book reservations for the restaurants on the first or second day. Your Tour Representative will have a meeting with your group and explain excursions and make recommendations. Refrigeration isn't the best and they don't use much ice for drinks at all. Sodas generally don't come with ice. On excursions, we never got any ice at all for drinks. Ask for drinks with alcohol or you may get virgin drinks. The bartenders are awesome and can get very busy. A little politeness, courtesy and patience will go a LONG way. Also, tip them well and you will never have an empty glass!!!! Our group (which got bigger after befriending a few couples that we met here) held down one corner of the Lobby Bar on a regular basis and we never had to wait for service, nor did we ever have an empty glass. As soon as we sat down, they were waiting to serve us. Remember, the pace of life is SLOW here, YOU are on vacation - RELAX! They say that there is 60 seconds to an American minute, BUT there are 200 seconds to a Dominican minute! This was one of the best vacations that I have ever had and will definitely return.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wow i would go back anytime wow !  
<Date>Feb 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Amazing! Back in a heartbeat! We had an amazing time! For all those who are complaining about this resort ... they are just being extremely picky. They should just take a chill pill and relax ... after all you are on vacation! The staff was extremely nice and friendly. The resort was the most beautiful and clean! In a nut shell it was pure paradise! The beach was the most beautiful beach we have ever seen. The bars and drinks were amazing! The disco was the best, great music! We would go back in a heartbeat! Millie  Elaine  
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Time at Occ. Gran Flamenco. My fiance and I went to Punta Cana in November of 2001. This is a new review as I've only just found this site Feb.8,2003. All I can say is Wow! This resort was fantastic. Our room was clean, and kept stocked. It helps to bring small gifts for the cleaning people like candy, perfume samples, etc.The beach is clean, fine white sand with small waves. Gorgeous coconut palms everywhere. The food to me was decent, after two weeks it gets a little repetitive but you can't beat the value in an all-inclusive. Drinks were great and plentiful. There is no real policy on tipping but we found it helps to be nice to the staff, give a few bucks here or there and watch your bartender pick you out of a crowded drink line-up and serve you first. Cigars, pretty sketchy here, unless you really know your stuff, avoid the purchase. Rum and Vanilla are good deals though, barter, barter, barter. That gets a little old too but there are deals to be had. The paintings are quite nice too (some of them).The staff was courteous, helpful, and great fun to be around for the most part. Elvis was one that sticks in memory and a giant of a man ( forget his name) more of a manager who played beach volleyball regularily. There's an Atm just outside the front of the hotel and in the small market village down the road from the hotel. In my opinion, there is no need to bring much of any cash/traveller's cheques with you for that reason. They do exchange Canadian dollars readily at both the hotel and village mall.Safety, we always felt safe. The people were friendly, the beach is routinely patrolled, and your stuff is safe on the beach. The excursions ar pretty good too although sometimes seem pricey for what you get. Your travel rep at the hotel should be able to tell you all about them. Weather wise, damn near perfect. We were at the official end of hurricane season so we had a few storms roll through, but they lasted all of ten minutes. It was warm, + 28 or warmer and very humid. Overall, I don't know if we could have had a nicer vacation for the money we spent, roughly $1600/person for 2 weeks incl tax. Great value, beautiful resort and great people( hotel staff  guests).Try it out.Steve  
<Date>Feb 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Things to know This was my second trip to Punta Cana and my husband's first. We went the week of 1/27/03.I would not recommend the Occidental Flamenco for many reasons: It was not very clean. The room was nothing special, the bedspreads had to be 20 years old. The bathroom was dirty and had mold in the grout in the shower. There is no remote control, no iron avaialble and we had to ask for our room to be cleaned by the maid. I had to beg the conceirge to let me borrow an iron from an employee so I could iron my clothes - what hotel doesn't have irons?The food is terrible and I am not exaggerating. The buffet had a lot of variety but it was gross. The service in the buffet is terrible as well. They seat you at dirty tables and you need to find your own clean silverware. Most of the food is geared toward a European palette and we found it unappealing. The other restaurants they have serve the same food as the buffet. They have no wine selection, one red and one white. Both were undrinkable. We were very disappointed in the food and skipped many meals. The entertainment is BORING! What else can I say. Thank god there was something on HBO everynight. If you stay here keep your expectations low and pray for perfect weather or you will be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I've stayed in better hotels I've stayed in better places...  
<Date>Jan 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hard to please honeymooner We honeymooned at the Flamenco from 1/12-1/19. It had a beautiful beach and the location was excellent. About 30 minutes from the airport. There are minibars in the room which are all included and the mexican restraunt was TO DIE FOR! The grill restraunt was also quite nice, I was not to impressed with the lasagna at the italian resturant but my husband had steak and it was quite good. My biggest complaint is that the king size beds are actually 2 doubles pushed together, not the most romantic for honeymooners...There are quite a few french speaking tourists, it seemed difficult to find english speaking tourists. I recommend making reservations for the restraunts before you even go to your hotel room since they fill up so fast. there is a desk for reservations when leaving the lobby area walking toward the resort. Also, the pizza and taco place upstairs looked wonderful, we weren't really explained how it works, but apparently all you do it walk up to the counter and tell them what you want and they make it to order, then you can sit on the veranda and eat your meal. we only learned about that on our last night so we never tried it. The buffet is quite large, but it become monotinous after a while. When walking to the beach from the resort, if you take a left and feel like walking for a while there is a whole row of stores' that you can wheel and deal and get some things, for pretty good prices, just keep saying to much and walking away, you'll get it for the price you want before long. Overall we had a nice time, it's beautiful there and if you go on only 1 excursion during your stay do the Outback Safari. It was wonderful! A side note- they look poorly on people giving money and candy to the children there, they do not want to turn them in to beggers, so I would abide by their law!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greatest Wedding Ever Our brother got married - what a day. The hotel does everything, from cold drinks while we waited for the bride to air conditioned lobby for the guests to cool down.22 of us went as a group and had the best time ever. The activities are plentiful - although relaxing by the beach or pool was the best activity.Food was great - especially the Italian.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel on the beach!!! A wonderful and perfect vacation (with a little problems here and there but nothing serious).Date: Jan 11 2003 to Jan 18 2003Hotel: O.G. Flamenco (Punta Cana)My boyfriend (25yrs) and 2 female single friends (26  27 yrs) and myself (25yrs) all had an awesome vacation and would return to Punta Cana and even to this resort. Here's our review and some tips:1. $$US dollars is the way to go. Peso isn't needed b/c everything is converted into US$.2. This resort is for couples and older people (30yrs and up). For those who are single, there may be a small number of girls and guys but it's nothing like Cancun Mexico. Basically, my single friends hung out with the people who worked at the hotel b/c they were young. If you're female and single and pretty, everything works in your favour.3. Learn basic spanish words and french is good also. People speak spanish, french, german, and then english (in that order). Basic words such as: hello, please, thank you, how much, you're welcome, good morning/evening, water, and the numbers from 1-5. These will get you very far.4. Going to Punta Cana. Have a change of summer clothes and sandles/flipflops ready to change into.Airport:-If leaving from Pearson (toronto), they suggest arriving 3 hrs before depature time. I would strongly suggest making it 2-3 hrs ahead because Skyservice had over 10 flights leaving that morning (all around 6-8am) and there were over 1000 people trying to check in. It was pretty fast service though (15min wait in line) and customs was about 15mins also.-Punta Cana Airport: arrival was fine and customs was a breeze and no one lost their luggage (overall about 1 hour at the airport). They actually take a picture of you arriving and when you leave Punta Cana i.e. a week later, you can see the picture and buy it ($5US)-there is also $10 airport fee that we have to pay before leaving Punta Cana. Cash only.-Once you get your bags, look out for your Tour Operator (ie. Sunquest) and there's a shuttle bus waiting for you to drop you off at the hotel.-time to hotel is 30mins on the shuttle bus (like a greyhound). and they pass out information that you need.Hotel:**have the hotel voucher ready***-check in is at 3pm and no ifs ends or buts. We arrived early at 1pm, so we were prepred. We changed into our bathing suits and sandles and had lunch and wander around. Do not have a heavy or huge carry on b/c you will be carrying it aorund everywhere. They also keep your lugguage outside with the other luggage (so have it locked). My friends fianlly got their keys at 3:30pm and me (5pm--i came back at that time).-hotel itself is beautiful and clean. One cocroche in my friends room and we were on the 1st floor. We all stayed in Building 13 (closest on to the beach) but quiet. Building 26 is also the closest one to the beach but they were closer to the music, watersports etc.. Overall, the walk from our bulding to the lobby was 3-5mins. It was a pain walking back and forth at times.-there's shops (market) walking distance (15 mins walk) Go on the beach and walk right. You can get your hair braided there for $25 (resort charges $50). Ask for LOVE booth #18. She's been doing this for 15yrs and did an amazing job. If shopping, be prepared to offer a price and negoiate and people will bother you until you look at their stuff (it was very annoying and we lefted annoyed). One of our problem is that we forgot to check the prices of cigars and alcohol in US$/Cdn$ before we left, so we weren't too sure if we got a good deal or not. So do this!!!!-oh and the resort is huge.Beach:-this is the best thing and it will be hard to describe. Beautiful and soft sand, blue water, low waves, and it's super clean, no sea shells or rocks on the sand or even in the water. My friends have been to Cuba, Jamica, and Mexico and they say this is one of the best beaches.-to get a hut (umbrella thingee) go there early in the morning before 8am. People reserve chairs with towels and no one steals anything there. Trust me because i've left towels, clothes and even my bag there for a good half a day and when i returned, it was still there. Bring your own beach towel if you want because the towles there are blue and everyone has a blue towel.-you can walk to other hotels along the beach-beach towel: you get it from a person  they give you a ticket. Return the towel and ticket or you will be charged. People suggest getting a new towel at the end of the day just in case they run out or if there's a line up. The line up was usually 5mins long the next day.Room:-Leave $1 or a small gift (that's what we did) with a note in spanish on what you want and when you return it is done. Eg. You only get 2 towels, we asked for 4 and got it. We asked for 2 1litre waters and got it etc.. Write it on a paper in spanish and leave it on your pillow. Anything on a pillow means it's for them.-you have to pay to use the in-room safe (approx. $15 US) and you pay when you leave. You can either get the safe or lock up stuff in your luggage. We all had no problems b/c some stuff i left in the safe and others in my luggage.-there's no carpet-there's a mini bar and it is literally a mini bar (only 2 beers, 2 soft drinks and 1 1litre water). -there an A/C POWER CARD....basically thiscard acts like a key and turns on/off the air con  lights in the room. So if you want your room cool when you come back, leave that card thingee in the slot. Tip--just bring in an old library card or something the size and hardness of a credit card and you can use that instead to activate the lights and aircon and you can take the key everywhere instead. Weird eh?Food:-Main buffet place doesn't need reservations. They have theme nights. Tons and Tons of food and overall it is okay in taste. All of us ate and tried everything. Some people say avoid meat or fruits b/c of the way they may prepare it or wash it in....but we didn't do it. No one got sick sick, but 1 person had bathroom issues for a couple of days and a couple of us had stomach aches here and there. Basically, it was mainly our fault because we tried everything.-A la Carte restaurants for dinners require reservations (there's Mexican,pizza, Italian, steakhouse etc..). Book on your first day. We didn't and we tried mid-week and it was all booked. But if your pretty, just chat away and try convince them, we did and we ate at the steakhouse (wonderful!!!!!). Mexican and pizzeria does not need reservations and we didn't figure that out till our 2nd last day. People say the a la cartes are better then the main buffet. Oh and service is slow at the restaurants.-overall, food is mixed reviews to good, decent, awful. Everyone has their preferences so I just want to say watch what you eat.-snacks are good and there's ice cream--woo-hoo. and the french fries at home rum are wonderful.Drinks:-must try their banana mama and rum and cokes. This countyr is know for their rum.-specify w/alcohol b/c if you order a pina colada...they may give you a virgin pina colada.-water comes in bottles there (wonderful eh)-no complaints about the drinks and they make it strong.Activities:-windsurfing and catamaran lessons are at 9am. (you have to take a 9am lesson, pay an insurancefee $3-5US, and then you can use it.)-water activities run only till 5pm. we tried the kayaking (super fun)-my boyfriend is a scuba diver so he was diving all week. My friends and me tried the in-pool (free)and i did one dive ($60). It was fun!!-snokelling gear is free to use but there is nothing to see.-Parasailing (45$ for one or $85 for two-cash only)-snokelling at a site (20$ per person)-banana boat ride ($7 per person)-night shows at 9:30pm and they range from cheesy to good ones-disco is salsa, merang, top 40s but only gets happening around mid night and my friends tried it 2 times (thursday  Fri) and i tried it once with my bf on Friday. Drinks aren't free.-they offer tours there  it ranges from $60-90US. We did the Punta Cana Jeep runners and it was worth $70. We visted a cave, beach, plantation, school, typical dominican house, ate at a ranch and went horse back riding. Food and drinks (rum also) are all included. When doing any tours (if they are visiting a school--please bring things for the kids. Pencils, candy, shcool supplies etc...)-there's also a shuttle bus to the casino (there's a cost i think)-they have a beach party the day we arrive and that's the only one.Other tips:-the pace of life there is SLOW--so expect SLOW service (its vacation) and having to repeat oneself over and over again if they don't understandEnglish. They may also forget your order.- there's a hand full of topless women walking around and sun bathing.-not much night life and everyone hangs out at the lounge.Overall, a wonderful vacation. and bring your camera because there's tons of places around the resot to take good pics.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yucatanLover_8
<Content>greatest holiday in 20 years Just came back from 2 weeks at the Gran Flamenco. a total delight from beginning to end. My Husband stayed with the luggage and I checked us in.. WE took the map we were given and walked to our room in Building 12.. by the time we had unpacked and changed clothes , the lobby was still full of people checking in. We chose to tote our bags rather than wait. A personal choice. 200 people checking in at the same time does tax the most efficient of front desks !The food was above average everywhere. except the Mexican which was disgusting and slow service (nearly 2 hours for our order to arrive)The property and grounds are gorgeous and meticulously maintained. There was not a speck of dirt anywhere. The staff with limited english try very hard to please. A smile and an attempt at spanish (and a dollar or 2) go a long way. The hotel is on the widest part of this sensation beach. We did eat at another restaurant 3 times.La Cava at the Hodelpa Caribe.. A wonderful dining experience with excellent choice of wines. We had lobster dinner complete with shrimp cocktail soup and dessert.. with a good bottle of wine 60.00 USD a true bargain.DO NOT go to Captan Cook Restaurant. Our food arrived 1/2 hour after we did and it was so covered inflies we couldnt eat. It was 40.00 USD per person too much food and then not to be able eat it for the flies.. we were very disappointed.In closing, we are going back to Punta Cana.. for 3 weeks next time. It is the most perfect beach holiday spot we have ever been too.. including the South Pacific, Caribbean Hawaii and Mexico..  
<Date>Dec 17, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First All-Inclusive Just returned from Punta Cana last night (delayed by the snow - yech). Family of 4. We all thoroughly enjoyed the Occidental. Grounds were very well kept. Pools were great. Rooms were clean, spacious and comfortable. Staff were friendly and helpful (just stay away from the Flea Market vendors down the beach !). Food and drinks were excellent, and plentiful, and the activities fun. We'll be back !  
<Date>Nov 18, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The BEST place I've ever stayed I couldn't have had a better time anywhere else. We stayed there for two weeks for our honeymoon, and we both came away refreshed, and sorely missing the place. Where to start.There are a lot of things to do there. Literally, from 10 till about 5, there is always something going on, whether it is volleyball (pool or beach), water polo, archery, target shooting (rifle or pistol), Boca ball, Spanish Lessons, dance classes, areobics (in the pool and out), PLUS, windsurfing, kayaking, snorkeling and catamarans (you had to pay for the insurance, but it was incredibly cheap). We also had some excursions with Snorkling, Scuba Diving, a sunset horseback ride, and a trip to a wildlife park. (the last ones had to be paid for, but they are worth it). We found that there was so much we wanted to do, we didn't have time for it all. MAybe next time.The food had quite a variety, however, after about 4 days, it was affecting my system a little, but some immodium took care of that. There are 6 dinner restaurants to choose from, only one of them you have to pay for, and the food there was amazing. We went twice, and took pictures of the food the second time. Your dinner options include, Mexican, Italian, Pizzeria, A steakhouse, The Pay restaurant, and the Buffet (where there is a different theme every night with little repetition.) Foodwise, there is something for everyone, just as long as you remember, that if you are looking for food that you are familiar with at home, then you should have stayed at home. All the food here was either their interpretation of what they thought it should be, or something relatively close to it. I found all of it was good, and I liked almost everyone on the menu. During lunch there is a few other places to eat, and only one place for breakfast.Our rooms were ok, but I miss carpet, though it is understandable why there isn't any down there. The weather was perfect, not too hot or humid. We had an ocean view room, and it was spectacular. They had satellite TV, and there was always something to watch when relaxing in the rooms. The Kings sized beds were comfortable, and the bathrooms large. The activities staff were some of the friendliest people we met down there. Most of them also spoke 3 or more languages. I was incredibly impressed at this alone. One person spoke 5. I was saddened at leaving there, because we got to know a few of them quite well. They worked long days, for 11 days straight before getting 3 days off, but they were always happy to see us, and called us by name once we got to know one another. There are shows every night. Starting with a childrens show early in the evening, followed by a band playing, and some live singing. they would then invite people up to the stage to learn the Dance of the day, and then play an icebreaker game, which was always fun to watch or be involved in. Then the show would last about 1 hour, ending at around 11:00. Over all I would HIGHLY recommend going there. I have NO complaints about this resort at all. With 2 small pools, and one large pool, the ocean, the activities, I don't think I want to go anywhere else. I like this place immensely.I am definitely going to go back.David.PS. We went from oct 14 to Oct 28, which was their slow season as well. I recommend traveling there during this time as well, because it is one of the largest resorts in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Occidental flamenco   showReview(698228, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a terrific vacation   showReview(697391, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>What I think of the hotel   showReview(677596, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not Worth It   showReview(656991, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>awesome time!   showReview(646747, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Avoid At All Costs!   showReview(646328, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Decent   showReview(643253, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Flamenco has to be recommended !   showReview(634796, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Do NOT GO TO THE OCCIDENTAL FLAMENCO!   showReview(567020, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Occidental Flamenco resort review   showReview(563463, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mendyBamberg
<Content>nie wieder   showReview(23448510, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Entt盲uscht   showReview(23127873, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles in allem sehr sch枚n   showReview(23127824, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melyevans
<Content>super       la merveilleuse mer  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SoRic
<Content>Vacances de r锚ves   showReview(23084446, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Evalane
<Content>Lamentable   showReview(23069613, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ufukyildizi
<Content>Ungeniessbares Hotel   showReview(23054005, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fred2b
<Content>sejour en royal club       vue de la chambre  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Essen, nervige Promotion   showReview(22955338, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gregolecool
<Content>Hotel 脿 茅viter !!!   showReview(22738045, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>mini_wheet
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(22726734, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>boum-marjorette
<Content>Hotel simple et agr茅able.       plage sable blanc  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	2	4	5	

<Author>garcier
<Content>hotel moyen   showReview(22310011, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	1	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wundersch枚ner Urlaub...   showReview(22959137, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>XASADE
<Content>Mejor no ir, cochambroso   showReview(21656562, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	5	3	2	1	

<Author>Mustang01
<Content>Beau s茅jour malgr茅 tout!   showReview(21551612, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>routar001
<Content>mauvais service   showReview(21413711, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	1	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>K枚nnte besser sein   showReview(22955681, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VNLP
<Content>Toller Urlaub trotz vieler mehr oder weniger negativer Trivago-Beurteilungen   showReview(20869818, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stress11
<Content>Excellent Hotel Qualit茅 Prix   showReview(20844701, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wundersch枚ner Liebesurlaub   showReview(22960939, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kioma
<Content>servicio de corazon!!!   showReview(20682428, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>muchachitaCantabria
<Content>muy, muy correcto   showReview(20590935, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	1	3	3	

<Author>punta-cana-love
<Content>Excellente vacances !   showReview(20571093, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paulcuenca
<Content>Hotel bonito pero le falta......   showReview(19669681, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>luisrotalde
<Content>Punta Cana bonito...el sevicio del hotel y de club caribe una m.....   showReview(19623914, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bien   showReview(20554482, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Amaya45
<Content>Estafadores   showReview(19225958, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>evi2912
<Content>Naja !   showReview(19135896, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mein Urlaub   showReview(22963122, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deru10
<Content>h么tel vieillot       plafond salle de bains  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein richtig guter Urlaub   showReview(22949365, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana   showReview(22948310, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Hotel mit kleinen M盲ngeln   showReview(22947543, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel kann man buchen!   showReview(22947315, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fast ein Traumurlaub !   showReview(22944033, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>puchos62
<Content>Buen Hotel,P茅simo servicio.   showReview(18697814, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	5	3	4	2	4	

<Author>curro_sevilla
<Content>de todos el peor   showReview(18474713, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	1	1	3	3	

<Author>Vanesa-Melody
<Content>recomendable 100%   showReview(18451174, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ladyhonoria
<Content>c'etait presque le paradis   showReview(18371893, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MORRITOSESPA_A
<Content>Me ha gustado Todo   showReview(18333558, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Quezada
<Content>h么tel est un vrai taudit sale et en 茅tat de d茅labrement   showReview(18185473, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>kate016
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅-prix   showReview(18106776, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Slymen
<Content>Soleil 脿 profusion! Mer merveilleuse!       Plage Occidental  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>shadow027
<Content>Tr猫s belle vacance       Grand Flamenco Punta Cana  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xdecde
<Content>hotel tr茅s m茅diocre   showReview(17445992, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	4	3	2	

<Author>KleoLleida
<Content>Nos encant贸       Piscina  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>masquenaranja
<Content>Mejorable   showReview(17248541, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	2	

<Author>2MMENDES
<Content>de bonnes vacances...       les alentours...encore sauvage  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Aqouel
<Content>Voyez par vous meme!!!   showReview(16302681, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>GuylouLaval
<Content>Magnifique   showReview(15675917, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>soizic60
<Content>Tr猫s beau s茅jour   showReview(15651027, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Caro1980
<Content>Bel endroit       Chambre  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	2	4	

<Author>cribeka
<Content>caraibes paradis!!       punta cana  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>faldl
<Content>''Club Premium'' Voyage magnifique   showReview(14968533, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CANDELA-28
<Content>Sin duda, volveremos       show nocturno  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>barvost
<Content>D茅sagr茅able sollicitation   showReview(14330382, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Zenia82
<Content>Quelle ambiance!   showReview(14267249, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Musikf
<Content>Bien pour un groupe de filles de 25 脿 40 ans.       La plage du resort  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	5	1	

<Author>laquebecoise19
<Content>tr猫s belle hotel et la plage.. wowww!!!       les chambres  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Daelor
<Content>Bellissima struttura   showReview(14182212, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Convenable   showReview(14732145, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cyberboucar
<Content>tr茅s bien   showReview(14009732, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CVD485
<Content>Tr猫s apprci茅   showReview(13936871, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	1	

<Author>Gdufun
<Content>tres beau voyage       plage  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>dco60
<Content>Attention b芒timent 22   showReview(13880947, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>GommeBaloune
<Content>D茅ception - D茅ception       Retour en catamaran  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>lilipuce
<Content>莽a passe mais j'ai vu mieux   showReview(13832013, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>pressense
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(13831500, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deldom
<Content>Bon h么tel   showReview(13830693, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Frosaca
<Content>Surprenant!       Notre chambre  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>LeBleuet
<Content>Un h么tel 脿 la hauteur de nos attentes. ... Quelles attentes ???   showReview(13574059, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pour la tranquilite c'est loup茅   showReview(13983435, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fleursoleil
<Content>hotel merveilleux   showReview(13380196, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>labelle460
<Content>Tr猫s beau voyage   showReview(13370250, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lilo37
<Content>bel hotel mais beaucoup de solicitation   showReview(13241095, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Caro035
<Content>Beau voyage   showReview(13159700, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>martinsidu
<Content>8/10 Hotel       l'arriere son dans la piscine  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>lorelaiG
<Content>sejour comme dans un reve   showReview(12858415, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>claudee
<Content>vacance de reve   showReview(12838638, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>les5filles
<Content>Excellent s茅jour, je le recommande sans contredit... avec Air transat   showReview(12759244, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doudouwong
<Content>Tr猫s bonne hotel pour tous les groupe d`芒ges   showReview(12603773, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>majorkeller
<Content>juste une chose a dire "air transat"   showReview(12568764, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tillay
<Content>hotel epouvantable       photo de la vue de la chambre  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>2	4	1	1	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Rockinnelster
<Content>tres bon resort meme hors-saison!!       night restos  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>SAMANTHALevallois
<Content>H么tel 脿 茅viter!!!!!   showReview(12388868, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>gribouille8
<Content>Excellent s茅jour !   showReview(12383406, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>tisouris
<Content>super sejour       la chambre  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mariottedu70
<Content>Tr猫s bonnes vacances   showReview(12260047, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oaphir
<Content>Mieux que bien des h么tels canadiens et qu茅b茅cois   showReview(11998306, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mel_ide
<Content>assez bonne prestation pour cet hotel       entr茅e de l'hotel  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MARTINATerrebonne
<Content>passable   showReview(11955074, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>chti-en-balade
<Content>Bon premier s茅jour en R茅p. Dominiquaine       la plage 脿 7H  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>mesange30
<Content>pas d'accord avec les mauvaises critiques   showReview(11559151, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>marina07
<Content>Hotel tr猫s ordinaire, m锚me un mauvais choix       Cuisine au Buffet  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>laroxi
<Content>Es el mejor   showReview(11329107, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>tilouetnath
<Content>Tres beau voyage.....   showReview(11191299, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>decfor
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel       l'eau bleue  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Fanchon7
<Content>H么tel plus que d茅cevant !   showReview(11099206, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>hayirah
<Content>Genial!!!!       samuel. Aerobic  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>JukoProd
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel sur une superbe plage!   showReview(10684511, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Neragan
<Content>El Para铆so   showReview(10621146, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour H么tel paradisiaque   showReview(11309491, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gada1111
<Content>tres bonne qualit茅 pour le prix   showReview(10479747, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Allysson
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(10423172, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>dalan
<Content>Plage magnifique   showReview(10173796, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hasna
<Content>attention aux cafards   showReview(10108977, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>grazzz
<Content>Excellent H么tel   showReview(10046943, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BarcelonaDani
<Content>Inolvidable   showReview(10032171, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>sebita02
<Content>Inolvidable punta cana       Piscina  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>pufy
<Content>me encanto el mejor de los animadores ...   showReview(10008795, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sarini
<Content>Hotel grande pero MUY VIEJO   showReview(8514495, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>gringita_7
<Content>Me encanto el HOTEL !!!!!!!!!!!!       Que maravilla!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bobetbibi
<Content>S茅jour tr猫s agr茅able!   showReview(8459068, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>banlieusard
<Content>Je me suis repos茅e- C'est ce que je voulais   showReview(8452202, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mllecoccinnelle
<Content>tr猫s d茅cus...   showReview(8401999, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>LesCaracas
<Content>Maravilloso!!!   showReview(8363573, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Irishma
<Content>Me gustaron las instalaciones, en especial, la playa   showReview(8279022, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>nini67
<Content>occidental flamenco bavaro .......que calor   showReview(8115510, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lolitahh
<Content>Me sorprendi贸!!!   showReview(8100913, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lauravanesa
<Content>Es un hotel Excelente, mas de lo que imaginabamos !!!   showReview(8064253, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>garderie
<Content>tout simplement parfait   showReview(8062958, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caronord
<Content>Un bel endroit qui vaut la peine...   showReview(8038463, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mayte22
<Content>Ni tanto ni tan calvo   showReview(7985504, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	1	4	2	

<Author>Pfotenfrau
<Content>sch枚nes Flamenco   showReview(7835215, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	2	3	

<Author>sylver1
<Content>tres bien en gen茅ral       lobby  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>coltravel
<Content>Nos encanto el Ocidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana       Punta Cana mayo-07  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mimietmoi
<Content>tout 脿 fait incroyable       la mer  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Solans
<Content>Me encanto   showReview(7548121, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gervaistmg
<Content>Nourriture fameuse et plage magnifique   showReview(7474872, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarcoetGuylaine
<Content>Vive les vacances               
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>minegro
<Content>cuidaito en el flamenco   showReview(7286484, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LiliMontreal
<Content>N'allez pas 脿 cet h么tel   showReview(7278379, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>melo24
<Content>Excellent !!   showReview(7230941, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>jolierebelle
<Content>superbe hotel   showReview(6935390, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sandra57
<Content>super hotel!!!   showReview(6828502, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	2	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Sheila-7
<Content>Genial   showReview(6800735, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>nounouze
<Content>Tr猫s beau site, chambres d茅suetes   showReview(6743379, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>bulle99
<Content>Assez bien   showReview(6713980, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>petitfort
<Content>Tr猫s beau site, a recommander         
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mukss
<Content>Los 谩ngeles de Coco!!!   showReview(6687404, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>david.rod
<Content>Merveilleux   showReview(6564079, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>polonez
<Content>ce n'est pas un 5 etoiles !   showReview(6481093, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	4	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>redpepar
<Content>Vous avez le choix!   showReview(6230731, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>helene66
<Content>Un bon choix...avec recommandations   showReview(5663955, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	4	2	3	

<Author>V铆ctor
<Content>Desastre de organizaci贸n   showReview(5495672, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>isa12
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(5458846, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excelente hotel   showReview(4979088, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

