<Author>HMK62
<Content>Yuck! Unfortunately we had no choice in this stay...we were supposed to go to the new Majestic Elegance, but since it had not open, our reservation was moved to the Majestic Colonial, only to find out when we get there our reservation was moved to the GB Premier.The grounds are beautiful as well as the pool. Everything on the outside was extremely clean, but once you step inside your room this is where it ends. Our room was dirty, dingy, the furniture was old, and beat up looking. The bathroom was disgusting looking, the tub was all chipped up, Under the bathroom counter was not clean, the bathroom mirror was scratched and dirty. Went to change rooms, but hearing from other guests that were also displaced, they were complaining about there rooms as well.Almost sounded like we got the best room out of all, so we stayed. The next day, the bathroom above us was leaking into our bathroom right over the toliet. We complained to Jerry the front desk clerk, he called for someone to fix it. The next day it leaking again. We complained again, when we came back to our room, there was grease all over the toliet, and bathroom floor. Called for housekeeping....no one ever came. We ended up cleaning the mess up. We also called for extra towels, that too never came, so I went to the pool to get the pool towels for us to use. As far as the maid service goes, I am not even sure there was any, because our glasses that were half filled of water, was never replaced. The bed was made, I think that was the extent of the service.The buffet food is nothing to write home about. The ala carte restaurants were quite good. We ate one night at the Italian, and the next night at the Gourmet restaurant.We met a young couple that came on their honeymoon, they were supposed to be also at the Elegance. They were so disappointed that they left the following morning. They did not even want to sleep in their room that one night. We ended up hanging out with them for a few hours to help pass there night away.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Nicelydone
<Content>Roach motel on Gilligan's island First off, if you make people book a room with double occupancy, then you should put 2 towels in the bathroom. We had to call and ask for towels. Also, I read the some other reviews about the cleanliness and I don't know where the other people stayed that had their rooms cleaned twice a day because the first day I arrived there was someone's blonde hair on the wall and the tub was full of foot prints from the previous guest. I had to ask them to sweep floor and clean the tub. Roach motel: The first night we saw several roacheds and called the front desk and no one came. Another couple in building 12 had them all over the bed and night stand. They spoke to a manager who said he would have someone come the next morning. I don't know where he is from but where I am from we don't live and especially don't sleep with roaches. We complained for several days and nothing happened. Fortunately, ours was only on the floor and we got use to killing a couple in the morning and a couple at night. I spoke to others and it seem they too had a problem and spoke to management about it. Once couple finally couldn't take it because they also had them in their bed and they asked to be moved. Crazy thing is...they have an actual waiver for the roaches that people sign before they offer them any compensation.Also, we had to eat at the buffet because the restaurants were reservations only and trying to make a reservation is a joke. I was there from November 4-12 and everything was booked every night. However, when passing the restaurant there were quite a few empty seats. I was told that some people cancel their reservations at the last minute but they will not allow walk ins to fill the seat. Needless to say, I didn't get the full experience of the restaurant.Will not go back.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Del49
<Content>Loved It For The Fourth Time We stayed at the Bahia for the fourth time.We originally booked into the Punta Cana side but were immediately upgraded to the Diamond because of our previous visits. September is our favorite month regardless of the threat of hurricanes.It is the slowest time of the year so the rates are incredibly low compared to other times .A quick check with the National Hurricane Center will give you a good idea of the weather for a week or so. Booking last minute is not a problem. As it is the slow season, certain bars may be closed and sections roped off but the food selection is still good and there is ample staff to maintain excellent service. Line ups for the a la cartes are non-existent and seatings are open for your choosing. September weather is still very summer-like and the pools and ocean are quite warm , just the way wifey likes it. Our stay this year was shortly after a few storms brushed the island but there was no sign of any damage and the staff said it was business as usual. We love the Bahia because the resort is very safe regardless of the time of day or night and the beaches are incredibly beautiful. The resort prides itself on its impeccable landscaping. It is quite large but getting around is not a problem because the numerous shuttles. There is always something to do in the evening to make your stay enjoyable. A few words of warning. As seen in other posts, one can't help but notice a mention of various nationalities staying at the resort.That is so true. English speaking people are definitely a minority and many find the Europeans somewhat loud , rude and pushy. They are quite different in their mannerisms but I call that just a continental characteristic. The hotel staff does their best to make Anglos welcome but find Euros easier to communicate with. Also I find the Dominicans very shy especially the maids but a friendly ola will get you a warm smile.Also a dollar or two every couple days will ensure you above average service.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>BahiaBetrothed
<Content>Coco Loco at Gran Bahia! WARNING:If you miss out on this resort because you have become bitter and jaded by reading all of the sad reviews from people who wouldn't be happy if the hotel left solid gold nuggets on the pillows nightly; you will be missing out on an absolutely magical place.I honestly don't know how you can say anything bad about this place. The grounds are new, and kept immaculate. The staff (while speaking little to no english) is friendly to the point that you almost beg them to tell you off at least once, if only to make sure you are still alive and not residing in heaven.Think I'm laying it on a little thick? - Think again sparky.The pool is huge, gorgeous, and has a swim up bar manned by a couple of awesome guys (Aneuldy and Narquin know how to take care of you). The rooms are spacious and the A/C DOES work, just be sure to close your balcony door VERY tightly. Think the adult side is a wee bit boring after dark (and it is), hop on a bus/baggage cart, and you are at the Casino, Market, Karaoke or Disco in minutes. Listen, the beach is white sand, the water is clear blue, the drinks are cold and plentiful, you can eat somewhere at almost any time of the day...what else could you want? - oh, and trust me on this - stick to the Lobby restaurant buffet for almost every meal. It is as good as it gets. Enough Coco Locos...its ALL good.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Ush04
<Content>Luvin It!!! My boyfriend and I arrived in the Dominican to beautiful weather!! (so all you travellers moaning about the humidity.....think about the weather in the UK - aint something to write about)..........anyways we thought the service, the staff, the rooms and the hotel grounds were excellent!!! Nothing was too much trouble!!! I would definately go there again and in fact my boyfriend sent his parents........who loved their stay too!!The restuarants were excellent and even the buffet was edible!!! Trust me Im a fussy person when it comes to food.....but even I was impressed!! Still think about the steak we had at the Steak House!!! Definately a holiday worth it!!!!! xxx  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lyall
<Content>The good, the bad and the ugly We had a wonderful time at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana wing. We had booked the Club Golden as it included some added benefits which were attractive to us. The hotel and grounds were very clean and in the Punta Cana wing, the rooms are cleaned twice daily. The rooms are lovely and include a fairly large tiled balcony which is a wonderful addition when enjoying your morning coffee or when you are relaxing after the beach or late at night.The complex is large but if you are not in the mood for a walk, the tram cars run continuously through the complex day and night. although you may have to wait for the 2nd or 3rd one in the evening as they are quite full at dinner times and after the theatre ends. The entertainment offered in the outdoor theatre is good but does repeat every week so for a two week stay, it becomes a little mundain the second time around. The food and the service was very good in general. The service at peak times in the buffets could use improving but based on the volume of people, the hotel did a very good job. The a la carte restaurants are all good. The French restaurant was outstanding.We were married at the hotel and the organization of the flowers, the restauarant and the photographs was excellent. However, the cermony evidently was never registered as this was one of the hotels, from what we can determine,that was caught up in the scam by tsome local judges or government officials pocketing the registration fee. The judge was 1 1/2 hours late for the ceremony which also added to the stress of the day. 7 months later, innumerable calls and emails to the hotel has not aided in obtaining our paperwork. Our advice is to go to the Gran Bahia for a lovely vacation and whether the Gran Bahia or another Domican Hotel- do NOT opt to have your marriage there. If you choose, get married by a justice in your home country and have the ceremony in the Domican. It will be lovely and memorable and you will have the comfort of knowing you are legally married.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cleri
<Content>Great trip!       Lobby of the Punta Cana  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>iliriana9
<Content>Extremely Dissapointing Punta Cana should really be renamed to PUNTA KAKA!! I was extremely dissapointed with my stay there and will never ever return to this country again. My husband and I took our daughter there july 20th thru the 30th, and needless to say we felt very unwelcomed. There were so many RUDE people that work there I really dont see how this hotel gets a 5 star rating. Let see where I could begin. .....We arrived at the airoport and were treated like we just invaded the dominicans. They make you form a line and snap their fingers for you to approach and take a picture with 2 girls. Next you pay $10 tourist card fee ( never heard of that before) and 3 sec later anther guy at a booth takes that card, scans it, and says NEXT....so in our case $30 are gone. I still dont know why. When we got to the hotel check in was pretty quick and easy and by the way if you need a safe( which most of us do) you pay abt $45 for the week. The rooms were pretty ok the beds were bad but we didnt excpect serta mattresses either. That night we ate a the buffet , which was ok, but the service sucked. We were left sitting at our table for abt 10min before a waiter came to greet us and offer us water. It usually took abt 3 requests to 3 different people for you to get a cup of water, and we didnt speak spanish either so that was a strike against us. I have never seen so many spanish tourist from Spain, so many French tourists in my entire life. THIS COUNTRY CATERS TO EUROPEANS...if you are looking for a nice time and to be treated how you should.THIS IS NOT THE PLACE. We have been to Mex. 3 times and LOVE IT....I will never go back to Punta Kaka!.....There were a few supervisers that were awsome...Juan Carlos at the buffet always was there to help us, Ilma Nunez was a lobby bar superviser, Maribel also a superviser...AWSOME...the bartenders Rafael , Rudy , German and Agustin AWSOME...Milquea excellent waitress...all the pool bartenders were great also. The grounds are beautiful ....BUT too big of a hotel...we never saw the entertainment team....there were a few managers that would walk by you and didnt even acknowledge you , not even a HI....Chino and Tony were lobby mangers I believe and I would never give them that position..there were others that deserved to be a manager. Oh and also when we went to book our a la carte dinners ( we got 5 since we were staying 10days) it was a nightmare. We were in line for an hour. People were just scattered around the room there not waiting their turns as soon as one couple would be finished with their reservations, others would jump up in front of people that actually were in line. We told the girl there they should ask that people to form a line and not just scatter around, and she just kind of shrugged her shoulders and dissmissed it. The a la carte dinners were good, buffet had different stuff everyday. We came to the conclusion that this wasnt a place for americans. Europeans did not understand the concept of sanding in line for anything!!!!! They would cut in front of you, didnt say excuse me or sorry if they bumped into you or anything at all. There are soooooooooooo many things I can go on and on and on, and I know it's already a long review, but I cant believe we spend so much money and we didnt have an excellent time. It's a shame such a beautiful hotel to have such poor service. This is the last incident I want to share....On our 6th night our usual waitress came to us almost in tears and said she couldnt serve my husband his drink any more. All he drinks is beer with a bit of lime juice and salt. THATS IT! It wasnt a mixture of different alcohols. She told us manger yelled and screamed at her for bringing him a drink that wasnt on the menu. Mexico had no problem offering this drink!!!! then my husband was told if he wanted that drink , he had to go to the bar and get it himself. So he did. Well after 2-3 times the bar all of a sudden couldn't serve him the drink. They filled up a glass of beer cut up some limes and gave my husband a salt shaker. Basically they told him he had the ingridients so he can make his own drink. We were furious!!! This drink has been served for 6 days and all of a sudden it became a problem? WHY? we asked to speak to the person who put a stop to the drink and of course they sent some other manager who tried to explain that the drink is not on the menu therefore it was a big problem to serve it......After about an hour of back and fourth arguing he said let me talk to my team and see what I can do. UNBELIVABLE !!! The next morning he shook my husbands hand and said he can have his drink until we check out and also they moved our waitress from the lobby to the swim bar because he said they have to punish her somehow for serving us that drink. HMMMMMM I thought customer service and satisfaction is # 1 priority ....but I guess not in punta cana!!! You probably think we are exagerating....but I promise you all....we were not the only people that felt this way....We couldnt wait to get home!! A lot of people we met felt the same...so if you want to take a chance and waste about $4000 .....good luck!!!! We definitly won't go back there, MEXICO caters to america and we will stick to Mexico... Never had any problems there WHATSOEVER....And what pisses us off more, we tipped everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Think twice about visiting this resort ...It was our first and last time there...  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>vickyseestheworld
<Content>Amazing Carribean Vacation The resort was absoultely beautiful!! The grounds are very well kept with beautiful palm trees and exotic plants/flowers throughout the resort.Room: large/spacious, very clean...balcony offered more than enough room to hangout and enjoy a drink.Beach: winds were calm during my week in Punta Cana which meant the water was amazing, crystal clear turquoise water...I could see my toes, perfect for a swim! Lots of lawn chairs for sunbathing (I was there in the off season). Pool: I believe there were 4 or 5 pools..since this resort is split into two, each resort had their own pools...they were fairly large and clean...i prefer the ocean!Entertainment: they were ok, they tried. The crew hosted several daily events directly on the beach and pool side.Food: by far the best food I've had at a resort in the carribean...A La Carte resorts served very well and the main buffet offered a variety of International cusine...don't forget to make those reserations on day of arrival.I would recommend the Bahia Principe anytime! great service, food and especially an awesome Beach!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Italianprincess01
<Content>Read this review before the rest! I just returned from Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana (literally yesturday). Before I went on this trip with my boyfriend I, like i'm sure many of you read the reviews posted (especially the bad ones) and to be honest after reading them I did not want to go. HOWEVER I AM SO GLAD I DID. We booked the trip for Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. Upon arriving we were automatically upgraded to Gran Bahia Principe Ambar (which is within the Punta Cana resort) but it is the highest level of luxury. We were allowed to eat at all the restaurants and buffets and everything was included. Our room was literally just feet from the pool and beach. It was absolutely amazing! Contrary to the others that have reviewed there were only a handful of things that were negative (but nothing serious!) Almost all the members of the staff there were extremely friendly and eager to help. Over our 6 day stay there were only 3 staff members that were rude ( a waitress, a hostess, and a cashier at the lobby giftshop) Other than that the staff acted as if they wanted to become your best friend. The only other thing that were negative was El Olivio (the Mediterranean Rest.- only about 5 things offered on the menu and none of them tasty). The grounds, pool, beach, and rooms of the resort are absolutely gorgeous (and believe me I am VERY picky) and contrary to what others say it would be a mistake to go to Punta Cana and stay anywhere else. I cannot wait to go back.P.S. I highly recommend the Buffets, all of them had a huge selection for both breakfast and dinner and it was all tasty.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scorpian31
<Content>Wonderful Vacation We had a wonderful vacation. We had some glitches (travel agency related, not resort related), but the front desk staff was great at helping us work through them.The grounds were beautiful. Check in was painless. We booked two rooms for our family, but soon discovered that although they were technically on the same floor ( rooms 11106 and 11108), they were not connected by a hallway. You had to walk around the entire building to get to the other room. This was not an ideal situation for a family. We requested a room change, and it was granted the next morning. We had hoped for side by side, but at least we did end up on the same floor.Rooms were large and well kept. We had king beds in each. Be careful when taking a shower. It was very easy to flood the floor In fact, the hotel was so low on towels on Monday (due to people using them to mop up the flooded floor) that we were only given one towel for four people. Food was very good, but I would suggest bringing some Tums for stomach upset. They have to plan menus for international vacationers, and I think that they did this quite admirably. Gourmet restaurants we patronized were: Japanese (least favorite for taste, and felt rushed to get out); bar-b-que buffett (very good and large variety) and Garden Grille (our family's favorite). Book your restaurants as soon as you check in. The latest we had for seating was 7:45. .We really didn't have problems as others have reported.Pools were large and did not feel crowded. We never had difficulty getting a chair. The main pool was very hot (over 100 degrees). Not the best swimming environment. The smaller pools were better The aerobic instructor was a lot of fun.Beaches were clean. Again, no problem getting chairs. The boats were noisy, and often the gas smell was a bit overwhelming. I would suggest moving farther down the beach towards the Bavaro side to escape fumes.There weren't too many American's the week we went down, but we didn't mind. It was a a great experience to be surrounded by so many nationalities. It was a wonderful cultural trip for out entire family. Any language barriers were easily overcome.We did an off site excursion with Bavarro Runner tours. I would highly recommend this. They really packed the day with exciting and educational activities. The guide was highly informative and very entertaining. They negotiated a better price than any of their competitors. This by far was our best family vacation. There were some things that weren't 100%, but I believe that you would be hard pressed to go on any vacation where everything was perfect.Would consider going again in a hearbeat.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jennart8
<Content>Overall, great trip.       Buildings in Ambar  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>tavarua
<Content>Great place to relax My family, including 2 teenagers, just returned from the Bahia Principe last week. Here are my thoughts.Hotel Grounds - 5 Star! Beautifully landscaped and impecably maintained.Ocean - 5 Star! The water was really warm and a beautiful light blue. My only complaint would be that the snorkeling is very poor in front of the resort. Decent snorkeling can be found within a 15 minute walk north of the resort. Staff - 5 Star! Very friendly and always available. It was occasionally difficult not knowing Spanish but we got around ok. Most of the visitors are Canadian or European. I liked that as I was looking for a international location, not Hawaii. Rooms - 5 Star! Very nicely appointed rooms that were always clean and are very roomy. Satellite TV was nice. We found at least 8 channels in English. Location - 5 Star! Great place to get away from it all. Don't expect any easy access to outside places as this hotel is on its own. We liked that part of it. I do think the snorkeling would be better in the hotels south of the eastern tip. They would also be closer to the airport. It took an hour taxi from the airport to the Bahia.Activities - The activities at the resort are good. They always have things going on by the pools and have activity service right on the beach. They will literally pick you up off of the sand for scuba, parasailing, snorkeling, etc. The Bahia is very nice and met all of our expectations. Our kids had a lot of fun because there is a lot of teenagers and night things for them to do. The only turn off was the market in front of the hotel. The people are EXTREMELY pushy and annoying when trying to sell junk. They were very expensive. A typical $3 bracelet in the states would cost $10 in the market. My wife and I went once and never went back!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>missthewater
<Content>Loved it! We just got back from the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Can  had a great time! Everything that I read about the resort before we left said it was a 4 star property and I think that is right on. The grounds  beach a beautiful! A little wavy at the shore but not so much that you cannot get in the water and hang out. There are a lot of chairs  palapas on the beach we never had a problem getting something in the shade heading out there late morning. The pools are nice and well kept as well but warm like bath water as it was pretty hot there right now so we preferred the beach  the ocean by about mid morning. Also it was hard to get chairs with shade at the pool unless you got up early and got out there to reserve them. The bars and bartenders were all great too and pretty entertaining. We tried the sugary drinks which were all good but they were always willing to make whatever drinks we came up with. We brought our own insulated cups and used them all day everyday it was so nice to have our drinks stay cold! The bars didn't open until 10 am - we are early risers  early to bed so would have liked to have had bloody's for breakfast but not a huge deal. The food was 4 star quality. I am a picky eater and have a rather sensitive stomach but had no problems. The buffets had a really big variety of food and always something that they would whip up for you like omlets or pasta. They evern had sushi most days which my boyfriend (who is half japanese) said was actually pretty good. We hit them near the closing time a couple of times  they were still stocking it with fresh food. The seafood restaurant was good not great but good. The steakhouse and the japanese restaurants we really liked a lot great food  fun.We drank the water, brushed our teeth  washed our dishes with the water and I never got sick. My boyfriend had a day where he had to take some tums to settle his stomach but then laid off the sugary fruit drinks and fruit at the buffet and was fine. We don't eat a ton of fruit at home or drink much fruit juice and he was having fruit at every meal as well as fruity drinks all day so I'm sure that's all it was. The square with the shops, vendors, casino  stuff was nice to go meander around at night. You can banter with the guys with the carts but not in the stores. Start by offering about 1/3 of what they tell you. Also the vendors that walk the beach were really cheap and easier to bargain with. They don't bother you unless you call them over. We also caught a glimpse of a few shows  they seemed pretty entertaining. We tried to play tennis a few days one day it was just too hot so we scheduled the first court time the next morning  the guy never showed up to open the courts. Not great courts but fine to get some exercise on vacation. There was definetely a language barrier but it is a foreign country and as long as you are patient they usually figure it out or will call someone over who speaks better english to help. They love it if you at least try a few phrases and also enjoy answering questions about how to say certain things in spanish. We didn't really have anyone who was rude to us at the resort but there were people who didn't go out of thier way to be nice or attentive but we are pretty low maintenance so this did not bother us at all.If you have any specific questions pm me  I will answer them instead of rambling on here.....We loved it  will go back!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jrodriguez07
<Content>Second Time around: still AMAZING!!!       Arriving at Punta Cana  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>cat93
<Content>Gran Bahia Pincipe is trluy Grand       Amber Pool  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ItalianBabbe
<Content>Think Twice My husband and I are in our mid-thirties and honeymooned in Punta Cana 2 years ago at Sunscape the Beach and we absolutley loved it. We decided to return to Punta Cana and try another resort. Keep in mind, we chose a higher rated, Golden Apple resort. We stayed at the Gran Bahia for 11 nites, 12 days and just returned on 6/29/08. We are easy going, easy to please people and don't complain much but I highly recommend you changing your travel plans if you have booked this resort. The resort itself is very beautiful. The pools and the beach are great. The room was very nice. The service on the other hand is terrible. The worst i've ever seen and we travel alot.Let me begin with checkin..We arrived at the reception desk at 2:00 PM to check in. We were told our room wasn't going to be ready until about 2:40 which was fine because checkin was actually 3:00 anyway. We continued checking the status of our room every half hour. We finally got our room at 6:00 PM. Three hours and 40 minutes later was totally ridiculous. they kept telling us 10 more minutes.The first day we tipped the maid $20 (600 pesos) and asked her in Spanish to please give us 5 beers and 5 diet pepsis and that no other beverages were needed. The $20 was taken quickly but no beverages appeared. It was hit or miss with towels and washcloths. You never no what your going to get. Somedays 2 towels, some 3 and some days NONE. Calling housekeeping does nothing because they say they will bring them to you and never show up. This happened 3 times. We contacted Guest Services and advised but nothing ever changes. We also contacted our onsite Apple Vacations rep who made a call instantly and we immediatley had someone bring beer, soda and towels to our room. But that only lasted 2 days, then back to the same bad service.This is an all-inclusive resort but if you think your getting a drink, think again. It doesn't matter if its soda or alcohol. Lets start off with soda at dinner in the buffet. You never get your beverages with your dinner. They do usually come over as soon as your seated and ask what you would like to drink but by the time you actually get it, your done with dinner. I can't even count how many times we ordered soda before eating and never got drinks. We went several meals eating, finishing and leaving the buffet before soda even reached our table. There is pleanty of staff walking around in the dining room but for some reason they are doing other things, standing around mostly. Next is ALL the pool bars, the karaoke bar and the Disco. HAHA... if you think your getting a drink in one of these places its gooing to take a while. If you don't mind standing at the bar for 30-40 minutes you may get a drink. The bars are extremely understaffed.The Casino is another place that is understaffed. The tables were always packed with people and they never opened up the other tables. For the entire 11 nights we were there, they only had half the tables open each nite. You have to pay for drinks in the Casino and you are not allowed to bring a drink in with you. I tried cashing 2 -100 dollars bills for 20's and they would not allow me to cash more than one bill. We were told the casino is privately owned...Interesting huh...One of our dinners was the Japanese place. The dinner itself was awesome. Our room/table was assigned 2 waiters. One was excellent and we tipped him well on the way out. The other waiter decided he and another Spanish guest were going to talked about us in Spanish right at the table in front of us. My husband and I don't speak spanish but we understand it. That was the longest and most uncomfortable dinner I've ever had in my life. We did have 2 very positive and pleasurable experiences. Another dinner we had was the Mexican place. Everything about it was great. The staff, the food and the service. Actually we liked it so much we tried to get in a second time with no reservation. We tipped the senorita at the door and she seated us with no problem.Leaving Punta Cana was another disaster. The line at the check in counter for Continental was about 75-80 people long and only 2 counters open. The Elite service had 4 counters open and no line. Totally ridiculous!! I'm sure you can probably tell we were soooo happy to be back home in Jersey. And probably safe to say we will most likely stay clear of the Dominican Republic for a while if not forever.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>AU_Toronto
<Content>Larger than life! First impression, this place is huge! There are 5 resorts on this property. There is a bus that travels the grounds to shuttle ppl from one end to the other, which in the heat, is GREAT! The grounds are very well kept, and for the most part, the staff was very friendly. The nightly entertainment shows were phenomenal - high energy, well trained, great costumes! Be sure to catch the Michael Jackson one!! The beach was spectacular...and miles long! Powder white sand, a blue sky and the ocean ALL WEEK long! The weather was awesome!The Club Premier -- my first impression was that it was too far from the beach. But after figuring out the shuttle, I realized that it was actually probably the best location. It was far from the beach, but gladly it was also far from the main kids pool, which was insanely busy and far too crowded. The Premier pool was much more low key, still had a good mix of families, elderly and couples and was big and clean. Each resort also has a few restaurants and a lobby bar, so it wasnt like we were totally deserted. Another really nice thing about Premier's location, is that its close to the main lobby where most of the larger buffets and bars are, all the theatre shows are held, and the main square of the complex is - which housed outdoor entertainment, the casino, shops, and the disco. Our room was large, clean, and well decorated. The bathroom was marble and always had clean towels thanks to our maid. The balcony was also large and overlooked our pool which was very nice at night. Great closet space, decent tv channels, and an extra bed and seating area were a nice touch too. No elevators tho, so be prepared to walk a LOT! (which was good for the beach bod lol) One thing I will warn ppl about is the towel art. The maids are wonderful and put out great towel art each day, which included fresh flowers, but beware, the flowers can contain ANTS! I had some creepy crawlers try to set up shop in my bed one night, and had a hell of a time trying to communicate fresh sheets to the spanish speaking front desk attendants. I eventually got the sheets, but it was quite frustrating, especially at 3 am!!The food at the buffets was great - I especially liked the personalized pasta station and the freshly grilled meat. mmmmm We ate at 3 a al carte places - the Mediterranean, the bbq meat one, and the Japanese one. The bbq one was no hell, I was actually confused as to why we even needed a reservation. It was a converted outdoor grill with plastic tables  chairs with table cloths and a BUFFET...? There was no ala carte menu...I was very diappointed. I was still hungry and ended up at the main buffet looking for more... The mediterranean was pretty good, but the service was slow. May have been an off night tho... My fave was the Japanese restaurant! The service was awesome - the meal was prepared on a cooktop right at your table, so the service was very personal. The menu included a number of courses, all of which you got - u didnt have to choose! You could have all of the options, or just a few whatever you wanted! it was awesome - but book early bc this one fills up! We couldnt get a res b4 Fri at 9pm and had to wait like 30 min for a table bc it was sooo busy, but still well worth the wait! The main square has street vendors, who can be aggressive, as well as regular stores, which was nice bc it was the best of both worlds. We got some cheesy souvenirs from the street vendors and got some really nice genuine pieces from the real stores! The disco was mostly younger teenagers but played good music. The casino was small and limited, but still fun! i managed to leave with a few bucks in my pocket! This hotel was more expensive than most, and was rated 5 stars, and I was weary as most ppl are going to a place they have never been, but as soon as we arrived I knew we would be getting good value for the money we paid. It was very nice and i would definetly stay there again :)  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	5	4	5	

<Author>HappyHappyKelowna
<Content>Simply Amazing! For me...This was my first real vacation outside Canada and boy was I impressed to say the least! The ground and the staff were amazing and friendly. The food quality and diversity was something I have never even imagined! At first I was pretty worried considering I did my homework. We read all the reviews...talked to other people who had been there and at first we were pretty leery on how our experience was going to be. This trip was a gift for our daughters graduation and we were worried it was not going to end up being the vacation of her dreams. BOY WERE WE WRONG! Any time we had any questions about anything the staff were always trying to go above and beyond. We made sure to try and speak some of the language and they were very appreciative for that and bent over backwards. Always happy to take pictures for us and with us! The room was great and maid service was fantastic! Word to the wise.. a dollar US here and there goes a long way in getting some extra services!The beach was amazing and clean. Lots of places to lie down and soak in the sun. However it is best if you like a bit of shade to get your towels down early and then go on about your day and you have your spot reserved.The animation team was awesome and had so many great and fun activities available at all hours from dancing to areobics, horsehoes to pingpong. There was never a shortage of things to occupy our time.Would I stay there again.. You bet! I am already planning our next trip back!If you have any complaints about this place.. you need to get your head checked because we could not have asked for a better vacation!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>redeye77
<Content>Good  When we arrived at the resort, We were greeted promptly and rushed to our rooms. The rooms were very clean and upto date. The resort is very clean but the serivce is poor. First you HAVE to use the little door indicators to let the cleaners know not to enter the room. We had cleaners comming in at 8am while we were in bed. Also had maintance workers walk into the room while we were sleeping to wake up yo find this man is working in the room while we are sleeping.   The food was good in all the ala carts. The BBQ alla cart was a waste of time. The service was useless and the food was poor. All the other ala carts are very good.  The entertaiment was okay. I would rate it a 7 out of 10.  The pool staff is wonderfull and very pleasant. The beach is kept clean, The is lot's of beach shade and lounge chairs and the water is very clean.. I would not reccomend any of the snorkling excursion. You  are rushed from site to site and there is very few fish to see. We were informed that we would be sent to a caged in site and there is lot's of water species would be visable. The only visable species that we had seen was seaweed. What a waste of money  time. Over all the service from staff from the is poor. The cleaners and pool staff are great. I would only reccomend this resort if the service staff changes.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	4	3	3	

<Author>VAJM
<Content>Amazing Time :)       Pablo Principe  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>25AnniversaryCouple
<Content>Magnifico My husband and I just returned yesterday from BPPC after a wonderful 25th anniversary - 5 day vacation from May 26-30 2008. We are a mid age couple from Puerto Rico. After searching and reading many reviews of different hotels at Punta Cana, I asked a co-worker who travels to PC every year about a resort and she recommended Bahia. We had the time of our life there. The resort is BEAUTIFUL, very well maintained. The beach is enchanting. Food at the buffet and the restaurants (Cafe Paris and El Pescador) was better than we expected of such a big resort. The staff and service was excellent (Please tip them, they work so hard to service you always with a smile). For us it was perfect for relaxing and slow down from daily stress. If you are looking for a place for big kids and teens, this is not the place, beside the beach and the pools on daytime, there is nothing else to do. Evening shows are good and also the entertainment at Pueblo Principe. Most of the people staying at the resort that week were europeans and canadians. Not may americans, and only a few hispanics. We have no complaints of this resort. On our trip back home we heard the experiences of other tourist about the bad food on other hotels and also about incident of stolen clothes and cellular phones from their rooms and even passports that were locked at safes!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>GLOBETROTTERLEEDS
<Content>wonderfull resort We visited the resort in March 08 - me, my wife and 2 kids. We all had a grea holiday - the resort is very big but has a train that runs constantly. The speciality restaurants are excellent the best we have had in the Dominican R. Beautiful beach. Good selection of pools - all very well maintained. Nice big rooms, well serviced. Great weather. bad points - lobby bar service sometimes bit slow and could do with more staff - unfortunately if you flashed the dollars there was more chance of getting served quicker. Entertainment good but if there for 2 weeks it is repeated for the second week. Through day activities were not advertised (never knew what was going on, ie competitions etc). Resort maybe a little too big for our liking.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>RedStripeNS
<Content>Very Enjoyable Stay This is a very nice and well run resort. As we have stayed at other Bahia Principe resorts we were upgraded to the Premier section. This was a nice touch, but I think we would have been happy without the upgrade. As others have noted, this is a large (and still expanding!), but easily navigated property. The shuttles are very convenient. The pools, bars, grounds and overall service were very good to excellent. The beach is fantastic. This is a very busy section of the beach as the Rius and Iberostars are immediately to the south on the beach. The food was fair to very good and we never had trouble finding something tasty to eat. The food was about on par with what we have experienced at other resorts. I can't say much about the entertainment at night as it was not of much interest to us. We wandered by a couple of times and other guests seemed to be enjoying it. Overall, I would say that the package we got through Sunwing was very good value for the money. I would recommend this resort to anyone, unless they were looking for something very quiet or were accustomed to something more upscale.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Uechi
<Content>All Round Excellent Just returned from Gran Bahia Principe (28th April 08 of us from England met family and friends from Canada for a wedding.We have stayed at many 5 star hotels etc all over the word this was absolutely spot on. We have no complaints what so ever. ( we have come to realise over the years that some travellers go out of their way to find problems, our attitude is go to enjoy not to find fault.A couple of tips do book the restaurants , Japanese/French/ Seafood etc as soon as you get there dont leave it too late as they really do get full quite quickly. The buffet in the main Reception/Lounge area for breakfast and lunch is very good. You really can eat yourself to a stand still.We were upgraded to Premier when the rest of our party where in the standard area of Punta Cana and guess what the rooms as exactly the same and also Premier is a little out of the way of from the main resort. The resort is like a very large village but the bus/trolley service is excellent. Take some US $ 1 with you, yes everything really is included but its nice to tip the staff and room cleaners. All in all we were very impressed and are definately going back, Soon  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SnowDude
<Content>Gorgeous beach, friendly staff -- A delight!       The main arrival area.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>1970mgb
<Content>Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana This was our second time at this resort- why take a chance when you are pretty happy overall the first time.If you are uncomfortable with mingling with folks from Russia, Poland , Italy , Quebec, Spain, England and dealing with people who do not speak good English, well .... stay home and freeze. The hotel is a great value , cafeteria food was excellent, but with 7 or 8 nice restaurants there is lots of variety. With a bit of friendly banter with the staff it was easy to get a couple of extra restaurant dinners . (Helps if you speak a bit of Spanish). We ate 5 out of 7 dinners at the restaurants. Best ones are the Italian Japanese and French) What I really like, and not everyone realizes this , is that breakfasts and lunches are served at some of the restaurants eg. the italian for breakfast and fish restarant at the beach for lunch. No reservations needed. The quality of these is much better and the atmosphere is nicer than the beach cafeteria plus its full service.Rooms are large and vey nice and maintenance is excellent .. the staff is really trying hard to please. I find the Dominicans are generally shy, but try hard to speak English, a few worda of Spanish are well appreciated. Hey, this isnt Cleveland and thats part of the charm. Once you make initial contact , no problemo. My wife speaks Spanish very well so we got the inside scoop and a few nice perks as a result . One hint, ask for a room facing the pool, if not you are looking at the mango swamp. Getting a good spot at the pool or beach is always a bit problematic. Just get there early or very late or talk to A****** at the pool cafeteria.I was pleased to see that the Bahia is improving year over year.. the food was better overall.Small gripes. Drinks are totally inconsistent even from the same bar i.e. weak - strong , cold- warm etc. need some standards.Also we hosers from Canada like to bring our big insulated Timmys coffee mugs along to get filled with Margueritas etc. Well , mid week management decided they cant do that any more so they gave us 3 small plastic cups which we quickly transferred to the mugs. No big deal.The beach is second to none. Great vacation.. again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gkutsko
<Content>Great Hotel We recently returned from Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and had a wonderful time. The rooms were clean and in good shape. The entertainment and drinks were plentiful and the pool was wonderful as well. There were very times that I didn't notice the cleaning staff working around the grounds. The only aspect of the hotel that I didn't enjoy was the food. On a scale of 1-10, I would give it a 4. Don't expect too much in that department. If possible book or ask for an upgrade to the Gold Club, It is closer to the pool and the Ocean and you will save time on the walk/bus ride. I would return to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jina60
<Content>Great Hotel Got back from the Bahia Principe, Punta Cana on March 28th.First of all, I must say that DO NOT TRAVEL WITH AIR TRANSAT. Seats were cramped. Imagine sitting for 7hrs in a cramped position. The flight attendants were good. They knew that the plane was packed and crammed as well.As far as the hotel is concerned, it was absolutely wonderful. Granted, it was big, however, the service was so good that you didn't feel like it was that big.The beach was actually the best I have seen, and I have been all over the caribbean.The hotel next to us had a terrible beach with weeds ( Majestic Colonial). The other hotel on the other side to us, Riu, shared our wonderful beach.The food was a little bland in the buffet, however, a lot of people liked it. Our favorite theme resturant was the French, Mediterranean,seafood, and fried chicken from room service(24 hrs room sercice)  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Canadian_Katie
<Content>Amazing Time       Juan and John, our favourite bartenders, always dancing and singing.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>steve0967
<Content>5 star hotel, 2 star service   showReview(14467994, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>horlings
<Content>Great Family Vacation       Trolleys that help you get around  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	3	3	5	5	4	

<Author>robOntario
<Content>good and bad   showReview(13966757, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>ArtGrl
<Content>Amazing Trip!       Pool area in the Premiere section  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>melcamStConstant
<Content>Quand même beau       Le lit King très confortable  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	2	4	

<Author>Shelvira
<Content>Buen hotel para descandar       habitación  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	3	5	2	

<Author>EmilAyal
<Content>Bueno pero no excelente       salida del hotel  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>MabelSanJuan
<Content>Nos fascino el Resort       Delicisosos postres en en Garden Grill  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patataavellino
<Content>decisamente paradisiaco   showReview(17803805, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>milyArecibo
<Content>El hotel es hermoso Yo volveré con los ojos cerrados.       Habitacion doble premier  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chiki-cadiz
<Content>Todo perfecto   showReview(17603426, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lilian8
<Content>Mucho movimiento, pero muy bueno   showReview(17406137, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>tryax
<Content>SENSAZIONALE       Che macho...  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chantalMontreal
<Content>excellent séjour !   showReview(16393510, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>celiahus
<Content>super   showReview(16001947, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>graceSavigliano
<Content>Tutto perfetto   showReview(14785437, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shilvy
<Content>Exceptionnel       Grande chambre confortable  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>masquin
<Content>casi perfecto   showReview(14403148, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vortexrouge
<Content>retour de grand bahia principe       piscine naturel avec étoile de mer  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marbellero
<Content>Estupendo complejo con un servicio excelente y unas playas preciosas.   showReview(12688616, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>cristyagata
<Content>Un Natale e Capodanno da favola !!   showReview(12574460, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

