<Author>AlineNassau
<Content>So comfortable There are three main reasons why i stay at Le Placide;great staff and personalized service:unique, comfortable rooms and promixity to le Bon Marche( just across the street). We have stayed in many hotels in Paris but this our favourite.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ibettan
<Content>Home Sweet Home I've spent 2 nights in this small hotel and really felt like at home.We were recieved by the owner of the place, a french woman named Marie, who did everything to make us fell well.The room was also very bright and comfortable.We've spend a very nice weekend in paris staying in this place which is located in the center of paris, not to far from Notre Dame, and closed to Le Bon Marche, a french department store very chic  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jolie111
<Content>Great boutique hotel       Balcony  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mareg
<Content>Gem in Saint Germain Cozy little hotel, tr猫s chic, highly comfortable, quiet, and very clean. Ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain, with both Metro (S猫vres-Babylone) and velolib bike station just steps away. Room size (junior suite) slightly at the low end relative to price, but certainly sufficient. Small but excellent breakfast buffet. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. Stayed there for 3 days (on special offer price) and would have loved to stay on. If you are looking for something really special, this one is highly recommendable.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>selomo
<Content>excellent overall only positive words to Marie, Nichola, Muktar, Aline and Bertran. I spent nine nights in this boutique hotel. Charming hotel in all the confort aspects. Huge room and bathroom, bright and calm. Toilleteries Molton Brown. Breakfast with all the needs. Keep this hotel as a little jewel and you will be always successfull. Location unbeatable, Saint Germain and Bon March茅. Metro station in the corner. Lot of restaurants and shopping all around. And of course, small corners to fall in love. Recommended at all.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Cherish
<Content>fantastic personalized service We booked Le Placide for our recent trip to Paris. My sister and I, and my parents had rooms on the same floor meaning we had one floor all to ourselves. The rooms are not huge but definitely comfortable and roomy enough by Parisian standards. They were clean, well appointed and pleasant. We go to Paris every year and we have stayed in hotels like the Plaza Athenee, Pvailion de la Reine and the boutique Hyatt at Malsherbes. Though all were equally good in varying degrees, Le Placide has won us over in terms of service. We felt like very welcome guests in someone's home. The location, of being in the Saint Germain area is also a definite plus.From the time we arrived ( we requested for a car to fetch us at the train station), every request we made was catered to quickly and warmly. Restaurant reservations were made on our behalf and everyone, from Madame Marie, Nicholas, Christophe and even the guy who poured coffee for breakfast was genuinely accomodating. One thing that stands out in my memory was when we requested for a taxi to wait for us at the CDG airport- we went to Spain after Paris, and we were flying in from Granada and going straight to catch the Eurostar to London, we didn't want to have to queue for a cab or take the train afraid of delays and all that. So we asked the hotel to book us a taxi for that date (note that we wouldn't be guests of the hotel by this time) We communicated via email and all was set. When we arrived the taxi was there and my phone started ringing, I didn't answer as it was an unknown number. A few minutes later, the taxi drivers phone rang, and it was the hotel asking if we were picked up. Nicholas even asked to speak to one of us to see if everything was ok. Now that is personalized service! I was really touched by that.We all agreed that we would definitely stay in Le Placide again!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>allwol
<Content>Delightful service but pricey Charming hotel in a great location. Good for local shopping and public transport. Very comfortable rooms (only 11 of them). Reception and service charming, friendly and very helpful. Breakfast a bit of a rip-off at 鈧?2 for a cup of tea! We stayed four nights and despite being close to the busy Rue de Sevre we found it quiet and restful. Curtain between bed and bathrooms a little disconcerting but the open plan idea gives the effect of spaciousness. Definitely over-priced  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tripadvisiorreview99
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Service !! Great location of the Hotel. Most of it is within 10-20 minutes walking distance or a short taxi ride away. Metro Station is just around the corner.The Hotel itself is very clean and the staff is surprisingly nice and helpful. Both very unusual for Paris Hotels (even the 5 star ones).We stayed for two nights at the beginning of April 2008 in a suite on the 4th floor. The room layout is very well done, the room itself is not huge but spacious enough not to feel boxed in (as it is with so many other hotel rooms in Paris for that price). Fantastic bathroom with a bath tub, also very clean and spacious. Breakfast buffet is very good. The night attendant deserves special attention since he provided us with excellent bar  restaurant tips! (Try asking the staff in other Hotels in Paris and you will find that not even will they be unfriendly but also couldn't care less about telling you about nice evening/night spots.)After many times in Paris we finally found our hotel in Paris for quick getaways or extended weekends!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewJerseyF_ally
<Content>Charming On my most recent visit to Paris, I stayed at a wonderful place that embodies what most people dream of in a hotel: personal service combined with all the amenities of a large, upscale, cosmopolitan hotel: 鈥淟e Placide St Germaine des Pres.鈥?As I walked in I was greeted with a warm welcome and I immediately felt at home. The reception staff is dynamic, always available, and really went out of their way to accommodate my needs and to give me exceptional service.For example, I told the manager that I liked jogging with a coach, and the next day she offered me a jogging trail and a coach. Also, my wife and I were invited to a spur-of-the-moment dinner. The manager of the hotel brought a hairdresser for my wife, and found a florist although it was around 8:00 pm and everything was closed. In addition, their recommendations for restaurants were all excellent and really enhanced my trip.In short, all my needs and requests were met speedily and cheerfully. The hotel is in the heart of Paris. The rooms are very well lit and the beds are very comfortable. They are furnished with style as well as being cozy.While I was at my business appointments, my wife spent a few hours exploring Saint Germans des Pres, the intellectual and artistic heart of Paris. She did all of her shopping at 鈥淏on March茅鈥? marveling at the tremendous variety of items offered by the 鈥淕rande Epicerie鈥? which really deserves its name. In a nutshell, it's lovely hotel that I highly recommend to anyone visiting Paris for business or leisure.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>esraz
<Content>A truly gracious hotel Enjoyed a 4 night stay at Le Placide in January. We arrived very early and were treated to tea and light cakes by the fire in the lounge.We booked this suite through the hotel鈥檚 website and feel that by doing so we were offered the best rate possible.All in all our stay at Le Placide was remarkable. I must finish this review by saying that special mention should go to each and every member of staff at Le Placide who made our stay such an extra special event.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AJDuke
<Content>Layout ensures Noisy Stay Despite its convenient location close to BonMarche, this hotel suffers from a major design flaw: its layout. Although there are only 2 suites per floor, the petite elevator opens onto a central hall where both doors for each suite face each other. If you happen to have a neighbor who is even moderately loud, the noise will carry to your bed, which is unfortunately directly behind the front door. My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and 2 of those nights were spent up all night due to noise.While the hotel staff attempted to be understanding, in the end, they offered little compensation other than grave apologies for other patrons' selfish and inconsiderate behaviour. The layout is the major culprit and there is nothing that can be done about that.At 375 Euros/night, that is hard to tolerate. If you care about getting sleep, I would not stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>designfanatic
<Content>Excellent I almost did not book this hotel due to some negative reviews.I am so so happy we did.Very small (but they all are) but very modern and elegant.The rooms had plenty of room for clothing and even room to hide our 2 large suitcases under the bench.The bed was comfortable, but I was not in love with the pillows and duvet. They were not as fluffy and felt a little polyester fill like. But not a deal breaker. In such a small space they managed to fit all the comforts in. The bathroom was almost as big as the room and was white and fabulous. The bath having only a shower attachment was not that bad and welcomed having a quick soak after a long day of walking. The Molten Brown bath products were great and now have me hunting them online because my husband loved them so much.Lots of counter space for makeup etc.The location was the best, as I saw the other areas I considered and was delighted on our choice. St Germain is a fabulous location and close to everything but enough out of the rat trap of tourism.Lots of shopping nearby, we really only shopped in our neighbourhood because there was so much. For those who need to pick up a quick sweater or jacket or like shopping at Zara there is one right next store. The Double Jeu clothing store across the street was friendly and I found some wonderful fashions. There is a Italian restaurant across the street and up about 50 meters that I loved. And to top it off the service at the hotel was outstanding!! Nicholas and Bertrand (sp?) were so friendly and helpful, and the fellow that served us breakfast in the morning was so very sweet.We did not encounter one unfriendly person our entire visit.Thank you Le Placide.I will of course stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>acontributor
<Content>great little hotel with superb service My wife and I stayed three nights which we booked direct.We stayed in a junior suite which was narrow but spacious. The suite was very light .The well appointed bathroom would benefit from having an independent shower other than a shower attachment to the bath but we didn't find this detrimental to our enjoyment. I wouldn't recommend the breakfast at 鈧?2 per head.There are plenty of places nearby where you can get breakfast.Guests with limited mobility should make specific enquiry with the hotel regarding their needs before booking. Any adverse comments are more than cancelled out by the hotel's qualities.There was very little noise from outside the room,possibly helped by there being only two rooms on each floor,and thereby helping to ensure a restful stay.The location is great,being close to Le Bon Marche and no more than a 20 minute walk to the Musee d'Orsay and the Louvre.Where the hotel excels is in the service.I sent a list of restaurants we wanted to visit,with the hotel booking one of my choices and two of their own.Each was different but all were excellent.The hotel booked taxis to get to the restaurants and all arrived precisely on time. The hotel booked an excellent private guide (鈧?00 for two hours) to take us around Musee d'Orsay and even telephoned to make sure we had met up.The guide recommended the Musee d'Orsay restaurant on the 1st foor and it was superb. The staff at the hotel really went out of their way to ensure we had the best possible visit to Paris.We encountered none of the much reported ignorance and arrogance of the Parisiennes. Any one who doesn't enjoy this hotel will have visited it when the staff are having an off day or, more likely, are much too demanding to be pleased by anything,.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bifty
<Content>A little gem! I was taken to this hotel by my fiancee as a surprise for my 30th birthday and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Paris and hoping for good accommodation and friendly staff.Hotel rooms in Paris, as in most cities, are not particularly large so don't expect large spaces. However, we were in a junior suite and the space was perfectly adequate with a large, luxurious bed and a wonderful bath with lots of Molten Brown goodies.What set this hotel apart from other boutique hotels was the warm and friendly nature of the staff. They could not do enough for us when we arrived from booking restaurants(Chez Monet Josephines is wonderful by the way), suggesting day trips and insisting on us taking umbrellas due to the rain.Also, they had liased with my fiancee before the trip and helped book us into dinner on the Friday night and an opera on the Saturday night.Bertrant, Christophe and the rest of the staff helped ensure that our stay in Paris was first class.The hotel is in a fanastic area, close to all the designer boutiques and good restaurants so we walked to most places.We really loved this hotel and would certainly return!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ulla-7
<Content>New hotel !! My husband and I chose this hotel based on it's small size and location. We could not have imagined a more PERFECT place to stay for our honeymoon. They did open a couple of month ago ! The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. The location was excellent - just minutes from the Bon March茅 and Saint-Germain area. We were most impressed by our room - one of the nicest I've ever stayed in, and a tremendous value for the money. It was very roomy, especially for a European hotel. Beautifully decorated and a lovely bathroom. We will stay at this hotel every time we come to Paris. I only wish we could have stayed a little longer. The hotel staff recommended a nearby restaurant, Sensing, which was an amazing experience in itself!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>emilioo
<Content>pleasant stay We had 2 rooms for 3 nights in November and had a very pleasant stay. Clean, very nicely decorated and nice size for Paris standard. The whole staff was friendly, they helped us to book 2 tables at Passard... Wonderful !!I warmly recommend the place which is really well located, very near le Bon March茅, numerous cafes, shops and restaurants...  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cherryll
<Content>Wonderful hotel !               
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Monijess
<Content>Very nice Design Hotel We bumped into the Hotel by chance... Had reserved another hotel through the internet... A disaster... Even if we weren't able to get our money back, we decided to move anyway... This new Design Boutique Hotel located in Saint Germain des pres is a real diamond! They've just opened and are incredibly helpfull and friendly ! This is a trendy spot and THE place to be !!!We had a lovely time and the rooms and amenities are over the top !!!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>labonbon
<Content>An overpriced, unfriendly facade We were two women referred to Le Placide by another hotel. Due to unacceptable accommodations booked through the Internet we found ourselves in a situation of having to find hotel accommodation on the spot. The first hotel we stayed at was excellent, however, they were only able to provide us with three nights, they referred us to Le Placide for two nights. The hotel has just opened and the rooms are exceptionally small. The front desk staff are very uptight and nervous. They will need to go a long way to make their guests feel welcome and at home. Although the hotel is charging premium rates much of it is a facade. For instance the carpets although new are of the lowest quality. The room we were given, a duplex, did not have room to turn around or place luggage anywhere but on the bed. There was one small closet which was also used as a bar, with glasses for wine, consequently one of the hangers fell onto the glass shattering it into pieces. When we came into the room flowers had been placed in the bathroom and up a ledge on the stairwell, these were suppose to be fresh but were half dead. The following day the same flowers remained with a few dead ones taken out. Although this is a small matter it is an indication of how the hotel presents itself and how it actually is. As well the shower stall was not clean and there were finger smudges over parts of the walls. In front of our door was the entrance to the reception area, the door which was glass had a large crack in it. Also a table that had been used in the courtyard broke in half and they just left it there with a large pillar candle on the floor. Any hotel charging premium rate should take care of these things so their guests don't have to look at negligence. There is a loud rumbling noise that starts about 5:00 a.m. and keeps on going through the morning which is most disturbing, we were never able to figure out what is was. Although the location is okay if you are going to pay this room rate spend your money elsewhere it is not worth spending it at Le Placide!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione e personale di...   showReview(21662627, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DS2BBK
<Content>J'ai trouv茅 mon chez moi 脿 Paris   showReview(7668250, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

