<Author>BoysInNY
<Content>Amazing resort, but keep a few things in mind...       Deluxe Room Bed  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Goh_Josh
<Content>Conrad Bali scores over and over again!       The Conrad Monkey Plush Toy  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eddyFrankfurt
<Content>best of bali This is a quiet place for lovers, overworked people, no nightclubbing, just relax and fill up your batteriesThat was exactly what we,needed. The service is outstanding, the staff is more than helpful, everybody greets you with a warm smile. The room is very comfortable, big bathroom with separat shower and big tub, lots of soft towells. Very good bed, one of the best hotelbeds ever. TV with over 40 chanels english, russian, (HBO, CNN BBC ...). The restaurants are very good in quality and service but prices much higher than outside. Its worth paying 40 $ (dont pay more) per night and room for a clubmembership which entitles you for breakfast, clublounge access with afternoon tee and snacks, evening cocktails ans snacks as well as free internet and 15% discounts for laundry, spa, and food. If you like to eat outside, try Nyomans Beergarden, Bumbum Bali or Coco Cafe. All offer free transportation. Me and my wife are looking forward to come back since we had a wonderful holiday.Eddy  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ArvinLee
<Content>Nice, but need some improvements Just came back from a 5 day trip to Bali with my friends. the hotel lobby is nice, the staffs are nice, some comments from the trip 1. no sign where to check in. and the staff kinda forgot to inform us.apparently you are supossed to wait at the coffee lounge, looking over the swimming pool and the Indian Ocean. which was an amazing few.2. check in took more than 30 minutes, even tho the hotel wasn't crowded at all.3. Bed and Pillows are very comfy. 4. The Amenities they provided are disappointing. feel like a generic stuffs that you buy by the gallons. i stayed in Conrad Singapore before, and they give amazing products.5. right in front of our room is a bungalow and the indian ocean, which is a very nice. totally loving it.6.Inconsistency. one day you get fruits in your room, another day you dont. one day you get newspaper one day you dont.7. The hotel has this At Your Service service, which should be helpful, but one night i was asking her to check on the closing time of a restaurant, and i waited for 10 minutes for her to get back to me, but she never did. So I called her back, and her answer was  I was with another customer and i forgot. 8. On the more positive note, when you are tanning, the pool bar attendants will give you a basket filled with cold mineral water, scented water spray and nice cold hand towels. which was very nice.9. breakfast. good food, but the menu never changes. after day 3, felt kinda bored. and they need to do something about the flies in the dining area.10. the spa treatment at the Hotel's Jiwa Spa is a must. great treatment.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Neilzonwheelz
<Content>Very Comfortable       King Duluxe Oceanfront Room  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kklynn
<Content>Faabulous hotel in every way!!! We loved the Conrad. The grounds are beautiful, well-kept and the pool is expansive. The rooms are lovely with awesome views and are very spacious. The breakfast is delicious and there is something for everyone. But there is something special about the Conrad. I think it is the people. From check-in to the staff in the restaurants, pool and groundskeepers. Everone seems to care and seems so happy to be there, and to have you staying with them. A staff member in the lobby bar remembered our names after one interaction. That beautiful Balinese smile is every where and so sincere. I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. Great value for such a special place.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nick_From_Manchester
<Content>Amongst the best       The church in the Conrad grounds  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SydneyToscar
<Content>Exquisite Bali Conrad A tranquil oasis with exquisite attention to detail in every aspect - rooms, gardens, pool, restaurants, gym, check-in, tour desk, concierge.Staff dressed in smart casual uniforms appropriate for the climate and location- nice to see them not dressed up in ridiculous local costumes as often happens at big hotels in Asia.While other reviewers have indicated that restaurant prices are expensive for Bali, they are reasonable when compared to prices for similar facilities in Australia.Sloping paths (rather than steps) through out the gardens  around the pool area make this an ideal choice of resort for people unable to negotiate stairs.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dmacdon1
<Content>Fitting end to a great honeymoon This is simply one of the most beautiful hotels I've ever stayed in. Beautiful room, immaculate and beautifully kept grounds, pools for days, and the Indian Ocean right there. Many amenites at the spa - steam, sauna, jacuzzi, pool - are all complimentary. The restaurants are lovely but all are ridiculously expensive by Bali standards. To work around that, we had the Club membership (breakfast included when booking) which allowed us a lovely, full breakfast each day. It feels pretty isolated - a walled oasis in an otherwise dumpy part of beautiful Bali - so do not make this your only stop in Bali. Get north to Ubud and the northern coast. It's also very western with much more security and western amenities (e.g. enclosed vs. open air bathrooms) than other Bali hotel.But for a few days at the beginning or end of your trip, it's flat out lovely.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mmteb1
<Content>Didn't want to leave!       Pool and beach  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>tint7003
<Content>Friendly staff - enjoyable stay We stayed from 14-20 September and had a very happy time. My most significant complaint was our arrival which was very poorly handled by the reception staff - we had originally made a reservation for 5 nights and subsequently added an additional night on the front in a separate reservation. I emailed the hotel to ask that they link the two reseravtions and they replied to confirm that they had done so and that we could stay in one room throughout the 6 nights covered by the two reservations. Upon arrival at 3pm in the afternoon we were told that we would need to change rooms after the first night and that only a twin was available and not a King as booked (per my Hhonors profile). After much delay they agreed we could stay in the same twin for all six nights but this got us off to a disappointing start and, as I've often found at Conrad Hotels, my Gold Hhonors status didn't seem to count for much at check in, although we were offered a daily complimentary breakfast which was very welcome.Breakfast was fine - good choice of foods, and best of all your order for eggs, bacon etc was taken at your table and prepared freshly before being delivered to your seat so no waiting in line for hours at an omlette station which I dislike enormously. The restaurant staff were charming as they were throughout the resort. Every staff member greeted us as they walked past and always tried to be helpful when we approached them and that will be my overriding memory of our stay.Most days we spent on the beach - we always found beds available which were comfortable. The hotel drinks service on the beach was almost non existent which was disappointing. All the earlier reviews have criticised the beach and it's true that it is far from Bali's best but the pools are so extensive and virtually empty that it presented little problem. The beach runs for miles and it's nice to walk along it, taking a look at the other hotels that neighbour the Conrad. These are mostly all inclusives which probably explains why there are few restaurants around the immediate vicinity of the Conrad but there's a much better choice a short cab ride away.Upon the recommendation of another reviewer we used the private laundry service directly opposite the hotel which was great value and we also took up the offer from the lady's husband of a car ride the following day. We paid 300k rupees for 5 hours and were taken to Ubud which was ok but not all it's cracked up to be.We used the local spa services rather than pay Conrad prices for our massages but we did visit the gym, jacuzzi, sauna and steam which were great.Restaurants in the hotel were quite pricey - we ate at the beachside restaurant a couple of times and enjoyed great coffee and ice cream in the lobby bar. Wireless internet in the lobby was free but slow - quicker if you paid for service in your room.The rooms were comfortable and attractively furnished and the bathrooms were great - only gripe was the toiletries which were unbranded and cheap.All in all a relaxing and pleasant stay.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	2	5	3	

<Author>gognomen
<Content>If your a seasoned travellor - it's just better than OK I will start writing this as saying it's a lovely hotel, it's low rise, the gardens are perfect and the staff are wonderful. The rooms (we had a suite) are excellent and the balconys are great.My gripes are for those with kids, there is nothing for them to do, the hotel has a very basic kids club, no playgroud and is not overly suited for families. The pool we found to be rather cold - that time of year and the parts of the pool that had sand - the sand had green slime in it. The breakfast buffet was slightly less than other hotels, but still covered all the basics and did help one not over eat. The quality of the food was excellent.As it happens with all resorts, the sun lounges and bales are all taken by horrible people that place their bag and then have breakfast leaving nothing for anybody else, the staff also weren't too forthcoming on removing items that had booked a place when the owners didn't even arrive after a number of hours. Forget about getting a place by the pool after 9am.If you book a suite you receive club benefits which is excellent, however to receive the benefits if you have children you are limited to a couple of restaurants in the resort. Fair enough I guess, but after having afternoon tea and drinks at the same place each night it gets a little mundane.Over all, it's a beautiful place, but I think they need to take some lessons from the Marriott in Phuket on how to cater for everybody.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LilyLee777
<Content>A memorable 15th honeymoon Bali has never been a spot in our holiday agenda. Since, that was our first time holidaying in Bali, it'll never be the last. We'll even sell Bali to our friends. To mark our 15th wedding anniversary, we want to celebrate not in a nearby country (Malaysia) but further out of Singapore. After months of sourcing in the internet, we decided to give Bali a try. Maybe, we are hesistated of Bali because of the bombing event that took place several years ago. Putting our fears aside, we decided on 3 nights stay at the beach resort and 2 nights stay at the padi field resort. Our choice of hotels is based solely on the reviews we read in Trip Advisor. To each its own, nothing is perfect. It boils down to how we accept and manage what is offered before us. We arrived in Bali on 20 July 2008 and were welcomed and greeted by the chauffeur from Conrad. He pushed our luggage trolley and led us to the hotel's MPV. Before he moved off, we were offered cold freshly scented face towel and bottled water. Throughout the drive, the driver introduced himself and gave us a briefing on bali and Conrad. Within 20 minutes, we arrived at the resort and we were once again, welcomed by the friendly concierge staff and porter. We were led to the lounge for our welcome drink and we do not have to bother of our luggage and check-in as the reservation staff came to us with whatever we need to fill in. My first impression of the resort is classy, tranquality and at ease and comfort. Next, we were escorted to our room and WOW, what a luxury. We were so blessed to reside in this room for 4 days. Everything in the room was pleasing to our eyes. Indeed, a five star rated hoteland management. Daily breakfast was appetizing and with lots of variety. The main pool was well maintained. The walk along the beach was breath-taking. The food was of reasonable hotel price and the service was efficient and friendly. Though it seems that we were the only Singaporeans there, we were treated equally with guests from Japan or the U S of A. The staff from the hotel's tour desk was helpful and if we have any queries on where we want to go shopping, sight seeing or makan, we could approach any of the concierge, porter and butler and they were most willing to go to the extra mile for us. This is what I call, class hotel. Ladies, Conrad is conveniently located near the shopping zone. Do bring an extra empty shopping luggage with you. We left Singapore with 2 luggage and we came home with 3 luggage. It's definitely worth the price to stay in Conrad.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Clar82
<Content>Beautiful Bali Visited the Conrad and Bali for a conference but enjoyed every minute of it. Staff service was impeccable - very friendly and helpful. (I called for laundry service and forgot to fill up the laundry form, called again when I remembered after a few hours, and they just brought up my laundry, already done!) The rooms are large and beautiful with a lot of floor space - dvd player, hair dryer, tub and shower. Internet is not free though. The structure is not vertical but rather, horizontal. with only 4 floors. So some rooms can be quite a long walk from the lobby or the central building (where the restaurants and breakfast are)Be sure to visit Jimbaran for a nice dinner ON the beach, entertained by some music and balinese dancing, and hear the waves crashing while you dine. or, if you're early watch the sun set. beautiful. Ubud is also a great place for tourists. You might want to check that out.Bali is quite charming and has so much culture. Weather was quite cool during the evenings because of winter wind from Australia.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NedoScreen
<Content>My objective reviews about Conrad We have just returned from Bali and stayed 7 nights in Conrad. My experinces are:- Very clean and no bad smell- Large room and especially large bathroom- Smiling and hospital employees- Free internet at Lobby :)- very large pool and open for 24 hoursWhat is missing or not good:- No beach at all but I think this is a general problem in nusa Dua- Breakfast are poor especialy for non-Asians like meWe booked the hotel at $180 for two adult and one kid thru asian Web Direct and everything worked just good. Price/performance is excellent for my expectations.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PeacefulSunKid
<Content>This place is fantastic       pool at the Conrad Bali  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Blumma
<Content>Best hotel in Bali We had excellent 6 night stay in Conrad on June2008. I work in the travel industry and I have stayed in several 4-5 star hotels in Bali and I can say hands down this one is the best. Nusa Dua beach is not maybe the best for swimming but if you have such amazing lagoon pools as Conrad does it doesnt matter. Conrad is only 3-4 years old so everything is in very good condition. Service is 5 star. Jiwa Spa is great as well. If you are looking for exclusive holiday in a 5 star resort with reasonable price this is your choice.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gccc116
<Content>Very nice stay!       Lobby/ocean view  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AAMiles
<Content>Excellent, modern hotel with little to see within walking distance This is a great, modern hotel. The service is friendly and fast. The rooms are impeccable. The grounds are immaculate. The restaurants are good and affordable. The atmosphere is peaceful but not lonely. And the pool amenities (palapas, cushioned chaises) are fantastic.The drawbacks are the beach is not terribly inviting, with a small roped off area for swimming because of the jetskis and motor boats buzzing by constantly. The hotel is located up from the main area of Nusa Dua, and there is not much within easy walking distance of the hotel, especially lower cost food options. There are ample cheap taxis to take you around, and certain restaurants will arrange shuttles/transportation.If you want to stay in Nusa, this is a great option, as long as you don't need to lie directly on the beach, or want to walk all over. You also might consider Jimbaran Bay, or if it's a party scene you want, try Kuta or Seminyak.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kimmiechong3151
<Content>gorgeous resort, relaxing trip       View from room of Conrad Bali pools  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>supahero
<Content>Whoah! Worth every penny! Stayed 10 nights in Conrad in sept 2007. Loved every second. Been to some other hotels in Bali and they just do not get even close to what Conrad is. Recommend to everyone.. Just amazing hotel  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mark8888
<Content>Very enjoyable but Well designed complex, great pool and lovely rooms. Staff helpful and friendly although concierge clueless (use a guidebook as more accurate). Only real negative is little in the area to walk to - Seminyak/Legian offers a lot more if you fancy a wander. Overall a lovely holiday (spent 8 days there) but you could be anywhere.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rendezvous_01
<Content>Great attention to details Stayed here for our honeymoon. Got upgraded to the pool access room. It has the best bed and pillows of all the hotels we stayed with (intercon, elysian, hard rock). Very very comfy with the luxurious 1000 thread count cover. And also the best room, great attention to detail, although the TV is getting outdated. The spa is also very nice.The beach is very average, nothing compared to the beach of jimbaran. The surrounding area is very quiet, with nothing much going on. Try Bumbu Desa down the road, it serve authentic balinese food. Another must try is the new Tratorria at Jimbaran. They serve amazing italian food, with great atmosphere at a budget price!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NeumannTaiwan
<Content>Hated the filthy beach This resort hotel is above anything ( even the very recommendable Grand Hyatt resort ) in terms of service, abundance and friendliness of the staff, very generous room layout and size, the pools, the restaurants, the SPA facilities.It is, however, horrible when you come for ocean swimming. the beach is filthy, unkempt , and the area warded off for swimming is very small, and it can only be used one or two hours at high tide, as the water is receding quickly afterwards and to an extent that is nearly out of sight. At high tide, there is a lot of noise and bad smell disturbance because the center for water sports ( water motor scooters, Paragliding etc. is near, and these speedboats pass through the swimming area.I am a member of SKAL International, so I got special attention to my complaints, and the French deputy General Manager, a Monsieur Leferbe said politely, but firmly:  We know about this deficiency very well and have not done anything about it when this resort was built, but we took care of good hotel pools, so we expect that guests are satisfied with them and just take the beach as it is !To me, this was not a sufficient answer. The practical impossiblity to enjoy an ocean beach should not be tolerated and this excuse is unacceptable.Dieter Neumannmember of SKAL INTERNATIONALTourism Organization,Taipei, Taiwan  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juliarblank
<Content>Excellent hotel, best $200 spent on a hotel       Beach  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>castaway2006
<Content>Qulaity hotel Don't listen to the naysayers, this hotel is top quality. I'm not sure what prevents it from being a 5* to be honest, as I have stayed in hotels that claim to be 4* and come nowhere near this hotel.It might be expensive for Bali, but I had the nicest stay here and consider it one of the best hotels I have stayed in. We had a lagoon room, where you can step straight off your balcony in to the humongous pool. These are definitely worth the extra 拢5-10 per night.The grounds were immaculate, very well designed with nice natural materials... slate, granite, limestone, waterfalls etc. The lighting around the complex at night was lovely. The food was delicious, but the drinks were a little expensive - not a major criticism but 拢2 for a glass of coke is a little dear in Asia.The beach is not the best on the island, but it is fine - yellow sand.The staff are delightful, extremely polite and helpful at all times. We noticed the difference when we stayed in Thailand the following week. The standards at this hotel are high.The rooms are very nice, with a huge glass wall dividing the bathroom from the bedroom (with a blind to conceal). Lovely big bath, separate shower and big sink area.Whenever we had a problem the staff were more than happy to help. Finding out whether we needed visas before entering Cambodia, finding us a nice restaurant to eat at in another town, getting cabs to and from wherever we wanted to. Excellent. Not sure why it has received bad or negative reviews from others, it simply could not have improved on anything for me. Unless it was free!  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelersK&W
<Content>Great Hotel We just completed a six (6) day stay at this great hotel. There is nothing but great service, staff, facilities and food here. The beach is not great. As a matter of fact during low tide we saw many sea urchins that were enough to keep us out of the water. But the hotel has terrific pools that more than make up for the not so great beach. The cabanas on the beach are wonderful and relaxing. I can only highly recommend this property in every respect. There is a spa on site that is priced as you would expect in any resort. But if you are a little adventurous there are places directly across the street that offer 60 minutes massages and reflexology for 60,000 rupias.. (about $6.00 US).  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rossmanNewYork
<Content>unimpressed My wife booked this hotel. We were very Let down, by the overall stay. As a previous quest had written, there wasn't anything really special about our stay here. For the price, (almost twice as much at the Hyatt, Sanur), it was a total let down. The local service staff were great, but the westerners that worked here seemed rude in their manners. Every inquiry/request that we had, would always be sent to the local staff member. It was as if they couldn't be bothered dealing with the masses. I totally wasn't impressed with this hotel. My wife liked the local shopping areas.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	2	1	

<Author>elaineDevon
<Content>Truly outstanding The best hotel ever!Attentive and happy staff. Incredibly clean and lots of special little touches - particularly liked the woven boxes which were brought to your sunbeds with cold towels, water, glasses (real) and water, refreshing spray.Excellent  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LiQ-American
<Content>Wasn't impressed This had been my 9th time vacationing in Bali with my wife in the past 3 years. It was our first time staying at the Conrad however.  Overall, there really wasn't much difference at the Conrad, than the other 4/5 star hotels in the Nusa Dua area. Also, when I complained to a western staff manager, (Not Balinese), about the strong smell of mildew in our room, her response was This Is Bali. Nothing was changed. I've stayed at the Intercontinental, Grand Hyatt and the Nikkos on several previous trips, without the attitude from their western management staff.  Yes, the beach is nice,, pool,, restaurants,, all very nice at the hotel. But nothing really impressive. The room we were in was sub-standard. The buffet breakfast was lacking. It was just a common hotel in Bali, With Attitude. Won't be back at the Conrad.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>stonecroft
<Content>5 Star Beach Resort       View from lobby  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>traveltim
<Content>Fantastic hotel and facilities       By the beach  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>LoveToTravel-7
<Content>Great Resort I've been to bali many times before i stayed at conrad. Both of my stays in Conrad are with my extensive family members. This resort is very friendly to family with young children. It has magnificent huge pool, nice 'bale bale' means gazebo overlooking to the ocean. They have some programs to occupy the kids. The room are reasonably clean and spacious. I love the stuff monkey as a souvenir given for free. The breakfast has extensive choice. The spa has nice room and ambience, however the massage itself just average. The downside of the hotel, the private beach is not as nice as some other hotels. Its more rocky and lots of algae lying around. It is dangerous for the kids to run around unsupervised.The staffs are attentive and polite.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ben2008
<Content>Enjoy this place with my family       beach  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chp37
<Content>Super Comfortable with great service We felt very comfortable at the Conrad. The pool complex is fantastic. The room and bathroom was very large with a nice balcony. We had access to the club room and it had a great breakfast selection and nice snack and cocktail time, with delicious tropical cocktails. I don't know about the high season, but we had little trouble getting the comfy beach bales to relax on under a thatched roof, since the sun is unrelenting. Every local you meet is smiling from someone you pass on the street to the hotel workers. You will need some swim shoes for the beach, since it has a lot of shells, which are hard on feet and a quick drop off. This is the kind of place that makes it very hard to leave, since you relax as soon as you walk in the door. They had a sand bottom pools, but they were very shallow, so better for little kids and not as cool as the regular part of the pool. We saw a Balinese wedding at their Bali water garden, which was interesting and a regular wedding at their wedding chapel. The concierge staff was very helpful. Everyone was very kind and helpful and would often greet me by name.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chirgs
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed 3 nights at the Conrad and thoughly enjoyed our stay. The deluxe rooms were spacious, clean and had everything you required. The grounds are extensive, there are 2 main pools, a large 33metre pool and an impressive lagoon pool! There are numerous restaurants and a poolside bar, with yummy cocktails!This resort is quite large (over 300 rooms), so at peak time might get a bit crowded, but was nice and quiet in Feb. The resort is approx 30 mins from Kuta if you are after shopping and nightlife. Overall a great resort for your stay in Bali!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gert0802
<Content>Conrad was Beautiful!       Another pool  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Per_FNorway
<Content>Return guest Stayed there a year ago, going back. Great experience  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TheTraveller65
<Content>Nice for Nusa Dua My wife and I stayed 5 days. Great hotel amazing view, beautiful grounds and fantasic pools. Staff is relaxed and friendly. Not as attentive as other hotels in Bali. The one thing my wife and I disliked about this hotel is the food  beverage prices are outrageously expensive and over priced compared to other 5 star hotels and the top restaurants on the island! Prices were comparably to comparably to London or NY. We travelled 30 minutes every night to Jimbaran or Semiyak to eat! The taxi and our dinner was still much cheaper than eating in the hotel. However the Spice Restaurant in the hotel was truely great. We had a lovely girl serving us and the food was great but very expensive. The hotel also charges you for the interent in the business centre which I think for a 5 star hotel is unbelieveable. What makes it worse is that you must purchase a pre-paid card for the internet but the internet is so slowwwwwwww that you waste half of your paid time waiting for the computer. Slow connection. Beaware during high tide the jet skiis and the speed boats pulling tourist in all kinds of rubber things go back and forth in front of the hotel making noise. They only stop during low tide. Beach is gold sand!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Meheen
<Content>Very good hotel I stayed in the Conrad for 5 nights over New Years 2007/8 and had a very good experience. Good points include - a lovely lobby overlooking the pool and beach, good sized, well decorated and clean rooms with loads of storage space, great service, excellent spa, wonderful huge pool area, generally great setting. Bad points included - small and average beach side, food average (poolside and room service), 10 minute walk to room, far from all the nice restaurants and bars.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>oz1
<Content>Great but smelly toilets in rooms! We stayed at the Conrad and could not fault it OTHER than the toilets smelled of urine! We had an adjoining room as we have kids and both the toilets were very smelly. The cleaners came to clean it several times but to no avail. Some friends joined us on our trip and they had exactly the same problem. What we concurred was that it was the design of their toilets with lots of crevices and areas for urine to get trapped and make the toilet smell as the cleaners were definitely trying to clean them well. My husband and I dreaded going to the toilet as it smelled like a public toilet! If the management wants to change anything, this should be it. I am pretty sure they are aware of the design fault in their toilets as they sent cleaners up to us to clean the toilets without question, as though they knew exactly what we were talking about but there was nothing that seemed to change it!It seemed so in contrast to every other aspect of the hotel which was, without a doubt, 5 star.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	2	4	4	4	

<Author>ElizabethDurban
<Content>A most divine experience... Our initial hotel in Bali was such a shocker that my husband decided to give us a Christmas treat by booking us into the Conrad, Bali for four days (unfortunately, they were fully booked thereafter). Check-in was magnificent and stress-free and was done while seated in the lounge sipping drinks. The room was beautiful with a gorgeous balconey and bathroom area. The pool, the food and the spa were to-die-for. Everything was luxurious and it was with immense regret that we eventually checked out. Oh, and one last thing, the staff were wonderful and did everything to ensure that a truly wonderful time was had by all. We have become true Conrad converts and have just booked our next holiday at another Conrad destination.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>C-RonSanFrancisco
<Content>Spectacular resort; great service; fantastic deal The Conrad is a truly wonderful resort and every facet of it is impecably well done, from the service (there seem to be at least 3 staff members per guest, and many of them remember your name), to the rooms (down comforters, gorgeous dark wood furniture, marble floors), to the grounds (elegant, beautifully landscaped, incredibly warm/romantic lighting), to all the wonderful classes and amenities they offer on the property. It's incredibly peaceful there, and their Spice restaurant served us the best meal we had during our whole two week trip in Bali. If you like massage, get a $5 massage (administered by 2-3 people) by the beach vendors under a gazebo, and then try out the Conrad's ultra posh spa and get the flower petal bath soak after your massage - both the beach massage by locals and the spa experience are great to experience. The staff are so genuinely friendly and kind - spend some time talking with them during dinner/drinks or while taking a class and you'll see how infectious their happiness is. I got an insane price on our room through Bali Hot Deals, otherwise known as RD Tours - they can also do all your transport while you're there. Very friendly, really smart, and they speak great English. I can't recommend them highly enough.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>gtahir
<Content>It's alright for its price and location I've stayed at the Conrad for 4 times now. The service is in line with other resorts in Bali. Cleanliness, comfort are also in line with other resorts in Bali. The one thing that makes me keep coming back to this hotel is the very good bargain, the age of the hotel and the location of the hotel. Located in the Benoa, where there are plenty of water sports activities you can do, and it is in close proximity with Nusa Dua, Kuta and Seminyak. I really did not like the breakfast. The menu was limited and the quality wasn't that amazing.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>barve
<Content>Great resort experience I had the option of staying at Conrad amongst other hotels with my Cathay Holidays package and I had looked up earlier reviews on tripadvisor. com before making my choice. Conrad was rated no. 1 amongst hotels in Bali and I wasn't disappointed one single bit. The resort is located in Tanjung Benoa, just a little ahead of Nusa Dua in Bali and it takes around 25-30 mins to get there from the airport in Denpasar. The staff are really really nice - very friendly, courteous and always smiling. Our room, which was located on Level 1 and had a view of the garden, was quite spacious, as was the bathroom with a big tub and a separate shower area. The room opened out into the garden - but the only issue was that it couldn't be locked from the outside. So to get to the pool, we had to use the main door. Not too much of a bother, but it would have been nice to step into the garden and into the pool!The pool is where Conrad really scores above other resorts for me. The main pool is HUGE - so you can actually indulge in real swimming. Plus they have a lagoon that runs around the front of the hotel - so you can actually swim around the resort. Another great feature of the resort is the beach bales which are designated for massages - but you can even lie down and read a book or something if they are not occupied. Around the pool, the resort gives complimentary water and a very relaxing water spray, which in the Bali heat is much needed! I've never seen this at any other resort I've stayed at.The resort has beach access, and the beach although nice, is not very big. But good to lounge around on and indulge in water sports. Apart from the breakfast, I didn't really eat any meals at the resort. The breakfast was great - wide choice of both western and asian breakfasts and the setting at the Suku restaurant is also wonderful. I did try out the Jiwa spa, which is highly rated apparently. The spa area is beautiful - very well done up and very peaceful. I thought the prices for the massage were a bit high, so I went in for a body scrub and bath. The scrub was a balinese speciality called mandi lulur and was very relaxing. The bath, supposedly a chocolate milk bath, was a bit of a disappointment. Although the resort is a little far from attractions like Ubud (1 hour drive) or Kuta (20 mins drive), its quite easy to get a cab. There is one fabulous restaurant located just 5 mins away called Bumbu Bali, which is often the reason a lot of people visit this area of Bali. All in all, I was very satisfied with my stay here and will definitely recommend it highly.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Laminkins
<Content>Excellent value for money Earlier this year, before heading to the Aman near the Moyo Islands, my husband and I stayed at the Conrad in Bali for a couple of days as a stopover.To my pleasant surprise, the place was great. There was a minor problem during check-in, when they lost our reservations for the spa - but that was quickly remedied. We booked a Garden View room because we were there only for a couple of days and it was super cheap. Around USD 100 ish a night, which is freakishly cheap considering the other hotels are on average 300 per night.As a result, I had very low expectations and was pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious, and although it only had a view of the swimming pool, it was pleasant enough. Food was very good at the hotel, especially the breakfast that we had. I highly recommend this hotel purely because its a complete bargain. For the food, room and service, you cant do much better in Bali.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Local-taste
<Content>Amazing!!       My dinner at SUKU..loves it!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sen813
<Content>Horrendous Service We were on a four-night trip in Bali and we stayed for 2 nights at Conrad Bali. Only thing that we can say from our stay is that the service from Conrad is way below par to any 5 star resort or hotel in Bali. We have booked the hotel 3 months before our arrival and the hotel has asked for our flight details 1 month in advance in the pretense that they want to ensure that our rooms will be ready when we arrived. We arrived at 2.00 p.m (our check-in time) however we only managed to get into all our rooms at 5.00 p.m. When we requested for a late check-out due to the late check-in time, hotel staffs were not helpful, and didn't even bother to response or follow-up. Only when we have raised the issue to the resident manager, then they try accommodate that request albeit reluctantly. We ordered noodles from the children's menu for the kids and waited for more than one and half hour before it is delivered. And that is after constant calling to room service to check on the status, the reply that we got every time we called room service was that the food is on the way. (We wondered where do they actually get the food from that it requires more than an hour to be delivered). When the food finally arrived, to our horror, the noodle soup is mixed with chili. When we complained that they have put chili into a kid's food, the reply that we got was that there was none. But upon tasting the food, it was definitely too spicy for the kids. We asked the staff to actually taste the food before they finally acknowledged that the noodle contained chili. So we have to order again. BTW, the hotel didn't even took the initiative to refund the noodle soup. Upon checking out, we were shocked to find that there were extra charges (Service Tips was the description) on our bill. The staffs said that we have eaten in the Suku coffee shop and that we have requested the tips to be billed to our room. (Make one wonders, how could it be possible that we paid the food in cash and the tips to be billed to the room). Anyway, we asked the hotel to produce the signed receipt, since they insisted that there was such a bill consisting of tips only. After searching for half an hour, they couldn't find it and reluctantly removed it from our bills. The impressions that we got from our stay in Conrad was that to pay the kind of money for the horrendous service that comes with it was definitely not worth it. The services that the hotel provides still has got a long way to catch up with the great, nice and clean rooms that the hotel provides.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>TravelGal415
<Content>Perfect Vacation My husband and I recently returned from spending a relaxing week at the Conrad. The hotel location was so-so (somewhat removed from the restaurants/nightlife/hot spots in Bali). However, my husband and I liked being away from the hustle-and-bustle of Jimbaran Bay and Kuta. The resort has everything you could want- a luxurious spa (that is very cheap by American standards), 4 restaurants that serve a variety of food (we liked 8 degrees best), an enormous pool with very comfortable pool chairs and excellent pool service, large well-appointed rooms and very friendly/accomodating staff.The only disappointing thing about the hotel was the club lounge. It was on the bottom floor with no views and was not very welcoming. Also, if you are looking to be in the mix of the beach scene and nightlife, I wouldn't recommend staying at the Conrad as it is about 20-30 minutes away from the busy towns.The candid travelers photos posted on this site perfectly depict the resort.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lindsay56
<Content>Fantastic stay I brought a tradesman friend to this hotel as a bonus for a exceptional job he did for me on a project.We had booked garden view rooms and as we stayed 11 nites we were upgraded to ocean view rooms.The rooms were great although I had a nonsmoking room and on a couple of 2.30 am mornings I was awoken to a very strong cigarette smell in my room probably from the room below.Occasionally one would hear the balcony furniture above you being dragged across the floor.The breakfast buffet at the main Restaurant is exceptional, omlettes,a roast meat every morning, the asian rice porridge with condiments,plenty of pastries,capachinos,mochachinos and as many as you want.The swimming pools are 24 hour there is plenty of shade,plenty of towels cold water ,face towels,Giant chess,table tennis by the pool and at nite there is a flautist and some modern Balinese dancing which you can watch whilst floating around in the pool. The beach front restaurant called 8 degrees south is great for lunch and dinner,very good seafood and pizzas not as cheap as the street but to a much higher standard.I have a American friend that has lived in Bali for 17 years and speaks fluent Bahasa,she claims that the spirits sold in the streetside bars and cafes are fake,which when you consider it every thing else is why not? Be warned about the money changers in the street outside the conrad they will give you a good rate but they will try and Rip you off .my travel companion changed $300 and when we returned to the hotel he rechecked it and it was Rp 200,000 down.He got very angry went back and told them he was going to get the police they backed down and handed it over.The hotel may have a worse rate but the old investment adage is consider not what you can make but what you can lose.The Gym is also 24 hour and has enough machines to keep you in good shape till you get home , there is a large boxing/yoga/stretching room attached.The hotel has two yoga sessions at 7am and 8.30am that they charge about Rp50,000 for and are conducted out in the garden.I had a massage at the Spa for rp 800,000 [80 mins] that was very good,she was actually kneeling on the table digging her elbows in.However about 1.5 kilometres down the road [towards Benoa Harbour] is a very good quality spa called the Thallaso spa which is attached to the Grand Mirage Hotel and they have a very large aquamedic pool with very high powered water jets that they put you thru under supervision,and they do good massages,seaweed wraps,salt scrubs,facials etc and it is cheaper.I go to bali a lot and I go to the Thalasso spa a lot.If you are a big consumer of soft drinks and or local beer you can ask the staff to empty your minibar and walk down the road to the minimart and buy all the drinks you want and take them back and fill up your fridge,however the fridge does seem to struggle to keep things really cold.As you have probably picked up from other reviewers there is a lot of jet ski ,power boat traffic on the beach side of the hotel and the petrol fumes can be noticeable on a bad day but the good points of this hotel far outweigh any little agravating points I have mentioned.There are a lot of Japanese tourists at this hotel about 60% but they are very easy to be around.There is a ATM machine at the Westin Hotel which you can walk to via the beach front footpath 1.5km or a taxi can take you there for about rp30,000.[Cheaper back].You will notice in your desk draw a jogging map that tells you the distances and names of the main hotels in the Nusa/Benoa area.My Favourite restaurant in Kuta is called poppies It is in Poppies Lane1 and you need to be dropped off in Legian street not at the beach front.Ask the conceirge for a map it is a high walled garden restaurant and I recommend the butterfish or the Mahi Mahi.Be careful travelling Nusa Dua to kuta /Legian between 3 and 5 pm it can take 1.5 hours in peak hour .Well overall I highly recommend the Conrad and I have stayed at four seasons,Jimbaran/Sayan,Interconti,Sheraton Laguna ,Grand Mirage, Grand Hyatt,Padma, Nusa Dua beach Hotel and quiet a few cheaper places but I am sure most will be pleased with the Conrad  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>atraveller93
<Content>Wonderful hotel My boyfriend and I booked the Conrad, after seeing other reviews on TripAdvisor, as a last-minute getaway for my birthday. We were, admittedly, slightly irritated by check-in procedures (the member of staff tried to sell us a suite at double the price of the room we had booked, followed by a sales pitch for their club facilities, before finally admitting that our room wasn't ready, even though we had arrived after their advertised check in time), but that was quickly forgotten.Our room was great - not a very nice view, but we had no intention of sitting in the room looking out the window, so it didn't matter. The bed was exceptionally comfortable, and the pillows were fantastic - so good that I wanted to buy some of them. There was also a decent sized balcony, which was nicely shaded. The hotel gym is very well equipped - plenty of machines, and the trainers are willing to help you but don't get in your way. They do, however, bring you lovely, scented, cold towels regularly throughout your workout! Bliss.The main pool is lovely - a perfect temperature, and of an even depth, which suited me perfectly as I don't like to be out of my depth in water. Again, you get a cold towel at the poolside in the morning, along with a complimetary water spray. There are plenty of activities every day, such as yoga, aqua aerobics, stretching classes and so on, but these are conducted away from the main pool, so you're not disturbed if you don't want to participate.The staff are terrific - the doormen are particularly nice, and are genuinely welcoming. The hotel also gave us a really nice surprise by delivering a birthday cake and rose to our room on the day of my birthday, which was a lovely touch, and a good indication of the attention to detail that is shown throughout the hotel.The food in the hotel was nice, and not expensive by UK hotel prices, but as someone else has pointed out, there are far cheaper (and probably more authentic) places further along the road. We did notice a comment by another guest saying that the road was not very good to walk along, but there is also a jogging track along the beach which you can use, and then cut through one of the side roads (or sneak through another resort!) - we did do this a couple of times at night, which may not have been wise, but there's certainly no problem doing this during the day.I'd definitely consider staying here again if we ever returned to Bali  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>le_nomade
<Content>Everything's perfect but the beach       Photo of Bathroom at Conrad - there is a separate shower to the left also  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PuraVida32
<Content>A-M-A-Z-I-N-G My wife and I stayed at the Conrad for nine days while enjoying our honeymoon. The staff was so attentive, and as many other reviewers have noted, the grounds were amazing. Our oceanview room was very spacious, and exceptionally clean. The pool was set at an ideal temperature, and the umbrellas and beach chairs, which were always available, made for an extremely relaxing experience. The security provided made us feel very safe, and the hotel staff was very knowledgeable about places to visit. The food was outstanding, and reasonably priced compared to western standards. However, you can find great food throughout Bali for MUCH lower prices. Our favorite area to dine in was Seminyak; many good restaurants there, as well as good shopping, and massages. If you want a great tour guide, who speaks English very well, ask for Taxi # 109, Buda Dana, to be contacted.The only gripe that we had during our stay was that our oceanview room was not represented accurately. We didn't really have a view of the ocean, and should have been upgraded to an oceanfront room, free of extra charge, after inquiring about the misrepresentation. With that said, the Conrad was amazing, which provided for a very memorable honeymoon!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>blimm
<Content>More than a 5 star!       Friendly Balinese smiles !!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jane89
<Content>Out of this world!       Infinity pool  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EternalTraveller
<Content>Loved the Conrad! I may be biased because we were upgraded to a suite when we arrived, but I really fell in love with this hotel. The suite was enormous and had a spectacular view of the ocean, and a private plunge pool on one of the 3 terraces. The hotel grounds were beautiful and the staff were friendly and talkative, without being intrusive. There were so many small touches that made this place special - the cool spray they provide at the sun loungers, the fact that the pool is open 24 hours, which meant we could go for a late night dip after dinner under the stars. There was a turtle conservation programme, and the hotel staff left notes in every room inviting guests to see the baby turtles off before they were released back to sea.The ocean is right in front of the grounds, and so you can fall asleep to the sound of the waves. There is a public pathway that runs up and down the beach, which enables you to stroll along from one end to the other, and also to see the other hotels in the area. I thought this gave the area a really nice atmosphere, much better than staying in a secluded gated resort. (At the same time I found the security at the hotel and in Bali to be very impressive compared to other places we've been - or even to London!)The crowd was a mix of romantic couples and some families, but very subdued. I won't necessarily recommend it for young singletons who are looking for a party, or anyone looking for more of a bohemian vibe. But in terms of a mainstream hotels, this is probably the best I have ever stayed in anywhere in the world.My only - very minor - complaints were that I found the bed a bit too soft, and the grounds are quite big, so if you have to get to the other end of the hotel it is a long walk, also the watersports were loud in the mornings - very small issues considering how beautiful the Conrad is.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AberdeenMS
<Content>Excellent resort Stayed for ten days and could not fault hotel - stunning location with excellent facilities and very high quality rooms. Level of service was exceptional, staff in their droves ready, willing and v polite at all times. Amazing spa. Only slight downside was cost of food and drink relative to local alternatives (although not exorbitant by any means for such a standard of hotel) and ocean view room not worth paying extra for as no ocean view (we were moved to an ocean front room, which was much better). Overall, an excellent stay  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Haggers_Syd
<Content>Could this be the biggest hotel in the world... No denying that this resort is amazing both in size and service. Our first day there, we got lost trying to find our room as the Conrad is vast! Whilst you don't get a intimate service/feel found in smaller hotels, you really can't fault this place (well apart from their carbon footprint) but it is super clean, relaxing and has amazing service. The pools are great (just not very deep), the food is on the expensive side but to be honest you just don't really care, when you stay here. The Conrad intends to make a mark and believe me it does all that!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bumbu
<Content>Leader of its range We usually dont write these reviews, but since our holidays have been ever more reliant on tripadvisor we have felt the need to contribute! The Conrad is a superb hotel - facilities are excellent, rooms are spacious and the staff is great. The food is particularly good - even for western standards ( perhaps a bit pricey for Bali)Please note that this hotel is NOT in Nusa Dua - but in Benoa. The difference is very little ( 1km) but this hotel is not within the protected gated area of Nusa Dua resorts ( this may be a positive or negative thing depending on your tastes)I will not say that this hotel is the ultimate experience for Bali offers some resorts such as the Bulgari, 4 Seasons, Ritz Carlton etc which are in a different league. However, for this price range and the location, the Conrad is abosultely outstanding in every way. The attention to detail is second to none and I would highly reccomend it for this price range. Also I am a bit of a food nut, so you must try these restaurants if you enjoy eating:Ku De Ta La LucciolaBumbu BaliHave a great trip  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JMPARDAL
<Content>Excellent Hotel and the best service Stayed 5 days at Conrad Bali because a company event. People at the hotel are extremely kind and friendly, always with a smile in their faces. Rooms are big, very nice decorated and plenty of local details. Hotel area is big, gardens are in perfect condition, pools are connected and go through different areas so you can even swim from one hotel side to the other. Food is excellent, specially buffet breakfast offering both local and occidental options. SPA deserves a special comment, it is advertised as one of the best in Bali but I can not imagine something better can exist. The relaxing atmosphere inside the spa cautivates you from the moment you just get into the Spa's front desk. I just got massages which were out of this world but there are also many other treatments that I will try next time I have the fortune to come back. The only hotel problem is the beach which is not good for swiming. In fact only people taking rides in bananas, parachutes, etc. were on the beach.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>expat-traveler06
<Content>Highly recommend this hotel! This hotel exceeded our expectations and after staying in hotels in Thailand and Malaysia this is the one we would visit a second time without thought! From the moment we arrived we did not have one complaint! We were greeted at the airport with fresh towles and cold bottles of water then on to the hotel for a fresh complimentary drink. The staff was attentive and extremely friendly! The day before we arrived in Bali I realized that I never arranged an airport pick up. When calling I had trouble getting our phone system to work so I decided to send an email. The manager received the email and replied after he quickly had our transportation all worked out. He then sought us out one evening just to introduce himself and make sure we were satisfied. The room and bathroom was quite spacious and clean with a great view. Beach area was clean and had great beds to relax in with complimentary water. If you are not an ocean fan one of the pools has a sandy beach area as well. Wireless Internet in the lobby is free to all guests. The location is great as it is very close to an area with western resturants and stores (Bali Collection....has a great italian resturant and a starbucks) and the hotel offers a free shuttle (a short ride) to this area throughout the day. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lupo_mm
<Content>Deserves every one of its 5 stars. We stayed two weeks at the Conrad Bali this summer and although our expectations were high (as other reviewers have stated, it is not cheap by Bali standards), we came away 100 per cent satisfied. The hotel is beautifully designed in contemporary Asian style with lots of interior gardens. Our room, a deluxe oceanview, was spacious (not huge) and very tastefully decorated. The balcony was large. The pool area is large and absolutely beautiful.You can spend days there just reading and relaxing. The beach in front of the hotel is not worth mentioning, however. If a beautiful beach and swimming in the sea is important to you, this is not your hotel. There is a decent fitness room with modern equipment and great service (cold wet scented towels brought to you during your exercise, etc.). The hotel also has a very nice spa, with its own pool, steam room, jacuzzi, etc. Treatments there obviously cost extra and - again - prices are rather steep by local standards. Food is excellent. There are a three restaurants (one, Spice, with ambitious and refined fusion cuisine), all which are excellent. The breakfast is absolutely five star. What really impressed us the most though was the consistent high standard of service. The staff were always attentive, helpful, and respectful. In the entire two weeks we stayed there there was not a single time when we were unhappy with the quality of service or any other aspect of the quality of the hotel. That is rare and denotes real Five Star standard. A couple of words on Nusa Dua itself. There isn't much going on there and you will want to go elsewhere frequently for dinner, entertainment, etc. This was never a problem for us. Taxi rides are cheap and pleasant. In all, if you are willing to pay for quality, I'd recommend this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JakeRM1
<Content>The Conrad is one of the best hotels... period! My wife and I just completed a five night stay at the Bali Conrad Resort. From the minute you check in, the hotel provides a wonderful experience.I have so many great things to say about the hotel so I will get the two cons out of the way (and I really had to scrape to come up with them)1. The sound dampening in the room isn't that great. You can hear the room above you put the toilet seat down or get in the shower.2. The rooms were equipped with analog clocks that present two problems. One, if you wake up when it's dark you can not see what time it is. Two, the tick tock from these little things got so annoying I eventually took the battery out.So now the pros:1. The grounds are beautiful and immaculate. I woke up early one morning and when I looked out the window I saw the staff literally sweeping the grass.2. The rooms are large and comfortable. The bed is great and the bathroom with the huge bathtub was wonderful. When we checked in there was a basket full of roses and orchids on our bed for us to take a bath in.3. The pool and beach are great. When you lie out, the staff bring you in a little basket cold towels, a water spritzer and two bottle of cold water. The pool is the perfect temperature for a dip after a day of sun bathing. 4. All of the hotel resteraunts are very good. Although they are overpriced for Bali standards (30,000 RP for a soda which is over $3) they are less than what you would expect at a similar resteraunt in the states.5. By far the best pro this hotel has to offer is the staff. They were the most attentive and friendly staff I have ever met at any hotel anywhere in the world! They always have a huge smile on their faces and will bend over backward to make your trip everything you expected.If you are planning on staying in Nusa Dua, this is the hotel to stay at. If you're ever unsure what you are getting, take a walk down the beach and look at the other properties. It will make you feel a lot better about your selection.One note on the area. Nusa Dua is not near much as far as cultural Bali goes. If you really want to get out and explore the real Bali, you're better off staying in Ubud. If you do make Nusa Dua your home base, make sure you get dinner one night at Bumbu Bali.Also, I would strongly suggest joining the hotels club. As a HHonors Diamon member, we were given free access to it. However, even if you have to pay for it (USD 25 a day maybe?) it is well worth it. You get free breakfast every morning, afternoon tea and early evening drinks/canapes. You also get 15% off all of the resteraunts as well as the business center and laundry. As soemone who has travelled primarily in the USA, I was skeptical the club would be any more than cookies and soda. However it is far more than that and well worth it!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>online2k
<Content>Very Romantic One of the beautiful beach hotels in the world....... I strongly recommend lagoon access room # 1114 :)The staff was very professional...Thanks Conrad for this property.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>LaBaleine
<Content>Conrad was perfect! There is no way I could say enough positive things about the Conrad Bali! It is not pretending to be a 5 star property as so many do. It is truly the most relaxing, comfortable, friendly resort we have ever experienced. We highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DePrenda
<Content>My 3 Year Old Loved the Gradual Entry Pool! My son loved the gradual entry sandy beach pool. It was quite nice and I have since learned is quite rare in Bali hotels. The pool with sandy bottom and sandy beach was so perfect for my 3 year old, that I would have to go to back to this hotel when I return to Bali. They had these wonderful garden level rooms which open up to a grassy green lawn that takes you under palm trees to the pool nearby. The pool is understanement, it went on and on forever. It was one huge interconnected pool. They had these great beach BALEs right next to the pool kind of between the pool and ocean beach. I could sit there and take in the breeze off the ocean while not feeling hot at all in the shade. The hotel of course had impeccable service as do most Bali hotels. We upgraded to a super spa suite on the top floor with a mini plunge pool on the balconey! Actually there were three balconeys and it had two huge rooms. Quite extravagant, but cheap cheap cheap by international standards. I think they charged me the price of two rooms and Bali hotels are a great bargain. Great location for the hotel nearby the Gallery Collections mall where there was even surprisingly a Starbucks! Anyway, my only gripe was the retaurants at the hotel. They weren't bad, just not that great for the money. B reakfast was fine though, and I reccomend to take the Club Room offer at checkin. It alone pays for the breakfast. By the way, my son slept comfortably on the sofa nook and my 5 month old slept in the huge walkin closet in a crib provided by the hotel. So I really didn't need to upgrade to the suite for the last two nights.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>sf-drkeith
<Content>Best Hotel in the World My wife and I went to the Conrad for the first week of our honeymoon in Bali. When you come in, they sit you down with a drink, overlooking the ocean, while you check in. It's sooo relaxing and beautiful. We pretty much spent the whole week on the little thatched room beds by the beach, reading, sipping tropical drinks, and eating fresh fruit brought around by hotel staff. There are great restaurants in the hotel and although there's no much else to do in the area, you can take a cab over to the other side of the penninsula for all the attractions. I just had a friend and his partner come back from their honeymoon there and they said it is still amazingly good. Enjoy.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stephanmonica
<Content>Good room, below avergare service Stayed there for a friends wedding. The room is spacious, clean, and very nice. Even though i didnt get to plunge in to the pool, it looks very inviting. The hotel is very large, so watch where you're going or you might loose yourself. However, service is very slow.. we have to wait for 30 minutes to check ourselves out from the room.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ManxQueenies
<Content>Excellent Conrad - watch the extras!       Delightful gardens  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pollydoodle
<Content>fantastic We stayed in a garden room for 6 nights in June. Big room, quiet, large comfortable bed and a lovely fully tiled big bathroom. 5 star.We joined the conrad club as an extra while there which cost $30 US plus taxes. For this you got breakfast, all day juices/smoothies and coffe/tea and biscuits and between 3.30-5.30 afternoon tea which consisted of sandwiches cakes etc and from 3.30-5.30 was cocktail hr with any drinks you liked not just cocktails and lots of canapes. Well worth the money and no children allowed. Good children program for 3-12 yr olds away from the main pool and nannies available for younger children which you employ on a daily basis. Well worth doing.Resturants in hotel good but expensive. Can recommend the tasting plate in Spice and the pizzas in eight degrees south. Very nice staff. Great service. We will return.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TonyKIreland
<Content>Beautifull!!!!       Front  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bankhead
<Content>Fantastic at The Conrad Just returned from another excellent holiday in Bali. This time we chose to book a 2 centre between Nusa Dua and Sanur as we had been in Sanur before.The Conrad was truly a 5 star hotel and excellent in every way imaginable. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room we had was a Club room as being a Hilton Honors member, and these rooms were great and could be purchased by non-members at a small premium. The upgrade is worthwhile as it will give you access to the Club Lounge for free cooked breakfast, soft drinks, coffee etc all day, afternoon pastries and then cocktails for 2 hours from 17.30hrs to 19.30hrs and the cocktails are fabulous and served with canapes etc.Free internet access is available in the lounge. The hotel grounds are fantastic and all based on a water them with water falls, lagoon pools etc. Pools are great and plenty of free sunbeds, water and cooling spray provided poolside along with towels and free of charge. Hotel is pricy for food and drink, for example a beer can be bought outside in a bar/restaurant for 15000 rupiah incl tax and 45000 in the hotel plus tax. There is approx 17000 to the UK pound.Food and drink in the hotel are similar to hotel prices in the UK. Nothing much to do outside the hotel other than a few bars. For real shopping and nightlife you need to go into Kuta which is about 20 mins by taxi and costs about 拢3-拢4 as taxis are very reasonable. Most of the resorts and hotels are very quiet and the locals put this down to the previous troubles, but as always the people are so friendly and need the tourists on the island. In short an excellent hotel and a bit pricy but you get what you pay for, as the other hotel we stayed at in Sanur was the Inna Grand Bali Beach and although good and much cheaper it does not compare to the Conrad, although the Grand Bali is supposedly a 5 star but more likely to be a 3 star. Don't let this detract you from the Grand Bali because it is excellent value or $65 incl taxes for a tower room and they are very nice with a balcony overlooking the Indian Ocean. This price includes breakfast and the website is www.innagrandbalibeach.comStopped off in Singapore for shopping as the huge sale season in Singapore is May-July and well worth it. Singapore Airlines are excellent and the best long haul carrier I have used after many years of travelling. Cabin crew attentive and genuine, with a smile on their faces for the full 13 hour flight from London to Singapore and then again for the 2 hour flight to Bali. Singapore Airlines are excellent. I booked the holiday independently and only cost 拢510 for the flight, 拢32 per night at the Grand Bali for 2 people, and 拢65 a night for 2 people at the Conrad.Oh one last bit was a rip off in Singapore when I bought a mobile phone and was supplied an out of date model. Went back to the shop 30 mins later and they wouldn't change the phone unless I gave them another $125. It was intimidating as the shop suddenly filled up with 'managers'. I had no choice other than to pay up or be left with a rubbish phone. Got home and the phone was found to be second hand and had a picture taken of the owner on it, plus accessories missing. If in Singapore avoid Singapore Connect Trading, 304 Orchard Road and 220 Orchard Road as they are not the nicest people to deal with if you have a problem. Stick to the reputable stores which is what I should have done.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>worldcitygirl
<Content>Loved the Conrad Nusa Dua! I highly recommend the Conrad Hotel Nusa Dua. I am a married female executive who travels to Asia frequently for business and I decided to do a short detour to Bali after I concluded my business in Singapore. This was my second trip to Bali and I decided to stay at the Conrad after reading the reviews. For first time visitors to Bali, I don't recommend Nusa Dua (my pick is Ubud to experience the lushness of the true Bali) , which feels like a big resort community however, if you are looking to stay at a top of the line resort, this is your place. Other reviews are correct, the hotel is just gorgeous (amazing black marble and teak lobby) and the service is outstanding. The grounds are immaculate with water fountains, lush trees and flowers galore. I agree with others that it is worth it to upgrade to be a Club member to enjoy free internet (in the lobby and in the Club -- oddly I didn't have internet access in my room but I took it as a sign from God that I was meant to detox from my computer for a few days) as well as the breakfast, tea time and cocktails. The rooms are well-appointed with beautiful glassed in shower and a (separate) sunken tub. Nice towels and toiletries, which like most women I am picky about. The Jiwa Spa is wonderful. I had a both a full body and a foot massage. Not the best massage I ever received but very nice and as a Club Member you get a15% discount. The best part of Jiwa Spa? The black ininity pool with a view of the ocean! It's quiet and a welcome retreat from the many noisy children at the resort pools.All the restaurants were excellent though pricey -- $12.00 for Nasi Goreng ( a typical Indonesian dish you can get for less than $2.00 in local restaurants)? Forget it. Still if you want a treat then by all means dig in. Balinese are known for their hospitality and the Conrad is no different. The staff were beyond wonderful and I felt very well taken care of. A quick side story-- when I arrived, I did not realize that it was the eve of Balinese new year -- a time when the whole island shuts down and Balinese do not work, use electricity or even speak --the night before the Day of Silence (the day that brings the world back into balance)-- our hotel staff arranged for the guests to attend the Ogeh Ogeh festival which is an island wide festival where gigantic paper mache demons are paraded through the street by young boys chanting, followed by a procession of gamelan musicians. There were literally thousands of Balinese in the streets and our wonderful hotel staff guided us through the festival explaining its significance. It was an honor and a treat to experience one of the most important days to the Balinese. All in all I had a wonderful experience at Conrad Nusa Dua and highly recommend .  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelSouthAfrica
<Content>Stunning A stunning place to stay, well apointed rooms, amazing spa, spectacular pools and a great place to relax.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>allaPerthWA
<Content>Fantastic Resort The Conrad Bali is a lovely resort spread over large beautifully manicured gardens and surrounded by a meandering lagoon pool and one large central pool.Our expectations from brochures were surpassed when saw this resort. It is even better than any photos can show.We were upgraded to an ocean view room which overlooked the lagoon pool and the room itself was large, modern and subtlely decor'ed. Marble look floor tiles, marble look bathroom with separate toilet and shower. The service at all times was excellent and the numerous staff at all facilities and restaurants were very friendly and responsive.The location at Tanjung Benoa/Nusa Dua is quiet and relaxing and we did not find the water sports, namely jet skis as referred to in a previous review, too noisy. Bottles of water were supplied free of charge as often as you wanted or needed them.Breakfast was included and provided a fabulous selection.The road outside was not the greatest to walk along and eating out was limited, however there are many restaurants at the Bali Collection shopping centre ten minutes away by vehicle and most if not all the restaurants provide a free pick-up and drop off to your hotel. We ate there most nights and the food was terrific.We have travelled to many countries and five star resorts and this would rate as one of the best.If you're looking for indulgence away from the hustle with friendly and efficient service and beautiful surroundings this is the place.I am a regular user of trip advisor and find it excellent in assessing the many hotel and resort destinations.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RemyDeTokyo
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic! Abolutely Fantastic,We stayed at the Conrad for about a week after a trip around asia, and this was the best hotel we stayed at;Not only the staff is incredibely helpful and smilling but the hotel by itself is really, really confortable given the rather bargain price.We stayed at the Lagoon suite, which is fantastic with the cool direct pool access from bed! (with always hot water!),The room service was impeccable (sheets and room cleaned 2 to 3 times a day!),The only inconvenient (if any) would be the airconditionning, knowing we stayed nearly in the pool, just opening the doors on tthe pool made the entire room really wet (windows and mirrors unusable),But still, restaurants and bars really are nice and food is really okay and rather cheap for a European standard (but rather expensive for a balinese standard)!We definitively recommend it and would love to go back one day!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kelicali
<Content>Loved the Conrad! I have seen sone complaining about some little details of the Conred Hilton and I decided to add some of my own feelings. The hotel is fabulous! The attention to detail is wonderful. We were staying at the Villa Lumbung and quickly decided to look for a better place to stay. We ended up spending alot of time on the hotel property, because it was so wonderful! Try a graden lagoon room! There is nothing like a 2am swim in complete privacy. We loved our stay there and would return any time. The price was good, The food was good , and the service was warm and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>brauni
<Content>Wonderful place to relax       In the pool area with sand  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Fuzzychops
<Content>Executive Lounge icing on the cake!       In the freeform pool - its huge...  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>SunnySolen
<Content>Very ordinary       bale  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	5	3	3	5	

<Author>NosyWombat
<Content>Bali without any hassle... I was in Bali a few weeks back for a quick weekend away. It was my first trip to Bali, so I wanted to stay somewhere nice. I chose the Conrad hotel. It was super nice! It has a massive lagoon style pool, as well as a regular rectangular pool. Unlike some hotels, the pool was open 24 hours a day. Just the thing for an evening dip!The hotel is in Nusa Dua, which is the nice bit of Bali. It's away from Kuta, which is the busiest part of the island and where most of the bars are. Nusa Dua is very chilled and far from the maddening crowd.Being completely lazy, I ordered room service a few times when I was there. It was yum. Very tasty. My room had a balcony, so it was fun sitting out there for the meal.The hotel is right on the beach, so if you get bored of the pool, you can go swimming in the sea. Not that you'd want to though. The beach is well maintained and clean, but the sea was a bit on the murky side. I found it best to sit in a chair on the nice beach, then go into the pool for a swim. One part of the pool has a sand floor, which is a nice touch.The whole resort is built in a traditional Balinese style. It's very well done and the resort feels very relaxed. There are hawkers wandering the beach offering you water sports etc., but they're not persistent, so you didn't feel hassled.Overall, it was a great place to stay. The staff were really helpful and the surroundings were great.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VancouverVoyager
<Content>Friendly, clean, rejuvenating An excellent multi-star resort! Plenty of wading pools for the sun soakers! Be wary of the vendors offering jet ski and boating services. The sercurity at the hotel is good, but many appear to mediate between the beach vendors and the hotel guests.Join the Conrad Club for great value - includes breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktail hour(s), plus discounts at the restaurants, shops and, most important, Jiwa Spa.Worth a return visit, friendly to kids with activity for everyone who visits Bali  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SFTraveler10
<Content>Great beach location The Conrad Bali was great. We had an ocean-front room on the club wing and it was ideal. In the club the breakfasts are cooked-to-order and evening cocktails are served by the club room staff (other than the self-service wines). The property is meticulously maintained. Within about 10 minutes of an afternoon windstorm the staff was out on the grounds picking up all the palm fronds and other debris that was blown around. Occupancy seemed low which added to the charm; you felt like you had the whole resort to yourself! I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking for a prime beach location with very friendly staff.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Junkster
<Content>Fantastic! Without a doubt one of the best places we've stayed. The service was excellent, food great and we enjoyed our relaxing stay there. The staff were very efficient - it seemed each time we left the room and returned our room was made up again yet we never saw or heard any cleaning staff around!Make sure you get breakfast included...very appetising and catered to everyone. We never ate lunch as we were to full from brekkie.We found the lovely infinity pool in the day spa a great secret hideaway. No kids there, very private and only a few people there at a time. Great views over the chapel and ocean.All the staff were very friendly and extremely helpful, nothing was too much trouble.Some great little restaurants down the road form the hotel if you want a change from the hotel food (much cheaper too). Highly recommend Bambu Bali.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Downroad
<Content>Paradise on earth Best break by far!Stayed six nights at the Conrad in an ocean front room. True there are jet skis and water sports in the beach and the beach has coarse sand. But that means you are right there at the water sports centre. The beach is beautiful but the pool is spectacular. Don;t forget to have a look at night.Airport transfer is USD$16 so you'll find a taxi or a driver (I have a number of a good one) much better value.First room had construction going on so they promptly moved us to a quieter section.Requested 8 bottles of complimentary water and that kept the two of us hydrated. Nearby restaurants are good, We found the Kecak better than the Bumbu. Both will pick you up from the hotel and the new owner of the kecak personally drove us back to the conrad as his driver was out picking someone else up.Check it out at [--]. The Rigatoni at SUKU at the conrad was to die for and a tip, room service is only 10000 IDR more than dining at the SUKU per dish and they provide free water.It's the little things that make it a great stay, the staff are attentive and friendly. The Azure will send you complimentary water, cold towels and a facial mist when you are hanging around on the beach day beds.There's a free bus to the Bali collection and to the galleria, A supermarket at the Bali collection is where you can stock up on supplies.Could not be faulted and we'll be looking forward to going backPhotos soon!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heewee
<Content>Superb Conrad We could not fault this lovely resort. Everything was perfect. Service was excellent in all areas and the concierge service helpful and efficient. The interiors were simple yet stunning, an interior designers dream.The room was spacious and very clean, loads of storage space and a lovely bathroom and balcony. The two pools were lovely and the pool service excellent. Thoroughly recommend this wonderful resort. If we re visit Bali we wouldnot consider any other hotel  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>triplov
<Content>Nice Resort, but not prefect Just came back from Conrad Bali 17 until 20 DEC 2006. Basically, consider new resort in Bali (about 2 1/2 years old). I got not much to complaint about this hotel, but breakfast in this hotel must DEFINETELY TO IMPROVE. I got the package with breakfast (at SUKU). Due to the SUKU restaurant in open air condition. So, you may find that flies are flying everywhere. In term of hygien, I will give them Terrible 0 mark. Besides, the staff in SUKU are friendly enough, but they don't really meet your expectation. I requested for two orange juices, came only after few times reminder. Besides, breakfast defietely not 5* quality. They must learn from other porperty like Ritz etc. I really got a lot of complaint about breakfast. I called room services for dinner twice. NASI GORENG is tasty, but expensive. Cost about Rupiah95,000++. But in famuos Bali restaurant BUMBU BALI, just about half price. And one restaurant opposite the Conrad hotel just charge Rupiah 27000. Overall, for 5 stars hotel. In room dinning price is acceptable and tasty enough.I got the Deluxe Oceanfront Room, I think the price was worth for it and you got nice view from the room itself. (BUT TOO CLOSE THE BEACH, IF YOU NOT CLOSE YOUR WINDOW, YOU MAY ANNOY BY THE JET SKI FROM THE ROOM).  Oh yeah, bottle water is free of charges. I got more than 10 bottles of water everyday. They only give 4 bottle during room service, but you could call and request more (But their bottle is very small, only 380ml) Day before I depatured, I walk accross the jodging path. I compare Conrad their neighbour hotel, base on distance- Tropic, Melia Benao, Club Med(500M), Nusa Dua 1.5km, Westin 1.7km, Laguna Nusa Dua 1.9km. I think Conrad is the best. Laguna Nusa Dua also very nice (I may try it on next stay). But the room in Laguna Nusa Dua is smaller, just about 36m2. Conrad about 45m2.Anyhow, I will still consider to stay this hotel in the future. I advice that you could call Airport Hotel Transport before arrive. Price is reasonable USD16.00 per way. And for daily rental, USD12.00 per hour. I rent one car 4 hours charged me USD48. I went to UBUD.If you want to know more, you could email to me leongaik@hotmail.com  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Purdy28Paul
<Content>Oh my God - it was amazing June 05 stayed in this AMAZING hotel!We were in a delux seaview room - which was simply phenomenal. Huge bed, a little Balinese Monkey on the pillow to say hello and for you to take home! The bathroom separate HUGE deep bath and walk in shower.The hotel was dark wood full of local art and water everywhere.The spa was amazing and as guests we were given discount on the already competitively priced treatments!There was a huge main pool which seemed to engulf the grounds of the hotel and also a spa pool which was always so quite and really a top secret place to chill from the other guests! It was also an infinity pool!The main restaurant was simply devine - overlooking the sea and pool areas - and it had a lovely breeze wafting in to cool us down! The prices were expensive though!The hotel resort is on the beach so you can lie and chill out by the sea.We also had use of the executive lounge which will cater to all drinks and food desires - the afternoon cocktails and cakes were devine!I havent mentioned the staff - like all Balinese people - attentive, unassuming beautiful helpful folk!If you have the choice you really cant go wrong with this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PietB
<Content>the best hotel we 've ever had We travelled a lot already, my wife and I. I sure can tell you this is far the best hotel we ever had. Not only the hotel is very beautiful, it is extremely clean, it has a wonderful service, rooms are beautiful, what can I say more. I'm not going to write the story of my life here, I can only recommend this hotel. The 3 restaurants are defintely to be recommended. They serve quality!Nice breakfast.We have looked at other hotels in the neighbourhood, for sure I can tell you, no other hotel could be compared with the Conrad.The beach was nice as well, true to say that because of seaweed and low water at regular times, I have to make a negative recommendation.This is the only negative point in my whole story. But the pool compensates for that.I forgot one other thing, the Duvel (Belgian beer) served is not representable for the real Duvel. Try it in Belgium, please.Don't hesitate to book this hotel.We were in this hotel for 15 days, not enough unfortunately.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cupcakedelite
<Content>Paradise found ...       bedroom  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HeavenIsZambia
<Content>This Hotel Stinks! Do you enjoy listening to jet skis all day? Do you like it when you order two martinis and recive two tumblers of some cold, unidentifiable liquid? Do you like the hotel beach to be packed with team building exercises while you try to relax and read? Do you like small, overpriced rooms? How about a full-length window in the bathroom? If so, the Conrad is for you!Otherwise - try ANY other hotel in Bali and you will get more for your money. We had reservations for five nights and left after one. There are simply too many better hotels (even in Nusa Dua) to recommend this place.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>happiestcamper
<Content>Beautiful hotel We just returned from a long weekend at the Conrad Bali and it is one of the most beautiful hotels we have ever stayed in. From the moment we walked through the lobby we were impressed with the helpful and professional employees. Check in is painless and efficient and is done away from the desk where you can sit down and enjoy a welcome drink while you go through the paperwork. The rooms are large and spotless. We had a garden view room, which for many hotels means overlooking some shameful piece of scrub land. However, for the Conrad, it literally means overlooking beautiful and well manicured grass and gardens. The beds are comfortable but the pillows are enormous - beware of broken neck syndrome in the morning. However, a thoughtful touch for this problem is that room service has a pillow menu to match everyone's needs. You can just call up and order one that you prefer!The pools are huge and you never feel swamped by other swimmers. And for the little swimmers, one of the pools has two large sandy beach areas at either end (both in and out of the water) which is perfect for sitting on or learning to swim without slipping on the bottom of the pool.Breakfast was included in the price of our room. It was average and seemed to lack creativity. It probably wasn't something we would have purchased if it wasn't already included. On the upside, staff were very helpful and happy to meet needs as requested. For us it was providing things for the baby -bowls, spoons, juice, yoghurt, and high chairs, or just simple entertainment for him. Food in general at the Conrad was pretty consistent and tasty. There were a few moments of language barriers and confusion around ordering but it mostly worked out all right in the end. Unfortunately a few times food arrived cold. But again, the employees are fantastic and have obviously been well trained. Drinks are expensive, although drinking water is provided for free on the beach and in the room. If you have a particular fancy for soft drinks, buy your own across the main street.There is a fabulous walkway along the beach that takes you down the strip for miles past several other popular Nusa Dua Hotels. And what stands out is that the Conrad is one of the few hotels that appears spacious, uncrowded and well-presented. Hotels further down the beach (Westin, Laguna for example) are very crowded and on top of each other. There was a feeling of claustrophobia just walking past them.There were a few downsides to the trip. Unfortunately some very misbehaved children were in our wing and running up and down the hallway screaming late at night - almost until midnight - for most of the evenings. Although not the fault of the hotel, surely a 5 star resort could have policies or procedures that respond to this type of problem. Additionally, although the food was tasty, it was a bit repetitive and not as varied as it could have been.There is a wind that blows up in the evening over the beach. Bring something warm to wear and you will be fine!All in all, a fabulous well-presented hotel. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrNigel
<Content>unbelievable This is our 3rd time to Bali, but the first at the Conrad.We went for our daughters wedding, which took place in the Hotel grounds, followed by the reception.It was absolutely perfect.I cannt fault anything, except the food prices in the Hotel.The total holiday package was marvellous.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abayoumy
<Content>Wonderful Stay This was our second time to Bali but the first stay at the Conrad. The hotel and its grounds were beautiful. The staff were pleasant,accomodating and friendly. The room was spacious, bright, clean and tastefully decorated.There are 3 restaurants within the hotel but we only ate at one...Soku. The breakfast buffet was excellent. It was the best out of all the hotels we stayed at in Bali. The other restaurants menus looked very good but the prices seemed a little on the high side for Bali. They were more in line with U.S. prices. Bali has many very good restaurants outside of the hotels. The pools were large but with no deep end. The one down side of the hotel, in my opinion, was the location. If you wanted to leave the hotel and go to the street to walk to restaurants or to the few shops that were there, there were no sidewalks so you had to walk in the street. The streets are one lane in each direction,there are lotsof motor bikes and cars and given the way they drive in Bali it is not that safe.Overall our stay was excellent. We would highly recommend the hotel and would definetely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlainAntwerp
<Content>A wonderful stay at Conrad Bali We stayed for 9 nights at the Conrad Bali as parts of our 3 week holiday in Bali. We noticed the Conrad during our last visit to Bali and were so impressed with the hotel that we decided to book it. From check-in to check-out we had the best time ever, we really felt home. Rooms were nicely appointed, modern and very functional, nice balcony with nice views, checked in the room at 11am, which is exceptional. Pools are huge, location is beachfront, staff is extremely friendly, restaurants Suku and Spice are excellent, breakfast is fabulous, lobby and bar are amazing with wonderful views over pool and sea. Every night there is a DJ coming to the hotel to play some modern asian style music, just wonderful! Maybe the hotel should lower its prices for drinks, 4 USD for a fruit juice is too much. We had a terrific stay and we will be back!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrsVintage
<Content>Great hotel I love the pool so much, which I can stay there for whole day. It has a private beach as well, and I remember when I was enjoying in the pool, one of the staffs came and gave us some fruits like water melon. These really good!Hotel is clean and view is good, will go there again next time.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>susanad
<Content>Customer Service needs reviewing On arival after a long flight I have to say that as I walked in to reception area looking out t bar and lound - I thought wow - it looks great I was only here for 2 days and was looking forward to de stressing and relaxation.I had booked a Club room (via expedia)and asked for it to be in a quiet area as I am alight sleeper.I had arrived at 6.30pm and was looking forward to getting straight to my room to shower and go for dinner.Unfortunately they took over an hour to find my booking and that was only after they asked me to check my email from there concierge desk andtwice I was asked by guests to help them and had to expalin I was hoping to be a guest and did not actually work there!After they had found the booking I was then told it would be abother 45 minutes whislt a supervisor checked over my room, I did comment you are joking arent you...............anyway there were not - I eventaully got to my room about 8pm to be told that the cockatail hour in the club lounge finshes at 7.30pm - very convenient!The room itself was good until next morning I realised that there was a fountain outside my room -not what I would call a quiet area.Room service was slow and they called me three times to tell me each bottle of wine I had ordered was not in stock!I went to the club lounge the next day for breakfast and could not here myself think for the noise of the Australian guests they obviuuosly thought it quite ok to shout and scream at each other and also to stand over my table and do similar.In the evening I went for the cocktail hour quite late about 15mins before then end of it , took a small table outside to get away from the noisy guests an was quitely relaxing with a drink and my book when I was asked if I would mind sharing my table with another couple who wanted to sit at my table so they could smoke, I was not happy about it but they seated them there anyway!I have to say the hotel is lovely, cant say the same for other guests at the time or the service.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pamandgary
<Content>Impressive but too many downsides to make us go back! This hotel is impressive. It stands out as modern, stylish and contemporary with exceptional service standards. The rooms are modern, comfortable, spacious and well laid out. The buffet breakfast is a feast. The staff are extremely helpful and there appears to be 100's of them! On the down side there are strong winds that blow across the complex which make the beachfront quite unpleasant at times and these winds certainly negatively impact on beachfront fine dining. The staff told us that these winds were normal for this part of the island. Although some of the resorts on this side of Nusa Dua had watersports facilities such as hobiecats and windsurfing equipment, only those with experience would have been able to have used them. The Conrad certainly does not have its own watersports factilities but seem to have lots of jetskiers going by from the local watersports hut run seperately. This is quite noisy! The atmoshpere created in the hotel is very much catered to the Japanese tourist. Even the music in the bar we felt had a Japanese flavour to it. This made us feel far and away from the lovely Balinese experiences we had in Ubud and North Bali. Although it is a stunning place with great service we would not go back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JumpitPerth
<Content>Conrad Bliss An excellent property with great facilities and well above average rooms. We stayed the week leading up to Easter and were treated like royalty with access to Club facilities - Club lounge provides refreshments throughout the day, papers, internet access, and a nightly happy hour where a wide range of drinks are available at no extra charge. Note that children under 12 are not allowed in lounge and we travelled with our 3yo daughter so had to go take turns when we wanted to use the Club. Rooms are very large and amongst the best appointed in Bali with huge bathrooms although the DVD player provided doesn't play the DVDs available from local markets so you need to take your own or hire one locally. Our package included breakfast at the main restaurant - buffet style with a large range and good quality. Other restaurants including 8 degrees (on the beachfront) and Spice (upmarket) are both well presented and worth trying. Only thing i would say is that the children's menu is basically the same wherever you go, not very flexible with a strong western bias and a little disappointing. There are some good nearby restaurants - on the main access road and at nearby hotels, that provide better value for money if the Conrad prices worry you and you're happy to venture out. Overall fantastic resort, fantastic pools, fantastic staff, and while expensive by Bali standards still very affordable by Australian standards. Make sure you get up early one moring and get yourself (you can't reserve) a beach bale overlooking the bay and Nusa Penida for the day. Go now while it's still quiet!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jol67
<Content>what a fantastic hotel We have just returned from 10 nights at the Bali and really can't say enough good things about it. The rooms are enormous (and I guess we had the standard room), very very clean and no signs of wear and tear. The hotel was only 50% occupied whilst we were there but even if it were full it would never seem crowded. The swimmimng pools are enomous, there are plenty of sunbeds and the pool staff are fabulous. The beach is very quiet and you really don't get pestered much just say no once and you don't seem to get bothered. The grounds and around the hotel are fabulous and kept beautifully clean. The small boutique shops are lovely obviously more expensive than outside but definatly not ovr priced. The gym is fantastic, the staff provide you with cold flannels infused with peppermint oil if you begin to get a bit overheated!!! The staff are very courteous and polite and very willling to help with anything.The only thing I would say is that the food in the hotel is quite expensive but you only have to wander down the road to the right and all of the little local resatuarnts serve very acceptable food and are very grateful for your custom!One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>karlarnold
<Content>Exceptional Resort       View from lobby  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JDean2008
<Content>Fantastic hotel We wife  I just spent 2 weeks at the Conrad for a brilliant honeymoon.This is the best 5 star hotel I have ever stayed in Bar None ! From the time we arrived in the Cathredal like reception area, where one can sip delicious cocktails while overlooking the main pool/beach and listening to chilled out sounds of live Balian music, to the ginormous sized room we were given, we loved every minute. Yes, the pillows are the size of trucks as are the beds themselves and the bath.We loved the thatched small pavilion like 'Bales' by the beach, where you could just stretch out all day , ocassionally nipping out for a quick dip in the meandering pool. We almost always ate at the beach side 'Degrees South' restaurant, a decent breeze in the evening keeping you from roasting. Food throughout the hotel was excellent though not cheap !We hardly ever ventured onto Conrads own beach although it is immaculately kept in contrast to others nearby.There are very few negatives about this glorious place, except to reiterate that the staffcan be over-attentive (I almost got 'told off' once for pouring my own wine!) , but this may be due to the fact that the hotel was only 1/3 full (we are told due to the terrorist bombings).My only other (small) complaint woiuld be the amount of watersports going on in the bay, preventing the setting from being completely perfect.Otherwise I would advise anyone considering this place to go, to go now before the Aussies start coming back and it fills up again.Also, much preferred the Kecal Bali to the Bumbu Bali for eats.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Wonderful! Many highpoints:-Stunning landscaped pool (enormous)-Outstanding rooms, with pillows the size of trucks!-Gym and spa truly exemplary-concierge particularly helpful-reasonably priced, exquisite boutique shops-wide choice of bars/restaurants (breakfast buffet is a must. Also, dinner at SPICE)However, the best restaurant of all is just down the road from the hotel...BUMBU BALI - don't miss it!!Low Point:-Staff sometimes overly attentive (put your fork down and the plate's taken away by one of the many staff hovering close by; that sort of thing).  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rotgif
<Content>Hotel Conrad, Nusa Dua, Bali - Great! This remarkable and new hotel saved our holiday to Bali. After leaving the disgusting Ramada Hotel just further down the Tanjung, we checked into the Conrad. Our poolside room was awesome, the service outstanding and the stay most pleasant. The 8 degrees South Restaurant gave us a wonderful birthday experience with the most divine chocolate cake ever baked! Breakfasts were sumptuous and filling. Only complaint was the (very expensive) restaurant near the spa, which was truly disappointing and the food inedible lumps of fat (at least my shank was!)The evening swims, literally around the hotel, were wonderful and refreshing and the access to the beach was free and easy. There is a safe and pleasant walkway on the beachfront which stretches for miles in each direction, winding past the Club Med and Hilton resorts (and many others).A great place to stay with many fond memories!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>did not meet our expectations Hotels on Bali are subject to particularly fast wear and tear. This may be due to the tropical climate, the intensive rain and, of course, also the construction methods.Therefore, if you rather avoid worn hotels, when in Bali, you should be careful to choose a relatively new hotel or one which has, at least, been fully refurbished (incl. the rooms) in recent years.This and the close proximity to the golf course in Nusa Dua formed the basis for our decision to book the Conrad Hotel which opened two years ago and has a long beach strip in the Northern part of Nusa Dua. It is well known that the Conrad Group resembles the 鈥濴uxury Department鈥?of the Hilton Hotels and therefore it is only natural to have high expectations. From the pictures on the internet it can be concluded that the resort is designed in a trendy, modern-Asiatic style. The 313 rooms and 15 suites were not brilliantly but, nevertheless, sufficiently described and, after some correspondence with the Room Division Manager, our decision was clear. We chose a Spa Deluxe Suite. It is probably called 鈥濻pa鈥?because it is situated in the same wing as the spa and 鈥濪eluxe鈥? it can be presumed, stands for size, furnishings and facilities. In contrast to the Spa Lagoon Suites, which are situated on the ground floor but, therefore, have direct access to the pool, the Spa Deluxe Suite is situated on the 4th floor on the corner of the building and has quite a large balcony and a (at least theoretically) wonderful additional sun-bathing patio.At first glance, the suite looks quite nice. As already mentioned, the furnishings are modern-Asiatic (even though Western-modern is predominant and decorated with some Asiatic hints). Large seating area, round dining table for 8 persons, a kitchen well suited for a detached house, monster fridge, guest bathroom with shower etc., etc. 鈥?br/>But, as so often, it鈥檚 the little things that always cause the problems. When taking a closer look, one notices that the bedroom is unproportionally small if compared to the size of the whole suite with 150 square meters. Here, the architect was too negligent or too lazy to think of a better suited solution. The bedroom is, thus, merely a standard bedroom attached to which is the living area of a suite. Similarly disappointing is the bathroom: Far too small for a suite; only 1 hand basin, no space to hang up the towels; the bathrobes are placed in such a way that they either get caught in the WC or the shower doors. The mirror lighting is installed in such a way that, if one is the second person in the bathroom and does not stand directly in front of the hand basin, there is no choice but to always look right into the light. The wardrobe is even worse: No dedicated space within the suite, merely the mini wardrobe of a bedroom with hardly any storage space. Feasible for a weekend with swimming trunk and T-shirt out of the travel trolley, but for European travellers who are staying for one week or longer it is completely unsuitable. What was going on in their heads? Why would someone want to stay in a suite? Maybe because you would like to take advantage of the space and there is enough of that. But unfortunately in such a way that it cannot be utilized.A further detail of the architectural shortcomings: There is simply no mirror in the guest bathroom.There is a large flatscreen television attached to the sitting room wall; without doubt a plus. But it is also installed in such a way that it is not possible to comfortably watch television from the seating area. Obviously, during the placing thought was only spent on looks and not on functionality.A Bose system with DVD and CD player supplements the audio-visual range. What could one conclude from the presence of a DVD player? Correct: That there is a CD library where you can rent films. No way, there is a player but no films. Statement from the Hotel management: You will have to buy them someplace else 鈥?This may benefit the sales of pirated copies on the island but not the wellbeing of the guest. Talking about the hotel management: We personally notified the hotel manager of all the minor defects discovered by us. He appeared to be aware of some of them, others (such as the missing mirror) prompted pure astonishment. The Room Division Manager, who was sent to us by him the next day, basically mentioned that they had already heard about this from other guests but they did not get a chance yet to do anything about it as the suites are booked out so often. They would, however, use our comments as an opportunity to speak to the interior designers. Nice for 2007, but not much good to us.The hotel may be well managed, this is evident from the well looked after garden areas and the general friendliness of staff (which, however, is customary in any way), but it lacks in attention to detail. Example: On arrival, there was, placed on the huge dining table, a tiny plate with 3 apples and a welcome card from the manager. In view of the prices for fruit and flowers on the island this is completely incomprehensible and not really a sign of charm. With the nightly turn-down too there are several possibilities to create something like an atmosphere: a small chocolate on the bedside locker, the CD playing local folk tunes, joss sticks, etc. (漏 largely with the Banyan Tree Hotel Chain). Subsequently the fruit was also not replaced. A further detail of the suite: The armchairs at the dining table are much too low or the table top is too high. In particular, if one considers the average size of Asians. A further detail which, again, shows that the interior designers considered looks more than functionality.Nevertheless, these are still only the minor details. The big shock was yet to come. Right next to the building in which our suite was situated, as we were told then, a new wing with another 50 suites and a Spa extension was under construction. 鈥濽nder construction鈥?sounds like construction site and this is exactly what we had right outside our patio door. What was quite tolerable during the first few days turned into a nightmare when the foundation works collapsed after a rainy day. Reading or working on the patio became impossible; we were literally imprisoned within the suite. Resting or sleeping was also impossible. The concrete mixer truck was even louder than the power boats and jetskis that departed from the hotel at breakneck speed, which, by the way, constituted an early morning wake-up guarantee.So, what did we receive in terms of compensation or apology from hotel management: Not much! We were merely offered (to be fair, on the previous day) to move into a Pool Lagoon suite two days later (but only after completion of the foundation works, as the respective guest had a late check out) which, however, we did not want because we are no great friends of groundfloor rooms (without a view, but therefore with more insects).Ouch, this is not how you treat (suite) guests 鈥?br/>The suite price included access to the hotel Club, the usual 鈥渉otel within the hotel鈥?principle. That this had not been planned right from the start became apparent relatively quickly. The groundfloor entrance, that is to say, looks rather like the goods entrance or a cellar dungeon and hardly like a club entr茅e. The Club itself is not that bad and has an outside part too. As we were told, it was supposed to become the third floor of the (on two floors above situated) spa but, for one reason or another, this did not happen.Friendly service, furnishings and fittings in a fashion, drink selection okay, selection of foods, that鈥檚 to say small afternoon snacks, also okay, breakfast, however, poor. The selection choice of same is relatively small and limited alright. Overall, therefore, average.The fitness centre is adjoining. It also doesn鈥檛 blow you away, but is sufficient; at least there are two steppers.The Bales, i.e. the small huts in the garden area on the beach, where you can relax and leave your cares behind you, are nice.Overall, the Conrad Bali is average to good average but far from a dream holiday. There are better options on the island that offer better 鈥渧alue for money鈥?Deluxe Lagoon Suite approx. 500$ ++.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KL_Sue
<Content>Large, new and wonderfully designed hotel A relatively new hotel located on the outskirts of Nusa Dua. Wonderfully designed - lots of Balinese style pavillions, water gardens, fountains, courtyards etc but with a modern touch. Rooms are large and modern (with a some Balinese touches) with airy bathrooms with huge baths. Massive swimming lagoons with plenty of sunbeds and areas to get some privacy ie not long lines of beds crammed in together. Gym is huge with lots of new equipment and yoga studio. Food is excellent (alghough perhaps a little too creative for children!) and service can't be beaten. If you want to be in Nusa Dua area then this hotel is highly recomended as many of its neighbour hotels such as Sheraton, Grand Hyatt look very tired and old in comparison. The only slight negative is that, although the beach in front of the hotel is well maintained and clean, the areas either side of it and a little tatty and uncared for.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Michael/Steven
<Content>A Beautiful, Luxurious Hotel with Great Staff We spent three nights at the Conrad in November, 2005 and had a wonderful time! It IS a very large resort but the staff makes you feel very special indeed. Granted, the resort was quite empty since our stay was soon after the terrorist attack in Kuta. But, we felt absolutely safe and secure at the Conrad. The central pool is enormous and the lagoon pools surrounding it are a great visual touch. Everything about this resort is top-notch. I do believe that our room was the most beautiful and modern room we have ever stayed in! The bathroom was huge with a large soaking tub and separate shower enclosed in green frosted glass walls. The artwork in the room was very well chosen and the patio was a great place to have a drink before dinner. DO see the Balinese dance show if you are there on the nights when it is performed during dinner. It was a delight!As much as I love this hotel it is highly recommended to go to Ubud or some other smaller towns to really get a taste of the real Bali. The Balinese people are the most friendly we have ever encountered anywhere. Go, go, go to Bali and experience paradise! The Conrad is a great place to start.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place               More photos  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lance92270
<Content>Amazing!       Beach  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MimmiHK
<Content>Highly Recommend the Conrad Bali Hotel We stayed with our toddler at the Conrad Hotel Bali for a second time in September 2005 and were very happy with our choice of hotel. We had stayed there just over one year ago but had then been disappointed. The hotel was then newly opened and clearly had to improve its customer service and in general the staff's way of handling matters. We gave it a second chance and were indeed very pleased. The rooms were of course as large, clean and nice as during the first stay. This time the SPA had opened and it was really of top notch quality. It also offered good value. It was very busy so a piece of advice is to book treatments well in advance. It is highly recommended to book before you arrive. The pool is lovely and in our view nicer and bigger than at almost all other hotels in Bali. The service quality was consistently very high. One of our best memories will be the superb dinner we enjoyed at the Spice restaurant, which had also been rated best restaurant in Bali by various local magazines. It was terrific in all aspects; ambiance, service, food quality, selection, innovative, presentation, taste etc. Their restaurant by the ocean also served lovely and creative food. We strongly recommend the Conrad Bali to travelers who prefer large hotels to small boutique hotels and expect consistent delivery of 5-star hotel class and service. It can be added that we also felt that everything at the hotel was of very good value (better than at other similar type of hotels).  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>queenbee19
<Content>A heavenly resort for exceptional value It saddens me as I write this, as the terrorist bombings occurred this past weekend. I was in Bali the week before and stayed at the Conrad for 3 days/2 nights. The Conrad was nothing short of stunning - I truly hope that tourists still will consider visiting Bali, particularly the Conrad hotel.I reserved my room by calling the Hilton Hotels directly (Hilton owns Conrad). I used a corporate discount and got a king-sized bed, ocean view, club lounge room for $200/night. However, I checked on-line to see what the prices were going for the same room. It honestly wasn't that much more - I believe I saw the same room for $250-300. These prices are very competitive when you compare against other huge resorts in areas like Nusa Dua, Seminyak and Jimbaran Bay. You definitely get your money's worth at the Conrad, particularly the rooms that have access to the club lounge (I will go into specifics about this in a bit).The Conrad is located on Tanjung Benoa right by Nusa Dua. It is a short drive from the airport, around 20 minutes or so. As you drive towards the Conrad, you will see the big gates that lead to Nusa Dua - you don't pass through these gates to get to the Conrad, you drive to the left of them and the Conrad is a few minutes from the Nusa Dua gates.When you step out of the cab, the lobby is sleek, refreshing, airy and has huge high ceilings. The decor is very modern but clean, with hints of Balinesian flair. You can see the ocean immediately upon entering the lobby - the view is breathtaking. You are also greeted with an iced tea drink and a cooling towel. Our rooms weren't ready, so we had a quick lunch at East, the hotel lobby eatery/bar. You will find that prices here are definitely more expensive than the rest of the island. The prices are similar to what we'd find in New York - which we were expecting. Do expect to pay quite a bit more for your meals/drinks at the Conrad. Another tip - if you book a club lounge room, you get 15% off at all the restaurants on the premise.We were shown to our room, which was on the 4th floor to the backside of the hotel. Along the way, there were many splendid water fountains. The hotel definitely put a lot of time and effort into every detail when designing the place. You will notice that throughout the resort - from the manicured lawns, the beach bales, the main pool, the walkways and even down to the cigarette ashtrays by the elevators. There's also a fitness center, tennis courts, spa and business center at your disposal.We faced the ocean, but we had a direct view of the spa. It wasn't the best view, but sufficient. There are 3 buildings - 2 of the buildings surround the main pool. These are the buildings that have rooms on the first level that lead directly into the lagoon pool, which is a nice touch. The third building off to the side is where all the club lounge rooms are, which was where we were located. It was very quiet and relaxing.The room was plush, deluxe, and luxurious. You need to put your key card into a holder by the door in order to turn on all the lights, and they all turn off when you take the key out. There's a walk-in closet with ample shelf and closet space, in addition to a wall with a huge full-length mirror. There's also 2 robes and 2 pairs of slippers to use. The floors are a cool, creamy marble. Such a nice relief on your feet when you step into your room. The bed I believe might be a tadbit smaller than a true king size, but no complaints, still very big and comfortable. The hotel is still fairly new (2 years old); you can tell b/c the room still has a fresh smell to it. There's a pillow menu. There's a seating bed by the window, a large table (with drawers, coffee maker, alarm clock and free bottled water) next to each side of the bed, and an additional table (with shelves) for another lamp. There's also a desk, a huge armoire with the TV, DVD player, minibar and safety deposit box. The channels are all satellite TV channels. It's suffice to say that there's plenty of storage space.The bathroom is heavenly. The door is a sliding door with a huge full length mirror on it. The counter top is black marble with plenty of space around it for toiletries and more shelf space underneath with all the amenities you need (shampoo, conditioner, bath gel, cotton swabs, brush, toothbrush, hair dryer, shaving kit, and even free bottled water to use for rinsing while brushing your teeth, and much more). The bathtub is a nice, clean white ceramic tub, with bath salts if needed. There's a separate area for the toilet with its own glass door. There's also a separate shower with its own glass door as well. The fun part about the shower is that there's also a full length window, which you can keep the blinds open to be able to see outside as you shower. It's very unique!Now, the club lounge is an enclosed lounge available for use to those that stay in the club lounge rooms (no children - must be 12+ years old). It's absolutely divine. Breakfast is included every morning at the lounge, where you can order all sorts of eggs, fresh fruit, pastries, meat and cheese, cereal, porridge, even sushi. There's also daily afternoon tea, which you can get snacks, desserts, pastries, with all sorts of drinks. Lastly, there's also daily evening cocktails with hors d'oeuvres, which changed daily - ranging from sushi, pigs in a blanket, meat, cheese, crackers, etc. There's also 2 computers with broadband connection you can use for free, newspapers, lounging areas by the TV, and you can drop in anytime for drinks and snacks. This is all included in the price of your room.The restaurants were great, I was impressed that this hotel's fare was actually delicious. We didn't have a chance to eat at Spice, supposedly the best restaurant in the resort, but we did eat at Suku, Eight Degrees South, and East. There was entertainment when we ate at Suku - dancing and a live band.Otherwise, for the days we stayed here, we didn't leave the grounds at all (we had previously been in Ubud and Seminyak). We lounged by the pool and they will give you free fresh fruit in the afternoon, a box with 2 waters, water spray, cooling towels. There are a few hawkers that try to push you to do watersports, but they will not bother you on the grounds of the Conrad, only when you step onto the beach. They are also very friendly and not too pushy.Overall, I was very pleased with my stay for the price I received. In the future, I don't believe that my honeymoon will even be able to top this vacation for the price that I got. I highly recommend this place, and have been recommending it to all my friends.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Luxuryman
<Content>Luxurious, glamorous and fabulous!               More photos  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel is in the beginning of a long learning process! There is only one first impression! Ours was wasted. We made room reservations for three rooms half a year in advance with special requests. One week before checking in I checked the rooms and made some extra requests such like a room for a physically challenged father. And another for twin beds in a corner room. None of the requests were honoured and it took the Conrad staff more than 2 hours to give us the room keys! They proved to be wrong and after this a very clumsy manner of giving us other rooms that also proved to be wrong pushed us to anger! We stayed for more than two weeks in the hotel and complained about several things. How could it be possible that in the very much overpriced restaurant 'Eight degrees South' mussles are served that are sick (30% closed shells). After a complaint, no reaction of the staff at all! Housekeeping spontaneously removed a blanket from the baby cod. After this they claimed that all baby blankets are taken by other guests! After complete anger, they came down to the room to bring us a baby blanket within 10 minutes!!! We talked two times to assistant managers of the hotel for nothing (that's another 1 1/2 hours of valuable vacation time). At the end (after two weeks!!!) we received a fruit basket and a letter of apologies from another assistant manager.Watch out for the taxis! The Conrad tends to call Kowinu Taxis for you instead of Bluebird. We experienced twice that the tamper-seal of the meter of a Kowinu taxi was broken and removed! The second time we refused the taxi and the first time the fare was about 50% higher than it should have been.The hotel is very nice, but also very noisy. You can hear the sliding of chairs, beds, slamming of the heavy bathroom doors in other rooms! Unbelievable for a newly built hotel like this!The apologies of the hotel are there. They say that they are learning. And hope that we will experience a better Conrad Hotel if we come back the next time. Not for us...... For this money you can get better value in Bali!Posted by Minang@dds.nl  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kaplancohens
<Content>Excellent for Small Children The Conrad is right up there with a Four Seasons Hotel. Rooms were spotless ( I am a cleanliness freak). The service was excellent...everyone was very friendly to us and our three children (ages 5,2,1). The pools were beautiful and provided hours of entertainment for our kids -- they especially loved the pools with the sand beaches. At low tide the Ocean beach was filled with all sorts of starfish, octopuses, crabs, and shells -- bring your water shoes!The food was very good -- not excellent. Mychildren loved the breakfast buffet. There was a DVD player in the room, disney channel and Nick. Children shampoos and bath toys were also provided by the hotel. The baby Crib they provided can easily fit a two year old. The grounds had lots of paths for the kids to run on -- the only draw back was that some areas are not stroller friendly -- be prepared to carry your stroller.I would also recommend if you want to explore outside the hotel-- do your research before you get to the hotel. The concierge service was the only weak spot of the hotel. All in all this hotel was an excellent value. I would definately go there again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Practical Traveller
<Content>Want to escape to a beaut luxuriously beautiful resort? This is it. Pros: Masterfully designed modern hotel, large rooms, fantastic pool(s), very friendly staff, beach access with bales, fewer hawkers than most locations, large cushioned bales, quality food (good breakfast buffet), a few street shops and restaurants within walking distance (say, if you want to buy cheaper beverages and/or cigarettes or eat out without taking a taxi), romantic, relatively quiet, secure  secluded (if you are concerned about that sort of thing), great for kids or couples of any ageCons:Not cheap (by veteran Bali traveler standards), beach not as nice as older Nusa Dua locations, far from most of Bali's nightlife and shopping, may be hard to get access to pool chair seating, cushioned bales and towels, not for party people, secure  secluded [if you hate that kind of thing]My wife and I just returned from 5 days in Bali (July 24-28), dividing our time between two hotels, The Conrad (July 24-26)  the Grand Hyatt (July 26-28). This was my first time there, and her second time. I'll stick to discussing the Conrad in this review, though. When we arrived at the Conrad I was struck by the beautiful, modern design of the hotel. The sound of water can be heard everywhere as fountains and waterfalls fill nearly every small courtyard. While being checked in we were given refreshing glasses of some sort of fruit cocktail (non-alcoholic) which was a pleasant gesture. Once reaching our room we were very pleased with the room's size, layout and lighting, as well as our balcony view onto one of the large magnificent garden courtyards. In the room was a king size bed (might have been a somewhat larger queen), large TV with satellite channels, as well as a DVD player (we didn't use it though). One of the nice things about the room is that you will find it difficult to forget your key. Why? In order to turn the lights on in the room you must place your room key into a panel by the door. Once you take it out the lights will eventually dim off. This also appears to serve as a nice way to save energy, especially with the known energy problems the Indonesian government has been having. Some of the rooms in our area go right out into the courtyard, but we enjoyed our corner 2nd floor room, which was very quiet.The first time we attempted to get poolside seats we were unable to, nor even a towel as they were out of them (this was around 11am). Interestingly, we saw quite a few people with more than one towel per person, and we had to wait a few hours before we could land a towel. Instead, we managed to get two seats on the beach under a bale, which was quite pleasant. (When we went to the beach the next day, a bit earlier, there were actually towels already folded on the chairs and we were given free cold water as well as cool, dampened towels by one of the staff). The beach was nice, but the sand was not that soft, nor did the water look that great. There was quite a bit of seaweed, it was a bit darker than other beaches I saw on the island, and no one really seemed to be going into the ocean. If you鈥檙e someone who loves to go into the ocean, this may be a turn off. The only vendors on the beach I saw were ones asking if you wanted to rent a jet ski, go parasailing, or ride the back of a raft pulled by a motorboat that literally takes off into the air, on occasion. We thoroughly enjoyed the pools, and also think they would be great for kids. While there is no water slide, there are some artificial beaches (with real sand) on the lagoon pools, which stretch around the beachfront perimeter of the hotel. We saw several small children playing with sand pails and shovels which I imagine their parents liked because there were fewer dangers in their mind compared to playing on an ocean beach. I鈥檒l briefly try to mention some other things of note as well. Traversing the hotel is also not too difficult since it is not overly spread out or tall. The food we ate there was actually quite nice. I had a grilled tuna sandwich and my wife the pizza at the beachfront restaurant and we both found them to be quite good (I'm comparing this to NYC restaurants). We were never able to sit on one of the cushioned bales that surround the lagoon pool on the beachfront, so like getting pool chairs and towels make sure you claim a spot early (I suspect no later than 10 am) by leaving property such as a towel and a book there (which is what it appears many others did). One thing that was nice was that there were actually a few street shops and restaurants right outside of the hotel, within walking distance (although crossing the street in Bali is certainly not for the lighthearted), so if you want to get some cigarettes (clove or tobacco) and a few large bottles of Bitang beer to your room for cheap, it's there. For those tourists concerned about security I found it, like many of the larger hotels and restaurant/lounges that we visited, to be a strong presence. Before any vehicle can get near the hotel they have to wait at a checkpoint (quite some distance from the lobby) as 2-3 men check the car inside, and underneath (with mirrors 鈥?that have lights at night).Overall, The Conrad is an excellent choice for anyone who wants to experience luxury, relaxation, and comfort at a beach resort on their vacation/holiday. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carr6775
<Content>Best hotel I've ever stayed in! My wife and I stayed at the Conrad Bali from 1-10 July 2005. From the moment we arrived, we were hugely impressed with the standard of the hotel and the friendliness of the staff. Everything worked and was of the highest quality, from the excellent room to the best ever pool I've seen.When I lost my camera, the hotel manager arranged for the head of security to accompany me to the police station, a requirement of my travel insurance but not something I fancied taking on myself. Less than an hour later, I had a police report which should allow the claim to proceed.Contrary to other reviews on this site, we found the food at the Conrad to be really very good. OK so you can get it cheaper elsewhere and there are more authentic Balinese restaurants available (the Bumbu Bali is five minutes away by car and they collect and return you!), but for a luxury hotel in impeccable surroundings, the cost and quality of the food offering is in my experience hard to beat.I look forward to my next trip to the Conrad Bali - I'd recommend it highly to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ratio3533
<Content>Paradise in Bali We just returned from our first long weekend in Bali. The Conrad made it a holiday to remember... apart from the fact that it is classy beyond belief (great colour scheme, fabulous architecture, ample swimming pools to give that resort feel, extra friendly staff), it was the small things that were really well attended to - which would make or break a holiday, ie. you have a choice of 8 different pillows when sleeping (depending on allergies etc); when at the pool, the staff bring you water bottles and cold napkins; all the amenities that you can imagine are available with one phone call and at no charge. It is just a well thought out and perfect resort - best hotel I have ever stayed in (and I have stayed at the best all over the world) so far. Granted the prices are a bit on the steep side, and the water sports leave much to be desired since the beach is really a non-beach (restaurants and water sports are a short cab ride away), it is truly deserving of all the praise it is bound to receive for the coming years. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone who needs to truly escape. Will be back within a short while.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Uneven   showReview(3599365, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doctor_X
<Content>Fabulous pool, stylish rooms       View from bathtub to bedroom  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Snowy04
<Content>Not high recommended   showReview(3421130, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JakartaAdvisor
<Content>Superb Hotel   showReview(3280510, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>qaxl
<Content>Stylish Heaven       South Wing by night  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pennoir
<Content>Best Hotel Experience in the World!       View of Beach from Hotel  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous!   showReview(2597702, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous!       Those pillows are really comfortable!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AvidVisitor
<Content>Superb new hotel   showReview(2332822, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bernard_Mac
<Content>Exuding in Style   showReview(2324355, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>澶ч瓟鐜?> 澶ч瓟鐜?</a> </div>
<Content>婧€瓒?#x201d;   showReview(23051671, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>shiro112
<Content>銉椼兗銉亴澶с亶銇忋仸姘楁寔銇°倛銇?#x201d;   showReview(22990733, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(22855703, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仐搴︽簚鐐广伄銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(22855524, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AKI銉兂銉夈兂
<Content>銈炽兂銉┿儍銉夈儧銉嗐儷銆€锛╋籍銆€銉愩儶宄躲伄鑹亜銇ㄣ亾銈?#x201d;   showReview(21350031, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仌銈屻倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21745220, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇°們銇°們
<Content>銉椼兗銉亴鏈€楂橈紒   showReview(20991633, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仚銇欍倎   showReview(21744930, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>锛讹缉锛ワ脊
<Content>鏈濋銉偣銉堛儵銉炽亱銈夈伄鐪恒倎鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(20863696, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞   showReview(21744742, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jalfami
<Content>銈汇儸銉栨皸鍒?#x201d;   showReview(20440825, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	3	4	3	

<Author>ahoten
<Content>銉椼兗銉亴澶с亶銇儧銉嗐儷       锛戦殠銇儴灞嬨亱銈夈伄椤樻湜  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>銇傘亶銇熴倱
<Content>鍏ㄣ仸銇檼銇曘倢銈?#x201d;       銉涖儐銉伄銈儭銉嬨儐銈?/a>  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>妤藉湌   showReview(19915163, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Oscari
<Content>Estancia Increible   showReview(18939994, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仌銈屻仸銇忋仩銇曘亜   showReview(19914859, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仐銇紤鏃?#x201d;   showReview(19914690, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>verokaixo
<Content>magn铆fico hotel - sin playa   showReview(18716191, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr guter Standard   showReview(19648697, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏉卞眿   showReview(19914565, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DocZymer
<Content>La relaxation parfaite   showReview(17481895, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pulpito
<Content>Relax en Conrad       piscina grande  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇с仚銇?#x201d;   showReview(19166143, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸鏈€楂樸仹銇欙紒   showReview(19165182, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶т汉銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19164074, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傘亶銈屻亜銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19163656, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫仺銉椼兗銉亴鐩伄鍓嶃伄瑙掗儴灞嬶紒   showReview(19163077, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傘偣銉嗐偔銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19162879, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍎泤銇紤鏃?#x201d;   showReview(19162121, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闅忔墍銇皸閰嶃倞銇屾劅銇樸倝銈屻倠銇嶃倢銇勩仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161593, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇儶銈俱兗銉堚櫔   showReview(19161574, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽兂銉┿儍銉夈€€銉愩儶銆€   showReview(19161429, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱倢銇炪儶銈俱兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161409, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仐銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19161398, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仐銇梾銇伅銇溿伈銆傘€傘€?#x201d;   showReview(19161361, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19160080, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇勩仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19160012, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

