<Author>tonydennis
<Content>Stylish, new hotel at the right price, service a little chilly We checked in at the B Nov. 19 and 20 to stay in Barcelona for two days before our cruise. The hotel is less than 10 euro away (plus 1 euro charge for baggage) from the port.The value is pretty unbeatable for what we got, a stylish, very hip hotel right out of Wallpaper magazine. Extremely minimalist but with good use of materials. However, much of boutique design is looking very generic using the same zebrano woods and concrete and industrial materials, etc. This could be any cool hotel in the world - I didn't expect Gaudi, but would be nice to see some Spanish boutique influence. But I'm quibbling here, because the design is executed extremely well, especially for the price, we paid only 100 euro per night for a standard room.While the price is right, and the accommations are great, the staff (at least some of the staff obviously think cool surroundings mean a cool - non welcoming attitude)In a tiny hotel staff attitude is really important, because it's like a little home away from home. (which is why you don't book a big tour bus hotel) We ended up going to the nearby Plaza hotel across the road to book two tours and ask for advice because the staff were so much friendlier, even though the plaza is ironically a very busy tour bus kind of hotel. Maybe we were spoiled. When we arrived in Barcelona the airport employees were incredibly helpful and friendly and when we got lost getting to the B, some Barcelonians helped us out of the blue, so we were overwhelmed at how warm and friendly the Spaniards were. When we got to the B the front desk folk were, I must stress, not rude, but definitely not warm or welcoming - but really quite indifferent would be the attitude. Which is OK, but not a great way to welcome guests. We have stayed at many boutique hotels all over the world (including all of the Ian Schrager group in New York) and I understand getting good staff is always a problem, and we also realize this is not the Four Seasons with their level of training or pricing. We were just spoiled because the average Barcelonian was so friendly, that the chilly atmosphere of the B staff was a bit of a shock. Also, the security guard at night (or I think he was, he wore a jacket and tie)could learn to smile more - he doesn't have to say hello to guests or even acknowledge them - but you really felt you were intruding in his space in the lobby. The security guard at the Plaza, on the other hand was quick to show us how to use the public telephone when he saw us struggling with it.To be fair we only met four different front desk staff in our two days. The two women were helpful, but the guys needed a bit of a reality check, no one (guy or gal) said hello or acknowledged guests as they came in and out of the hotel, which I guess is standard procedure. The guests may also have an attitude so maybe that's a reason? Front desk staff also didn't seem to know much about tours, attractions, etc.We also asked for a quiet room because of the construction and were given the standard line that all rooms are quiet.This isn't true, you can hear sirens going up and down the street and motorcyles going to work at 6 am, where we were on the fourth floor facing the street. Also you are sandwiched between two major construction sites.I grew up in a major urban area, so this didn't bug me all that much, but because it was my vacation, I really was hoping to sleep in.Overall, I would likely go back to the B because of the decent location and the extremely good price, but ask for a quieter room.I would also continue to use the staff at the Plaza for my tour bookings, etc. so you get the best of both worlds. Use the B for your room, but use the staff at the nearby hotel for your other needs.On a plus note, management does seem to care a lot about continuous improvement and feedback, which bodes well for the hotel group. A well priced, well located hotel that could use an attitude adjustment.cheers  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	2	3	3	

<Author>MickyPa
<Content>B Hotel was the B-est!! We spent two nights at the B Hotel and we absolutely enjoyed our stay. On our arrival we were greeted by a very nice girl, who gave us all the informations we needed on how to get around, even handing us a very useful map of the city. The Hotel is situated right next to Plaza Espana and a 30 minutes walk to Las Ramblas and Placa Catalonya. We don't usually use public transportation but the Hotel is very close to a metro station which it would take you everywhere you need to go. In Placa Espana you will be able to get a bus to and from the airport for only 1.60 euro, which is very convenient. We do not reccomend taking a taxi from the airport, they all charge a flat rate of 35 euro, and the Hotel is only 20 minutes away, so the price seemed very high.We were given a room facing the street, and even though the traffic can be pretty busy, we weren't bother too much by the noise coming from the outside. The room had a beautiful modern feeling, with a very nice bathroom, a flat screen TV and a little fridge filled up with all kind of drinks.Breakfast wasn't included in our room rate so we decided to take advantage of the buffet only on the last morning before our departure. The price was a bit high, 13 euro per person, but it was well worth it. The buffet had all kind of food like cereal, cheeses, salami, eggs, fresh fruit salad, yogurt and sweets. Plus coffee and tea to order. There is enough food to fill you up for good part of the day.We would recommend this to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aikipjb
<Content>Very nice hotel for a short break Stayed in the B hotel for 3 nights 28 Nov - 1 Dec. Hotel modern and lived up to expectations. Very comfy and modern rooms, comfy bed and nice decor, Rooms at front can be a bit noisy with main road, however, everything else was good. Very good selection and quality breakfast, staff always helpful and had very good English. Good location 15 mins from centre on foot but only a couple of Metro stops. Would def use the hotel again and is easy to access via the aerobus.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ymous
<Content>Pefect Location I booked this hotel 2 days prior to my visit via hotels.com for only 拢55/night. Upon our very late arrival, we were upgraded to an executive room. The room was generously sized and faced the back so was nice and quiet. Referring to the comment two doors down about the missing bathroom door, this is a design feature of the room. There is no door between the bath and the bedroom, there is a black glass wall. There is a door for the toilet. Whilst not in the centre of Barcelona (a 30 minute walk from Las Ramblas), we found ourselves perfectly positioned for our visit to the monestry, which was on direct train route from the local station, and the castle and the sea were both walking distance.I did not try the breakfast here. There are lots of cafes and bakeries nearby where we got a coffee and pastry for 4 Euros. There were many small bars where you can get very good quality and reasonably priced tapas, especially along the adjacent street Avenue du Paralel.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>Martin68
<Content>Simply superb Location is a little out of the centre but I didn't find it a problem. The hotel is five minutes walk from the Placa Espanya metro stop and you can get into the centre very quickly or it's a 20 min walk to Placa Catlunya.Had a 6th floor room facing Grand Via. It is a very busy road and there was traffic noise but this is a city hotel so it's fair to expect it and it didn't bother me. If you're a light sleeper, there are some rooms on the inside of the hotel that you might want to ask for. The room is a good size with large desk, comfortable chair and sofa. There is a full length door and tiny balcony that you can step out on for a bit of fresh air. Bathroom is good with a decent sized bath and seriously powerful shower which amazingly doesn't go all over the floor like most do.The mood lighting in the room (but not the bathroom) is really excellent and it's all controlled by buttons at the door and bed which cycle through various settings. Venetian blinds to the bathroom are fun (the controls are below the bathroom mirror in case you're wondering!). Wi-fi is free, fast and reliable (and as a bonus works on the roof terrace which is stunning!).The buffet breakfast was absolutely excellent with a wide selection and staff that kept the food topped up, cleared/reset tables and actually seemed to take pride in their job. In many hotels the buffet breakfast seems to be an excuse for the staff to hide away as much as possible so full marks to B-Hotel. I used room service once and it was good. The menu is pretty basic but fresh, well cooked and reasonably priced compared to many hotels.The staff were friendly, attentive, efficient and helpful throughout.The niggles are few and far between. The safe is slightly too small for a 15 laptop and the designer should be shot for the lack of decent lighting anywhere near a mirror!All in all, this is a really fabulous hotel for travellers on a midrange budget who appreciate contemporary design. Note you can get extra discount by booking more than 30 days in advance on the hotel's own website. I rate B-Hotel very highly indeed for a 3 star and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FCMUsa
<Content>Rundown property.Unprofessional staff We stayed at B hotel last spring for 4 nights. The hotel location is good; in Placa Espana at the bottom of Montjuic Hill.On the other hand, the hotel is rundown, dirty , smelly and the staff was unprofessional. One of our rooms had stains all over the wall and the carpet; the bathroom door was missing and the air conditioning broken. As we were going to stay there four nights we asked for a quieter room and we were put right across from a construction site. Of course, we were told no other room was available. We were awoken by the unbearable noise every morning early. The W.C. room door was missing but according to the staff was not a big deal! We checked out the night before and realized there was a mistake in the bill; they had charged us less when we told the employee about the mistake we were told not to worry about it; the discrepancy would have been explained to the supervisor by the employee .We were told to consider that as a discount we should have gotten for all the inconveniences. The next day at 4:30am when we were leaving for the airport, we were called by the same employee and we were told that in reality that discount offered the night before, could not be given to us. We did not have the time to argue and as we had already paid what was on the bill, we left telling the employee to have the supervisor call/ e-mail us the next day to solve the problem( I left all my home  work details on top of my passport and cc info they already had).We also said not to involve the rest of our party in this issue BUT the other people in pour party were asked pay the difference causing a significative embarrassment .Following my e-mail, the hotel manager accused us to leave without paying(!)and offered a ridiculous refund for the rooms' AC, W.C. door, etc. that we did not accept. Very unprofessional.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>PremierGirl
<Content>Fantastic value We have just returned from a 5 day stay in the B hotel, Barcelona. We could not find any fault whatsoever and have so say that it has been the best value experience ever. I did a massive amount of research before I booked and found the best value by booking directly on the hotel's own website. We also got an 'early booking' discount and the average cost per night was 47 euro, without breakfast. The hotel is located beside Placa d'Espanya. The metro system in Barcelona (located a couple of minutes from hotel) makes transport very easy and most parts of Barcelona very easy to access. On my last visit to Barcelona, June 2008, we stayed on Las Ramblas which was a great location for Las Ramblas and the Barri Gotic. I feel that the location of the B hotel did not take from my stay this time and I will definitely be returning.A note on booking restaurants; I did alot of research on the top restaurants and cross checked different websites. I prebooked a different 'top' restaurant each night through toptable.co.uk and this eliminated the bother of looking for good restaurants each day.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>frankiemagic
<Content>Excellent hotel My girlfriend and I stayed for 3 nights/4 days in October in a double room. Room was excellent - very modern and quirky! Roof top terrace was beautiful - especially the pool overlooking the Plaza Espanya - it was a shame that there is building work going on in the buildings next door and opposite as they ruin the view!!!Location - right next to the Metro - 3 stops away from La Rambla or a 25min walk straight down Av. Parl.lel to the marina! The Airport bus drops off in the Plaza Espayna as well and it is only 鈧? (much better than 鈧?0 taxi!!)Staff were great! Couldn't comment on food as we didn't eat there!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Karagiozis
<Content>Fantastic hotel Stayed in this hotel with my girlfriend for five nights in September and really enjoyed it. The room was excellent and the decor/style was very original. Very clean and the bathroom adds a very nice touch. The staff throughout the hotel were fantastic in particular the reception desk always helpful and accommodating. The location is slightly out of town (15-20 mins walk to the center depending on pace) but it is right next to a metro station (3-4 stops) and you dont really notice. Weather permitting the rooftop pool is an ideal place to relax with some nice views.Would definitely stay here again if I came back to barcelona.One last thing, would highly recommend the tapas of the day set selection at the hotel (excellent value and very tasty).  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>lbcf
<Content>Will definitely stay here again! Our 3-nights-stay at the B Hotel was perfect. We loved the chic and simple design, the lighting in our room was great, the swimming pool was awesome and the location, unbeatable (for our taste: not too close to the Ramblas, near to a metro station (lines 1 and 3), near to the fountains, Montjuic, Fundacio Miro, only 15 to 25 min to the airport using the Aerobus). The staff was very friendly and corteous and they spoke spanish and english, at least. We stayed here with our two-year old daughter. Everybody was super nice and kind to her and even though there are no children amenities in this hotel, she thoroughly enjoyed her time at the hotel's roof-top swimming pool and at the playground of the Parc Joan Miro (only one block away) when we were at the hotel, which was not much, we spent a lot of our time getting to know the city. We had a good experience with room service and breakfast as well.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TeeGee101
<Content>Great location - Gorgeous Hotel. Stayed at the B-Hotel back in 2005 - but have visited it since though not to stay. The hotel had only recently opened when we stayed for 4 nights. It was gorgeous - Really stylish. Great connections to the city centre via the metro which is right outside the hotel entrance. We have visited Barcelona about 5-6 times and this is one of the best hotels we have stayed in. The only reason we have stayed anywhere else is down to availability. B-Hotel always seems to be fully booked when we are in town! Staff are friendly. Rooms are very clean. Beds are very comfy. Prices seem to be rising each year but you can still grab some bargains. Recommend for city breaks - couples, not families - don't think there is anything at hotel for kids...there is a roof top pool. this is pretty cool but if you are scared of heights - beware!!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>ChampagneTasteEurope
<Content>Alright if you are not fussy Looks too good on the internet hence the disappointment with reality. To be fair, it is well equiped for a three star but it is a bit far out, though close to the tube station. The free wireless in the room does not really work and when it does it is very slow. breakfast was a disappointment, i think we paid 36 euros for two....was not really worth it. Roof top pool is also not up to scratch... I think they are trying but it is designer look on the cheap... Staff are 1st rate though. I know there lots of ums and arrrs here but I would only recommend it if you are not a demanding type, that would be happy to have some amenities and does not mind long walks, taking the tube or taxis to get around.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>zouki_08
<Content>Nice Hotel - Staff Issues This as a really stylish hotel, next to a metro station, numerous bus stops and a taxi piazza! People do not speak english and that might be a problem (at least it was for me) but our room was really great and sparkling clean ... the bathroom being the best feature and the pool, although we didnt actually use it, offers a fantastic view over the city! Check out took a half hour waiting (the english problem again!!!)...  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	2	2	5	

<Author>stanley9
<Content>Great discovery. I recently went to Barcelona for the first time with my girlftriend and we stayed at the B-Hotel and had an absolutely amazing time. This hotel is extremely chic and in a great location for those who prefer not to stay too close to the madness of the Ramblas. It is very close to the Magic Fountain which has an amazing light and music show in the evenings. Getting to the Ramblas, the beach and the marina is extremely easy as there is a Metro station and a bus stop incredibly nearby and Spanish public transport is fast, clean, very cheap and air conditioned. The hotel itself is beautifully designed and has an amazing roof top deck with sun loungers, complete with an infinity pool, which is a great place to chill out after a day's sightseeing or before heading off at night. The rooms themselves are great too and have excellent bathrooms although the lighting takes some getting used to! Our only criticism would be the awful overpriced breakfasts. Guests would do better to walk around the corner to Paul's the upmarket bakers and buy some top notch pastries instead.Incidentally, we'd heard that Barcelona could be dangerous with lot's of muggings but we felt quite safe strolling through the town at midnight. Finally, this hotel appeals to couples of all sexual persuasions but is not suitable for families, as it lacks child friendly facilities.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Calby71
<Content>Superb hotel, great location I was with a party of 6 girls, celebrating a big birthday. The hotel was perfect for this. Lovely terrace with pool, and the friendly staff on hand with beers for us! I booked directly with the hotel and got a very good price. I would recommend staying here as you are minutes away from the Metro and the stop for the tour bus, which I would thoroughly recommend. I didn't have breakfast in the hotel as it was 13 euros, but there were plenty of restaurants on the main street. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>VolleyNOR
<Content>Great, modern hotel with perfect location Great modern design hotel, perfect location at Plaza Espa帽a(Bus and Metro connecting all Barcelona 10 meters from the hotel), serviceminded staff, lovely teracce area, nice pool view, comofortable spacious rooms, tasty various breakfast, free internet use. Everything was perfect! Absolutely recommended!! AE  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>molly_malone_81
<Content>Modern hotel, good price I booked this hotel after reading positive reviews on tripadvisor. I was very happy with it overall, really great modern design and good value to be had online. Great breakfast too, with lots of choice and variety. One minor quibble would be that while the reception staff are very polite, the bar staff were not very helpful to us when we tried to claim a free meal that was meant to be included in our booking deal, but maybe they were just having a bad night! Also, the bathrooms in the rooms are a bit strange with the shower being on view to the bedroom (although there is a way to screen it out as we eventually discovered after a few days) and our toilet door was a sliding door...modern design can have its pitfalls!. The hotel is right beside a metro and very easy to get to and from. Overall, would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ajnoone
<Content>Great Adult Location Cool , funky, great location , reasonably priced. Highly recommended  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaliforniaPeggy
<Content>Loved the "B" Hotel! I was more than pleased with our stay at the B Hotel. It was very modern, clean  very convieniently located to the train station, airport  tourist buses. I would definately stay there again. I always check several web sites. 1st prices(very reasonable), then for reviews, and we (there were 6 of us) were not disappointed with anything at the B.Peggy SCalifornia  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>timbo56
<Content>Great stay. My wife and I stayed there for 4 nights on a romantic/sightseeing break.Although it is slightly out of the city centre we found it a great location. It is easily accessible from the airport by the airport bus right outside the terminal. They will drop you at Plac Espanya and the hotel is right there. When you want to head into the city centre there is a metro station just across the road from the hotel. We found this the easiest way to get around and were in the city centre within 10 minutes of leaving the hotel. Within 10 minutes walk of the hotel is the hill of Montjuc and the Font Magic which are worth a look on weekend evenings when the fountains are set to music. Also next to this is Mies Van Der Rohe's Barcelona Pavillion, a mecca for architecture buffs. We carried on walking up the hill, helped by a series of very welcome outdoor escalators and after a half hours stroll with some beautifull views of the city, we were at the Joan Miro Museum. Carry on from here and you can get the Fununcular railway back to the metro system.We found the staff really helpfull and friendly. Breakfast very good with a great selection which definitely set us up for a day of sightseeing (sausage, bacon, eggs, tortilla, cereal, toast, croisants, pastries, fruit, tea, coffee, juices, cold meats, bread, cheese, tomato, boiled egg, etc.).General design of the hotel is cool and modern. It was clean and well maintained. Slightly form over function in some things but fun anyway. The rooms are pretty big and well laid out. Much bigger than you would get in some 3 stars. I'm guessing there are certain criteria you need to fulfill to get a higher star rating because this is way better than some 3 stars I have stayed in. Maybe the fact that they don't have a full restaurant hold it back.We booked through last minute and it didn't say whether they were twin or double beds on the booking. My wife added in the comments that we would like a double and they had a record of the comment at reception when we arrived. We were told we had been given a 'Matrimonial' bed. I don't know if this is the normal double size for this hotel but it was massive. The glass divider between bedroom and shower was an interesting concept although maybe not so good if you were travelling with a friend! There was a venetian blind between the panes of glass but we never managed to work out how to close it.The deck on the roof is great for a relaxing drink although it was a little too chilly to test the pool when we were there.One negative thing I have seen in other reviews is the fact thet there is a lot of building work around which spoils the view. True there are a lot of buliding going up and cranes nearby but we weren't disturbed by the noise at all. I guess it isn't the best view in Barcelona but from what I saw most of the upmarket hotels in the city centre were either on narrow lanes with no view at all or on fairly busy streets anyway. If you want a really nice modern hotel AND a beautiful view of the seafront or marina I think you probably need to up your budget. Unless someone knows different and I'd be glad of the reccomendation.I've also seen some people have mentioned that there is a sex shop across the road. Unless you have children who you don't want asking awkward questions or you are particularly sensitive I wouldn't worry about it. The windows are completely blacked out and there is nothing on display from outside. Overall we had a great stay and would be happy to go back.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MACY13a
<Content>Great Hotel, Unpolite receptionist The hotel was excellent, but the receptionist was very unpolite and rude. She told us in half an hour to check in and when we got there she said that she was mistaken and that we had to come back in more than 4 hours later! Very unprofessional for such a hotel!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	1	2	4	

<Author>ceedaworld
<Content>Pro and con The B hotel is a fashion hip hotel. I am well traveled and have been in many types of places.Pro Nice size room. Efficient staff. Clean and sanitary room. Normal good breakfast.(eggs, bacon breads, fresh OJ, pastries, fruit ect. Nice bath amenities.(Could use a 3x magnifying mirror in the bathroom as it is dark in there) Rooms face front and back of busy street. Higher floors are nicer.Back rooms are quiet but they face a wall. Close to airport bus. Right across the street.Either aeroportobus (4.05 eur) or city bus line 46 (1.20 euro ).26 min ride to airport at 10 AM time Next to the Magic fountain. 400 meters away. A must see on the weekend startng at 9 PM. Walk out the door turn right and then left. Fun infinity pool but the view is being obstructed by the construction next door.They are building a mall in the old bull ring. Go to google earth to see it. Fun bath room. Lights work by dimmer switch.Glass bath room walls make the room appear bigger. Free internet. Such a well thought out room but the toilet paper was difficult to access. And the bath is easy to flood the floor. Remember the old adage form follows function.Hear that Mr hotel designer?Con. Staff is just efficient .I got different answers to the same question. Why don't all staff members know about the weather forecast? It's a big factor in sightseeing and it should be posted or the staff should have a little clue as to the forecast for the day. Noise from construction next door. It is 30 meters away. Breakfast should be in the price. Bad feng shui as the bar is not a place to hang out. No restaurants in the area. Rooms are soundproof to a point. Other guests are quite varied. Mostly younger crowd as this is a hip place. Starting to look like a 3 year old hotel.If you get a good price this is a wonderful base for a first time visit. It is safe, and a member of the NN hotel chain.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	2	-1	4	

<Author>BigGUk
<Content>B for Brilliant My wife and I have just returned from Barcelona and stayed at the B Hotel, we loved the ultra modern touches and found the room to be very well laid out. Loved the open plan style of the bath/shower into the main bedroom, it might not be to everyones taste but we have been married 21 years and have no worries about showering/bathing and being seen by one another. The lighting took about 5 minutes to get used to, but a great touch. We loved the vast range of food and drinks on offer for breakfast and would recommend bed and breakfast as it is well worth the money. Yes building works going on but as we were not there to lie around by the cool dip pool, but to see the sights, we did not find it a problem as we were up before works began and by the time we returned in the evening work was finished for the day. Saying that we spent a little time up on the roof to see the views and enjoyed relaxing on the loungers in the sun for 30 mins or so before heading out. The hotel is well located for the Placa d鈥橢spanya, Olympic Area, Magic Fountain, Poble Espanyol and so much more on Montju茂c. The easy to use Metro is a couple of minutes away as are bus stops and taxi ranks, use the metro and be in Ramblas in around 4 minutes !! All in all it is perfectly located for travelling all over the city by these various means of transport. Friendly, helpful staff could not be faulted, we will be back in the future thats for sure.So if you like modern, cool hotels at a very reasonable price, this is the hotel for you.3 Star ??? Must be rated higher surely !!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>AllegraLondon
<Content>Devil is in the detail I stayed at the B last year on business as it was ideally located for the convention centre, but have just returned from a leisure weekend with a friend. It's always interesting when you return to a place because you take in more of the detail - and now that the whole 'Hip Hotel' concept is ubiquitous, it's the detail in such places that can often make a passable experience into a special one. So, a few things worth noting with the B as of May 2008:1. The whole construction thing next door has taken on a nightmarish life of its own since last September. Our room looked out onto the skeleton of what is evidently going to be a multistorey carpark, blocking the view of a fabulous traditional bullring. These rooms are dimly lit anyway (it's what you expect in a hip place, right?) but this carpark monstrosity kills any natural light completely. 2. On the same subject, the rooftop terrace and chillout deck trough (it's only a metre wide so not a pool, but nice for a dip) loses most of its atmosphere when you have workers hanging off cranes just a short distance away. And as for the noise - well, forget any quiet meditative moments gazing towards Tibidabo....3. The bathrooms generally get rave reviews at this hotel, but we found a lot of the details pretentious and a triumph of style over substance. The deluge shower is literally that - poorly designed shower panel makes you flood the room in minutes. I just pity their chambermaids having to do the morning flood control! The downlighting makes the mirrors pretty useless - a small illuminated shaving mirror wouldn't be too uncool surely? There are no hooks anywhere. There is a venetian blind system between the bathroom and the bedroom, which we had to ask how to control at the front desk so that my friend and I could enjoy at least a bit of lavatorial privacy!! It really isn't too much nowadays to get the best of beautiful design and practical function in a hotel room, yet the B has way too much of the former. I'd say the place is due a rethink on updating some of its 'hip' features, in order to stay on top of an increasingly competitive market in Barcelona. One practical tip as a parting thought - to avoid minibar charges, there is a fab little kiosk opposite the hotel entrance on Gran Via (next to the sex shop...) and it (the kiosk, not the sex shop) sells everything you find in the minibar at a fraction of the price.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>Trish22
<Content>Excellent value and good location! My partner and I stayed at the B Hotel for 4 days in March. The location while not central, is a short metro ride to most attractions. It is also convenient for getting to the airport. The rooms were tasteful and comfortable. Loved the bathroom! The lighting was also unique. My only complaint about the room is that the ventilation system is quite loud - even when we turned it off, you could hear a noise everytime the system engaged and disengaged. This became annoying after a while. The infinity pool and patio on the top floor are spectacular, though we didn't get to use the pool as it was quite cold. Had breakfast at the hotel once, and it was okay, though nothing to write home about. Internet access was included and reliable. The underground parking is overpriced (30 euros) and very, very tight but highly recommended, as theft is prevalent in Barcelona. The hotel did lack vibe at times - not a lot of activity in the evening at the bar. Service was also very slow and not always very knowledgable.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>DanielMinneapolis
<Content>Very good experience Booked the B hotel based on the reviews and the fact that it has got the nice location and transparent bathroom. Was not disappointed at all.Very nice modern design inside. The bathroom definitely is the selling point of the hotel. I filled the entire tank and just laid there listen to the music while gazing out the glass panel to the floor-to-ceiling window to outside, the view was nice at night! (but not that much during the daytime, there was a constuction going no just next door, I suppose that the view will be comprimised when the building next door finished. Check in and out was fast, staff speak nice English and quick to help.Very nice location, just steps to subway. However, it is close to the main busy road, could get a little bit noisy if you are light sleeper, but the heavy curtain helps to block the sound and light.Didn't use the pool or breakfast. Internet was free and fast. Nightstand has this convenient lights control panel shuts off all lights with just one button to push. However, it also shut off the power outlet, which I used to recharge my laptop (bummer)Hotel exterior looks old and dirty due to the approximity to the roads and constuction. Rooms inside also starts to show the ages (some chips and scratches).In general, it's everything I needed: nice location, reasonable price, modern bathroom, quiet, free wi-fi and safe box in the room. Will definitely consider next time  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>thetribeman
<Content>Overpriced and overhyped I stayed here with my wife for four days in April and while the hotel was modern and clean there was too many bad points to make this an enjoyable stay.The good:1. Clean hotel2. Large rooms3. Close to metroThe bad:1. The rooftop pool is an oversized bath2. There is no good restaurants and bars close by and the metro does not run after 12 so it a long trek home after a night is over.3. The hotel has no atmosphereThe ugly1. The staff are rude and unhelpful which leaves you with sour taste2. The hotel is overpriced for a 3 star  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	2	-1	1	1	2	

<Author>LynchLondon
<Content>Lovely Hotel, lacks atmosphere I have just recently returned from a trip to Barcelona with 2 other friends. We booked a triple room at the B Hotel. We were originally put in a room overlooking the noisy building site next door but were quickly changed to a different room as I said it was unacceptable to have spanish workmen looking in our window. The hotel staff were extremely pleasant and we all liked the hotel. it is very modern. The one thing it lacked was atmosphere. We hoped to go and socialise at the hotel bar but found we were the only ones in it,. Also the pool bar could do with a bit mroe attention. I think this is because the hotel is a good 30 minute walk from La Ramblas but this walk can be quite enjoyable with frequent cafe stops. Generally I think this is a very nice hotel and I personally liked being away from the madness of La Ramblas. We all felt very safe in the hotel and also walking back from a night out.I would recommend it.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>boston_tripadviser
<Content>Hip hotel for younger travelers       View from room at night  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>azizis
<Content>fanatastic       musical fountain  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bridie27
<Content>Way more than a 3 Star This hotel is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in. The rooms are lovely with huge beds and state of the art decor. The working of the lights can be a bit confusing as they worked by buttons but wouldnt be long getting used to them. The pool is on the roof and although small, its still lovely to go up and relax and sit beside. We went in Apr so it wasnt very hot but would be lovely to lie out in the Summer. The room was extremely clean on arrival and was cleaned every day with them even checking to see when suited us to have it cleaned. The staff were more than helpful and very friendly. Didnt actually eat in the hotel so didnt sample the food there but if the rest of the hotel is anything to go by, it would be lovely. Even though this is meant to be a 3 star I would class it more as a 5. I couldnt recommend this hotel highly enough. Would def stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tupacamar
<Content>A-stay at the B-Hotel Spent two lovely evenings at the B-hotel. Loved the modern decor of the room. We were upgraded to a huge room with a great bed and wonderful bathroom. Found the room to be quiet and the hotel staff to be very helpful. We did not try the breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>travelbug151
<Content>Excellent hotel for a weekend away I stayed in the B Hotel in May 2006, so apologies that my review may be out of date but I found the hotel to be excellent. It was easy to get to on the bus from the airport as the bus stop was on the square opposite the hotel. The metro stop is also opposite so it's easy to get around as it is a fair walk into the centre of Barcelona. The room was lovely and large, watch out for the glass bathroom walls, the staff helpful and friendly and the rooftop pool great. I would definitely recommend the hotel if you don't mind a metro ride into the centre.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>princesspentium
<Content>'B' good value @ B Hotel Just back from 4 days/3 nights @ B Hotel - chosen on TT recommendations.Overall we were very impressed with the hotel. It is within easy reach of the airport, especially if you pick up the Aeroport bus (4.5 euros single) from outside the terminal. The bus stops in Placa Espanya and from there it is 5 mins walk to the hotel. You can identify it easily when you get off the bus as there is a huge 'B' on the top of the hotel.The design is very minimalist and modern, we asked for a quiet room at the back, although we were told all rooms were quiet due to double glazing but we didnt want to chance a room at the front as the road outside is very busy. Staff speak good english and were very helpful to us.We had a twin room , clean  spacious, with plenty of storage space for a short break. The bathroom is lovely but rather dark and it took us till the 3rd day of our stay to find the controls for the motorised blind when gives privacy to the shower/bath! Its on the wall next to the socket nr the sink if you want toknow what to look out for!Bed linen was good quality and 2 nice pillows were provided. Toiletries in bathroom, including, throw away toothbrush  razor with shaing cream, as well as other usual gles  potions.Buffet breakfast was 13 euros each which might sound expensive but we treated ourselves as it was our anniversary.This was served on 1st floor which doubled as business centre (2 pc's with printer - which was out of paper  ink when I wanted to use it to print out our checked in boarding passes!)Breakfast was very good, ranging from an assortment of juices, cereals, dried  fresh fruit, cold meats, cheeses, sausage, hardboiled eggs, tomatoes, cucumber etc Also hot food, scrambled eggs, fried potatoes, bacon and assorted tortillas. Plenty of different bread  rolls, croissants, including custard filled and chocolate ones. There was also a tart, apple/custard. Toast, jams, marmalades too if you were still hungry. Coffee and tea were brought to table by waiters. We filled up on breakfast so we only needed a snack lunch most days.There is a bar, for having a well earned drink, near to reception, which also serves tapas - if you're there at lunchtimes or early evenings.Placa Espanya Metro is located in the nearby square with at least 8 entrances. A single journey cost 1.30 euros, or a T-10 ticket with 10 journeys for 7.20 is better value, if you are travelling round the city. We found the Metro, clean, quick and efficient. very easy to navigate too. We used the Bus Touristic during the day, which stops in the square. It is a hop on/off bus which runs from 9am to 7pm. You buy the ticket on the bus. It costs 20 euros for 1 day or 26 euros for 2 days. We bought the 2 day tickets and found they were better than the Metro (which we only used for return journeys in the evenings when we went out to restaurants). It also saved our feet when we just wanted a rest and a ride round! There is a narrated description of the sites using free headphones in at least 8 languages! Just plug your phones in a choose your language.The bus has 3 routes, blue - north, red - south and green - east. The blue and red routes are the most useful, stopping at all the major sites. They run every 10 to 15 mins and there are changeover stops which cover blue/red routes.With your ticket you get a book of discount vouchers for the majority of the city sites - such as the Sagrada Familia, La Pedrera, Maritime Museum (excellent) Fundacion Joan Miro and many others.I booked restaurants for the 3 evenings we were there before I left the UK. I used www.toptable.co.uk a very useful site, which allows you to book restaurants by email in lots of cities around the world.Overall we would stay at the B Hotel again, a slight compromise in location but with public transport so good, this wasnt a problem and it was nice to have a quiet hotel to get a good nights sleep.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Respilosa
<Content>Spacious, clean, modern, very reasonably priced I spent two nights at the B-Hotel and was very pleased with my experience. The B-Hotel is a great value.Other people have said negative things about the location, but I disagree. In fact, the very competitive rate made the location fantastic, as far as I was concerned. It's not right around the corner from most of the tourist-y stuff, but getting anywhere from the B-Hotel is easy enough on foot, by taxi (cheap in Barcelona), bus, or Metro. Plus, I got to experience a small slice of regular Barcelona. I was a solo female and felt completely safe walking to and from the hotel at night. Airport transportation to and from the hotel is especially convenient.The room I was given was attractive and very spacious. The room decor was minimalist modern, but not cold. Very large floor-to-ceiling windows facing the Placa D'Espanya were great. I wouldn't have felt very comfortable staying in the room with a new lover because the bathroom was poorly insulated and opened directly onto the room. On the other hand, the toilet is separated from the rest of the bathroom by a sliding door, which is nice.That said, there was one thing that really annoyed me: the hotel plays bothersome music all night long in the hallways and the rooms aren't insulated well enough to block it out. It made me crazy. I live smack in the middle of a large city and am not at all a light sleeper, but had to resort to earplugs to deal with the music. They play it during the day as well but the steady hum of traffic outside renders it almost unnoticeable. At night, there is no traffic to drown it out.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Moutarde22
<Content>Great hotel! After staying 4 nights at the very nice Hostal Goya, we had to move because there was no room available for the rest of our stay in Barcelona. We were suppose to spend two nights at the B-Hotel but we end it up staying three nights because of a cancel flight.The room was great! Modern, spacious, as bright as you wanted to be. The staff was very courteous. The rooftop pool is spectacular. We didn't use it (it was March!), but I could just imagine myself finishing a nice day in the city on the side of this pool.There's better location for a hotel in Barcelona, but there's also a lot worst. The B-Hotel is situated just by plaza Espana, very close to the Palace.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>swooshie
<Content>Good hotel in relatively good location, but poor service The hotel is located in a relatively convenient area with the metro being a minute away. We arrived late at night and were greeted by a rude man, Antonio Caballero. We firstly didn't get the room we asked for, returned to get it changed and were then given a room with no door between the main room and the bathroom. He took the problem with little care and told us that he couldn't anything about it. The same man checked us out and still possessed his arroganant attitude. We weren't even given a thank you. However, other than this man, the hotel is stylish and modern with good access to sights.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>FattMatt
<Content>B-Hotel A-grade holiday!       100yds from the hotel!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>ChristianeM
<Content>B= Best I could not say enough about the service at this hotel! The reception went well out of their way to help me and made certain my stay was a very pleasant experience.The hotel is located right across from the Fiera (perfect for trade shows). In the adjacent square (Plaza Espana) you can board a tourist bus for 20 Euro which will take you all over Barcelona and you can hop on and off at leisure. You can also catch a direct bus to the airport for just 3.90 Euro. The room was very modern with clean, fresh lines. Both bedroom and bathroom were spacious and the lighting was fantastic! I found the hotel well suited for business travel with free internet access and a spacious desk and couch. I also used the meeting room facilities here and was quite pleased. The lobby bar is a fun scene and ideally suited to meeting friends and chatting.I would definitely return there again and would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brazil 26 Couple
<Content>Great location, perfect room, 10 out of 10 ! Stayed 4 nights in Dec-07. Perfect location, 5 min walk from subway. Close to restaurants, bars  mini markets. Nice design hotel with confy room  excelent breakfast. Helpfull staff, free PC with internet downstairs. Great pick for business, honeymoon or general purpose. Perferct swimming pool for summer.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>the-boo-bears
<Content>Great Value, Great Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the B hotel between Christmas and New Year. When we arrived the very polite receptionist apologised that there would be a slight delay in checking in due to a large party arriving just ahead of us. She then arranged for a free drink to be brought to us in the bar, to apologise. The delay was no more than 15 minutes, and before we had finished our drink she came back with our key!The room was stunning, very modern and very clean. The space is nicely laid out and has lovely views of the The Arena and The Palace. I can not praise the staff or the hotel highly enough, both made our trip very comortable and relaxed. The only odd thing with the hotel is the lighting system, the combination of lights is a little baffling, and takes time to get used.The hotel is located very centrally and is very close to several bus stops and 2 main Metro lines so getting around is simple. It is even close to the Hop on Hop Off Bus stop, so it is perfect for tourists.The hotel is also reasonably priced, with our 3 night stay costing just over 鈧?00, which for the quality of the hotel and its location, was extremely reasonable. Overall I would just say that it is a great hotel, good value, pleasant and helpful staff, and it is in a great location. If you get a chance definately stay here!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bellmeister
<Content>Way up the pros and cons Before you book this hotel, you need to ask yourself what you want. If you want a hotel that has lots of bars, restauraunts and shops within easy walking distance, then this is not the hotel for you. If however you want a hotel that is close to the metro and therefore easy to get anywhere is barcelona quickly then this could be for you. But way up the pros and cons.Pros:very close to espanya metro station (L1 and L3)modern and spacious rooms with great fitoutin room safefront desk spoke english and were helpfulsupermarket 50 meters awayfree internet access in lobbygreat rooftop pool and terracecomfortable zip king bedsBBC and sky news on LCD TVgood water pressure in showerprice - you should be able to get a package for under 拢100 per nightConsYou can here and feel the trains go underneath the hotel. Its not loud but you can notice it. If you are a light sleeper it may not be for you.There is not much around the hotel apart from the supermarket, but you can walk to magic fountain, The Palau Nacional and montjuic park.It takes 25 minutes to walk from the ramblas or 鈧?0 in a cab.Quite a lot of ambulances went past with sirens blaring.The lighting system is complicated - i recommend you try and work it out as soon as you get there, dont wait till the middle of the light on your way to the bathroom as you may inadvertently start an in room disco.All in all its a good hotel if you can put up with a little bit of noise and you dont want to be in the heart of the action. But i wouldnt pay more than 拢100 or $200US per night. Next time I might try the gothic quater.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>worldcitizn
<Content>Over rated hotel This hotel is highly overrated. For $270 a night, I expected much more. The location of this hotel sucks. No restaurants around nor shopping. It is quite a ways from the La Ramblas (the mail restaurant and shopping area). Also the rooms dont even have closets for clothes. How ridiculous is that. For $270 we got a room that faces a apartment building with clothes hanging on a line in the apartment balcony. Nice view !...NOT !!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	4	2	1	5	

<Author>Arturas
<Content>Great place for the weekend in Barcelona Nice designed rooms, easy to get to the center and the airport makes this hotel a great place to stay! Had courtyard room and totally no noice!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>memoria-TRIP
<Content>Good hotel Good hotel but not central.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>aber-fan
<Content>Excellent value for money We stayed in this hotel from 31st October 2007 to 4th November 2007. Overall, I would rate the hotel as being very good value for money. It is a modern hotel (opened 2005) with an interesting design. The rooms are quite large, with a large bathroom/WC area. Although I don鈥檛 necessarily expect this in a hotel, on our visit, we always found English-speaking staff present (though some staff were not English speaking). The bar/breakfast manager was English, and very helpful. Breakfast was a buffet, with a variety of foods available (ham, cheese, tortillas, bacon, bread, croissants, cereals, fruit, juice etc.). Snacks/light meals were also available during the day/evening.We chose this hotel because other travellers said it was quiet (despite being on a large thoroughfare). Our room at the back was indeed quiet for three nights, and we slept well on the king-size bed. On the fourth night, a Saturday, some locals held a party nearby 鈥?but this was hardly the hotel鈥檚 fault!Overall, the hotel was clean 鈥?bed linen, towels etc. I had one complaint here 鈥?our cleaner did not wipe the vertical surfaces in the bathroom, so that a stain on the side of the sink was not removed. A bit of staff training on cleaning surfaces would help.We didn鈥檛 use the small swimming pool on the roof (it was November!) but it was surprisingly sunny and warm for the time of year, so we enjoyed spending half an hour there in the mornings to plan our day.If travelling to or from the airport, unless you have a lot of bags it is worth taking the A1 Aerobus 鈥?this costs less than 4 Euros, and stops at/near the Placa d鈥?Espanya, just near the hotel. The journey time was around 15 minutes, off-peak. There is a very convenient metro stop at the Placa d鈥橢spanya 鈥?three lines run through it, which get you to the downtown areas in 10 minutes or so. The T-10 (10 journey) tickets are good value. One word of advice 鈥?many of the automatic ticket barriers (but not all!) are 鈥榣eft-handed鈥?so you need to hold the ticket in your left hand and pass to the right of the barrier. I saw many tourists trying to walk through the barrier to the left of the ticket-checker, and being puzzled that they could not advance 鈥?we did this ourselves, at first!Sights near the hotel include the Montjuic area, with a cable car up to the Castle 鈥?excellent views on clear days. The 鈥榤agic fountain鈥?is very near, as is the National Palace 鈥?a very large art gallery. In town, queues for Gaudi鈥檚 Sagrada Familia (cathedral) and 鈥楲a Pedrera鈥?(town house) were very long 鈥?go early if you want to get inside these. It is easier to get in to the beautiful and highly original Casa Batllo, a short way down the road from La Pedrera. Another spectacular building is the Palau de la M煤sica Catalana (concert hall) 鈥?well worth a visit, with drinks and tapas available in the foyer 鈥?try to catch a concert, if you want to see the upstairs areas. We didn鈥檛 come close to seeing everything worth visiting in 3 days 鈥?so we鈥檒l be going back!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>Juli3G
<Content>Stylish B Hotel Spent a long weekend at the B Hotel. Very impressed with the modern design. Staff were excellent when asked about local facilities ie shopping, bars and restaurants. Breakfast was the best continental buffet I have had anywhere. A good walk to main centre, but enjoyable. The best feature was the rooftop pool and terrace area. The second best was the design of the bathroom. Thoroughly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AppyOlidee
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Hotel I just returned from a four night weekend break at the B Hotel in Barcelona and was delighted with the hotel. The rooms are typical boutique style with everything you could want - fantastic mood lighting, block-out curtains and ample storage - with superb bathroom - the shower was one of the best I have had, and the range of products provided extensive, including decent hairdryer! In contrast to other reviewers I did not find the window wall to the bathroom a problem as there was a ceiling to floor blind maintaining some privacy. Although the rooms are sound proofed, the main road outside is noisy and you can hear traffic at night. The pool is breathtaking - an infinity pool on the roof with lots of loungers and cushioned chairs. There is also internet access in the lobby which seems to be very popular, and wifi in the rooms if you have your own laptop. Reception very helpful for restaurant bookings in the city. Would highly recommend this hotel for singles, couples and families - great value for the price you pay.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>connectingvodka
<Content>Great design, poor staff Stayed here 3 nights on my first barcelona visit. It is one of the best designed hotel i have ever seen. Rooms,bathroom,terrace,bathroom amenities, everything was unique.Rooftop view was spectacular at night, however the swimming pool was way too small for a hotel with 80 rooms.Breakfast had a lot of choices, there were tapas, light food, cookies,pastries, all kinds of fruit juices and drinks. Plus, it was served till 11 oclock, which was good for late sleepers.Other than all the good things, hotel staff didnt really speak english, and the ones who spoke answered me back in Spanish. It is such a shame cos there were many american tourists at the hotel.Last day, i needed to use the so-called `business center` and it was a total dissapointment.First, the printer wasnt installed on the hotel computer so i had to bring my own laptop, and connect the printer.And then there were only a few sheets of paper in the printer and one side of them were already used,but they were turned back to the clean side,so when i tried to print a document, it was successfully printed on the used side of the papers. I am sure it is not so difficult for a hotel that charges the customers minimum 150Euros for a night to supply clean and unused papers and properly working computers for business center.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>snowcrash
<Content>Great Hotel. I would definitely stay here again. I stayed at the B-hotel in October of 2007 and had a great experience. The hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. Rooms were well designed and clean and spacious. Rooftop pool was great. I would definitely stay here again.It is located right on Placa Espanya and next to a metro stop.The breakfast was great and staff were efficient and friendly. For the price this is one of the best hotels in Barcelona.The hotel is a little noisy but this did not prevent me from sleeping well. The rooftop pool bar was not staffed, you must bring your own drinks.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>bhhandel
<Content>Great hotel, good location I travelled to Barcelona with a friend, and we chose this hotel mainly because it looked very different from your average hotel, we liked the boutique-style, and we got a very good deal on it through the airline.Had read some negative comments about the location, but to be honest, I don't know what they're on about. The hotel is on Plaza Espanya, you can see the metro station from the entrance, and using that, you get anywhere within minutes. We usually went out to eat in the Passeig De Gracia area, and walking back from there was no problem, it took us about 20 minutes, just following the Gran Via.The hotel decor is really something else, they've really made it look like something a lot more expensive than it really is. the bathrooms are quite something, we actually had to phone reception and get instructions on the shower taps. There were a few minor things like some scratches in the flooring and a couple of loose threads on the bedspread, but all in all the room was spacious, comfortable, well-presented and CLEAN.The overall feel of the hotel is that they do try to make an extra effort, for instance the toilets in the public areas all have real towels instead of paper tissues, and free internet access is provided. The rooftop pool is also quite something.The breakfast is not at all bad, but included more sweet pastries and cakes than real food, so most days we just had food from nearby cafes, or from the supermarket practically next door. We stayed for a week, and I'd be happy to go back at any time.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TheOracle
<Content>Its all about the roof-top pool...;)       Inisde bathroom...  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ksamwell
<Content>As good as it sounds It really is as good as it sounds. For 拢100 a night we got an executive room, a king size bed, small lcd screen, lovely bathroom with open plan feel. Cleaned every day, a few good freebies and a hairdryer was there for us. (Iron was on request.) The pool was lovely and was bigger than it looks on the pictures. The view was great, but will be so much nicer when the works on the old bull ring finish. (Again, not much noise from building work.) The breakfast was wonderful, great choice of hot and cold food. It was available up until 11am. Very useful for hangovers! The staff were friendly and tried to help but on a couple of occasions were not as clued up as we thought. None the less they did their best. Great location for everywhere in Barcelona. The metro system was so easy, and Barcelona seems small when walking. Oh yes, we had an interior room and it was very quiet. All in all a great time, for a great price.ps. a must, on your doorstep, the magic fountain, sounds crap but is great.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ereme
<Content>A place really worth staying! I have already stayed in this hotel a couple of times and also tried different hotels of the same category in Barcelona. This time I spent five nights and I must admit this is obvioulsy the best choice for a very decent cost. Rooms are clean and spacious, rather innovative in their design (with a rather sophisticated lightening system), staff is friendly, the roof with its tinny pool is a nice place to hang around, even despite the rehabilitation of the arenas facing the hotel. I would like to see the bar improved (it is not very cosy) and maybe a small restaurant would also be a good idea!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MariaCoimbra
<Content>Just wonderfull...just B-Hotel...       perfect place  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ljrslp
<Content>Cool Barcelona hotel B Hotel in Barcelona is a very cool place to stay. The rooms are very clean and modern as is the rest of the space. The roof top pool lounge was neat, and the hotel is right next to Placa Espanya, a major transport station, as well as the magic fountain light show at the base of Montjuic.We were there the end of August 2007 adn we had a great time. The hotel staff was very accomodating and helpful and the room service was very reasonably priced so that the night we flew in from NY we stayed in and ordered rom service even t hough we wouldn't normally do that. Only cons are that there is not much else of interest in the immediate area and there is no restaurant in the hotel - they do have breakfast daily but we were never up early enough for it.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>voetballerke28
<Content>A nice 'different' hotel in Barcelona !       View towards bathroom.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Tunes7
<Content>Great Hotel To go with the girlfriend I loved the hotel for several aspects. The first one and without a doubt the pool in the roof, with a view toward the Madrid square, a good place to make love. then second the room a simple but fine room, with a bathroom very fashion with a bathtub view to the bed....the personnel is simple and nice.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>JessieDublin
<Content>excellent but we moved on ! Based on the reviews and photos we booked the hotel for 3 nights beginning August. We were thrilled that the airport bus dropped us almost to the door and were very impressed with the minimalist decor of the foyer. Hung about the pool until room was ready. The terrace, pool area is slickly designed and in desperate need of greenery! Our room was lovely with comfy beds and kooky lighting, Nothing to complain about so whaddya do but pick holes!!!!! Check out the open shelves for wardrobes which WRECK the minimalist vibe! Spend three days trying to figure out how the lighting, shower blinds work. Marvel at the mis-positioning of the loo roll holders (one bad aim and the rolls get saturated!!) The lemon scented soap is to die for! So why did we pack our bags and move on to another hotel? We like to ramble and it is just too far to walk into the centre of town. We felt that although the hotel was super efficient and clean, it lacked soul, atmosphere. The reception areas are not welcoming and we never saw a soul sitting in the large empty spaces. I think the hotel is very good; perhaps a little clinical; maybe suitable for the business traveller who is less interested in soaking up a bit of atmosphere.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sarah-j-knight
<Content>Brilliant stay at B-hotel We have just got back from a 3 night stay in Barcelona and the city is fantastic but staying at this hotel made it even more memorable. It is only about a 20 minute taxi ride from the hotel (which cost around 20 euro) we were greeted by very helpful and polite staff. First reactions to the room...very modern, very clean and the views were brilliant. The definite highlight to this hotel is the terrace, luckily the weather was great and swimming on a roof whilst looking out over Barcelona was unbeatable. A perfect place to relax after a day walking around in the heat.We also had tapas in the hotel which was very nice and once again the staff were very helpful with translating some of the menu.The location is great, a metro station just over the road by the huge fountain on the Placa Espanya, there is also a tourist bus pick up too so everything is easily accessible.An added bonus was when we visited the casino, they asked us where we were staying and we got free entrance when we mentioned this hotel. What we saved of course went straight on the roulette wheel!I found this hotel great value for money and we will definitely be returning to this hotel when we go back to Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JLLondon
<Content>Stay Here! The good reviews of this hotel are completely justified.The location is excellent (10 mins walk from Las Ramblas and right next to Espanya metro stop), the roof top pool is a treat and the rooms are modern and very comfortable. The only thing I would say is that it is probably best to request a room at the back as the front is on a busy main road. That said, I dont think it's possible (or desirable) to find a hotel in Barcelona away from the hustle and bustle of the city- that's the fun of it!I loved Barcelona and this hotel made my trip even better- excellent value for money too!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Notfarfromyou
<Content>Great minimalist place, maximum experience (by Manuela and her mom) I stayed in the hotel with my mother and our stay was flawless. Very comfortable, friendly staff, great spacious bedrooms and wonderful pool environment. The location was spot on, as plaza Spanya is a couple of minutes away and it's close to one of the most dynamic commercial streets of Barcelona and the airport bus. Great value for a modern, no hassle environment. Best of all was the options for breakfast where there is consideration for diabetics and health-minded people. During our stay we noticed that the hotel was family friendly, gay friendly and also very appropriate for women travelers.If you are looking for a minimalist, high quality, design hotel a bit off reach from la Rambla craziness, then this is the place to be.A couple of minus: 1) the constructions around the hotel really takes away the feeling of convenience and sphere of the hotel environment. I'm sure when the construction is over, the hotel will be more visible. 2) The hotel bar should offer fancy cocktails and the cardio-fitness facilities (in project) should be offered very soon!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Broadens_the_mind
<Content>Great value Stylish place, nice people, luvverly rooftop pool, great location for the fair, decent breakfast. The aircon blew directly on me in bed, which was too cold, but otherwise it was a great experience. At that price I'd want to go back!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>whlsarah
<Content>Perfect Minibreak We went to Barcelona for a few days in May Half term and we were very very happy with our whole trip.The hotel itself is easy to get to- just a short taxi ride from the airport.The hotel has all the facilities you would expect and is very stylish for the price.The bed was extremely comfortable and once we had sorted out the temperature using the air conditioning we both had a great nights sleep.The bathroom was larger than we expected with both a bath and shower. There was plenty of hot water.I would agree with previous reviews that perhaps breakfast isn't the best value option here, but the atmosphere is great and there are plenty of different options. The hotel is just minutes from the Metro- very cheap and easy to use.Also close to Montjuic and the sights there. We walkd to the botanical garden then got a cable var to the beach.Beware the queues for the open top bus though- we bought tickets from the booth then when we got to the bus stop we found a long queue and had to wait for the third bus before we could get on.Overall a fantstic break- don't miss our favourite highlights: Park guell, the beach, Nou Camp, Architecture, tapas, sangria and pleanty of sunshine!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HarryBadger
<Content>Lovely hotel I stayed here with my significant other and we had a great time. The bed was huge, and very comfy. The room was clean and modern. We had fun trying to understand the lights as they are a touch random but overall it was very pleasent. Staff were friendly and helpful and spoke very good english, and the barman gave us the biggest single shots of jack daniels imaginable!The pool on the roof was a treat as well, although a bit cold when we were there!Great location, close to the transport links. I would advise getting a pass to use the trains, but i would also advise just walking around as its a beautiful city!Definitely recommended  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LeanneOxon
<Content>A really good hotel! My husband and i are just back from the b Hotel,barcelona, we stayed for 3 night and had a really fantastic time The majority of the reviews written on this hotel i agree with but there are a few that i feel are totally unfair and hence this reviewThe location of the hotel is very good you are within easy reach of all the major attractions either by a leisurely walk or by the metro (the stop is just opposite the hotel) there are various cafes etc along the way to stop for a refreshment if needed ! The noise we didn't find a problem YES there is a very busy road just outside but what do people expect you are in the middle of a city! and the double glazing is very good, i suppose it is what you are used to!we found the staff very friendly and helpful. we arrived at around 11am to be told that a double room wasn't yet ready but if we wanted to wait till around 1pm then a double room would be available (bearing in mind most hotels in britain don't allow you to check in till 2 or 3pm)the receptionist took our case and sure enough when we returned at around 12.30 our Double room was ready!Overall i would recommend this hotel if you like modern deisgn for a reasonable price in a good location !  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JoshuaSims
<Content>Hip hotel. B-Hotel was decent .. Ok location, easy to find, and easy to tell a cab driver where it was. It was hip without being painful. Loved the room, and the service, while still Spanish, was better than other hotels I've stayed at in Barcelona. (maybe because the girl I delt with the most was German.) Did it make my trip special ... no, Outside the room itself, a Chic'er copy of the Hilton in Athens, ... the so so attitude of the staff really kept you on edge as to what you might have to deal with if you really needed them ... Lucky for us I didnt. This being my 8th trip to Barcelona all I needed was a place to lay my head ... The room more than delivered there. Everything worked and did it in a modernist .. cool . way ... So maybe not the best hotel for first timers, or shoppers .. but good if you love the city ... like design, and know what you are doing in Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BenDoha
<Content>For a three-star hotel: fantastic I was attending a conference in Barcelona and thought it would be nice to stay at a boutique hotel instead of a SheraMarriHiltoCon. This place got good reviews on this site so thought I'd check it out. This place hits way above above its 3-star category. Not quite the same level of service as the big chains, but otherwise on all other aspects not far off. I recommend this place for both business and holiday travelers.Pros:- Free, fast, always-working internet connection in rooms. Sweet!- Trendy decor, recently done- 5 minute walk to Montjuic (with the excellent national museum MNAC, Miro museum, others)- 15-20 minute walk to Rambles- Excellent breakfast- Roof-top pool and deck - the perfect way to wrap up the afternoonCons:- Too few staff, and those it has are a bit hit and miss- If you want to be smack bang in town (ick) not for you- Minimalist decor borders on spartan- Road noiseGod I love Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>worldtrekkers
<Content>Fun design - comfortable It's pretty hard to go wrong with the B Hotel. The location puts you just a few Metro stops away from the center of the action (which is a good distance to be!). More interestingly, the hotel offers a truly unique design perspective. We uncovered a number of refreshingly unusual elements during our short stay. Worth checking out and booking if you've found a rate that works for you.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Chee+Bashu
<Content>Great Price for what you get It's 3 star hotel but inside is really like 5 star, very good price and if you don't mind not staying middle of the city. This is the place to stay. It takes 30-40 min to centre of the city or 5 -10 min metro ride. My husband  I love walking around the city so it was very nice wondering around towards the city centre.Hotel staff can be little more helpful but wasn't bad at all.Room is amazing and spotless clean, very contemporary, walking distance to Barcelona Contemporary Museum and it's worth visit if you like Contemporary Art.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>travitin
<Content>Fantastic pool! I loved the B Hotel predominantly for the pool area! I stayed here end May/beginning June 2006 and the pool was a great place to relax after a hard 1/2 day of sightseeing! The location is a bit out of the action and we always took the metro to get into the centre of town. There is not much around the hotel so we had breakfast at the hotel (a fairly standard, hotel-price, continental style). The rooms are good and very spacious but some of the room interiors and communal hallways are little scruffy. The room cleaning was also a hit and miss. It's a great price for the facilities but a little out of town for me as I prefer to avoid public transport when on holiday.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Moondahgi
<Content>Loved the B Hotel The B Hotel was an exceptional hotel for the price. I have OCD and am Germ-a-phobic and would NEVER stay in a place that wasn't A+. I read other tripadviser reviews and absolutely agree that this is a FANTASTIC hotel. Great location to the underground that takes you all over the city and to the airport.The room was HUGE (especially as we had just come from London where our hotel room was the size of a closet). There was a flat screen t.v. with internet access (cheap) inside of the room. We had a large sunken bathtub and a large, modern shower. We danced around the room to Spanish music before catching the underground metro to the beach (p.s. eat at Nirvana and sip green tea while watching the sunset (my 6 year old son play ing on the beach among the topless american college girls was interesting).The staff was fantastic and super-helpful at B-Hotel and the only thing that might upset super-sensitive people is that if you have a room closer to the old bull fighting ring...then you might feel the underground...we didn't..but the cleanliness FAR surpasses the inconvenience of the noise.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rachlikesrhythm
<Content>Fab, modern hotel in great location! We stayed at this hotel in August 2005 (took me a while to get round to writing this review!) and we really struggled to find information on it before we went, hence I thought I'd make sure to write something!The hotel is very modern and fresh - it had not been open long when we visited and still had areas to be completed but this did not impact on our stay at all!The rooftop pool is amazing and the only thing that the hotel lacked in our eyes was a decent bar up there to complete the area. There are plenty of sunbeds and furniture but please don't dive in the deep end as this is just a splash pool! The water goes almost to the edge of the roof held in by a glass wall, not recommended for people with a fear of heights!The location of the hotel is excellent - being right opposite an underground station and just round the corner from the Magic Fountains and the Olympic area.Please make sure you use the underground network as we were worried about this originally but once we took the plunge we found the service was really reliable, easy to use and very cheap! (There is a day rider ticket that was around 6 euros!)The room was cool and well thought out - with edgy decor and the funkiest bathroom I've seen in a long time!This is definitely not the place to stay if you're looking for a hotel full of history but if you're looking for a sleek city base with friendly staff in a great location just out of town, B-Hotel will be ideal!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prahaman
<Content>Overrated but satisfactory I booked this hotel because I like modern design hotels and I need wifi access. This one had good ratings on this website. But apart from the design, the amenities, and the reasonable price, I would have preferred to stay closer to the center. I'm only giving it a 4 rather than 3 because the wifi really worked in the rooms and it often doesn't.the hotel has a nice big bed, even for a single, a deluxe bathroom with bath tub, and an incomprehensible hi-tech lighting system that works to satisfaction after you have pushed all the buttons a few times, using all possible combinations, on the three sets of controls scattered around the room. but I found myself asking why i didn't like this hotel better. I decided that the brown and grey color scheme wasn't too cheerful and everything combined made the hotel feel to sterile. Also, the location sucks for tourists. It is close to a metro but not within an easy walk to any noteworthy tourist destination, restaurants or nightlife. It is at least a 40 minute walk to place de catalunya and nothing that interesting along the way. 20 minutes will get you to Eixample. After the metro closes you have to count on 7euros cabfare to go pretty much anywhere in the center. Many people complain about the breakfast, but hotel breakfasts are one of my pet peeves. I don't want to pay 12鈧?for something i could get for 4鈧?by walking 2 minutes down the street, so i always ask if it is continental breakfast, buffet, or omelettes, etc. The front desk manager said you can choose. But when actually went down to the breakfast the next morning, i just saw a big spread of cold cuts, lots of nice croissants, rolls, bread, etc and a big selection of drinks, yougurt and cereal including a diet breakfast section. So I asked the waitress if there were omelettes and she said scrambled or omelette? So that was quite alright -- but you have to ask in spanish, they don't speak english!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	3	3	5	5	

<Author>boricuajetsetter
<Content>Great Value We stayed at the B-Hotel for 3 nights and the rooms were great for the price (95 EUR). The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was really nice and the bath products were very nice. The rooms are decorated very nicely also. The staff was very friendly and nice. I left my cell phone in the taxi and the front desk helped me contact the taxi companies. The location is great because you can walk though the Gran Via, Plaza Espana is literally next to the hotel and it's a great site to see at night. There is also a metro next to the hotel and bus stops. I recommend the bus because you get to see more of the city. I also recomend the breakfast at the hotel. For 12 Euros is not bad. A nice selection of fruit, cereals, cheese, ect. Also great selection of juices, coffee, ect. And for us Americans, we always appreciate free refills in Europe!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jones143
<Content>Great Experience I agree with all the positive feedback that has already been written. A very funky hotel which is very well situated. There is initially lots of fun playing with the light switch and trying to find out how everything works. The Bathroom isn't a problem, as long as you find the switch for the blinds. Th only complaint is that the breakfast was a bit over ppriced for what it was, a very nice breakfast but not worth 12 euros, especially when spain is so cheap in general (compared to the UK anyway). The beds are very comfy and we had no problem with noise at all. Overall a very good value hotel.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>HelenaAthens
<Content>Not thrilled Just returned from a 11-nights stay at B.The pros:- Tastefully decorated- Spacious, spotless and comfortable rooms- The bed was absolutely great!!- The location: a minute walk from Placa Espanya and the metro station, and less than 15min. to Montjuic-but 30 min walk to the Placa Catalunya and the centre...The cons:- The noise from the street and the building site that is right in front of the hotel entrance. It was impossible to sleep after 08.30 am.- The breakfast buffet: way overpriced for the quantity and quality. And beware: be sure to go to the breakfast room in time, because at 11:00 sharp the hotel staff will remove everything from the buffet quicker than you can say b.- The staff: some of them were ok, but most of them seemed almost annoyed to see us... -And a personal experience: at check out, i noticed that we had been charged for the stay more than the price of the booking. It was quickly corrected, but...- The lights were a problem for us, too, but we maneged to overcome it (we did spend 11 nights at the hotel, after all)Overall i would say it was ok, but if i were to go back to Barcelona (which is an amazing place to be, by the way), i would look again. The variety of medium priced design hotels is large in Barcelona, and i am sure there are better choices,  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	2	3	3	

<Author>AWMidlands
<Content>RE: Not for the discerning traveller We arrived in Barcelona on the 23rd December 2006. We booked to stay in the 鈥淗otel B鈥濃€攄escribed as a 鈥渂outique style hotel鈥?that had come highly recommended by many travellers who had stayed there. Upon our arrival we were impressed by the d茅cor but surprised to find the place dark and somewhat devoid of life. We were greeted with a nervous laugh from the receptionist who tried to make light of the fact that we were one of the few guests staying in the hotel. 鈥淣ever mind鈥? we said in true British fashion, 鈥渢here鈥檚 always the pool鈥濃€斺€渋t鈥檚 closed for repairs鈥?she replied. 鈥淥h well鈥? we retorted, 鈥渢here鈥檚 still the sauna鈥濃€斺€渢hat鈥檚 closed too鈥?she replied and laughed nervously again. We had e-mailed the hotel beforehand and explained how much we were looking fwd to using these facilities but at no time did they make mention of such repairs. We checked into our room, which was well appointed and clean. We relaxed for a little while and then headed down to the hotel bar, only to find it closed (at 10pm). The receptionist quickly urged one of the staff to open up and serve us a drink. At this point we still managed to maintain our composure and thought we鈥檇 head out into the city to find a bar. We walked for 2 minutes down the road and stumbled upon a bar that we later found to be unsafe. Given the limited facilities in the hotel (all we had was a room) and the safety factor in the local area we decided to cut short our stay.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>Cambridge_Student
<Content>100+ positive reviews can't be wrong! B-Hotel has been (almost) unanimously highly acclaimed by most reviewers. Should that give the reader enough comfort? I am tempted to say yes, and you can count me among those guests who really enjoyed their stay at the B. We were there from 28/12 to 1/1. Price was ok for the category, except for New Year鈥檚 Eve, which was a whooping 85% above the hotel鈥檚 low-season rate. Everything positive and negative has already been written by others. I can only add a little:- Location: scary at first sight, because it overlooks a massive traffic roundabout (Espa帽a) which dwarfs the 脡toile in Paris and the nearby Arenas which are being rebuilt, the rooms are well insulated acoustically, and we got a good night鈥檚 rest without earplugs. But don鈥檛 expect a quiet environment after 9am. And yes, you can hear the slamming of neighbouring doors and the chatter in the corridors.- Connections: two minutes walk to the Aerobus stop; one minute walk to the metro, which takes you to the bustling Rambla in less than 10mins without changing lines; Montjuic is in walking distance; I really don鈥檛 understand people who complain.- Facilities: free Internet perfect to check local info; pool was closed (fancy a swim on 31/12?); lobby stylishly cold; breakfast ok but overpriced for the quality (鈧?2), which might compel you to overfeed to break even.- Rooms: like so many before, I didn鈥檛 manage to grasp the functioning of the lighting system, but it was fun to try, for a short while! Lesson to be learned: don鈥檛 install fancy equipment in your own home. The bed cover looked, in some places, as if it had suffered a close encounter with a cat's claws, but the mattress and the pillows were soft as foam cream. A delight.- Bathroom: the glass cubicle is really not an issue, since you can 鈥渃lose鈥?it with shades, once you have found the switch! Part of the game, I guess. The sliding door to the loo (which is enclosed in the bathroom) was missing in our room! If privacy/intimacy is an issue for the room occupants, the bathroom is sub-par. Shame, because the design is very nice and pluming of superior quality.- Staff: very positive experience. On arrival, we were given a twin, which I didn鈥檛 like. Changing rooms was dealt with swiftly.Overall, despite a pricey tag (conditioned by the season) and some minor minuses, I warmly recommend the B-Hotel for a young and/or design conscious clientele with a mid-range budget.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bigapplered
<Content>Great location and stylish hotel Had a great 3 night stay at the B-Hotel after returning to Barcelona following a cruise in the Med. Check in was easy and the staff all spoke perfect English. We had to drop off our bags as we arrived early (around 10am) and our room wasn't ready, so we did a little sightseeing and came back later in the afternoon.We had a room overlooking Gran Via on the executive floor. It is a very modern and stylish hotel, similar in style to a W hotel, but very affordable. The bed was comfortable and the room was nicely furnished. As others have said, the lights take a little getting used to, but it was fine once you figured out the system.The roof deck is very nice, although it was a little cold for swimming when we were there. They were actually having a photo shoot when we were up there for a fashion magazine. It's a great location at Plaza de Espanya with easy access to the metro as well as the Airport Bus. A great deal for a great hotel in a great city. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Fi_82
<Content>Great stylish hotel My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights in October. As soon as we arrived we loved it - it is very stylish and is immediately different from your average tourist hotel. The staff were very helpful and welcoming adding to the good first impression.The room was great - lots of space, a huge bed, plus a sofa. We liked the glass box bathroom and all the funky lighting settings. Only downside of the room was the shower which flooded the whole bathroom on several occasions!Unfortunately the weather wasn't great when we were there so we couldn't make full use of the roof terrace but I imagine its great when the sun is shining. It is right on a busy road so the views are exactly picturesque but its impressive nonetheless.I would definitely recommend the B-hotel for a relaxed, stylish city break.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>a9zn
<Content>Recommend w/o reservation               
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>miroslav55
<Content>Fine hotel... Very appropriate Good hotel with very nice facilities and quite clean.. At the price we paid it was very good value but I would not say the same if I paid the price on the back of the door. I liked the food and the location was verg good altough I had looked forward to walking the ramblas more easily. The staff were very competent and efficient but not neccessarily friendly.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Design_Addict
<Content>Beyond expectation I stayed at B Hotel for 3 days. I wanted to stay on design hotel, I had many choices, but I decided to stay in this hotel for the value they offered the moment I visited Barcelona.LOCATIONPRO:This hotel located near Placa d' Espana (about 3 min walking), Montjuic area (the Olympic area), which is nice. The city itself is really worth the visit. The Metro station is near, the tourist info is also so close, the official tourist bus terminal is also on that location. Next to the hotel, I think they are building a matador arena. There are two OpenCor (grocery) nearby that open 24hr.CON:Being so close to the Metro station, you can feel the Metro running under you, even when you are at the 4th floor (this is where I was staying). Also, the area is not a very lively area (unlike Placa Cataluna). Everything is pretty much close, even restaurants are only open on a specific time (8pm -11pm). Even the hotel doesn't serve anything past 11pm. So, it's a bit hard to find food, although I did have a chance to dine at a very nice restaurant for a nice Paella nearby the area (ask the receptionist for advise). Another thing to consider, there is only 1 Money Exchange at the nearby hotel, so prepare to change your money first, since this hotel only accept euros.HOTEL  ROOMPRO:GREAT. Let me say it again GREAT design. It was spacious. The details are pleasently considered. You get the feel of modern art, and modern technology. The light switchs are hi-tech with stainless steel. They use a lot stainless steel in their design style, that makes this hotel a contemporary minimalis. I was awed with all the details they put in the design of the hotel. Even the bathroom blind uses switch to open and close. The placement of the lighting are perfect, gives you a soft, relaxing, and comfort environment. The Hotel itself has some unique nice smell. I got a room with a nice view, overlooking the Gran Via and Placa d'Espana from the little terrace in the room. The top floor supposed to have a terrace with a really nice view of the area, unfortunately it was closed for renovation when I stayed there. Overall impression of the room...WOW!CON:not much, just u can feel the vibration of the Metro going underground and the bathroom is not totally covered, they are only separated by a glass and there is a blind which you can close. And the side, there is a semi transparant green glass that separated the bathroom and the aisle. It was okay, just don't feel like there was total privacy when you take a bath. If you are couples this will be perfect. ;)SERVICEIt was okay. Well, more than enough, the staffs were really nice and friendly. They were very helpful, and they speak English fluently. The only drawback was that I had to carry my bag myself as there was nobody from the staff offered to carry my bag to my room nor when I checked out. Other than that, it's good service. They are really good at advising their guest to get around Barcelona.VALUEI booked this hotel for 鈧?00/night include breakfast AND a welcome cava. THIS IS AMAZING, consider the kind of place you are staying and what you get by staying here. Can't get any better.OVERALL CONCLUSIONI really recommend this hotel to anyone who visit Barcelona. I myself for my next visit might want to stay somewhere closer to the Placa Cataluna (They have sister hotels like Jazz and Soho), depend on the promotion they will be having.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Ms_Minka
<Content>Oh so sexy! My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon in July, and we loved it so much we didn't want to leave!If a great sense of style and design for an affordable price is what you like, then I would definitely recommend this HotelIt was only a 15 euro taxi ride from the airport, and situated overlooking the magnificent Plaza Espana, which is just a couple of metro stops from the bustling tourist centre of La Rambla. The staff were very friendly and accommodating, and the reception area was simple and chic. The rooms are amazing in design - spacious with a beautiful colour scheme, with the bathroom glassed off with an electronic blind that allows you to bathe while overlooking your room (or someone in the room overlooking you!) I was a little concerned about the idea of 2 single beds making up a double, but it is done in such a way that the only thing you notice is how HUGE the bed ends up being - which my husband loved!The pool area, while not being huge, was still large enough to enjoy hot summers afternoon's lazing around sunbathing, reading, and ordering up bottles of white wine. All in all, a definite find! Would love to go back next summer!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gloucs
<Content>The B captures the style of Barcelona Very comfortable, spacious room (superior room) and a good hotel for the price. Receptionists were excellent, being both friendly and helpful. Breakfast was very varied and well laid out, with service good. It's a pity there is no restaurant in the hotel of an evening and few in this district ( Plaza Espanya) to choose from, although a small selection of Tapas bars nearby. Need to walk into the centre about 20mts or ten on the Metro. (Excellent transport facilities in Barcelona , efficient, safe and clean.) The arena building (old Bullring) next door, once finished, could improve facilities in this area however. It seemed a safe area to walk around at night and out of the bustle of the Ramblas, so location has its pros and cons but hotel itself was very good value. I would say the B hotel reflects the style of Barcelona quite well !  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>LanaP
<Content>Wonder Stay at B Hotel This hotel will not dissapoint. My friend and I had a wonderful experience at B. The hotel is boutique modern style. The staff was very friendly and helpful with absolutely every request we made. I'm a stickler for cleanliness and the hotel and rooms were kept spotless. The beds are incredibly comfortable, it was like sleeping on a cloud. They have internet service in two locations which was very convenient and also provide lovely gels, soaps, toothbrushes, etc.. in the rooms. The Bathrooms are very funky with an overall spa-like atmosphere. We stayed there in June and at that time they were just starting to build a mall directly across the street. We were concerned about noise but never heard a thing. The breakfast which costs about 12 euros was well worth it. They offer a very wide selection from fresh fruits and juices to meats and cheeses to cereals and yogurts and breads. Great way to start the morning! I highly recommend this hotel. My only complaint (which is not a big deal) is the lighting. It's very dim, and for women, it was hard at times to style hair and put on makeup.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>spt3
<Content>A touch of class without the price tag!       Rooftop  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Innocent_Criminal
<Content>Fantastic Value My Girlfriend and I stayed at the B-Hotel for 4 nights and i have to say the hotel did not disappoint at all. For a 3 star hotel in a central location of a major and trendy European city we got our money's worth and then some. The location is not too touristy but that鈥檚 fine because of the proximity of the metro which is only few stops from the touristy center. And the connection to the airport via the Aerobus is easy, quick and cheap.The hotel's design is very modern and definitely not cheap looking. Sure it lacks the final finish but this is not a 5 star hotel. It has some cool gimmicks that you would never find in a hotel within the price range in Paris, London, and Amsterdam etc. Such as the automatic lights in the hall or the LEDs in the elevator. Not to mention the very cool pool on the top floor, room  bathroom design, LCD TV etc. The only drawbacks are views of the rooms, which are non-existent, the very late check-in (15:00) and the breakfast is definitely not worth the money. While the staff is not top-notch we did not have any problems with them. And the free Internet on the bottom and 1st floor is a major plus. As long as the B-Hotel keep their prices (I paid 鈧?30 for a double through easyhotels.com) then I would definitely come back again. It was a real pleasure for a romantic holiday.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jeznfu
<Content>Overall a good experience SERVICEWe found it really good, however when we were there one of the guests had an argument with one of the staff about a misbooking. All staff speak very good English and are friendly and helpful.COSTI found it less expensive to book directly with the hotel. I think it was a pretty reasonable price at 130 euros per night for my wife and myself. Don't forget that you get charged an extra 7% tax on top of the room rate.CLEANLINESSExcellent throughout. It was spotless, although there was a slight smell of cigarette smoke in our room which was hardly noticeable.LOCATION / TRAVELAs the other reviewers have said the hotel location is at placa espanya. Easy to get to from the airport. Costs about 25 euros by taxi or about 4 euros by aerobus. The metro (underground / tube) is about 3 minutes walk away, just the other side of the old bull ring (the conversion from a bull ring to a shopping centre has been designed by a UK architect who also designed Madrid airport...). The tourist bus goes from just the other side of the roundabout which is about 3 minutes walk away.Get an all inclusive ticket from one of the official tourist stalls before you leave the airport. They cover travel by aerobus, metro, tourist bus and give discounts for entry to attractions.The hotel is next to a main road and construction is still going on at the bull ring so opt for an upper room.Make sure you get to see the fountain display just across the road which starts around 7pm - ask at reception.FOOD AND DRINKThere is no tea or coffee making facilities in the room. Bummer. However there is a supermarket just down the street where you can get bits and bobs. The hotel offers breakfast at 12 euros, but no lunch or dinner. They have a pretty funky bar as well, but we didn't drink there. Try the maoz bars ([--]) for lunch as they are really tasty and keep you going at 4 euros a shot.FACILITIESThere are eight floors to the hotel. If you can, stay on floor seven as they have larger rooms and are really comfortable. Floor eight is the pool area which is great! You can see around the placa from there.If you smoke try to stop, but failing that there is a balcony to each room where you can go to feed your desire. If you do, I hope you don't suffer from vertigo as the balcony is about 18 inches wide with a glass side.The rooms have flat screen TVs, but why would you want to watch TV in Barcelona? They also have mini bars and a fridge. The bathrooms are very X-Men - magneto like in their tiling but very well done. The shower sprays water over the back of the bath so watch out for that.We would stay there again, and I think we probably will.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Tonksy
<Content>A Fun Change We chose the B-Hotel on the basis of the reviews in TripAdvisor - well done fellow travellers!The Hotel is modern and clean - and whilst we had trouble finding the front door (sliding wooden panel amongst all the glass) and struggled a bit with the lights in the room (too many possible combinations) - we would definately stay again.The location was great - and even being right by a building site (They are turning the old bullring into a shopping /entertainment centre) and the Placa Espanya it wasn't noisy. We had a great corner room lots of space and a huge bed. The shower got water everywhere - but once I remembered it wouldn't be me mopping it up it was cool!The rooftop pool / relax area was fantastic for a sunset beer and snackTea and Coffee in the room and the bar opening after 11pm would have given it an excellent score.We didn't do breakfast in the hotel (12 Euros each was a bit steep) but went along the Grand Via towards the centre - two blocks down for a great coffee, juice and fresh croissant. The food / beer / service at the Suarna Restaurant - cross over the Grand Via and head for the blue lights - was great too and full of locals which is always a good sign.We bought the Barcelona Bus Tour (not Bus Turistic) and the Barcelona Card via Expedia at the same tome as paying for the hotel - good move. The vouchers can be redeemed in the airport info desk and a new bus route (no 46) goes from terminal B of the airport to the Placa Espanya and is included in the Barcelona Card which also gives you loads of money off offers and free stuff.The Barcelona Bus goes from Placa Espanya and the voucher can be redeemed on board - there are less buses than the Bus Turistic - but the route is simpler and has less people on board as a result!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PG77
<Content>Fantastic Hotel for 拢60 a night Stayed here for two nights in June with my girlfriend, B-hotel was easy to get to from the Saints Rail station, either on the metro (stop is 100 metres away from the front door) or 5 minutes in a taxi (taxi rank is just as close). The hotel is quite far from the main tourist drag but that's no bad thing, 10 minutes on the metro and you're right in the main city centreThe other reviewers are right, the decor and presentation of the hotel are way above what I would expect for the price. It sounded a bit too good to be true but I trsuted the reviews on here and was not disappointed!The rooms are clean, big enough for a city hotel and very modern, the light switches are a bit confusing, but by no means detract from the overall experience. The bathroom with the electric shutters was a nice touch, there's even a phone in the toilet, though quite why I'm not too sure!The rooftop pool is a real treat, we arrived on a Monday afternoon and it was deserted, a quick call downstairs to room service and ice cold beers and snacks were on the way up, perfect!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>minibargrrl
<Content>Awesome Hotel, Sexy room, great service       The two of us in "B" lobby  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>PetorianCitizen
<Content>Great modern hotel - Convenient, quiet location; friendly helpful staff. We stayed four nights at B-Hotel in late September and thouroughly enjoyed it. Easy to get to from the airport - when the airport bus stops at Plaza Espana, B-Hotel's checkered facade catches the eye immediately.We arrived on a mid-afternoon flight, so I was concerned when we were told that our room wasn't ready. As it turned out, I needn't have worried - the reason for the delay was that the very pleasant staff were upgrading us to a superior room. Room 203 was spacious and clean. The layout and decor may not be to everyone's taste, but we loved it. The glass bathroom definately makes sharing a room at B-Hotel an intimate experience. The shower was great, and there were some ok bath products (though be sure to bring your own toothpaste - the hotel's mini tube is not what I'd call minty fresh). The lighting's a bit tricky at first, but manageable. The LCD TV is a bonus, witha couple of English language news channels.We didn't eat at the hotel. Ramlas and the old town are just 10 minutes away on Barcelona's excellent metro, with a station (Espana) just 5 minutes away from the hotel. The short hop to one of the cafes (try Croisanterie del Pi) for coffee and pastries was a pleasure.Overall, we loved B-Hotel and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jennn721
<Content>Overall Good Experience Overall, we really enjoyed B-hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was fairly spacious, and it was in a great location. I had been worried about noise from the street and construction as I am a light sleeper, but we were on the 7th floor (the top floor) and I never had any problem. The lights were a bit confusing but we eventually figured it out and the blinds in the bathroom were fun to play with. The only problem was that occasionally the bathroom would have this funky smell to it, almost like a cross between cleaning solution and sewage. Sometimes at night the smell would get worse and it became quite an annoyance, which will probably prevent us from ever staying at the B-hotel again. Overall though, the B-hotel was great and nobody else seems to have had a sewage smell problem- so maybe it was just our room.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Dani-F
<Content>Cool hotel, great value Very nice in every way, cool decor, definitely above usual 3 star standard, we're used to 4 or 5 star hotels and this fit the bill. Roof top pool and bar area is lovely and amazing views, go up at sunset as the lights on the huge fountain nearby go on. Not central but right across from metro station and on bus route, travel is no problem and I'm a great believer in not having to walk, save that for Las ramblas! Do not miss the light and music show at the magic fountains round the corner, very memorable.Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Pharang
<Content>Lovely hotel, very funky Stayed here in June 06 for 4 nights after 4 nights in Madrid. Chose this hotel as we wanted a little luxury after staying in a lovely 2 star in Madrid.We arrived at the hotel at 8am (after getting off the overnight Madrid to Barcelona train). Check in was at 2pm but they said our room was ready so we were able to check in immediately.Front desk staff speak perfect english and are very polite and helpful. (The room service staff who took the order didn't speak that great english or my pronunciation of the spanish terms was very bad!).Location about 50m from Espa帽a metro station. Right next to the bull ring which they are converting into a shopping mall (don't worry you won't hear any construction noise - in the four days we were there they didn't appear to do any work!)The hotel pool on the roof is fab if you just want to very gently swim while looking over the city. The view is very cool. This is not a hotel for children, it is definitely a couples place.The room was very cool. Huge bed and i mean huge - you could easily get lost in it. Flat screen plasma tv with lots of english channels, lovely big couch, there is a safe and air conditioning, fresh towels and sheets daily and a fridge. View wasn't so great from the room but we weren't really looking out that window, spent more time on the roof terrace or out sight seeing. Bathroom very swish but, not a practical design, when having a shower remove the towels from their location at the back of the bath as the water travels round the ledge and will soak them, also you may want to put a water blocker at the end of the shower screen too...you'll see what i mean when in the shower! (there is a mini supermarket close by for bits and pieces just turn left when you walk out of the hotel.)The bus to the airport also leaves only 50 metres away from the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Needinfo1
<Content>Impressive little place       The pool/deck  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Daveaisy
<Content>A great place to stay We have just returned from a two night mini break in Barcelona and stayed in the Hotel B, is was fantastic and wish we could have stayed longer; would definately reccoment this hotel. It has all the facilities you need and all faultless. Great +++++.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lettucefire
<Content>great city base the hotel is very nice, great for a city break. The location is great if you want to be away from the ramblas and the middle of the city. We stayed for 3 nights over the grand prix weekend and it is only about a 15-20 min walk from the nearest Renfe service to the circuit. There are plenty of good tapas restaurants nearby. It's also only 30 minute bus journey from the airport and it stops right near the hotel for a few euros. If you like a more chic city hotel this is for you, glass bathroom, flat screen tv etc. I read plenty of reviews before going about the lights being complicated and it did take a while to figure out. The toilet light near the bed is a great idea. I couldn't get a wifi signal and disappointingly the pool  bar upstairs was closed which would have been nice to see. The staff are friendly but when we were there the hotel was v quiet and a bit soul less. all in all I'd go again .. breakfast is very good too.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	3	1	

<Author>BrooklynTraveler10
<Content>Nice-Looking Hotel but Way Too Many Drawbacks We were very disappointed in the B-Hotel. Yes, it is very sleek and modern-looking, but they sacrifice convenience and comfort for this modern look. Who wants a bathroom that you can see through and hear everything out of? And the lights, while not that hard to figure out, were definitely more annoying than clever. Some of the problems: Our phone didn't work the first night we were there and no one could figure out what to do, not even a manager, even though the problem could apparently be remedied by three keystrokes into the computer downstairs; there are no clocks anywhere in the room and the front desk did not give us the wake up call we'd asked for (even though we went downstairs and asked personally, and in fluent Spanish) so we almost missed our flight home; there is constant construction going on outside and while it's not too loud to sleep through for a girl like me from New York City, it was annoying to hear jackhammering early in the morning; the hotel does not have an operating restaurant or bar (unless it was just closed for August?) and the neighborhood's choices are pretty bleak - you have to take the Metro if you want to eat somewhere nice.We booked B-Hotel because the great reviews here on Tripadivsor made it seem like we'd be getting a great hotel for a cheap price, but I was very disappointed: $120 a night might not be a lot for a hotel in Barcelona, but it's too much to pay for a hotel with so many inconveniences that's located in a neighborhood you can't have fun wandering around in after dinner.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	3	2	2	

<Author>Sticks77
<Content>Very nice Great hotel. Modern, clean  very accommodating staff. We arrived at 7 am  were provided a room with cot for 2 yr old son straight away. Roof top pool great particularly for steamy Spanish July's. Quite a walk to attractions such as La Rambla but metro station  double decker tour bus stops across the road.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>willic
<Content>Kool place, Ideal location Once you've figured out how to get inside (via the sliding door !)you'll find a chic boutique hotel that represents good value for money. The staff were really helpful, the rooms were trendy and spacious (and the lights are intriguing!) and the pool area is great for chilling out after a hard days sight seeing.The hotel is in a sound location - you can either walk to certain sights or get the metro that's 2 mins walk away to any other area of the city. Its also in the best spot possible for the lights, fountains and firework shows that are held 3 times a week - these are really breathtaking and romantic and all just 5 mins walk from the front door on the approach to the art museum.To get to the hotel from the airport just jump on the 'aerobus' which takes you to the 'placa espanyol' - from here just head towards the bull ring thats being renevated and the hotels right next to it - this will cost you about 拢4 each (we even got a return to go back to the airport and get the hire car so we didn't have to pay for parking in Barcelona).All in all a good place that we had no complaints about!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maudesjp
<Content>Fabulous fortnight at B-Hotel We stayed at B Hotel in July for two weeks with our two children aged 19 + 15 to celebrate a family birthday and had a wonderful time. The staff were at all times courteous, efficient and helpful. The beds were very comfortable. Yes, they are two singles pushed together but this was not a problem in any way. We had requested a quiet room and indeed it was. I think the back rooms are quieter than the front rooms which overlook the main road. There is the odd rumble from the metro but it did not disrupt our sleep and was barely noticeable. There was a good choice at breakfast time of rolls, croissants, fruit, ham cheese etc. Coffee was not great. The pool is not very deep but provides a refreshing soak at the end of the day. There is MASSES to see in Barcelona. We were there for two weeks and still did not see everything. Highlights were 'Magic Fountains' at Plaza Espanya just round the corner from hotel. Barcelona Pavillion by Mies van der Rohe also near hotel. Parc Guell and of course all the Gaudi buildings. The Joan Miro gallery and surrounding gardens near Montjuic (40 mins walk from hotel).The beaches are great too. Particularly the ones near Avenue Diagonal (about 40mins on metro)  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>laurabeebs
<Content>Contemporary and Cool! Just what you need in a fab city!       View from pool area  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Nanda326
<Content>More like the C-hotel- And don't fly British Airways!!!!! So, my best friend and I have planned a trip to Barcelona for five months. I read some great reviews about this hotel on tripadvisor and decided to book it for a few reasons. One, the room was fairly cheap and I heard that it wasn't too far from the city center to worry about transportation. But, BEWARE!... while the hotel itself is nice and modern there are a few setbacks. First, the severly non-chalant attitude of the front desk is particularly frustrating. British airways lost our luggage [do not fly this airline! They have lost thousands of bags since the terror scare and they are doing nothing to accomodate those who are without clothes, medication, toilettries, etc-my friend and I had to buy all that stuff in Barcelona when we should have been sightseeing and buying souvennairs] and we informed the front desk that we were expected our luggage-if found- to be dropped off at the hotel. They wrote this down and took note of our unfortunate situation. We spent FOUR nights at the hotel and on the morning we checked out- they forgot to give us a wake up call, therefor we almost missed our flight to Malaga AND when I told them that my luggage was still missing, they all of a sudden remembered that luggage HAD BEEN delivered- it's was my friend's. They had it for TWO days and did not tell us. Even after we specifically told them that we were expecting our luggage. What did we get for an apology....a shrug of the shoulder and a oh, sorry about that. Totally not acceptable. Now, the hotel is located five minutes from the city center. The metro is a three minute walk and the airbus from the airport stops at the square where the hotel is located. Cabs are anywhere from 10-12 euro depending on where you're going. Oh, and the lights are -- to figure out and they don't believe is clocks. That is why we almost missed our flight besides the complete incompetance of the front desk. Don't stay here unless you absolutely have to. There is no night life and there is construction every morning outside of the hotel at the bullring. B- hotel is a BUST.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>amcc80
<Content>Liked the decor Rooms were nice and very clean. We stayed in room 201 which had absolutely no view so it was just as well. We also hired a car for the three days we were there as the hotel advertised parking under facilities on their website - however it did not state that this was at a cost of 鈧?5/ night which exceeded the cost of the car. We found staff to be generally unhelpfull.Also the noise and vibration of the underground could be heard and felt in hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>RalphK
<Content>Cool,Calm, Comfortable We loved our stay at the B-Hotel and it just made our first trip to Barcelona all the better. Just a short subway ride to the all the key destinations in the city. It was in a much calmer neighborhood(than Las Ramblas), a plus at the end of a long day of sight seeing. The fantastic air conditioning, cool pool and a market (for beer and drinks) down the street were a great way to take a break before a late dinner. The front desk staff were uniformly helpful and friendly in directing us around the city.The breakfast was really good, although if it wasn't included in our room rate I would have skipped it at 12 euros.The rooms were spacious and comfortable with a great bathroom and deep soaking tub. The infamous lighting system was great ...once you got the hang of it!Hope to go back someday to Barcelona and the b hotel.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zulan78
<Content>Great Customer Service My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon after reading positive reviews on this hotel. We took a cruise on the Mediterranean so our first night was one night before the cruise and returned for an additional five nights after the cruise. The first night was not an impressive experience. Our flight got in late and when we arrived at 11pm, the receptionist told us there were no other rooms available except for the one that was given to us. I stated on my online reservation that we were on our honeymoon and found two single beds pushed together. The sheets were seperate, so as a honeymoon couple, we couldn't even snuggle up together. We also experienced a very hot and humid room with the toilet area smelling like urine. The only way we could cool down a bit, the AC was not working in our room, was to open the door to the outside, but there was a vent blowing from the outside and was loud. I was glad to be out of that room after one night. I could not stand it and had my doubts about returning. Oh, and the light switches are not easy to use in any of their rooms. They operate near the front door, even the bathroom lights, and you do not know if you have turned on the bathroom light until you go back and forth to check. It is not convenient for anybody who really has to use the bathroom in an emergency. Thankfully our experience on the second lag of our journey was better. We got to the hotel on the wee hours of 9:30am on a Sunday morning after our cruise. The room wasn't ready, which I was prepared for, so they asked us to come back around 2, as they stored our luggage in the back room. We went to Las Rambla, came back, and were told our room still wasn't ready. We previously told them we were on our honeymoon and we wanted to make sure we were going to be sleeping in the same bed. They upgraded us to room 705 which is one of the biggest rooms they have in the hotel, and the receptionist was very apologetic for their tardiness to get our room ready. It was definitely in a better condition than the one we were previously in. Though I still smelled urine in the bathtub and one night around our bed, I do not know if the housekeepers use the same towels to clean the toilet and the other areas of the room, but it was quite disgusting to experience this multiple times. Other than the few probems early on, I finally got situated into the room and became comfortable after the first day. I found the free internet access very accomodating for guests - there is one by the lobby and two in the business center which is available until 12am. The pool is open from 9-9 and is quite nice, very long, but we didn't have time to swim in it. The metro is ony 3 blocks away and is easy to use. We noticed that the colossium next door was under construction and was worked on during the night time which caused a little noise in our room. I was still able to sleep through it and it seemed like construction stopped once there was sun light. We found the staff to be curteous and we had an unexpected cancellation with our flight which forced us to stay an extra night. When we first spoke to the receptionists about staying an extra night, they informed us that we would have to move to another room. I was a bit surprised that we couldn't stay in our current room. My husband went back down the next morning to ask about staying in our room and this time the receptionist said it was fine. To our experience, the staff members in the morning time were more experienced. Forget the night time staff as they are newbies and really do not know what they are doing. Checking out was a breeze and they did not charge us for our phone useage even though my husband spent 20 minutes trying to contact our airline. For the price we paid, I guess we got what we paid for.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	4	5	

<Author>tadvisoruser
<Content>Great Hotel, shame about the receptionists I stayed at this hotel with a group of friends on June, and cannot really fault the hotel itself. Rooms are lovely, very comfortable, good shower/bathroom.The rooftop is really nice, with a pool around the exterior. This is only small but was sufficient. There aren't really enough loungers though and people often ended up laying on towels on the floor. It would also really benefit from a bar/snack area up there. You can get round this by ordering room service up to the roof (there is a phone up there).The only real gripe I have is the receptionists. We arrived at the hotel just after check in time, only to be told our rooms weren't ready - we'd booked 4 rooms, none were availiable. We were asked to come back in an hour - no problem, we went and had a wander round and got some food. Came back an hour and half later only to be told our rooms still weren't ready! The annoying thing was the reception staff couldn't seem to care less and offered no apology whatsoever! I don't think they had any ounce of customer service at all!This aside, the rest of our stay was very good, and the hotel itself was great. Just a shame about the service...  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>stephy26
<Content>Sailor Sam's Hen doo Brilliant hotel, you really can't fault it, we were on a hen party of 6 and not one of us found a fault at all. I would stay here again its beautiful and very contemporary which is excellant. For past reviews we even figured out how to shut the blinds in the bathroom. There's a switch next to the electric point in the bathroom which closes and opens the blinds. I would definately recommend anyone to stay here. It was great to have a pool on the roof, the breakfast was great, the reception staff were fantastic very helpfull you couldn't fault them. We had no gripes about this hotel at all.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>enigma1211
<Content>Great Location! B-Hotel is located near the Spanish Plaza which has the dancing fountain every weekend and right next to the Arena (used to be a bullfighting ring, currently under renovation to become a shopping and entertainment complex). Also the metro is just around the corner...just 4 stops to Catalunya which is the city center. Friendly staff who speak near-perfect English, all-you-can-eat buffet breakfast for 12 euro per person (kinda pricey but good selection), free internet access until 11pm and free use of the rooftop swimming pool. Most importantly, the entire hotel is air-conditioned for the hot summer months. Also, the airport bus stops frequently at the Spanish Plaza...very convenient!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Minihanmike
<Content>Nice Hotel - Nice Location Excellent hotel in a fantastic location. The pool is excellent and a great place to relax. One thing to look out for is the extra's for the car park that I hadn't expected.I would book again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mucha
<Content>Very cool and stylish We spent one night of our 5-day stay in Barcelona at B-Hotel. I made my booking based on the reviews here and was very pleased. I had quite a good deal through Hotelclub (113 euros incl. breakfast). Positive sides: + modern design, spacious room+ nice bathroom and toiletries+ varied breakfast+ location: first I was a bit sceptical about the location (Placa d'Espanya) - thought it would be too far from Placa de Catalunya. But it's just a few metro stops away, and it's also at walking distance from Poble Espanyol. Also close to Eixample and its nice restaurants. I prefer this location to Ramblas, which seems too crowded and touristy. + no traffic noise as the room faced a shaft (which on the other hand meant that we had no view)+ easy access to airport with busNegative sides:- some noise from the corridorThe lighting system was not as difficult as I had expected, and as a tip: the blinds in the bathroom can be shut and opened from two buttons situated above the wash basin (if I remember correctly).  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mattmat14
<Content>Best Barcelona Hotel and close to everything       Our Room number 306  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Immy
<Content>Excellent! Just back from a 4 day trip to this wonderful hotel.We were situated on the 6th floor in one of the corner rooms(by request at check in). The corner rooms are slightly larger than the normal room size giving a broader window view and a desk to put things on.The bedroom is nice and modern and spacious and is of the same style as the rest of the hotel.Lighting system in the room, is awkward and takes a few touches to get the right lights on and off etc. I can see why previous occupants have had trouble working the lights. The buttons are multi use, and their is a half second delay in lights coming on so can be confusing.Bathroom is nice and trendy....no locks on door though and transparent window with blinds(controlled thru switch by sink) can be un nerving if not sharing with your partner. Bath and shower are combined in one.The Double bed is two singles pushed together, quite often i found myself falling into the gap as i shifted to other side of bed to give the mrs a cuddle. A proper Double bed would have been better but from reading reviews two singles joined together are the norm in spain.Minibar fridge available in room which is also handy to store drinks bought from the local shop at cheap prices.Traffic noise is hearable from the room, due to the busy plaza espanya being 200metres away but is a low hum in background.If you like absolute silence in your room then this wont be the hotel for you. The double glazing windows do a good job of keeping majority of road noise out.Location of hotel is excellent. 200m from placa espanya, which is home to the national museum and the gorgeous nightly water fountain show. Very handy being right on your door step. Metro and bus stops are right nearby.Metro is very efficient. Buy a ten stop ticket and use this on your stay or a multi day pass. Much more economic than buying single tickets every time.Internet PCs are available for use on the 1st floor, including a inkjet printer, and usb ports.The breakfast service had a good variety (if your not vegetarian), but certainly not worth paying 12 euro extra for, if not included in your room price. Instead you could nip down to the local shop and get a much better selection for a much cheaper price.Only real negative i found with the hotel was the lack of an iron available. We did manage to get one delivered to the room for a short period of time. The hotel instead promotes their in house ironing/laundry service. A number of staff informed us (incorrectly) the ironing service was free but the order slip showed otherwise.Summary of hotelPros : LocationCostModern, Clean HotelGood StaffExcellent AirconNice rooftop sunning area and small poolFree Internet PC's to use.Local shop nearby for COLD drinks and pastries, nibbles etc.Cons:No irons available (unless you are persistent), they promote their in-hotel ironing service (at cost) instead.A little traffic noise (this didnt bother me)Breakfast not worth asking money if not included with room.Only 2 english channels on the TV, Sky news and bbc world.Two single beds pushed together.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>dawpal
<Content>B for beautiful !!!!!!!!       Nice Seating with BBQ being built  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dzjien
<Content>B = Beautiful just returned from Barcelona - had a wonderful stay at B-hotel for 5 nights! We were there with our two teenage sons who loved the beautiful sunroof  pool with its comfortable lounging seats and we spent several hours every afternoon there having snacks bought at the supermarket down the road and swimming. The breakfast is good and there is free internetting, personnel is friendly and helpful. The hotel is very close to the underground and the Aerobus stops just round the corner. No good restaurants or cafes near but the centre of town is very close by metro. Cabs are also cheap and easy to get from here. I would love to come back to this beautifully designed hotel some day and would certainly recommend it to anyone !  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>PearlyPotter
<Content>B - Brilliant! Have just returned from an 8 day stay at the B Hotel celebrating a special wedding anniversary. We were upgraded to one of the larger rooms without asking (room 309) and it was huge. The bed was enormous and so comfortable - neither hard nor soft so it would suit almost everyone!The bathroom is stylish with a super power shower. The glass panelling alongside the bath with the partially open venetian blind that cannot be adjusted did not bother us. Our only reservation is that an older person or someone who was not fully mobile may find it difficult to climb in and out of the bath as it was inset and there was a fairly wide ledge to negotiate.The lighting was entertaining - not sure we'd got the hang of the system even after 8 days but so what! It was brilliant to return to the hotel in the afternoon or evening to superb air conditioning - much needed in the 30 degree plus temperatures.The hotel is 200 metres from the first drop off stop for the airport bus - price 3.5 euros each. It's 3 metro stops from the Ramblas - or a 35 -40 minute walk. The nearest Starbucks is about a 20 minute walk away. The nearest convenience store is 100 metres away - ideal for water, cold drinks and alcohol. The staff were friendly and helpful and we would certainly stay at the hotel again and recommend it to others. It far surpassed the 3* hotel we usually use in Paris and was even better than the last 4* we stayed at in Barcelona.We had a fabulous anniversary holiday and were delighted with the B Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed this ultra-modern hotel Super-modern hotel is right next to the Plaza de Espanya, which means easy access to busses, metro and taxis. It's located in a neighborhood with several cafes and a supermarket (OpenCor) a block away. We never felt unsafe in this neighborhood, and did walk around at night. The staff was very friendly and the free internet stations were a nice touch.It is a little far away from the city center (La Rambla, Barri Gotic, Sagrada Familia, etc.) but the metro puts it all within 15 minutes. We would stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel for the Price Good* Location is near metro access.* Very close to everything* In more of a neighborhood which gives you a better feel for life in Barcelona* Best AC that we experienced in all of Europe* Modern element is funBad* Hotel caters to younger/partying English speakers* Long walk to La Rambla (short metro ride though)* Took a few minutes to understand lighting* Bathroom showed dirt in places.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Que
<Content>Comfortable rooms but some issues This is a contemporary hotel located just off Placa Espanya. For the price (100 euros per night for a double room) we thought it was good value. Despite the building work going on at the bull ring nearby and the busy traffic on the roundabout, the room (which faced the Gran Via) was relatively quiet and we had no trouble with street noise at night. It was nice that the windows opened onto a little balcony.The beds were very comfortable - there were two singles pushed together rather than a double, but this is apparently quite common. We had read about the problems with the lights on Tripadvisor before we arrived but it still took a while to work out which buttons to press 鈥?I think that whoever designed the lighting was trying too hard to be clever and what could have been a quirky feature turns into something quite annoying especially if you want to use the bathroom in the night without waking your partner.The reception staff are very efficient and friendly but housekeeping leaves a lot to be desired. The range of toiletries is good when you first arrive (the usual shower gel, shampoo and soap, plus razor, toothbrush, comb, individual packs of tissues, bath sponge and more). Unfortunately, none of these were replaced during the stay and we had to ask every day for more. I know that most people would take some of these items, but does anyone take bars of soap for washing your hands? They are so tiny that I lost one down the plughole in the sink the first night, never to be seen again!The mini bar is a nice touch, but again, there were no replacements until we asked. To be fair, the receptionists seemed as baffled as we were with these housekeeping problems but resolved them very quickly. Room service was a bit hit and miss 鈥?we ordered 鈥楥offee Americano鈥?twice. The first time was fine, the second, they delivered Espresso and we had to reorder. Check your bill if there are any errors, as they did try to charge for both. It would be useful if there were coffee making facilities in the room as with all UK and US hotels. The pool on the roof was very handy for a little rest after a busy day and was very quiet. There is a Metro station within a couple of minutes walk which connects you with the rest of the city (buy a ticket to cover you for the number of days you are there). There really aren鈥檛 many places to eat or drink in the immediate vicinity, so this is very useful. If you are heading for Las Ramblas or nearby in the evening, the green line takes you directly there and the trains run until midnight (or 2am on Fridays and Saturdays). They are also very safe even at such late hours.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Please do not go to this hotel! The hair dryer in the bathroom was broken (the socket was hanging off the wall) - the staff would not do anything and the next day it actually blew up - luckily I was standing far enough away that I did not get hurt! Only then would they let us change rooms and offered us no discount whatsoever. The location is not great to walk anywhere, the pool is so small and the whole pool area was filled with Stag/Hen parties that there was no room anyway, the whole lighting system is just so annoying. I would recommend spending a bit more money and finding somewhere central - apparently there are some great Citadines appartments on Las Ramblas which are reasonable.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome place but a little annoying There are pros and cons to this place. The hotel is fascinating with all its contemprory furniture, decor and gadgets. However, our key did not turn on the funky lights when we slid it into the slot and we kept having to go to the reception a couple of times each day to have it re-calibrated. Their is a lcd tvs in every room, but dont be fooled, it is the size of a computer monitor. I wish they had just put regular 29 tubes instead!!The carpets are also stained inn some places and look a little ugly. Our bathroom door was missing and my brother was very stressed about his shower every morning. However, he got thru all 3 days fine!The pool deck on the roof is absolutely gorgeous. It was packed with a young beautiful crowd sun-bathing and playing loungy music on their i-pod decks. The view is really nice as well.We got a horrible view of the back of a dodgy building with clothes hanging in the balcony with our first room, but the reception was quick to change it to a more pleasant one.The location is a little rough. There arent any pleasant restraunts or cafes within a walking distance. Plaza Espania is a walk away and has the coolest musical fountain show on sundays though. The metro is opposite the st. and is 3 stops away from Las Ramblas.One night, we got hungry and ordered the most horrible club sandwiches I have ever tasted! So here's a big tip, dont order room service. Just grab a beer and head to the roof top when your in the hotel.All in all, an awesome place for a young group of travellers on a budget!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pactio
<Content>Amazingly chic hotel! I stayed at the B-hotel for 3 nights in June 2006 and absolutely loved it!! Great things about this hotel include:1) Located centrally at Plaza d'Espanya - it's a 1-minute walk to the Metro 2) Easy access to/from Airport - there is an aerobus stop right at Plaza d'Espanya so it takes only 20 minutes to get to/from the airport to the hotel. 3) Beautiful modern hotel - the style is a modern chic one that is very simple, with no cluster anywhere. Sleek wood  metal furniture. 4) High-tech rooms!! - my favourite part of the hotel! All the lights can be controlled from your bedside table, so you never have to get up from bed to turn off the hallway or bathroom lights. The bathroom is divided into the bathtub, which has glass windows looking out into the room (no walls!) outfitted with electronic blinds (allowing you to close the blinds if you need some privacy) and a separate stall for the toilet. 5) English-speaking staff - the front desk staff have a good mastery of English.6) Very reasonably priced for a hotel this nice!I didn't find anything remotely wrong with the hotel and highly recommend it to anyone who's thinking of going to Barcelona!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jennifer48
<Content>Amazing hotel in a beautiful city I stayed at the B-hotel instead of Fira Palace, where a conference I was attending was being hosted, and had no regrets whatsoever. The hotel is steps to the subway and about a 10-minute walk to Montjuic, where several art galleries and museums are and which is also the lushest and greenest part of Barcelona. The highlight of the hotel was the fantastic rooftop terrace which overlooks the Placa Espanya and is a wonderful place to relax after a day of sightseeing. If breakfast isn't included in the price of your room it costs 12 euros, which is a bit steep I thought for what is essentially a continental breakfast. Instead, go to the supermarket at the end of the street and buy juice and a pastry. One downside of the hotel is that it is a fair distance from where most of us wanted to eat dinner at night -- the Old Town -- and one night after discovering that the subways closed early (midnight) we did have to hoof it home. However, you could also take a taxi. The rooms are very modern and it took me about half an hour to figure out how to operate the lights. Free computer access with high speed internet is available in the lounge from 7 am - 11 pm.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>San Antonio member
<Content>Great, reasonably priced hotel for Barcelona Given some recent negative reviews, I was a bit concerned about the B-hotel. However, my stay was great. The rooms are clean and comfortable. They also offer something different from the standard big hotel. I liked the clean modern design. Hotel staff were nothing but helpful, and the breakfast was really good. I also really appreciated the free internet access. Overally, I was very happy with the B-hotel. I have paid more for a lot less elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GuinnessNemmer
<Content>Super Cool Hotel! My husband  I stayed at the B Hotel May 21-23/06 and were thrilled with the hotel. We found the staff to be friendly  helpful and the location great. The hotel is located a two minute walk to the Placa Espana metro station and is then three stops to the Catalunya Square at the top of Las Ramblas. We kept the balcony doors opened all night for fresh air  did not have problem with the noise. A/C was good. The pool was opened and we enjoyed the patio. We visited the grocery just down the street for cheese, bread, tomatoes  wine and had dinner/lunch by the pool....very fun! We did not have the breakfast, so cannot comment. The hotel was super cool. Only difficulty being the lighting ...really neat, but a little difficult. The women reading will love the box of ammenities ...very unique. The hotel is located beside an old bull fighting ring that they are refurbishing ..only reason I can see why the hotel was so inexpensive. We booked with Expedia  paid $140 Cdn per night....very inexpensive for the quality. I can only guess that they bought hotel for the location  when the bull fighting ring is done  operating they will be able to charge double that. It certainly deserves it. I see there were a few recent poor reviews and I cannot understand it. I can be hard to please  I thought this hotel was great! Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bely
<Content>Fantastic city! We have just returned from a fantastic break in Barcelona.Neither of us had visited this great city before so after trawling through this site we booked the 'B Hotel'. We were not disappointed!We had a large room on the 7th floor with great views of Placa Espanya, which was surprisingly quiet even though we were on the roadside. The staff were friendly and more than enthusiastic to help with all requests - restaurant suggestions, room service etc. The rooftop pool was a godsend as the weather was fab and you could call to the bar/room service for food and drink.We found the location of the hotel to be ideal - only 15mins easy walk from La Ramblas, metro stop on the doorstep, tourist bus, aerobus and the great fountains and museum too.We will definately return again as the city has so much to offer but a must on any visit is the Parc Guell, Sagrada Famillia and El 4 Gats restaurant.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>captainbeaky30
<Content>Excellent I agree with all the previous reviews. Its a very well located hotel - great for the airport bus, the train for Montserrat and the metro for the rest of Barcelona.Its clean and modern with helpful staff who speak english.The rooms are clean and very modern looking.The only complaint is that there are no guidelines on how to operate the room lights.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jeju
<Content>Nice Hotel in Good Location We choose this hotel after reading the excellent reviews it received on Tripadvisor. I enjoyed my stay at the hotel and found the rooms comfortable. Our bed was 2 single joined together and this produced an enormous bed that we were delighted with. The lighting system was unusual but not that difficult to figure out. I liked the glass walls in the bathroom but make sure that you're sharing with someone that you're close to, there are blinds but I couldn't figure out how to work them. There was a nice box of treats in the bathroom and the a well stocked mini bar. One suggestion that I would have is stock up on a few bottles of water and some beer from the supermarket a block down and put them in the mini bar. It's a lot cheaper than paying the hotel prices. The location was good. It's right on the Placa D'Espanya and close to the magic fountain. The airport bus stops nearby as does the tourist bus. There's a metro station outside the door too. We didn't find many bars or restaurants in the area and I think the next time I go to Barcelona I'll stay closer to the Barri Gothic or the Ramblas as this seems to be where all the action is! That said it was only 4 Euro in a taxi to the heart of everything. One bar/restaurant to check out is Rita Blue, it's on one of the squares off the Ramblas. It's very chilled out and serves great cocktails. They also serve food but as I didn't eat there I can't say what it's like.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yaounde
<Content>Superb Hotel!               More photos  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>citychick
<Content>Had a good stay         
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Debyo
<Content>Disapponted We booked this hotel after reading all the reviews on this site and were expecting great things.I must confess to being a bit disappointed. IMy first impression was that of a cool hotel BUT on closer inspection it was quite shabby. The bedspread was awful ( pulls and nasty fabric). Although the cleaner came everyday, the floor was not cleaned in the 5 days we were there. The room was well sound-proofed from the other guests but road noise was a problem. It is on a very. busy road and the sound of sirens and horns during the night was intrusive even though we were on the 5th floor. Our last night coincided with Barcelona winning the Champions League and the horns, megaphones etc went on continuousy until 3-4am , not the hotels fault I know but nonetheless we were glad to get home for a good nights sleep ( I live on a main road and am used to traffic noise but this was something else!)The front staff seemed efficient but not over friendly. The pool was STILL not in use, I gather this has been a longstanding problem judging from the reviews on this site. There is no info given by the hotel about it's facilities ( perhaps because the gym, pool and the internet facility were all unavailable!)There were good points - great position with easy access to the metro, bus turistic and regulat buses. Good air coditioning which was most welcome after a hot day. Comfy bedI would recommend this hotel and I have definitley stayed in worse, it was good value for money ( 拢66 per night with Expedia) It was an ok hotel that with just a little more attention could be a great hotel.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Honi
<Content>Superficial style without substance... ....more Ikea than Phillipe Starke. I鈥檓 sorry to report that we were very disappointed with our stay at the B-Hotel this past weekend. Starting with the good points of the hotel, it is reasonably well located, just a 15 minute taxi ride (without traffic) from Barcelona airport (as opposed to Girona airport, where Ryanair flies into) and within walking distance of the train station. It is also within walking distance of Barcelona鈥檚 main attractions if you don鈥檛 mind long walks, which I enjoy. It was also moderately priced at around 鈧?75 per night for the room, excluding breakfast.The negatives are that the hotel is located on Gran Via, one of Barcelona鈥檚 main thoroughfares and, at night, a drag strip for wanna-be Spanish Grand Prix drivers. All night long, drivers blared their car horns in sync in support of the Spanish Grand Prix driver, Fernando Alonso, who had just won the race. We hardly slept a wink. Even the night before the Grand Prix we couldn鈥檛 sleep for all the traffic roaring just outside all night long 鈥?it was like sleeping on a motorway overpass.We also didn鈥檛 find the staff very helpful. I was quite thirsty after walking around warm Barcelona all day and quickly polished off the 3 tiny bottles of water in the room鈥檚 mini-bar. However, when we asked the front desk if they could provide us with some replacement bottles of water, they said no! The hotel bar, such that it is, was already long closed at midnight, and they declined our practical suggestion of opening up one of the unoccupied rooms to give us bottles of water from an unused mini-bar. I had to make do with half a glass of warm water left over on my bedside table from the previous night (which fortunately the maid had neglected to take away when she cleaned the room), and my partner had to quaff a bottle of too-sweet tonic water.What possible excuse can there be not to be able to give guests some additional bottles of water, even if the request is made at midnight? Another disappointment was the character-less hotel bar. I had expected to enjoy a gin and tonic in the evening at the poolside bar on the roof, but in fact, there was no poolside bar anymore. Even the bar in the main lobby was non-existent after 9 p.m. and completely lacking in atmosphere.Breakfast at 鈧?5 for two was a modest continental-style buffet with a range of cereals, bread rolls, croissants, hams and cheese, which quickly ran out and weren鈥檛 replaced. Hard boiled eggs were provided, but cooked breakfasts aren鈥檛 offered. Coffee and hot water for tea are dispensed from push-top Thermos-type containers rather than freshly made to order. Although the hotel has a certain minimalist style that makes it more appealing than, say, a Holiday Inn, it has absolutely none of the buzzy atmosphere or style of the hotels it is apparently trying to emulate, such as The Mercer in NYC, or The Sanderson, One Aldwych and St Martins Lane in London. I have stayed in each of those hotels, and B-Hotel is nothing more than a cheap, Ikea-styled facsimile of those truly stylish hotels. The metallic bedspread had pulls and loose threads on it and the carpets in the hallways were stained.All in all, I would say if you're a light sleeper or looking for a truly stylish hotel, you should stay elsewhere. If you just want a change from the usual BB and chain hotel experience and don't mind an absense of real style and atmosphere, soundproofing or bottles of water at midnight, then by all means stay at B-Hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>gemybell
<Content>Great Hotel! Stayed in this hotel for 6 nights and we were very happy. The room was good size, the pool area is lovely. The location is excellant and the bus from the airpost drops you right by hotel. The only negative is that the hotel describtion says 'well-equipped gym' but thay was no gym at the hotel. We had a fab time in Barcelona and would love to go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>you_beauties
<Content>great hotel, great location stayed here for 6 days and 6 nights with my girlfriend. perfect location for town, its only 5 minutes by metro to the main shopping area and you can use the green or red metro lines from Espanya, 200 metres from the hotel (turn right out of hotel). couldn't comment on breakfast but used the local supermarket down the road, about 2 minutes walk (turn left out of the hotel) and there you can get fresh bread, croissants, etc. looks like a bookshop/newsagent but sells allsorts inside.lights...don't know quite what the fuss is about, they are pretty straight forward. the main problem we had was locating the button for the blind between the bathroom and the bedroom (switch is part of shaver socket over the sink).great view, friendly staff. great rooftop. internet access via computer in main foyer for those of us without laptops (who takes a laptop on holiday? we're not all business men!).watch the funky ceiling lights in the lift as they change colour and as you move up the corridors to your room the lights brighten and dim.muggers? what muggers. just use common sense, no camera around the necks. i can see why people do get stuff nicked but these people might as well wear a sign saying 'mug me'. ps hotel has a room safe, its easy to use. hope this all helps.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlecCampbell
<Content>Great value Top Notch Hotel Checked into this hotel for just one night on a whistle stop visit to Barcelona. Chose it due to the rave reviews on here and was not disappointed. We were allocated a corner suite on arrival which was huge. Room decor is very contemporary and high tech with LCD tv and confusing lighting controls for the entire room in a control panel at the bed side. Bed was enourmous and v comfortable, room spotless, staff fantastic, roof top pool is v swish (nice area to chill out at the end of the day before heading off out to the nightlife), bathroom very fancy (great wash kits!!!). Breaksfast was very varied and excellent quality. There is some traffic noise on the road side but this is more than made up for by the view and after a long day and night out it did not stop me from sleeping.The location of the hotel close to Placa Espanya metro station is great for getting around as many lines run through here. It is also only 2 stops from Placa De Catalunya where the major shopping area is and of course Las Ramblas. The development of the bullring next door into a major shopping centre will only add to the value of the location of this excellent hotel. Would recommend it thoroughly.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rosaleno
<Content>Very nice Hotel and good value for money       floorplan  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nightcrowler
<Content>A god choice We stayed at this hotel from April 16 to April 18, 2006 and liked it. As mentioned by many reviewers, the lightning system is a bit confusing but it was not a problem at all. The pool at the top is a tiny one but it would probably be nice to watch Barcelona from such a nice terrace in summer. Breakfast was OK and well worth the money (at least there were fresh fruits and fresh orange juice). Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool hotel in an amazing city B-Hotel is a great place on many levels. Firstly the design is very funky and stylish. I loved the bar area, rooms and the front door (once we'd found it!). The pool on the roof is a great plus and fab for just chilling out.The location of the hotel is great, being on Placa Espanya which has a rail and tube station. A walk over the road and you have easy access to the parks of Montjuic. There is no restaurant in the hotel and not much close by so we suggest getting into the Old Town in the centre which is 10 mins by tube.The rooms themselves are funky with the light switch situation creating much amusement. I felt that it did seem a little rough in places as the wooden floor scratches easily but over all it is well built. Breakfast in the hotel is 25 Euros and a small continental selection. Suggest not bothering or stocking up with a late start (it's served until 11am).For the money, this hotel is great and we reaaly loved it. A great way to spend a city break in the wonderful Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>iandel
<Content>nice hotel  Just back from 5 nights in the B-Hotel  would happily recommend it to others. We paid about EUR 100 per night and, by chance, got one of the mini-suites because they didn't have a regular room ready when we arrived. The room was very nice - plenty of space, flat screen TV, good clothes storage  the minimalist style makes it all a bit more memorable than your average hotel. The shower was excellent, as was the rest of the bathroom, although I could have done with a bit more light in the toilet. Actually, the room in general could have used a little more lighting. As others have mentioned, the lighting system is a somewhat quirky.Apparently our room was normally a twin, but with the 2 beds pushed together. To be honest, I would find the room a bit lacking in privacy if I was sharing it with someone I wasn't already intimate with - 1. there are no locks on the toilet door, and the bathroom has merely a sliding door that doesn't fully close  2. you can see into the shower from the bedroom.......I was with my girlfriend, so it wasn't an issue for us, but business travellers should maybe take note.Breakfast was not included in our deal, so cannot comment on the food. The location however was good. It's just off Placa Espanya which is the first stop on the airport bus. There are tourist attractions nearby (Parc Monjuic, Olympic stadium etc), and you can walk to the Ramblas in around 20/25 mins. The hotel is 2 mins from the metro.The hotel has a rooftop pool which looks fantastic and offers great views of the city. Unfortunately, it was just too cold to use when we were there.We had minimal dealings with the staff, but those that we spoke to were polite and helpful.Overall, we'd definitely come back.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel       Room with twin beds  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lola1616
<Content>Loved the Design       entrance  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bridgemagoo2
<Content>Chic Hotel in good location We really enjoyed our stay here. Easy drop off from the airport bus in Espanya Square 2 mins walk and you can pick up tourist bus and metro from here to all desrtinations. Staff were great, rooms deliberately chic and minimalist. Only very slight downsides that like others we also got two twin beds pushed together and after three days we still couldn't completely suss the lights!! But this was a great hotel for the money, well placed, great buffet breakfast with lovely food (an additional E14 per head but worth it) and highly recommended all round. NB No fault of the hotel but PLEASE watch out for escalating problem of bag/wallet snatchers in Barcelona - we had attempted grabs twice in three days and heard of numerous others victims of successful attempts. It seems to be a huge problem.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymooned Here Alright, this was the 2nd stay of our honeymoon (the 1st was Rome), and we were very pleased with everything about this hotel. The hotel staff was excellent. They spoke good English and pointed us out in every direction- The nightlife, tourist attractions, romantic spots and everything. The location of the hotel is excellent. The metro is about a 5 min walk. The metro is very convenient to get to anywhere in the city. I would advise on your 1st day in Spain to take the guided bus tour and figure out which sites you like and then visit them accordingly the following days.The Hotel Room was very nice and elegant. The lighting of the room was awesome (a little hard to figure out). You could dim the lights and could make for a very eventful night. There is FREE internet service in the hotel, so no need for a laptop. Overall, me and my wife have NO complaints about this hotel (and we are very particular about room standards). We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MadamLucyLuLu
<Content>Second rate hotel with rude staff Having read some of the excellent reviews that the B Hotel has on Tripadvisor my boyfriend and I decided to book seven nights with them. When we arrived they couldn't find our booking but after ten minutes or so of looking they did. When we went to our room we found they had given us a twin room and we had booked a double. We went back to reception to explain that we had booked a double not a twin and we were told that in Spain there is no word for twin and that a double just means it sleeps two whether it's two single beds or one double bed. The staff member who told us this was very abrupt. We were told that getting a double room was NOT POSSIBLE until the next day. We were disappointed but we agreed. The next day we went out early and when we came back we found that they had put double sheets and covers over the two single beds. We went back to reception and we were told that all their double beds were like this. We were given a different room that was slightly bigger but the beds were exactly the same. On the day we arrived we returned to the hotel at just after 11pm. There seemed to be a party in full swing in the bar area. I asked the barman for some drinks and he told me it was NOT POSSIBLE as the bar was closed. The loud noise from the party continued for three or four hours.The next night my boyfriend tried to call room service to order some food. It was before 10pm and room service is supposed to be available until 11pm. The phone rang out a number of times. I decided to phone reception. A member of staff answered and I said who I was and my room number and HE HUNG UP ON ME. At this point we decided not to deal with the hotel staff anymore. Besides the hotel staff being unbelievably rude I found the interior to be gimmicky. The lighting doesn't work very well and is pretentious. Although the light function buttons were the same in both rooms the buttons didn't work properly in the second room and we couldn't dim the lights. I think the finish in the rooms lacked attention to detail and that they cut corners where ever possible.I liked the showers but if you want to have a bath the taps are hard to reach (you have to climb into the bath to turn them on). Also there was no hot water after 11.30ish. The hotel building is quite nice overall the rooms are reasonably comfortable. It was great to have internet access in the rooms. It could have been a much more pleasant stay. The staff really let this hotel down. There was one guy who was friendly enough but the rest of the staff we spoke to were rude and abrupt.I wouldn't stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>chefola
<Content>loved the hotel b Just got back from Spain and we just loved this hotel. We stayed at 5 different hotels over 2 weeks throughout Spain and this was definitely our favorite. We spent 5 nights at B Hotel our last 5 nights in Spain and it was a wonderful goodbye.The hotel is very hip and cool, but really clean and comfortable. The rooms are nice sized, the bed was a comfy king, and the bathroom was great. We also loved the gadgetry of the lights and louvres. Location was great and the closest metro stop had a couple of lines running through it, so you had several choices of lines. You are also very close to the Magical Lights which is a must-do on either Friday or Saturday nights.Service was absolutely fabulous. Sergio at the front desk was so friendly, helpful, and professional. Nothing was a problem for them. We have nothing bad to say about this hotel and would stay here over and over again!!!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it !!!! The rooms are very comfortable and clean ,I loved the modern look and the wooden floor.The Staff were extrimly nice , they helped us with information about the city and with reserving places in nice restaurants .Its been a wonderful stay and I highly recomend it.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>louloulh
<Content>A must for a girlie weekend! I spent 5 nights at this fab hotel last May with 3 girlfriends. I'm only reminded to write a review now because I'm thinking of booking up again this year.We arrived when the hotel had just opened and couldn't believe our luck - what a fantastic hotel for a great price. The rooms are huge, cool and modern and the bathroom was a real design feature! The location of the hotel is great as I know many travellers want to avoid staying near Las Ramblas. The metro is fifty yards from the hotel and offers cheap transport around the city. In fact the city tour bus starts at te other side of Placa D'Espanya - very handy!My girlfriends and I got into the mediterranean way of things very quickly, often not venturing out for dinner until ten - go to the supermarket just down the street, you can get a lovely bottle of white wine for 4 euros pre-dinner (and chill it in your fridge after some clever manoeuvering of mini bar goodies!) Also, if you are a tapas fan I can't recommend enough two fabulous tapas bars we went to - Cerveceria Catalana on Caller Mallorca and Celler de Tapas on Placa D'Universidad - you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spot On Visited Barcelona for the first time for a Birthday treat, and what a treat this Hotel is.The room was very modern, clean, spacious and the BED, what can i say, huge and comfortable.Once we'd sussed out the little quirks of the room like the blinds in the bathroom ,how to operate the safe properly and not to be too heavy handed with the lighting we were all set to explore.The Hotel location is fine, all modes of transport just to the right of the hotel.Try the Barcelona Guided Tour bus with a two day ticket, it's great. Hop on, hop off at all of the major sightseeing attractions, it runs every 20 minutes from approx 9am until 6.30pm.We would definately visit Barcelona and the B-Hotel again, I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Grade for the B Hotel My wife and I had a very pleasant stay at the B Hotel and we would both happily recommend the hotel and believe we got excellent value for our money. The modern design of the hotel was novel and practical, the staff friendly, courteous and helpful and our room was very clean, spacious and quiet even though we had a balcony overlooking the Grand Via. The buffet breakfast had a wide and varied choice of fare and accommodates early and late risers from 7 to 11am. The hotel is a stone's throw away from the transport hub of Placa d'Espanya: trains, metro and buses and within walking distance to Montjuic. All in all we had a most enjoyable stay and would go back in a flash. Only one small quip; the swimming pool was out of bounds (problem with filtration?) not that it mattered being January.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gabsterUK
<Content>Excellent Stayed 23rd January. Room on 7th Floor - very stylish, lots of nice touches, quality fittings. Hotel is fabulous - staff were polite, friendly and helpfull. Breakfast was good, lots of choice and typical of Barcelona hotels. Despite being very close to Place D'Espanya the room was very quiet. I travel to Barcelona frequently and like to be away from the Ramblas area because it is so noisy. B is about 20 minute walk from Place Catalunya but is yards from Metro. For 鈧?.20 you can travel to Catalunya in 10 minutes. Also taxis are very cheap although most taxi drivers speak no English. Hotel were having problems with hot water supply but this was out of their control ~ problem locally with water supply on that day. I can't recommend this hotel enough.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, but noisy and location a bit off Great hotel, cool rooms and great service. Staff was relaxed and very nice to deal with. Ask for a corner room as they are slightly larger. Rooms facing the street slightly noisy in the morning rush. Breakfast buffe not that good, and location a bit off perhaps. Taxis are cheap and easy to come by though so did not matter much.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dollmint
<Content>Funky hotel in a funky city       The view as you enter the room  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ssmk
<Content>B- Hotel This is one of the best hotels that I have ever stayed at (ranging from 5 stars in Bangkok/Peru/London/San Francisco.) Everything in the other reviews is true. This is the place for the modern/ independent / chic traveler who is looking for Wallpaper design who does not need or desire a lot of attention. The location is very convient and safe - next to the Pca Espanya on the Gran Via. I would recommend the El Faisan Restaurant/Bar down the street on Gran Via. We had arrived quite late (after 11:30 pm from a Ryan Air flight from Luton) and found this wonderful tapas bar. Ask for Victor. He speaks English and is incredibly hospitable and friendly. The bath and free internet ( so bring your laptop) were also nice suprises after a late trip.I hope to visit in the summer so I can enjoy the roof top pool.Come and enjoy this new hotel before it becomes a guidebook hotel and the prices sore!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tizmania
<Content>The coolest hotel ever... The B Hotel was our very first stop on our vacation in Spain. It turned out to be the perfect way to start!I was most impressed as soon as I saw the building. The first thing that struck me was the beautiful large wooden door that slides to the side as you approach. The rest of the building is equally striking...I found the staff to be both helpful, attentive and laid back. We were in room 209 - a suite - incredibly spacious by European standards, and with stunning attention to detail in the furnishings and fixtures. When I wasn't able to turn on the Aquos Plasma TV, I called down, and within 3 minutes Anna Maria from reception came up and fixed it for me with a smile on her face.While the lighting controls took some concentration to figure out, the effect of fade up and fade down was quite dramatic.When I opened the window, I found not only could I step out onto the ledge, but I could slide back the framed side of the building (literally!) and look directly at the Plaza. Then I could close it for privacy. What a cool feature...The bathroom is the room's most intriguing feature, with glass walls, and fantastic plumbing fixtures. My favorite part had to be the electric venetian blind between the panes next to the shower. More entertaining than TV!As you'll read in other reviews, the location is great - next to the subway, and with a view of Plaza Espanya, and next to the subway and Art Museum. The rooftop patio is way cool - and with a fantastic view.Without a doubt the coolest hotel I have yet stayed in - and I've amassed quite a collection over the years...Hooray for The 'B'!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>B_Hotel... half way to Heaven I just came back from a little stay at B hotel. My girlriend and I spent some days in that Beautiful city and this Beautiful and chic hotel.The best way for getting there from the Airport is by using the Aerobus. Get off at Plaza Espania. The Hotel is located beside the old bullring under construction (will become a shopping mall). There is a huge B at the rooftop (nice for pictures in the rooftop) which can be seen from the street.As you enter the building, you enter your dream. A 3*** Hotel??? I want to see how is a 4****! The check-in was fast and very kind. Lots of smiles and helpful information (they advised me how to use the shower before reaching the bedroom). The name of the attendant was Patricia. She seemed to know everything about the city!!! Look for her advise ;)The bedrooms were clean and stylish. The blinds in the bathroom seemed to be copied from a star trek movie!And the rooftop... WHAT A ROOFTOP! Nothing to do? Spend an afternoon there watching the clouds go by... amazing.Something bad? As I read on other reviews the gym is not finished yet (yet!) and the bar is still not working.Great people working there. Frendly staff and very helpful.I will certainly choose this Hotel if I ever come back to this beautiful city.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>suzabanana
<Content>Big Beautiful B!!!       Makes a fabulous bath!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Forca Barca and the B-Hotel My girlfriend and I booked the B Hotel (after much research) and were delighted with our choice. We stayed in room 509 which is on the corner of the building therefore our room was sector shaped rather than the regular shape. This meant that we had an extra seating area in the corner which was an added bonus. We found the hotel to be clean and the staff polite and efficient. I agree with the other reviews regarding the pool. This is a real bonus and a great way to unwind as the sun sets. (Currently the pool area offers the best vantage point to observe the building works at the site of the old bull ring!!)The location of the hotel for me was perfect. The Espanya area is essentially a local residential area rather than an out and out tourist area. Unlike the Ramblas area which tends to be over run with British stag/hen parties, the Espanya area while busy still retains ethos of a working city. This means that within a couple of blocks of the Gran Via there are cafes, shops, tapas bars etc. frequented by the locals. I would recommend that (unless included in the price) that visitors take breakfast in a local cafe/bar. The hotel breakfast in the hotel is fine but it is pricey, but by eating out locally the guest experiences an enchanting piece of Barcelona for less than the cost of the hotel.From the airport bus the hotel is situated at the opposite side of the square on the far side of the bull ring. It is not obvious from the hotel address where the exact location of the hotel is.I would have no difficulty in recommending the B-Hotel to anyone interested in experiencing Barcelona. The local metro stations make access easy if walking is not preferred. However if partying is your scene, then the Ramblas area would be more applicable.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value for money What can I say about this hotel that hasn't already been said?! I booked it on the recommendation of a friend of a friend and wasn't dissapointed with it. As soon as we'd pulled up in the taxi outside the hotel my girlfriend and I were lost for words, even more so when we got to our room. We stayed on the executive (7th) floor and had a nice little balcony, amazing lighting and furniture and a great view of Gran Via. In the morning we were perfcetly placed to be awoken by the sun poking its head through our curtains, what a great way to start the day! Barcelona itself is a fantastic place for a holiday, but the whole experience was made that much better by the B Hotel. At first we thought the rooftop pool had been closed for the winter, but we realised that it was only open at specific times in the day ...we had breakfast on the roof one morning and it was incredible. The lift doors actually open onto the roof, and the pool is breathtaking, like something out of a hip-hop video. The only complaints I have are very minor: Firstly, taxi drivers never seem to know the hotel itself, so you have to direct them to Gran Via, also I think we may have had a drainage problem in our room as it always had a slight aroma of sewage when we entered. The buffet breakfast was nothing to write home about. But, these are minor problems in comparison to the quality of the hotel and the service it provides. I'd recommend it to anyone going to Barcelona, it's very close to metro stations and Las Ramblas is only a 15 minute walk away. All in all our stay worked out at 拢33 a night, which is ridiculously cheap for what we got. I can't praise this hotel enough!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Special Recommendation!!!       Rooftop Pool!!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing hotel!!! I'd definately recommend this hotel to people wanting a bit of luxury at affordable prices. As soon as I walked into the room, the modern style reminded me of the Lowry Hotel in Manchester. The room had all modern and stylish amenities, including a digital safe, which was free to use. The plasma screen tv was a good bonus too. The rooms are quiet, and if you prefer to have the balcony doors shut at night, no traffic noise can be heard. The location is ideal, I got the aerobus from El Prat which drops you off on Placa Espanya and its only a short walk to the hotel. Montjuic, MNAC, the Olympic Stadiums and Poble Espanyol are about a 20-25 minute walk away (Depending on how fast you walk!) and the views of the city from the steps of MNAC and from the Olympic Stadium are amazing, especially on a clear day. There is easy access to Placa Catalunya from the bus stop accross the road from the hotel, which has buses running very often. The supermarket down the street is also very convenient with cheap food, especially if you're on a budget ;) I'd definately go back to Barcelona again (for the 4th time!), and to this hotel especially ;)  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WStradlater
<Content>B stands for Brilliant But Blemished (a BIT) I recently spent seven nights at the B-Hotel and agree with the general vibe of most reviewers 鈥?this hotel has the potential to be a gleaming diamond but currently is tainted by a few, albeit minor flaws. However, for the price one must forgive the B of most its sins.For those arriving form Barajas airport, the airport bus will drop you off at Placa Espanya in front of the Barcelona Plaza hotel which is a two-minute saunter to the B. The hotel and the rooms look fabulous but a slightly closer inspection will reveal a shonky finish and poor attention to detail. I was initially given a double room opposite the bull-ring being converted to a shopping-centre. The view of front-end loaders wasn鈥檛 inspiring and there was some noise so I asked for a change and this was forthcoming without fuss. I was quickly moved to a room overlooking an internal courtyard with a tiny balcony that was great 鈥?ultra quiet. The size of the room was very decent and the bathroom was fine 鈥?water-pressure the best I experienced in Spain. I do think the cleaning of the rooms is slightly dodgy but it wasn鈥檛 a big issue for us. The main beef I have is that they will not supply an iron/ironing board in your room thereby necessitating the use of their laundry/pressing service which did not come cheap.On the plus side the staff I found were very helpful especially Victor who suggested and booked some great restaurants. The location of the hotel is absolutely fine being close to Montjuic and 2 tube stations (Espanya and Sants). The Barcelona underground is phenomenal and will serve you well. The rooftop pool is pure Hollywood and reason alone to stay here. The breakfast was excellent although we had it included and is probably a tad expensive if not in your deal. One minor issue is no fresh orange juice 鈥?a pity as it pretty much runs on tap in Spain. All in all I would certainly return to Barcelona (what a fabulous city!) and to the B. Nearby restaurants that I recommend are L鈥橝mphora and El Rebost de Maria. Two day trips I highly recommend and are easy to do are Montserrat and Figueres (Dali Museum).  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant value hotel in a central location.       Exterior view  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome rooftop pool!! Excellent value for money hotel...rooms were clean, spacious and modern and the bed was super comfy. The finishings here and there looked a bit rushed(I only checked this out as it was mentioned in another review), but these were only minor flaws.Great location-was a 5 minute walk to the metro and only a few stops to La Ramblas.The hotel staff were really friendly and professional.My only complaint was that there was no fitness centre, am assuming that this is still work in progress.The absolute highlight is the rooftop pool. It was pretty amazing sitting by the pool, sipping champagne, watching the sun set and the world go by!!Highly recommended..  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall a nice place to stay We were happy with our stay as it was nice and close to the Metro, reasonably priced, had a fabulous pool on the roof, it was a bit eclectic, had free internet connection, was clean with spacious rooms. Our main complaint was no iron. I found that strange and we were miffed as our travel iron had broke the day before. Other than that no real complaints. Got a nice, free breakfast w/our stay and it did the trick. For the price I think it is a good value. Bed was very comfortable considering it was 2 beds pushed together.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chic hotel with some minor flaws               
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>american_expat_CPH
<Content>Fantastic Rooftop Pool We stayed at the B-hotel for three nights for a combination long weekend/business trip. For the money, 95 euro, it is a fantastic value. And the title says it all, the rooftop pool with the views is fantastic (note to hotel: water is too cold, though).The hotel is located a little off the beaten track, but there is a metro station close by. We bought the three day metro card for 12 euros. The rooms are nice. The bed was not the best hotel bed I've ever slept in, but not the worst either. The lighting system is very difficult to figure out. It is some high tech contraption and just too complicated for me, I guess. A few negative things I noticed--only a couple people at the front desk speak english--some don't know any. The carpets on our floor in the hallway had lots of stains on them and the hotel is brand new! The bar was not open at all during our stay, only limited room service available. Be sure to bring your own corkscrew so you can buy the fantastic, cheap spanish wine in the nearby stores. Overall, we were extremely pleased with the hotel. It was our first visit to Barcelona but definitely not the last--just a fantastic city.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, but trip was marred by some issues We booked an 8-day stay at the B-Hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews. Whilst we were very impressed by the sleekness of the hotel, there were some issues which really marred our stay. I'll list my comments as positives and negatives to (hopefully!) provide a balanced review:Positives- Very sleek hotel with ultra modern decor- Sophisticated lighting system in room with different sequences (e.g. the nighttime toilet sequence turned on a dim light beneath the bedside table and lit a dim walkway to the bathroom)- Amazing rooftop swimming pool- Perfectly situated next to Place d'Espanya (on two good tube lines which provided quick - 5 minute - journeys to the centre). You could walk to the Ramblas in around 20 minutes. Also, Espanya is a key rail station so excellent for day trips out of the city (we went to Montserrat and it was very convenient).- Quick and efficient check-in and out- Free internet access- Hotel bar with reasonably priced drinks- Room service (which we didn't try, but had well-priced options)- Reasonably priced.Negatives- One of the reasons I booked this hotel was for the gym. I am an athlete and needed to train at least three times whilst visiting (I was due to run in a race a few days after our return to England). Despite all literature saying a gym existed (including Expedia), there was no gym at the hotel (only a pool). Reception were not helpful in finding us other options, and were not apologetic. I had to pay for fitness facilities elsewhere (the hotel refused to pay, despite their own false advertising!). We are going to receive a refund for the gym fees and compensation from our tour operator (thank you Expedia!), but this left a sour taste in our mouths. Check before you leave if you do require a gym as I believe they are planning to put one in at some point.- Although our room maid changed the bedclothes and towels daily, the sink and bathroom floor were not cleaned all week, and we also don't think the room was hoovered.- The hotel was poorly soundproofed. On three occasions, other guests held all night parties and we could hear *every* sound. However, the double glazing IS good if you're staying on the road side.- We were put on a smoking floor despite asking for the contrary.- Although the rooms were sleek, there was some bad finishing. We had to wedge our sink open with a comb, the room door had to be rammed open and the maid broke our bath plug halfway through the week (this wasn't replaced).- Minor point: There is only one english-speaking TV channel (BBC World).- Minor point: The bar shuts at 11pm (bear in mind most people in Barcelona don't eat before 10pm, so it would have been nice to have had a drink on our return).- Very minor point: The internet was only available until 10.45pm.Overall, the B-Hotel IS good value for money and I would recommend it for the price you pay. However, don't be surprised if you encounter some issues during your stay - although hopefully they'll be minor!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dglass72
<Content>Ultra Sleek and Hip Hotel My cousin and I recently stayed for 4 nights at this ultra modern hip hotel overlooking Placa Espanya. The pictures did not do the hotel justice. From the moment you arrive in the minimal lobby you can't be anything but thrilled by the sleek design. The rooms albeit a little dark have all the modern comforts such as a flat screen tv, hi tech air conditioning and mini bar plus one of the most comfortable hotel beds i have slept in.The state of the art bathroom with wonderful power shower is fantasic. Overall i wouldn't hesitate in recomending anyone to stay here.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SumnerHotel
<Content>Good Location, Good Value, Amazing Rooftop Pool/Terrace Stayed here for a week in June during Barcelonas Sonar Festival. Impressed by the the clean chich modern design, light grey, beige and teak colour scheme, dimmer lighting, powerful aircon, large generous pillows, and a small balcony that faced the Plaza d' Espanya. Busy as the plaza is, the double glazing provided good sound proofing. Location was very good in that the Metro station was 1min walk away and a 10min tube ride into town; a cab back from town was no more than 10euro. But the feature that put this hotel a cut above the rest was the rooftop pool terrace. Featuring a moderately sized, infinity pool with views towards the plaza and montjuic, the best place we could imagine for a dawn wind down after a heavy night at the Sonar fest, or a dusk windup for that matter. During the day order a GT from the telephone nearby, lie back and soak up the jetset luxury feel. The ground floor bar wasn't finished when we were there in June, but looks like it will turn out cool when finished.Overall highly recommeneded.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wonderful Placa Espanya Hotel!!! I just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel (pre/post cruise). This is a wonderful modern hotel in a great location. The hotel is located near Placa Espanya area. Within 10 minutes walk from the hotel, you have access to the Placa Espanya Metro Station, Aerobus stop (3.45 Euros from airport, one way), convenience store, fountain show, Turisme de Barcelona booth, etc. The Placa Espanya metro stop is a 15 minute ride from Placa Catalunya Metro/Las Ramblas area. The taxi ride to the cruise port costs 9-11 Euros (one way) plus 1 Euro per piece of lugguage.As a female traveling alone, I felt safe walking from the metro to this hotel at night. The hotel has very modern decor, free internet on a computer terminal next to the breakfast area, rooftop swimming pool with wonderful views of Barcelona and non-smoking rooms available. The bathroom came with nice amenities - deep tub, plenty of towels and nice toiletries. The hotel room was spacious with two beds, couch, computer coded safe, and flat screen television. The hotel lobby was spacious and front desk staff helpful. The optional breakfast costs 12 Euros per person. The only issue was figuring out how to use the unique lighting system in the hotel room.I paid $100 + tax per night using a special Expedia deal. With the weak dollar, prepaying the hotel in U.S. dollars was advantageous.While in Barcelona, get a 2 day pass for the Bus Turistic (21 Euros) for a great overview of the major tourist attractions. The bus stops at Placa Espanya and information is available at the nearby Turisme de Barcelona booth. Must see Barcelona attractions include Las Ramblas, Placa Catalunya, Port Vell, Gaudi Architecture, Parc Guell (view from top level park benches is beautiful), Poble Espanyol (view from tower is spectacular)For shoppers, you should visit El Corte Ingles at Placa Catalunya and Diagonal Mar Shopping Center (Bus Turistic - Forum Stop).I enjoyed my first visit to Barcelona and look forward to future visits!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best! We stayed at this hotel as part of a 1 month tour of Europe and can say without doubt it was our favourite! Modern, stylish and lots of gadgets! The staff were very helpful, the room was heavenly - very tastefully decorated and a good location. We walked into town in about 20 minutes, or there is a metro (Plaza Espanya) right outside. I think the 3 star rating is unfair but reflects the fact that it doesn't have its own resturant, but does serve food, however there are a few cafes and resturants nearby as well as town. There is a supermarket (OpenCor) 2 minutes walk for essential snacks. There is internet access on the first floor for those without a laptop (two computers, but only one was working). The rooftop pool is great with excellent views. I would recommend this and stay again!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A modern twist on luxury at an amazing price! We originally chose this hotel because it was close the train station and did not expect much. But the B-hotel took us by surprize as soon as we walked into the lobby! It is absolutely beautiful, everything is brand new and extremely luxurious. We didn't want to leave the hotel. The beds are soft and comfortable and the lighting in the room is spectacular. It is about a 15minute walk to the main area in barcelona, las rambla, but well worth it for the price you won't find anything better.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great little hotel!!   showReview(3789169, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sixspikes
<Content>Excellent !   showReview(3759265, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FrequentFlyerDublin
<Content>B is for Bliss       The roof top pool overlooking Plaza Espana  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time at b-hotel   showReview(3720457, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>shagged
<Content>Wow: B-hotel was fantastic   showReview(3701003, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unique Hotel Experience   showReview(3636652, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice stay.   showReview(3605951, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(3588635, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChippyBrady
<Content>Very Nice Hotel   showReview(3502183, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel   showReview(3483170, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MojoPicon
<Content>Moderno, ma con piccoli accorgimenti da migliorare   showReview(22582129, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Bocadillo
<Content>Muy buen hotel   showReview(22578236, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Zion74
<Content>tres bien   showReview(20117285, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Voyage entre fr猫re   showReview(20553129, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bello   showReview(20553130, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Karolus
<Content>Moderno ma altrettanto scomodo!       matrimoniale superior 2  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	5	2	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TROP BIEN   showReview(19630496, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mandycou
<Content>Super Hotel Design   showReview(18907832, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tibor75
<Content>WE de r锚ve 脿 Barcelone   showReview(17583784, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Absolution
<Content>Bon H么tel       piscine  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beaucoup trop de bruyant (voitures+chantier   showReview(16587244, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>il design migliora la vita   showReview(15580760, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Madrid76
<Content>Me gust贸 el B-hotel   showReview(14955191, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alboa
<Content>Semplicemente Perfetto   showReview(14874753, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes, modernes Hotel...   showReview(16728826, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel es perfecto para la...   showReview(16724654, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il B-Hotel si caratterizza per...   showReview(14227036, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien situ茅, 脿 un jet...   showReview(13611021, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bonne hotel   showReview(13977077, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel r茅cent et agr茅able   showReview(13201940, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Catrine
<Content>Il miglior hotel di barcellona   showReview(12317894, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne localisation pour visiter...   showReview(12649594, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s beau hotel bien plac茅   showReview(11305706, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel,mais mal plac茅   showReview(11305705, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>immer wieder   showReview(11305707, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Peppone
<Content>Very fashionable hotel       una vista dalla terrazza - parco Mir貌  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>clem011
<Content>hotel g茅nial !!   showReview(8692676, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Per il nostro primo soggiorno a...   showReview(11408517, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(11453626, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vossvol
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel mit einigen Abstrichen   showReview(8367059, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Genauso, wie wir es uns vorgestellt haben.   showReview(11496594, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Yacarrie
<Content>H么tel design mais froid   showReview(7418725, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fr眉hst眉ck f眉r spanische...   showReview(11408518, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DBMilano
<Content>Das Hotel selbst: Hervorragend; die Lage: Fast perfekt   showReview(7260357, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Siech
<Content>Angenehmes Hotel mit modernen Zimmer   showReview(6920056, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wilburg
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(6899809, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Angela83
<Content>Encantados con el B Hotel   showReview(6752271, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel con ottimo servizio   showReview(11384218, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>absolut zu empfehlen   showReview(11358997, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr guter Standard in guter Lage zu den Sehensw眉rdigkeiten   showReview(11358995, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Squeed
<Content>Classe   showReview(5822622, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>seestern
<Content>Mittelm盲脽ig   showReview(5769825, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	-1	3	4	

<Author>ste70
<Content>excellent   showReview(5730492, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Designhotel   showReview(11335172, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres agreable   showReview(11335164, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tr猫s bonne adresse   showReview(4721731, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

