<Author>hea27
<Content>Restful and luxurious but not the best. Price: SGD399 + tax. Breakfast SGD44 per adult.Room: 13th floor, king bed, great size, spotlessly clean, superb bathroom (bath, shower, and two basins).Service: friendly and helpful. Location: across from the Marina/Esplanade. Linked by flight of stairs to Marina Square shopping centre. Less than 10 minutes walk to Raffles City shopping centre. SGD20 taxi fare from airport. Breakfast: delicious! Friendly staff and every possible thing you could want to eat. Expensive if you only want a quick bite. Pool  Spa: pool was very relaxing with a great view of the city. Spa was lovely but too expensive as you can get the same - if not better/longer - treatments at other top spas.Overall: a lovely hotel that we really enjoyed but won't re-visit. We splurge on luxury hotels when we don't have much time in the city, or when we really need a break and, unfortunately, this one didn't provide us with value for money. We thought breakfast was expensive, and internet access wasn't included either. If money is no object, then we guess you'll love it. But then again, you'll probably choose a better hotel!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	4	2	

<Author>Tsunami_5
<Content>Lovely views, Terrible service My husband and I were celebrating our wedding anniversary, so we decided to end our trip in the lap of luxury by staying at the Mandarin Oriental during our stop in Singapore.The hotel's exterior is unimpressive and not indicative of the modern interiors and stunning rooms. We were trying to decide between the Ritz Carlton and Mandarin Oriental (incidentally right next to each other with almost a shared courtyard), but chose the MO due to its floor-to-ceiling windows and high reviews.Overall, we were not as satisfied with the property as we'd like for the following reasons:- For the price charged and the kind of brand, service was extremely disappointing to say the least:1. God help you if you try to order a DVD...according to their in-room directory, you are supposed to call guest services if you would like to order a DVD after 11pm. When I called Guest Services, the lady was first surprised by my request and then transferred me to the concierge desk. No one answered the phone at the concierge desk, so I called guest services back and explained no one was answering the phone. Her response? 'Oh! Let me transfer you again' and before I could say anything, I'd been transferred again. Finally after a good amount of waiting, the concierge deigned to answer the call. When I tried to explain the situation and that I only wanted to rent a DVD, he cut me off in the middle of the explanation and said 'I will have a colleague bring up the list of DVDs to your room'. Of course, the colleague, much less the DVD menu, never showed up.2. I called Baggage Services to have our luggage picked up before 4pm as we were in a bit of hurry to catch our flight. The attendant asked for number of bags and confirmed someone would be at our door by 3:55. Of course, no one showed up. When I called at about 4:05pm, the attendant had no clue about the request and asked me for number of bags again and said someone would be up immediately...finally showed up at about 4:15pm.- Overpriced: the in-room dining rates are exorbitant for the kind of food. For 2 Penne Arrabiatta and 1 dessert, we were charged SGD 105. Though the pasta was nice, it was not worth the price. Dessert was great though.- Rigid: Breakfast stays open till 10:30, which is fine. If you happen to come at 10:28 like me and try to order omelette at 10:31, too bad. They will no longer serve from the buffet and you will have to order from the a la carte menu. As the staff is extremely busy cleaning up the buffet after the stroke of 10:30, service is extremely slow. At one point, it took the waiter 15 mins to get toast, by which time the rest of my husband's breakfast had gone cold.That said, the room was stunning with floor-to-ceiling window that faced the harbour and the Singapore Eye. Lit up at night, it was truly lovely.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>otsthedog
<Content>Comfortable hotel Arrived very late one evening - around 1 a.m. Staff immediately jumped to attend to luggage and check me in. Took almost no time.Had to be at conference next morning at 8 a.m. -- luckily could walk there from hotel after receiving directions from staff.Room was excellent - as was bathroom. Separate shower  tub. Toilet in a partially walled off area, but without a door. Bath amenities were also pretty nice including more than the usual. Despite open air atmosphere of hotel, it always seemed hushed. Swimming pool was excellent for early morning workouts. Was much longer than traditional hotel pools. Upon exiting pool, found that hotel staff had left cool wet washcloth and glass of water next to my belongings. Fitness center was also excellent with same attentiveness. Had breakfast at hotel only one morning -- buffet at main restaurant. Very extensive and excellent quality. Needed to really pace myself.Assortment of newspapers offered.Highly recommended hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Purplemuffin
<Content>Perfect 5 Star Experience!       Magnificent View from Our Room  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Schroedinger
<Content>Fantastic! This hotel is probably the best I've ever been to. The rooms are great: clean, large, beautiful. Food is fantastic, in particular the magnificent breakfast. Not to mention the service, which was simply awesome. Do opt for a room with a harbour view - it's great!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ExpatinCairo
<Content>DIsappointed! Lacked Ambience We arrived at 7am on Dec 6th and had booked our interconnecting rooms from 2pm on the 5th so that after our long flight we would have guaranteed access to our rooms. Despite this, the rooms were not ready and would not be until 3pm that afternoon although they offered us 2 separate rooms next to each other until they became available. Not great when you have 2 young children and you have spent a lot of time getting everything right and double confirming this with them 48 hrs before arrival. Despite this and having to talk to Front Desk manager, Direcor of rooms etc this was sorted by midday.The view of the harbour currently is very disappointing given all the building work, cranes etc so much so that we preferred the non harbour views. We have stayed in many 5 Star Hotels and whilst the service was great and the staff knew us by name it lacked something. We could not access the Club Lounge due to the ages of our children so not sure if this would have made a difference. If you are a business traveller this hotel would be great but as a tourist I think this would be a little disappointing. We had expected it to be like the one in Kuala Lumpur but it is not. It is hard to point to specifically what it is about the hotel..it is 5 Star service but lacks atmosphere.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	1	4	4	

<Author>JunianSH
<Content>Outstanding Service I stayed there for 4 nights last week. The room had a great view to the harbour. The sound system in the room was latest technology and it was easy to hookup my ipod. But what was really outstanding was the attention by the staff. They knew my name imediately and everybody was caring and trying to be of help, without giving the impression of being pushy. And every one would do the extra mile.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>EdwinT
<Content>Great Service, wonderful view We stayed 4 night at The Oriental Club with a Harbour view room. The Club lounge is great, excellent service, food and atmosphere. Overall the staff is very helpfull and all can be arranged. Lot's of personal attention!Wasabi restaurant is less perfect but you can't have it all. Location is perfect to Orchard road. Not directly on thebusy street but close enough by MRT and Suntec mall.View to the Marina, Financial district and The Fullerton is wonderfull. They can leave the curtains out of the room :-). Compliments to the staff!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>stefano94123
<Content>OK We enjoyed our 5-day stay at the MO Singapore. However, be warned about a quirk in their bathrooms: even though they have bidets, both the hot and cold water faucets are hooked up to the cold water water pipe, so that when you take a bidet, it's going to freeze your undercarriage. When I asked the staff, they said they called engineering and ALL the rooms had the same problem because of the location of the hot/cold water pipes.I think a 5-start hotel should have a bidet and a usable one to boot. Lacking one, or even worse, pretending to have one but then rendering it non-functional, is very poor showing indeed.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mark_from_Thailand
<Content>Expensive ... but great This is a great hotel in many waysGood location next door to Marina Square shopping which, itself is next door to City Hall MRT station.Great staff, always smiling  prepared to help.Good location for large business event. We held a 250 person conference there  it went very smoothly.Rooms are comfortable with all facilities you come to expect (good bed, internet, decent TV, comfortable bathroom with decent shower).Food is ok, if a little unexciting in the restaurants.Concierge is very happy to recommend places to go out to see  advise how best to get there.Staff are flexible too. I had to extend my stay due to the problems in Thailand  there were no problems accomodating me at short notice.All in all great - only niggle is the price. It seems expensive, even for what you get.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SDHokie
<Content>Absolutely Outstanding.       Bedroom in Suite  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jgelsis
<Content>Modern hotel,modern city A hotel with perfect organization,friendly service and modern decoration!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>695
<Content>Excellent This hotel lived up to our high expectations and more.Check-in staff were friendly and helpful and presented us with a room upgrade and bottle of wine since it was our honeymoon. The room itself was spacious and well designed with plasma TV, DVD player etc.The buffet breakfast was exceptional - probably the best in any hotel I've had around the world - and well worth getting included in your rate if possible. The hotel location is good with some sights, shopping centres and a metro station nearby.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PXL
<Content>Our Mandarin Stay Stayed at ocean suite for 3 days with two children. Checking in was fast and our request for humifier was promptly arranged.Room was clean. During the night time, the lighted up of Singapore flyer made it an interesting view to see.We had our meals at Melt cafe, Dolce Vita and Cherry Garden. We enjoy the daily breakfasts at Melt cafe and food variety / quality is very good compare to other hotels. Only disappointment is that room service which we ordered the steak to be prepared in medium and it came well done. Notice that MO staffs would reply you 'certainly' and i think that management plays a big part to ensure you enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Julie-AnnFrost
<Content>Loved It - Will Go Back       Nice Swimming Pool  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BeHappyM8
<Content>Sensational Service We stayed here at the end of our 4 week Italian and Parisian holiday and although we received some very welcoming and warm hospitality in Europe, it was nothing compared to the 5 star service at the Mandarin Oriental.From the moment we were personally taken up to our upgraded Junior Suite (it was our 25th Wedding Anniversary and it was so sweet of Management to mark this with an upgrade) by a delightful and engaging Concierge till the moment we left 3 days later, the service and attention to detail was faultless.No-one needs to be fawned over but gee, it's nice to feel like royalty and the staff here could just not do enough for you.The hotel itself is magnificent as is the pool area which we chose to relax by after a month of walking, walking, walking. Again the service here was excellent, always bringing you complimentary water or frozen fruit or whatever.Our view of the Esplanade on the Bay and the entertainment warming up for Singapore's National Day topped off a most relaxing and welcoming stay.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fly2it
<Content>As Good As It Gets We have just returned from seven days at the Mandarin Oriental and what a stay. The moment that we stepped out of the immigration hall, we where greeted by the hotel representative and taken back to the MO by a Mercedes.We were greeted by the hotel staff that where waiting for us at the front door, check-in was quick and smooth inside our room. Due to past experience we had booked a Club Harbour View room, but where upgraded to Club Harbour View suite. The view from these rooms at night is just fantastic with the Merlion standing at the entrance to the Singapore River to the back drop of the financial district.The rooms are all well appointed with impeccable d茅cor that has a high standard of maintenance from the housekeeping team. The bags arrived within a few minutes of the check-in. The beds are very comfortable with a choice of pillows available to meet most needs. The housekeeping team serviced the room several times during the day and a turn down service was undertaken during evening cocktails. The bathroom was modern and well appointed with tub and a shower the toiletries where of a good standard.Visited Melt to experience the famous buffet breakfast and was not disappointed, the buffet was extensive, fresh and offered plentiful choice.  Breakfast was also taken in the Club Lounge this was of a more formal offering where you are treated as individuals by professional dedicated staff.Used the gym on a daily basis, this had recently been refurbished with new Techno equipment, cold towels along with iced water always on hand. The pool and surrounding areas where spotless, the staff where very attentive anticipating your every need, offering iced water and cold towels upon arrival and several offerings of sorbets along with iced fruit. The club comes alive each evening and is a special place to unwind and enjoy some fabulous cocktails and canap茅s. One of the most over looked benefits offered to Club gests is a 20:00 check out, with most flights back into Europe departing around 23:00 it good to have a late check out.Any visit to MO must include an Oriental Club package.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gomamagodover
<Content>Great Service       Check-in pot of tea  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>uigedail
<Content>Outstanding Hotel First stay in Singapore, this hotel is outstanding. Everything went smoothly, from the airport pickup to the airport drop off. I had a Club City room, it was extremely clean and wired for everything. Room service was expensive, but the portions were very large. The Club had excellent food and beverages available all day long, it was just as advertised, like being an excellent airport style first class lounge. All staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. I'll be back.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>welshtrav
<Content>Magnificent MOS Not sure about the reviews below but my stay was my tenth. A fact recognised by the hotel. Having been picked up at the airport We were wisked from the car straight to the suite (we had been upgraded to recognise our 10th stay) It was fantastic. A card from the staff in the Club and the General Manager along with a bottle of wine and fruit waited for us)  The stay was perfect we were recognised by name everywhere we went. The staff were so attentive and could not have been more helpful, The pool was alway a delight with the staff greeting people as they arrived and providing water, sorbets and fruit throughout the day. Melt had the most amazing breakfast buffet and the Club also provided an excellent breakfast experience. Cocktails were always a pleasurable experiece with a wide range of food offerings available and impecable service. This hotel is in an excellent location and you are treated to memorable hospitality from the moment you approach the hotel. We will return!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LindaEdinburgh
<Content>Perfect start to our Honeymoon Loved everything about this hotel, puts the UK service to shame. Room we had was an Ocean suite and the views were incredible, large glass floor to ceiling windows all the way round the room. The soft furnishings, bathroom and even toiletries were all thought out so well and in keeping with the Oriental feel. Fresh fruit was delivered every morning and our bed was turned down with new slippers each night - not expected! The service was first class and the added bonus of using the club hour for drinks and nibbles each night was well worth it. I could go on and on! We wish we had had longer to enjoy the experience and if one day we ever go back to Singapore we will stay at the Oriental.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>frequentravller
<Content>Bad We stayed for 4 nights. All rooms 'supposedly' renovated. Our non smoking room smelled of cigar smoke and the ancient TV did not work. To get a laundry pick up or any housekeeping/bellboy requirements took two calls.The second being the reminder.Our second room had a massive leak at 1am from the ceiling though a light fitting ruining my make up. For our troubles we just got a limo to the airport. This hotel - no comparison to its Bangkok or Hong Kong branch.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>BarneyGrimsby_UK
<Content>Won't go back Having stayed in Mandarin Oriental properties before, we were looking forward greatly to our stay.We arrived early in the morning after a very long flight from London expecting to check in straight away as we had paid extra for this, only to be told ourroom was not yet ready. Not a good start. They did provide us with coffee and toast from the breakfast buffet, but we had to sit in a corner almost in the corridor outside the breakfast room and were left to sit there for a couple of hours. Not good when you are exhausted and just want to get some sleep. A receptionist eventually came to find us only to tell us our room had been ready all along. No apology was given though. So we went to check in for the second time, only to find we were only booked in on a room only basis. Again we had paid for bed and breakfast. The receptionist was not pleased when I told her ths and dismissed this in an offhand way, eventually saying they would contact our tour operator. Too tired to follow this up further we went to our room.Our room was lovely. It was spacious and clean and had everything we needed. The bed was very comfortable and no noise could be heard from adjoining rooms or the corridor.There were several restaurants in the hotel but we only used the breakfat buffet. The other restaurants were expensive although they didi look nice. Singapore is full of excellent places to eat, why limit yourself to a hotel? The breakfast was excellent, with a huge choice. It only ever had about 3 people in it every time we went in. I'm not sure it warranted 4 staff at the door, each saying good morning and walking us to our table. Too much fuss for our liking. The fresh juice section of the buffet was particulalry brilliant with so much choice.The pool was good. The attendants rolled out the towels and brought fresh iced water regularly. We didn't spend much time here though. We had a view of the pool from our room and it never had more than a handful of people sat out there.The concierge seemed too interested in talking to his mate the first time we wanted to talk to him. The second time we tried, we asked about getting booked on the breakfast with the animals at th zoo. We were pleased to get this sorted. When we asked him to book us a taxi, we found we had been booked on an organised coach tour. It was very good, but this was not what we asked the concierge to do for us.Our problem with our booking was still not sorted the day before we were checking out. I had to get in touch with our travel agaent back home before this was acually corrected.The staff in the hotel are overly attentive. We felt uncomfortable with the fact that when you walked in the lobby there were at least 6 staff waiting to say good evening to you. I'm sure some people expect this sort of fawning, but it does nothing for us. 1 person is surely enough.The hotel has some very good points but we were not bowled over by the service we got. When we return to Singapore we will be looking for an alternative hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>Gryffx
<Content>absolutely disappointing Although the personnel is very friendly and the service fantastic, the stay itself was absolutely and unbeatably horrible and my #1 worst stay at a hotel ever. - Internet wasn't working properly- Aircon blew right into my face when in bed- TV-loudspeakers cracking, switching randomly off and on- neighbour's voices as they would have been sitting in my very own room- bright light from the lobby shining into my room- the jazz-bar blasting it's sound through the closed door into my roomI got an upgrade checking in, which was downgraded again to a smaller room when complaining and demanding a room change. But most of all: I wasn't sure about the length of my stay when checking in and was assured by the receptionist that I will be able to check out earlier. Checking out, I was told that there is no reimbursement and my room rate will be fully charged for the additional night, since I booked through hotels.com.I expected so much from this hotel but will definitely never come back again.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Factory_Chris
<Content>Perfect in every way Just returned from a four night stay here and cannot say enough about how fantastic the whole experience was.We stayed in a Ocean Suite - decent size, well equipped room with a small balcony.Two things really stand out for me; one, the breakfast, there was an amazing selection of food on offer; noodles, sushi, Indian, Chinese, dim sum and the usual bacon, eggs, etc. There really is something for everyone all in in a nice relaxed atmosphere.And secondly; the service - little extra touches really made the difference; rose petals in the bath when we arrived, cold towels and sorbets brought to you jus when ou need then around the pool, front desk/front door/lift staff always attentive and friendly - they really make you feel special.The bar in the evening was really good aswell. A great view and good selection of drinks all in a chilled out atmosphere with live laid back jazz!I can definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay somewhere 'a bit special'.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wallis1326
<Content>Loved the Mandarin Oriental We have just returned from three nights at the Mandarin Oriental - what a hotel, from entering to leaving the hotel everything is first class. We opted for a Club Room - this is highly recommended, it starts with a wonderful breakfast either continental or select from the menu, the foods on offer on the breakfast bar are incredible from the variety of fruits and nuts to the selection of breads. All day long it is tea, coffee, fruit juice, a selection of snacks plus peace and quiet. For two hours 5 - 7 it is cocktail time, any alcoholic beverage you may want plus a selection of nibbles more than enough for a light meal, then until 10.30ish it is coffee, tea, and a variety of soft drinks. The staff in the Club room are all very friendly and helpful. The bedrooms are just fantastic, we overlooked the harbour which at night was quite magical with all the buildings being lit up. Once we had registered at the hotel everyone was aware of our names and never failed to ask if we were ok, needed help or were just friendly. This is one of the best hotels and I only hope I will be lucky enough to return one day.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cburrell
<Content>Excellent service at the Mandarin       Grand Prix Circuit  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alipeper
<Content>The best hotel ever!!!       Mandarin Oriental - interior  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DRKR
<Content>Avoid this hotel when travelling with kids! If you go to Singapore with kids, better avoid the MO! The hotel pretends to be child-friendly, so for a 4-days stopover way back from Bali to Europe we have chosen the MO (instead of the Shangri-La Valley Wing like last year): big mistake! As we wanted to have a drink before dinner in the Hotel-Lounge: no entry for kids after 5 pm is the strict rule; Club Lounge: no kids at all is the strict rule; Hotel Lobby: not existing. So there was no place for us for a relaxed champagne aperitif. Having asked the on-duty-manager for the sense of this regulation, the answer was Oh yes Sir, we are a child-friendly-hotel. Due to a prepaid room for my brother  wife next door to us we were unable to move to another hotel, so very unlikely we have sto stay here. Having a quite and not-runaway-kid and having stayed in a lot of luxury city-hotels, this was truly a unique experience: this did not happen in any othe hotel we stayed before. So if you have kids with you and like having aperitifs, you better avoid this hotel and stay elsewhere! The child-friendly-attribute is just pretending and not true.If you travel alone, the MO is OK, nice but very small (!) rooms (we had a Harbour Suite with beautiful view), and excellent breakfast (in Melt Caf茅); Dolce Vita Italian restaurant was nothing to write about , average food. But we were just glad, that we were allowed to go to the restaurants with our kid. Nice pool  well equipped fitness center. Service is excellent and on level of rating.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Fee33
<Content>Excellent Service Stayed in the Mandarin for 3 nights when the city was prepating form the F1. Excellent hotel, having stayed in several other Mandarin hotels, this one lived up to my expectations! Excellent Service. In room check in on the club floor was a nice touch after a long flight. Rooms are excellent with great views over the harbour (see my pic).The bars were lovely and the club lounge serves an excellent singapore sling! My only concern with the location was that it didn't feel very safe to go out exploring because there are main roads all around the hotel and it's not very pedestrian friendly, but a short trip in a taxi will take you where you want to go! Overall It was a lovely stay and Singapore as a city break is ideal. The shopping is excellent and there's a really nice mall joined onto the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gecko10
<Content>Could have been better Welcome and check-in was a little bit below expectations. Staff was very friendly but the personal touch was missing. The room was ok nothing very special. The Clubfloor lounge is very large and serves very good snacks. The Chinese Restaurant on the 5th floor has excellent food and service is above expectations.The Bar was a bit disappointing.Overall the Hotel is a little bit below what you would expect from a Mandarin Oriental in Asia. I have been staying in the Ritz-Carlton which is next door and has more spirit to it, so the next time I will prefer staying there.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>shelley_75
<Content>Charming details I have always admired the fine details of Mandarin Hotels, but, was extra pleased with the newly renovated Mandarin Oriental. Situated close to the Esplanade Park, this hotel has the charm unique to Mandarin Hotels.The standard rooms are mid-sized, yet had all the necessities needed by a business traveller. In all my trips, I always make it a point to try 2 things: (1) buffet breakfast and (2) room service. The buffet breakfast met the basic standard of serving continental + local items. Of course, the dimsum was quite good! Room service was excellent which made me decide to go for room service in my entire 5 days of stay.I also liked the good night truffles.While the lobby is quite small, checking in and out was not a problem.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RedzerH
<Content>Fabulous stay at the Mandarin Oriental We spent two nights at the Mandarin Oriental and had a fantastic stay. The level of service is superior, the rooms dressed to perfection and the location amazing. The staff try to foresee every potential need you might have such as taxis etc without needing to be asked. The F1 preparation was being undertaken around the hotel and we enjoyed being able to watch this from the room and to see fantastic views generally. The japanese restaurant was amazing.I have nothing negative to say because this hotel clearly sets an example.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sin2bad
<Content>fab hotel but pricy fab hotel and location with unbelieveable scenery from ocean view room. staff very friendly and extremely helpful. beds were really cosy and comfy and services were very good in hotel internet access avail at a charge. hotel spa and cocktails in bar were fab and only let down was choice of food and portions in chinese restaurant. was left hungry!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gfox7
<Content>Take a bow Mandarin Oriental Singapore!       The Bathroom at MO  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fleetcat
<Content>Really Great Stay This is clearly a greatly loved hotel and for many reasons - not only does it offer all the benefits of a first class city hotel - great choice of restaurants, superb spa, comfortable rooms, good business facilities etc but also a generous swimming pool area with plenty of comfortable sunbeds and resort style service. Food was among the best we have had in a hotel. Don't really like the architecture but very easy to ignore in such comfort.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scoobydum77
<Content>Not that great Hotel itself is very nice, but nothing special. It is very modern but lacks any real charm. We arrived late and decided to catch the buffet before it finished. The cost for two plus one glass of wine and two cokes worked out just under 拢100!! Food was not of a great standard. Cost of a glass of wine in the bar was around 拢11. Wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Floridot
<Content>Outstanding service, wonderful hotel I can't speak highly enough of our stay at the Mandarin Oriental, Singapore. From arrival to departure we receive the best service of the many hotels we stayed in on a round the world trip. We arrived very early morning after an overnight flight and were greeted with smiles and a lovely breakfast. We had a beautiful suite overlooking Marina Bay and the Singapore skyline and it was just perfect, with wonderful touches and the most comfy bed in the world. We ate in all of the restaurants and every one was a delight - particularly the Cherry Garden and Morton's. The swimming pool with regular service of iced fruits was just perfect after a hot day's shopping. We also made use of the Business Centre which had excellent facilities and the staff there were so helpful and courteous. The service as this hotel was outstanding, we felt that many hotels could benefit from the customer service training the Mandarin Oriental provides to its staff - they seemed to anticipate our needs before we even asked. The shops and attractions are really not far away and it was a delight to wander along the waterside, visit Clarke's Quay and see the Christmas lights on Orchard Road. This was a particularly special visit for my husband who lived in Singapore as a youngster so we looked forward to a very special return - we were not disappointed and we will certainly return to this hotel whenever we visit Singapore.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TonyLPerth
<Content>First class all the way The Mandarin Oriental rates as the best hotel I have ever stayed in. From the moment you enter reception you receive a very warm welcome that extends throughout the stay. We stayed on the 14th floor and the room was of reasonable size, but had a stunning view of the water. The bed was easily the most comfortable we have ever slept in, it was simply beautiful and enabled us to enjoy a very relaxing stay. The room decor was simple yet stylish, the bathroom functioned well and was luxurious, however doors to the toilet could be a useful addition.The buffet breakfast was extensive, fresh and offered a plethora of choice. The coffee/tea and table service was of the highest standard, however if there was one complaint I would make it would be that that the service at times was too efficient to the point where the coffee didn't taste as great due to all the top ups. The staff are very well drilled and there was only double up on a juice order which was amazing considering their workload.Over our stay the staff became friendlier (hard to believe but true) and the daily breakfast ritual become a pleasure. The dinner buffet was a feast, and was reasonably priced at $70 per person. Again as per the breakfast the choices were extensive.The location when taxis are cheap and plentiful was never a consideration. Singaporeans are very proud of having the F! come to them, and our room was directly opposite part of the track which did result in some daytime noise but nothing excessive. The hotel is adjacent to a well decked out shopping centre (set of stairs near hotel entrance) if you do not want to travel into the Orchard Rd district.A complete, luxurious and well appointed hotel worthy of a 5 star rating.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sambakongen
<Content>Nice but then it all came apart.... My wife and I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for 6 days in late august following a 7 day stay at The Regent. We had booked a club room using the Mandarin Oriental promotion with American Express (stay 3 days and pay only for 2).We were quite pleased with the hotel until our 3rd day. Staying in a club room we had been to the club lounge each day for breakfast and although there was a sign at the entrance mentioning the dresscode (no shorts and no open-toed sandals) this was widely ignored by the guests and on the 3rd day my wife walked in in flip-flops and was stopped at the entrance being advised she could not enter in those flip-flops. Pointing our that from the entrance she could see 2 other ladies in similar flip-flops, she was advised that the other ladies were wearing flip-flops not made from rubber.... My wife went to the room to change and the following day the club lounge manager stopped me in my tracks asking if my wife was upset over the incidence? Why the club lounge manager did not ask my wife I don't know, but I said that my wife was of course upset at having been discriminated at. Then it all fell apart for the club lounge manager... She said that they had approached the other ladies in the club lounge after turning my wife away and asked them to change shoes as my wife had pointed out they were not following the dress code. Some lame excuses followed and the manager asked me if things were now in order since they had ensured no one showed up in flip-flops. I was flabbergasted!!! I tried to explain the manager that we had nothing against the other guests wearing flip-flops but we had something against the hotel choosing to apply its policies at the entrance to some people and not to others. As we stood in the entrance to the club lounge talking about this, 2 ladies by the way walked in in flip-flops and were not stopped. The club lounge manager had no clue what I was referring to - and that is the exact reason I will never stay at a mandarin oriental hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>OldVillain
<Content>Quite simply, stunning!       The staff at the front door.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bigkeeper
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stay A first class hotel, with top-notch staff and personalized service. Every part of our stay was enjoyable. The moment we stepped out of immigration, we were greeted by our driver in a Mercedes. Upon departure, we were dropped off at Changi Airport in a Mercedes. The Oriental Club Level is terrific and most relaxing.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JBean73
<Content>Excellent Hotel in Singapore Stayed here for 2 nights in a club room from 22 Aug during the Singapore National day fireworks. The hotel must have been busy as the view from the harbour rooms of the fireworks is phenomenal. Despite being busy the service was excellent. The room, restuarants and services were all excellent. The staff very friendly and helpful. I liked the location, away from the hustle and bustle of Orchard road, but very close by taxi if you wanted to do some shopping. It was great to walk around the Marina area.I'd call it an understated 5 star luxury hotel that isnt pretentious, but has everything you require from a 5 star luxury hotel as a business traveller.I have stayed in many Singapore hotels and I will definately being staying at the Mandarin Oriental again on my next trip to Singapore in a few weeks times.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jenny-Vic
<Content>Just Fantastic! My husband and I have just returned from Singpore Mandarin oriental. The hotel is really fantastic, we stayed on the club level with its own concierge and club lounge, where we had great breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktails with hors d'oeuvres before dinner.We have not experienced the SPA, because it was fully booked.We have been spoiled since we arrived at the airport, where a limo was waiting for us with cold, refreshing towels and bottles of water.We would definetely come back.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>erickred
<Content>great staff, great hotel, great breakfast !! Spent one night only at the Mandarin Oriental.We booked one Executive room with access to the executive lobby and late check out at no charge. Thus, we spent two full days in Singapore before going back home.The room is a top floored and handsome viewed room.We chose a bay view room.The executive lobby allow you to get free drinks all day long.The breakfast is trully extraordinary and delicious. We took a glass of champagne while eating our cramble eggs !The hotel is located close to a big mall and a train station.Tips : it's cheaper and quicker to get a cab from/to the airport.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MorganJ
<Content>Just OK I stayed in the hotel for 2 days as a business traveller. My room was a Junior Seaview suite. My feelings with regard to this place is mixed. The location is alright but not really within walking distance to the cool shopping areas, and the coastal view is a bit gloomy. Its not really something for a holiday sort of stay. For business use, it was excellent location wise - very close to the financial district, yet still luxurious. Fairly quiet corner of the city.Optically, the building is pretty hideous (as is much of Singapore from this time period). Inside its obvious that it has been upgraded (a lot) inside - recently. The lobby, elevators and restaurants were definatly of 5 star grade. The front desk service and lobby staff, also. (classic asian style service, tons and tons of employees). The rooms themselves were not really to my liking. I mean, lets keep it real here - the room price of a suite - is under 500 euro - so compared to europe or attractive parts of the US, it's not exactly expensive. But... The bathrooms had dated style marble - which was not very nice, the ligthing was generally poor (which is never a good sign), the windows / sliding doors were of original vintage, which detracted from the luxury feel. The AC was sort of weird, if you put it on 20c, it was meatlocker cold, anything above 20c (incl. 20.5) equaled 35c++ and very high humidity. Weird. The carpet was nice, but never felt clean. The amenities were plentiful. The minibar and TV was very 1990's. Generally the room just didn't feel crisp in any way. Scrapes and stuff all over the place. The closets stank like they had been closed for 15 years. Also, the shower had nice long black hairs in it, not so nice. ;(Cleaning (besides from the hairs) was mediocre. So... I guess... Not horrible, not great. Personally, I wouldnt go there again.Oh, the Mortons steakhouse at the hotel was as good as the ones in the states. Very very nice.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	5	4	2	

<Author>Morpheus07
<Content>Impeccable Service We got an Executive Club room and requested a high floor. This was accommodated as we were on the 18th floor. When we got dropped off at the hotel, it was buzzing with people...at least 7 people were jostling into position to open car doors, check us in, welcome / greet us, open front hotel door, call the elevator, etc. I think over the 2.5 days there we were welcomed at least 100 times! The people are really warm and friendly and we can say was some of the best overall service that we have received. After a while it may seem a bit over the top but still nice! With the Executive Club room, you get access to the Executive Lounge on the 19th floor. Views are to the 'back' and not out the 'front' towards the marina or city skyline. That said, the food, snacks, drinks and comfort settings / furniture are very good. You can also use free wireless internet access up there...in case you don't know, the whole city of Singapore is wireless and anyone can register and access free internet, even tourists. I would also recommend paying the extra $20 or so to get a harbour / city skyline Executive Club Room looking over the 'front' rather than the 'back'. We made the mistake of not doing this.Pros- service, politeness of staff- quality of fittings and furnishings- cleanliness- foodCons- S$105 for a 1-way Merc E-Class ride to airport not worth the value (big S-Class Merc is S$155)- shopping mall attached to hotel is very average- Morton's Steak House not open for lunchOn a side note, we did the Night Safari at the Singapore Zoo and would recommend this for a good time.To wrap up, we'll be back!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Ed05
<Content>Excellent Hotel A really world class hotel. I stayed in a club harbour view room. Im my opinion it is well worth the extra to stay on the club floor. You receive champagne(moet) breakfast, afternoon tea, internet access and evening cocktails included in the price and the very nice atmosphere of the club lounge on the 19th floor.You can also benefit from in room check in and check out away from the crowd in the club. The room was very comfortable and benefited from a great view.As an aside I left a coupe of personal items in the room after we had checked out. They were delivered to me airside at Changi before departing. Impressive service.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JedH
<Content>Five star experience. We stayed five nights and six days and booked a harbour room through their Internet. We also booked airport pick up, used their concierge, exchanged money, checked out their gym, ate at their restaurant and used room service and dry cleaning/laundry. 1. Airport pick up: the driver was on time holding a paper printed with the guest's name outside the baggage area. We got the exact car that we wanted and it had two cold bottles of water and cold towels ready. 2. Check in: we were greeted right after we got out of the car and escorted to the room. Tea and fresh fruit was waiting. Our room was on the 20th floor with harborview. Luggage arrived quickly. 3. Room: floor to ceiling windows, extra amenities like emergency flashlight, umbrella, two robes, two slippers, complimentary bottled water daily, Molton brown toiletries, bath salts in tub, loofa scrub, some office supplies (staples, hilighter) room, night light. High tech lighting controls as well as privacy indicator. There was an indirect view from the bathroom due to the glass wall. Two toilet paper racks in bathroom, three phones (one in bathroom) a tub and a shower and one sink. 3. Concierge: excellent service and we used them to book a few tours (malacca was a good one but tiring, raffles tiffin, night safari riverboat, flyer). Money exchange was a breeze with them4. Dryclean: they found a button missing and insisted on paying for it. Price is high but expected. They returned our clothes the same day despite dropping it off at lunch. Laundry was neatly folded in a basket with a flower on top. Clothes were in plastic (not wires) hangers in the closet. 5. Room service: brought a table with food kept in a warmer. Arrived in 20 minutes and picked in five. Great selection of Indian,American local cuisine. 6. Location: across from the esplanade, attached to marina mall, walking distance to merlion, singapore river but we used cabs to go everywhere which was cheap. It was too hot to walk. 7. Food at The melt. Get the breakfast rate or it could be pretty pricey. We came in 10 min before closing and they extended the closing time. 8. Gym with cold towels water and techno equipment. Overlooking pool Spotless. 9.Customer service was their strongest asset. Always with a smile and anticipated our every need. No worries was their motto. Concierge walked you out after calling a cab. Housekeeping was excellent with attention to details. Change in throwpillows during turndown Amazing. Everyone knew our names. Minor quirks (which might just be me): wifi is not free,(30 sgd/day or 20/12 hrs 15/ 6 hrs etc ) it is free if you booked the club lounge. My pet peeve was that the hair dryer was attached. With that view I would have loved to move around. No flat screen tv but with surround speakers. Overall the best experience we've had in Singapore due to both the view and customer service We have tried the ritz and the four seasons (comparable customer service) but mo has both. We would definitely return. Suggest: try Singapore flyer, night safari, riverboat 30 min trip, malacca only if you have time, sentosa cable car, images museum, chili crab with man toux bread (east coast seafood).  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SSS2005
<Content>Always the best... Our second stay at MO, Sing in as many years. They have never let us down. We booked a City Suite through Amex and were upgraded to a Harbour View Suite. Spent 7 nights there.The staff could not be nicer... right from the Bellboys to the Room Service folks. We were travelling with my 2yr old daughter. She was virtually adopted by the folks working at Melt - the fabulous breakfast restaurant. We did a lot of room service for my daughter - dinner time - and they would make us off-the-menu items. We used their excellent baby sitting services too - hotel staff. Due to the National Day Parade it was a bit noisy with all the practicing going on but we didn't mind. At their rehersal my daughter got to enjoy the spectacle from our balcony - including some nice fireworks. This is a fabulous hotel - don't think twice about booking to stay here.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cooki
<Content>Spectacular Hotel with Unbeatable Service From the outside the Mandarin Oriental looks rather unimaginative, but as soon as you step inside you are transported to hotel nirvana. The lobby is spectacular, albeit somewhat dark, with striking artwork and a large reception area that easily accommodates large numbers of guests arriving simultaneously. We were greeted by lovely reception staff, and were upgraded to a suite and provided with late checkout til 6pm. Upon booking we had mentioned that we were traveling for our anniversary, so the hotel saw fit to put us up in a fantastic room. In less than ten minutes we were riding one of the panoramic lifts in the atrium up to our room.Although we have often stayed in hotel suites, this particular one was no mere hotel room, but rather a full apartment in itself, with a separate dining area, kitchen, living room, and bedroom. The decor throughout was impeccable, and the service continued to raise the bar. Perfectly timed with our arrival, our bags came split seconds later, followed by a complimentary fruit and tea tray. The bed was one of the most comfortable ones I have ever had the pleasure to sleep in, with a choice of pillows that satisfied even a fussy sleeper like myself.I feel that one of the hallmarks of truly great hotels is invisible service, and staff that can truly anticipate your needs. Housekeeping managed to slip in and out of our suite unnoticed, and the turn down service was perfectly timed to coincide with our dinner outings. The concierge was extremely helpful, and was able to provide suggestions that covered everything from entertainment to dining and shopping. The service throughout was simply outstanding - genuinely hospitable, knowledgeable, and efficient. The hotel is located a little bit on the periphery of the more happening spots, but taxis are fairly cheap, and are a widely used means of transportation. The MRT is also extremely efficient, but you will have to walk a bit to the nearest station, and Singapore is not very pedestrian friendly in all areas. As a result, we ended up hopping in a taxi every time we stepped out of the hotel.I would absolutely recommend this hotel to people who want to experience hotels as they should be - supremely comfortable, with friendly and efficient staff, immaculate service, and beautiful interiors.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tygerlily
<Content>Not 5 Star Customer Service; Not great for tourists As a sightseer this hotel leaves a lot for desiring. We found Singapore customer service in general was greatly lacking but we expected better at the Mandarin Oriental....and were disappointed. Customer service at the concierge/front desk was very spotty. We actually had a concierge tell us to walk several blocks out of our way to do a money exchange because he was too busy chatting with his female coworkers. Lobby not that impressive but rooms decorated nice enough. You can tell the bathrooms are a bit old but still nice. It's a fine hotel for business trips but not very romantic or leisurely. Good access to the malls by the harborside and once you get a hang of the thoroughways through the malls, you can access the subway (MRT) almost without going outside - although it's still a good 10 min walk. We took advantage of the food court directly across the street from the hotel which was nice. Expect to do a lot of walking if you're sightseeing Singapore and don't expect great customer service even at the nicer malls.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>VicNHil
<Content>A very special hotel We have just stayed at the Mandarin Oriental and I agree with the other reviews it is indeed a fabulous hotel very calm and relaxed.We stayed in a club room and it was well and truly worth the extra dollars. Our check in was friendly and efficient and we were taken to the club where we had a great pot of tea while the staff checked that our room was ready.Our room was on the 20th floor with a marina view simply wonderful. Plenty of room, a fabulous big, comfortable bed with a doona, big comfy pillows and a wardrobe with plenty of hanging space including lovely fluffy white gowns and slippers.We chose to stay in a club room to enjoy all the extras, particularly the late check out, as our flight did not leave until 9pm. The club became a special place where we could enjoy a quiet pot of tea and a bite to eat and of course some fabulous cocktails and canap茅s each evening. We were always made welcome by the great staff.I celebrated a birthday during our stay and the Mandarin Oriental surprised me with a birthday cake and the club staff all sang 鈥淗appy Birthday鈥?it really made my birthday special.The front of house staff were wonderful, always ready with a smile and the concierge very helpful with directions and arranging tours.We used the services of the Oriental Spa and both agree that it was the best spa treatment we have so far experienced.We will definitely be making the Mandarin Oriental our hotel of choice the next time we are in Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jinapsan
<Content>Great Location in Singapore       View of Harbor  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kichi73
<Content>Loved the MO except.... As a local resident in Singapore, I decided to stay at the MO to watch the preview of the nation's National Day parade. As it was a busy weekend on Aug 2-3rd, the hotel was certainly put to the test in service standards. I was pretty perturbed when I reached the hotel for a check-in at 3pm and realised that my room was still not ready for occupation. I was told to wait for 1.5hrs. I was merely told I was to be allocated a higher floor than I had originally booked but not given any form of compensation while I waited. The front desk could have given me a welcome drink and told me to take a rest in the club lounge while I waited. Does that mean I had to wait and check time and again till I was eventually allocated a room? No answers were given. Was this the kind of service standards I had expected from a top ranking tripadvisor hotel? What's more, such service standards strayed from the usual standards I would expect from a MO hotel ! I began to wonder if It was because I was a local resident and not an international guest and therefore not given priority in room allocation. I know that front desk was under a lot of pressure but my point was that they could have been better prepared to deal with such a tight and pressing condition. I had no choice but to store my luggage with concierge and go ahead for a swim at the pool while I waited. Along the way, I was put through some inconvenience as I was still afterall a hotel guest, with no room but using hotel facilities. I waited patiently till half past five and still there was no news from front desk. I decided to go downstairs to front desk and after much difficuly, they finally found me a room. My question is - If I did not go downstairs at 6pm to enquire, would it mean that I was simply forgotten and had to wait till 7pm to get my room when I should have been given at 3pm? That would mean that I would have to miss half the show at the Marina bayfront where the preview was happning - the only reason why I chose to check in at the MO as it was directly facing the bayfront. I even had to remind the front desk there was a need for some form of compensation for the time lost. I was rather shocked such reminders had to be given after reading reviews about the excellent service standards at MO Singapore ! Are local guests not guests of the hotel at all? I was only able to speak to the Duty Manager subsequently who proceeded to apologise and compensate me for my time lost. The next day, I also received a personal apology note and a box of chocolates.Perhaps this was only an isolated event about their lack in service standards. The duty manager had superbly demonstrated the service standards of a top ranking hotel, so did the pool staff who remembered guests by name ( not all staff could do that ! ) as well as the some of frontline staff I met along the way. What I liked about the MO as compared to other hotels in Singapore is this - the huge buffet spread at MELT, the poolstaff who bend over backwards to provide excellent service and the awesome view of the harbour view rooms. Things to improve - service standards of front desk ,TV in rooms ( do consider changing to plasma or flat screen which the rest of the world is using ) and pl. treat all guests the same way, be it local or international. Although there was an unpleasant event I met during my stay, I still loved the MO Singapore, but do bear in mind that they should do better if they want to keep th top ranking on the tripadvisor website.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>S3CR3T3X3C
<Content>Awesome hotel, over the top service, great location We stayed here in July 2008. The hotel is an exemplary place and my kids are now forever spoiled for breakfast buffets. From the warm greetings when one arrives to the over-the-top excellent service, the MO is what other hotels aspire to be. It is a true oasis of calm and peace in otherwise hectic Singapore.What we liked/loved: - the SERVICE-- OH MY GOD they were absolutely amazing. Second only to the Shangri La Bangkok but not by much !! - the breakfast buffet is out of this world - the rooms were small but beautiful (fresh orchids in multiple locations)- the swimming pool on the 4th floor is really nice with great views - the aircon is really nice --kept the room meat-locker cool :-) - the overall look of the place -- very nice cool, Asian modern - the location is fantastic --right in Marina area close to everything and right next to the Marina Sq shopping mall (!convenient with a great food court)What we did not like/hated: - Singapore's National Day celebrations were scheduled to be held right across the street. This meant loud booming practice sessions at 9am. The din was equivalent to a rock concert. OUCH!! - For a super luxury hotel, I was surprised that the MO Singapore did not have those cool TOTO washlets, bidets etc. In fact the bathrooms were the only dated part of the hotel that I could discern. They need to update the bathrooms.- Laundry is definitely tailored for the expense account set. This means that you could be out USD 300 for doing a family's worth of clothes. The MO should come up with some reasonable family plan for this. It is painful and annoying.Overall we loved the place and will certainly stay again. We realize that Singapore is more a business hotel type spot rather than a resort type location but with a few tweaks the MO could move into the heavenly zone occupied by the Shangri La chain and some others. C'mon guys you can do it ! :-) Two qualified thumbs up.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elodieDubai
<Content>Quality, classy and warm! Having been in the hotel industry for 15 years, the MO is just one of the best. Without fail they always seem to strike the balance between efficiency ( but never officious), warmth, friendliness and pure quality and luxury. I have used this hotel for business and leisure and will always return despite excellent hotels in Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FamilyKSN
<Content>Amazing service! I have been travelling around the world with my family, but I have never ever got so good service like here in Mandarin Oriental Hotel.What can I say.. Very good (=amazing) service, very good room.Thanks !Family from Finland  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	4	

<Author>lisa026
<Content>wonderful hotel, no surprise It will come as no surprise that this hotel gets raves from me. It truly is a great hotel and the service was wonderful. We had lost our luggage coming from London and they upgraded us to a suite and then gave us wonderful baskets with all the products needed, even a shirt, skirt and sleepwear, very much appriciated. They had the most wonderful breakfast buffet I have ever seen that set us up for the day and could not have been more helpful in every way. It was a very funky, modern hotel and we loved it.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>skrosvik
<Content>The best hotel in Singapore MO is easily the best hotel in Singapore, after staying at RC and the Raffles. Whilst RC is cold and soulless, and Raffles are touristy and noisy - the MO is a warm and calm oasis and retreat. Check-in was very smooth, and got my room right away (at 11 am). The room was a superiour (I think it's the lowest category) on the 12th floor, it was newly refurbished and lavish, and very nice and comfortable. A bed to die for, and a large bathtub with seperate bathtub and shower. Large 42 LCD television with 80 or so international channels. Interactive telephone and also a cordless set, which was very convenient. The room had a large balcony overlooking Marina Mandarin. Not the best view, but it was nice to enjoy a cold cocktail in the sunshine.The staff and the service was great. The best service I have experienced in Singapore. Doorstaff and reception always greeted me by my lastname, and they were always smiling and very hospitable. The way MO should be:) The hotel does not have a grand lobby area, but they have a very nice bar on the 5th floor with a stunning view, overlooking Singapore harbour. There is also another bar, and 3-4 restaurants. Tried only the lounge and the bar - service, drinks and food were great. The breakfast (included in the room rate) was amazing, one of the best breakfasts I have ever had. There was a large selection of Asian and Western options, cold and warm, sweet and sour, light and heavy. You must try the breakfast when staying here. The juices are always fresh - made on request. Delicious.The hotel is located in Marina Centre - right next to the sea. I am not afraid of using my feet, so I walked everywhere without problem. The only times I used the subway was when going to Orchard Road and Chinatown. But you can easily walk to the harbour (just across the street) , the historic centre (10 minutes), Raffles (10 minutes), Singapore Flyer (5 minutes), Suntec City Mall (5 minutes), and so on... You can easily reach the subway if you walk through the mall that's connected to the hotel. All in all, the location is very convenient for sightseeing, business and shopping.If you love seafood you should visit Esplanade Mall across the street - there you'll find No Signboard Seafood. Strange name for a restaurant, but the food is absolutely delicious. It's quite inexpensive as well. Highly recommended!!I will return to the MO when going back to Singapore.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissJewel
<Content>Loved Staying in the Hotel than outside!!! We stayed in the Club rooms which gives us access to the club lounge. We were picked up by their limosine service which is included in rates.....so i wont say it is free! (one way only).We were checked in privately so no queuing which I totally love. They catered to our needs 100%! Great customer services, sexy staff and very attentive. I will always stay at the Mandarin Oriental but its not cheap.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wasamaid
<Content>Top Class - as good as it gets My wife and I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in July 2008, for only one night. En route from Darwin to Penang we decided to break our journey in Singapore. Upon our arrival at the hotel, we were overwhelmed by the efficiency and courtesy of the concierge and reception staff. We were then escorted to our room by a very pleasant reception clerk. We had booked a harbour view room (room 1403), and were very pleased with its appointments and features, and with its position. As a small feature, the hotel directory in our room was new and clean and not browsed by a hundred previous guests, as is often the case in other hotels. We had an uninterrupted view of the marina. However, as other trip advisors have noted, there is much construction work on two sides of the marina in this area of Singapore, and a floating stage is now positioned on the water, directly opposite the hotel. This detracts from the view, but there was no external noise. We arrived late, so chose to eat in our room. The room service menu was extensive, although expensive, but the food was very good. Breakfast at the Mandarin Oriental is as good as it gets, and is an experience in itself. Don't even think of having breakfast in your room. Staff remember the names of all guests, and the array of food is simply staggering, extending through several rooms. I seldom remember staff names, but one of our breakfast waiters (Ramees) provided us with exemplary service. Marina Square shopping centre adjoins the hotel. This hotel is quality through and through, and is as good as it gets.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dodger15
<Content>Spend the extra at Raffles       If someone's on the toilet, you can actually SEE them thru that window. Ick.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PhileasFoggontour
<Content>Real Customer Service I've stayed at most of the big hotels in Singapore, and the reality is that there's a lot of positives about all of them. I had not, for one reason and another, stayed at the Oriental. As I continued to read reviews, and with the benefit of an Amex FHR made a reservation. My trip includes some other fine stops; the Ritz-Carlton in Singapore and then the Park Hyatt in Saigon. However, my expectation was that my stay at the Oriental was going to be the best of them all (and the other two were very good indeed).The stay was good, but it didn't reach the level that I was anticipating. Generally the hotel is superb, but there were some items and some issues that grated. One was relating to an airport pick up car that Amex had cancelled well in advance, that had turned up and been charged to my room and stayed there even at check-out. (I promise you Changi airport is the one airport in the world that doesn't need an airport limo pick up. The worst experience on your way into town will be the ever increasing Singapore traffic.)I got an online survey from the hotel after I had left and I took care to provide some feedback that I was less than overwhelmed with my stay. As I've said not a disaster, just some issues. I might even have said that I preferred the Ritz Carlton.I then got a message from the hotel asking if I'd be willing to discuss my feedback.So, in what would have been late at night in Singapore (I'm in New York) the most charming lady (Michelle) called me from the hotel and listened to my feedback, and issues and the charge that I'd never managed to remove. She even listened to my gripes about the cost of room service, and that the door man didn't know where the Ford Factory Museum was (not many people do, it's about the Japanese occupation of Singapore and well worth a visit for history buffs)And she said the right things, and had the charge fixed the very next day. Finally I got a pleasant follow up note from the Duty Manager (Mandy).So, I have to admit that the service in the end did win me over and I'll be happy to stay there again.My only word of warning about the hotel - and others nearby - is that there is a lot of construction in the area. A situation I suspect that is not going to improve between now and the F-1 race.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>ScottySydney
<Content>Service plus Spent four nights at MOS in June. Had a club room which while large and well appointed was looking a little tired.....a minor complaint. however My main impression oft my stay however was the hotel service which was absolutely the best I have ever experienced.,.... particularly the staff in the club lounge who were wonderfully accommodating,in fact the total club lounge experience was exceptional. The location is also good in terms of proximity to shopping restaurants  transport etc . However if service is important to you ......look no further  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PPlog
<Content>Wow! My husband had collasped so you can imagine I was in quite a state. The staff were wonderful and supportive. They had arranged to pick us up from the hospital (Senior Guest Services Manager came along to) and had refreshments arranged for us in the room on our return back from the hospital. Mandy Lee was the Senior Guest Services Manager who had constansly kept in touch with me to make sure we were ok. We also had to cancel out flights which she had handled and also extended our stay at the MO. When we left Mandy was also there to say good bye. Service was brilliant. Thank you Mandy for all our support and effort. I was also extremely impressed with the service of all the other staff. Well done and I will definitely be staying there again when I visit Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mr_drabu
<Content>Beautiful hotel and service , but Raffles is still number one My wife and I stayed at this hotel for our recent anniversary. We arrived at a little past midnight and checked out the (technically) next day at 1300.Our last two trips we stayed at the Raffles, but given the short time period this time, we chose the Mandarin Oriental. We had booked last minute (around 4 days before). Their website had the best offers, but these had all been taken up so we booked with expedia and flew tiger airlines (even last minute half the price of Singapore Airlines).Our check in was absolutely flawless and service exquisite. Our rooms were (in typical Mandarin Oriental style) well designed and spacious.We booked the spa during our stay which was exquisite. The gym was nice too, although lacked the heavy weights which I was too busy to use anyway.All in all excellent hotel, excellent value for money and a top rate choice, although I prefer the Raffles (but not for the cost!). p.s. I had a harbour facing room and there were some rehearsals going on for Singapore Day. However these were mainly from the late afternoon till maybe 2100 hrs and did not disturb our stay.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lulu031
<Content>One of the best hotels This is truly one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in and it is mainly due to the excellent service. Everyone smiled and greeted us, often having a friendly chat. Our harbour view room was great - very comfortable bed, great bathroom, huge window overlooking pool and sea. The incredible buffet breakfast was included and it was truly magnificent. The hostess who greeted us gave us a guided tour of the vast array of food that was available and by the time she showed us to our table our waiter knew our name - they have little rock and roll style ear pieces and the word must have been passed along! The service at the pool area likewise excellent - bottled iced water, little nibbles of frozen fruit, a tiny glass of gelato, iced towelettes - all complimentary. The hotel is very close to Marina Square shopping mall (great shoe shops) as well as others. You are never far from a mall in Singapore. Just across the road from the hotel we stumbled on a night food market on the harbourfront which was very buzzy and had delicious inexpensive food. As we were on our way home from Europe, this was the perfect stopover hotel - luxurious, comfortable, everything we needed within walking distance so that we could just relax (and shop).  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cjmumto2
<Content>My kind of hotel       View from my window at the Mandarin Oriental  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rspatrick74
<Content>Mandarin Oriental as good as ever We stayed in the Mandarin Oriental on our way back to Australia from Europe. This was a third visit to this Hotel and frankly it would be difficult to convince ourselevs to stay anywhere else in singapore. We have stayed in the club rooms each time and find service provided to club guests second to none. The club rooms perhaps need a little updating but are otherwise clean modern and all you would expect from this class of hotel. The location is also superb with access to Marina Square Mall and subsequently the malls linked to this. Prices have risen significantly in recent years but watch out for special deals with bonus free nights. Highly Recommended.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Benchimus
<Content>Luxurious The hotel is right within walking distance of the Arts complex ('The Durian'), and near a number of other high end hotels. It's not far to walk to the nearest underground station (through the shopping complex next door), we became fairly expert at this route!As you would expect from the Mandarin Oriental chain, the service is excellent, and the rooms are well specified (very clean and tidy, excellent room service). The bathroom had a separate bath and shower, and the toiletries were replenished twice daily (also complimentary bottled water was provided twice daily - in fact they tidied the room twice daily).Our room had a view over the pool area, and we could see the bay in the distance. We took advantage of the cocktail happy hour at the bar (?Jack's?), and fell in love with Lychitinis (or however you spell it). We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, although I'm sure it would have been excellent; Singapore has some excellent food, and you won't be short on choice (assuming you like South and East Asian fare of course!)  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lil-miss-sunshine
<Content>Very Impressive hotel       Big Bed  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ab1e
<Content>Fabulous stay We stayed at the M O for 4 nights at the start of our honeymoon. On arrival we were upgraded to a harbour view room with a huge picture window, with views over the business district, the harbour and the Merlion statue. Staff were helpful throughout, and couldn't do enough to make our stay memorable.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jimmybyron
<Content>fantastic , highly recommend this hotel agreat hotel , excellent service , neaver have seen so many staff. great rooms , quiet , yet you can open a window. we were upgraded with out asking. the checkin occurs in the room which is always nice.nice clean pool for laps. the food was excellent , one of the waiters took a surprise pic of us and presented it to us at the end of the meal , free. late check out not an issue. great shopping center behind the hotel. one of the best we have stayed in , we will go back  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Franklin+Elvis
<Content>Great honeymoon Quite simply the greatest hotel I have ever stayed at. A true five star hotel.Excellent service the entire stay, started with the airport transfer - a nice mercedes with a staff member waiting at the airport with us.Check in was amazing, about 10 staff waiting when we came in and then the in room check in was great! We had a club room which overlooked the harbour and the floating soccer stadium. Apparently this is also where the F1 race will be held during the year.The service was always great in the hotel from the excellent daily service to the staff holding the lift open and selecting your floor (thats one guys job in the foyer!).The club lounge was great with cocktails every afternoon and a full a la carte breakfast each day. Snacks during the day were also plentiful. Staff in the lounge were great and were always happy to help.The club room also gives you a late check out (8pm) and that was very handy!Again, this hotel was the greatest hotel I have ever been too, and if I return to singapore will only stay here.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shiv'sTrip
<Content>Poor service! Give it a miss!! I am writing about this hotel which suppose to be a 5 star??No way its not a 5 star.We stayed here 16/05-20/05 Room 1237.Check in was Ok the receptionist was bit rude though just wanted my credit card details.We were on honey moon and first stop was bangkok which was Fantastic! and then oriental Singapore- The worst thing is that upon telling them that we were on honey moon we were given a smelly smoking room. my partner is asthmatic i told reception but they reacted like they don't care..no upgrade no flowers no complimentary stuff from Oriental -we got chocolates and fruits from the Pullman King power Bangkok which is 10 times better than Mandarin oriental i think!!!we were forced to stay in this smelly smoky room which we paid $AUD300 per night.complained few times and given up we were told there is some expo going on there are no rooms available. Pathetic!The water force in taps in bathroom is so slow that you have to take about 20 mins to shower properly.staff here behave like they are very polite but they are not.i will never stay at this hotel again. there are other options available like holiday inn or swissotel merchant in Singaporewritten a complaint to hotel manager no answer. Simply Pathetic Poor Service!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	3	2	2	3	

<Author>pmetka
<Content>Very Good Location Poor Service We stayed 2 nights for a stopover in singapore, and we had booked 1 room on their executive floor, Hotel design is stunning but some service are not what you expect from a 5 stars hotel. Check in should have been done thru the special floor for executive customer, but for some reason they didn't let us go upstair and check in was very slow, after showing us the room which was not what I booked (harbour view!) I had to insist that I wanted what I had booked and they finally gave me the room! And it was worth it as view was amazing!The BB and cocktail were very good and tasty  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>TravellersHobart
<Content>Wow what a place - service with a capital S We stayed only one night here before our return to Australia. We moved from the InterContinental because of the guaranteed 8pm check out in the Club rooms.We were offer an upgrade to a larger Club room - the only problem was it was a smoking room and we had requested a non-smoking room. The room had been de-smoked so there was no lingering smoke smell. The view over the harbour was spectacular. The room was spacious and the bathroom was beautifully designed.The decor of the Club lounge was inviting and the outlook was so good you could sit there with a very good cup of coffee or a very cold glass of champagne for a very long time. Staff in the lounge knew what service was and did it well. Nothing ever appeared to be a problem. They asked for the correct pronunciation of my surname so they could correctly address us. I travel under my maiden name (passport hassles) therefore my husband and I have different surnames on our hotel bookings but not once was I called Mrs husband name or my husband called Mr my name - they got it right everytime. The Club lounge had the most extensive breakfast menu of any of the Club lounges in the 3 hotels we stayed in Singapore this trip. With free flowing Moet champagne and the choice of items cooked to order for breakfast it was sensational. Evening cocktails were wonderful - basically anything you want and very good quality spirits used. Food at the evening cocktails was a hugh selection of tasty morsels.I just loved the place and would have liked to stay there for a lot longer - we will definately be back.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gavinessex
<Content>Disappointing Mandarin Stayed for my one  only night in Singapore. The hotel is now looking dated and in need of upgrading though the rooms are very pleasant  comfortable.However, in my opinion one of the key benefits to staying at a top class hotel is for the concierge service. However, not only could the concierge not get me into my preferred choice of restaurant he seemed unable to come up with any suggestions that he could get me into. In desperation I decided to call my chosen restaurant and managed to get a table when the concierge had failed. This whole process wasted an hour of my time. On the upside, the restaurants  bars in the hotel are outstanding!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	5	4	2	3	

<Author>Galindenba
<Content>The Best Just Keeps Getting better! Our Home in Singapore. We stay in this hotel every time we visit Singapore and the service is why. We are always given the warmest welcome back and have just loved every room we have ever had. Now it's even better! One note of caution is that there is construction going on near the harbor side of the hotel right now so a harbor view room might be a bit noisy. We were escorted from our car right to our room where we were checked in by a very polite hostess. Any request for any service was answered within minutes. The room service food is fantastic. The lunch and breakfast buffet at the World Cafe is also great. The concierge will make anything happen that you need. A nice addition on this visit was the availability of poolside drink and meal serviceLocation wise, it's a bit of a walk from Orchard road and Chinatown, but not bad and right near a number of the bigger malls. The hotel is also a short ride from the UDMC seafood center which is where we all go for our requisite Chili Crab dinner. Finally, as far as the club rooms....go for it. The breakfast in the club is just the best as is the evening cocktails and the view from the club lounge is just super.I can't say enough about this place. It's just the best there is!!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Benalmadena01
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Hotel  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AreAnyNamesNotTaken
<Content>Superb I actually preferred this hotel to the vastly more expensive Ritz-Carlton next door, where I stayed on my last visit to Singapore. Of course, it can't match the RC for sheer sumptuousness, but it is cosier and feels as though a lot more effort went into the decoration and furnishings. Despite the Oriental's huge size, the tasteful rooms and well-equipped rooms manage to have a boutique feel that is unusual for this kind of business hotel.The public areas of the hotel are an extraordinary mish-mash of wacky architecture and clashing styles, from trendy modern Japanese to tacky 1970s European; whether or not this is to your taste is a matter of opinion, but it certainly makes a change from the usual faceless, identikit hotels that I spend so much of my time in. Unlike most business hotels, this is one that I would also be more than happy to book for a holiday (assuming I wanted to go to Sing on holiday!).  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>maugrim
<Content>Great Staff I read previous reviews and was looking for a nice break at the end of a work related trip. To unwind a bit, I booked a Club room and found that it was worth the extra money.Room wise, the Fullerton has a better feel, though I could hardly argue with the view I was given, looking straight at the Merlion and surrounding area. For me at least, one of the best features in the room was the speaker system which could be connected to a variety of devices including ipods.Whilst the rooms may be less so, the level of service is way better than that of the Fullerton. It is worth staying here for the staff alone, who are genuine in anticipating needs and of being genuinely helpful.From the sorbets, water and ice cold fruit, poolside every half hour or so, to having drinks re-filled in the club floor area, the level of service and manners is akin to travelling first class on an Asian airline. I can't give a better accolade than that.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travellers2Perth
<Content>Excellent Hotel Recently stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for 4 days on the return journey from the UK. We arrived early (9 am) and our room was not ready but the hotel staff were excellent. As it was going to be 4 hours before we could get into our room we were upgraded to a suite with views overlooking the Marina. The spa and pool facilities were excellent as was the morning breakfast buffet . The hotel was spotless and the service exceptional, everyone made you feel very special. It is also within walking distance to the restaurants and night life of Boat and Clarke Quays and Orchard Road for shopping. Having travelled all over the world and stayed in some pretty top notch hotels (including Singapore previously on many occasions) this is certainly one of the best for its general all round appeal. We will definitely stay on our return again in a few months.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Crazycat
<Content>Great Stay at The Mandarin!       Afternoon tea selection  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DonandHelen
<Content>DonandHelen My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights en route to Shanghai and 5 nights on the way home to Sydney. We have been to Singapore many times and have stayed at most major hotels represented. We always book for the Club floor (this is important) as it is a home away from home. The Club Lounge has champagne breakfast, unlimited soft drinks and tea and coffee during the day in addition to cocktails and canapes at night. It is also a quiet haven after shopping/sightseeing in the city. The accommodation (approx. 41 sq. metres) is first rate and the attention to detail is outstanding. Nothing is too much trouble for the staff who are very attentive when required. The hotel is within walking distance from the subway which is most convenient if not using taxis.We have stayed at this hotel many times and rate it 1st or 2nd in Singapore.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bjpdds
<Content>Wonderful experience at the Mandarin Oriental My wife and I stayed here for 7 days and we absolutely loved it. The entire hotel staff was very polite, friendly, and catered to our every need. The restaurants were great, especially breakfast at Melt the world cafe. The location was perfect as you can walk to the major attractions or take the MRT to anywhere in Singapore. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>finakyes
<Content>Excellent Hotell We stayed 3 nights at the Mandarin Oriental at the beginning of our recent 3 week trip to Singapore and Thailand.We arrived at the hotel at 7am in the morning after a long and tiring flight. Despite check in not being until 2pm, and the hotel being fairly full, we were able to get access to our room by 8.30am after having had breakfast in the hotel's restuarant.Public areas in the hotel were very nice, with a number of bars and restuarants, shops, a fitness centre and a ovel yutdoor pool and sun terrace.Our room was located on the 8th floor and was very well appointed, with a large bathroom containing both a bath and a double shower cubicle. Both furniture and decor was very nice and the bed was enormous and very comfortable with a selection of pillows available. The view of the harbour from the massive floor to ceiling window was spectacular.All of the staff members we came into contact with during our stay were friendly, polite and efficient.All in all we found this to be an excellent hotel, in a great location and perfect for a short stay in this city.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DerbyshireEdyth
<Content>Disappointing Service We have just returned from staying at this hotel for 2 nights stay.Previously we had stayed 4 nights Valley Wing Shangri La Hotel Singapore and also 7 Nights Club Intercontinental Bali. Both of which gave us superb service.So we were looking forward to finishing our trip with the Manadarin Oriental. I am afraid we were rather disappointed.Check in was luckwarm to say the least. On arrival to our room check in was very matter of fact. No mention of the Jasmin Tea left in the room. We found that later.Service in the Club Lounge much the same. Apart from Jana he was very attentive and remembered how we liked our drinks. The ladies frequently passed us by and often did not listen intently enough to our requests and got it wrong.The room was well presented and modern and comfortable. We had a City View and it was quiet! However, the bathroom was very small no bath just large walk in shower.The only other problem encountered was with the actual structure of the Hotel. With a central atrium from floor to ceiling and being on the top floors my husband suffered from vertigo.All the six glass open lifts went directly from the centre of the atrium. Quite spectacular if you can stand heights and a number of people found this a problem. Don't come out of your room and look straight over the bannister! it's a sheer drop to the floor!It was nevertheless an interesting experience, but we did expect something more.We shan't be returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pav13
<Content>Very Disappointing After staying at Peninsula Bangkok and Sala samui resort before moving onto the Mandarin Oriental Singapore as part of our honeymoon, our expectations were set very high.I read lots of reviews and saw lots of pictures for all the hotels and was not disappointed until I came to the Mandarin Oriental hotel. What a BIG LET DOWN. On checking the staff did not even acknowledge the fact that we were on our honeymoon (ok no big deal) and gave us twin beds until I refused and then she offered us a king-size bed but in a smoking room which I specifically asked not to when I booked. So at the end, we had no choice but to accept one of the rooms and the staff did not show any concern to offer other alternatives. We had a harbour view room which looks nothing like the pictures on their site (very dated), please DO NOT be fooled by the pictures. There was a lot of building work going on outside so the view wasn鈥檛 the best unless you are like the look of cranes, skips etc. I am very surprised that so many people have commented on how wonderful this hotel is and what is has to offer because we did not see any of it. I may not have stayed in many 5* hotels, but have seen and received 5* class service and this hotel does not live up to its rating. Overall, I was very disappointed and will not return again. In my opinion the hotel itself isn鈥檛 all that nice to look at, I鈥檓 sure there are better ones in Singapore  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>KandiManPerth
<Content>Favourite Hotel We stayed four four nights in late March and have stayed at this hotel every year for the past seven years. From the moment you arrive your feel welcomed by the concierge, the greeters and the reception staff. They are most obliging, courteous and friendly. We were shown to our room that on this occasion had an ocean view. The rooms are well equiped and furnished as you would expect after a total refurbishment of the hotel. The TV and surround sound system is the best we have encountered anywhere.Our package included the buffet beakfast which is extra special. The extensive variety and quality of food is provided with personal service not expected at a buffet. The staff prepare the various food selections to your liking.On a previous visit we stayed in the club and the staff , food and service are to the highest standard.The location is very convenient and using the train service is so easy that any place is just a short time away.We have not encounted better staff and personal service at any hotel. We will be back next year!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LadyQ
<Content>Personal hotel This is simple one of the best hotels I ever stayed at, and I usually stay at 5 star hotel. I also think you got a lot for your money. From the moment you arrived until you left you were given all assistance and possible care. I recommend the club floor, where there is a superb breakfast included.m The evenings aperifs are almost a dinner and i saw several comples that in the afternoon used the bar for bottles of free champagne of good quality. The hotel is very good for business travels with comfort for business work and fast internet access.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlbaLondon
<Content>Wonderful hotel Fantastic hotel. Huge room, huge bed, huge TV.... excellent service (which is, of course characteristic of such places in Singapore). Cannot fault anything. Breakfast is delicious but expensive so it would be a bonus to have it included in the room rate. It is really nice to have a balcony, especially if one smokes. All in all an excellent hotel. Would recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>noonie
<Content>Loved the Mandarin Oriental Stayed here for 3 nights and got upgraded to a seaview deluxe room. Overall a quality hotel with great staff and service, comfortable rooms and all the amenities you would expect for such a reputable name. Breakfast quality and choice was overwhelming, with great staff also.Only a couple of minor niggles - not enough poolside loungers at peak times, plus single glazing in the rooms not enough to block out the construction noise from across the harbour.Would still book here again without hesitation all the same.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Coltbridge
<Content>Excellent A one night stay in March. They slightly messed up my arrival (at 0800 off an overnight flight) saying you cant check in til 2, but the supervisor sorted it pretty quickly, and gave me a complimentary breakfast while I waited an hour for my room.The room was good - about 200 square feet plus bathroom (separate shower, immaculate bathroom), and a balcony. The decor was fresh and modern while still high quality, the bed just right (not too soft or hard).At first I was a bit annoyed by the lift chimes, which were clearly audible in the rooms, but these are turned off at night so they didnt disturb my sleep.The lobby is quite dark wood, water and glass, distinctive in design but maybe a little heavy. The rooms sit on a series of inverted pyramid balconies, so each balcony looks dramatically down into a gulf - very striking.The staff are amazing - desparately keen to help. So keen, in fact, that they sometimes dont actually listen to what you want but just assume and rush off at high speed to deliver their best guess!I would happily stay here again. A really good hotel.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Brian&Alan
<Content>One of THE BEST HOTELS in Singapore Stayed in a Harbour view room with the club indulgence package. After a long flight from London, we were picked up by limo and whisked away seamlessly to the hotel. We were escorted promptly to our rooms and checked in, while being offered tea. It was simply a wonderful way to arrive. The room was very luxurious and the bathrooms are well equipped with lots of luxury toiletries and extras. We took full advantage of the club lounge and our late check out. We are now loyal Mandarin Oriental fans and I won't hesitate to book again on our next trip via Singapore. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	-1	4	4	

<Author>icycle_jen
<Content>Beyond expectations...       Outside of room door  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bighonez
<Content>Wow!! Wow. This was a very nice hotel. Very impressive central atrium that goes all the way to the top of the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>fcetonia
<Content>The Breakfast is not to be missed Cannot fault the hotel and staff. The service was superb.Nothing was too much trouble and always with a smile and friendly manner. the Breakfast may appear to be pricey but belive me it is not to be missed !!! Worth every penny, I only wish I had an enormous appitite to do it the justice it deserved. I would certainly return to the OM when next in Singapore.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Trippinbrit
<Content>Pleasant, efficent but noisy       From our room on the 20th floor  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>indianlady
<Content>Great service The wow service begins from the moment one steps in. The staff are very friendly and always willing to please. The rooms are large , with lots of sunlight and very nicely furnished. The beds and linen are very comfortable and the bathrooms are large with a separate shower and bath area. One is given fresh fruits daily in the room and a choice of newspapers are available when one calls the conceirge. The hotel is connected to the Malls next door which have lots of reasonable eateries , beauty parlours and shops. Accross the road is the waterfront with a view of the Merlion and the spectacular Esplanade concert hall.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jorichards
<Content>My 3rd Visit and still amazing but must upgrade to club floor My 3rd visit ! and still love this hotel . On my first two visits I stayed in the club rooms so I think I have been spolit as this time we were only in Singapore for under 1 day so I decided to stay in a Standard rooms ( not worth the upgrade for this amount of time) . The rooms are equally as good but I missed the personal service and the attention to detail given when you stay in the club floor rooms. Also missed the free buffet breakfast  drinks and canapes in the evening. The location of the hotel in my mind is one of the best , easy access to boat quay , suntec city shopping mall,raffles and city centre sightseeing, it's also on most of the sightseeing bus route if want to go further afield.  If you are thinking of staying in singapore I would not hesitate to book this hotel and would not consider staying anywhere else .  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrPJ
<Content>Perfection Stayed here for ten nights over Christmas whilst visiting family. Had a Club City Room, slightly larger than the Sea and Marina view rooms as I recall but not by much - a very good size. On every level I found it impossible to fault the hotel - staff were incredibly attentive and polite but never overbearing or appearing to be 'sucking up' or giving the impression you are a king. They just come across as genuinely happy to be at work and pleased to see you, like friends. We just felt totally at home throughout. I would almost everyone take a Club floor room. The Club offers excellent value for money and you can, if you wish, eat three meals a day up there (inclusive) incl. champagne breakfast and cocktails at tea. The Club staff are amazing and the whole Club experience made our stay extra special, providing the perfect place to relax and meet friends and family before venturing out. Choice of restaurants on site is exceptional and Melt totally changed out attitude to buffet. The quality of food was incredible so much so that after our first lunch visit we decided to have Christmas Dinner there too. Every festive food imaginable available including Lobster, monkish, sushi, roast turkey, brussel sprouts(!) indian, thai, chinese and, especially for the Antipodeans, an a open charcoal barbecue outside with a huge selection of meat and fish cooked on demand plus a whole lamb. it's not just quality though - nothing is on massive platters, just smaller plates, expertly prepared and replenished as required. Which made it easier to take small bites and enjoy a little of everything rather than stuff yourself on the first course. My mouth waters just thinking about it........ oh to be back there! Mortons Steakhouse on site is like being in the US - I've spent plenty of time in the US and it was like being teleported back there. Food, portions, service, style..... an incredible feat of theming and a fantastic meal. Then to working off the marvellous food......the gym is newly equipped and the well trained staff were, again, well beyond expectaions. The outside pool area was relaxing with great service from the staff. Concierge was spot on too - a little something I noticed was that the hotel staff gave all the taxi drivers a gift. Might have been Christmas or to highlight that it is now branded Mandarin Oriental and not just The Oriental. Which incidentally was the only problem, if any, during our stay. Despite the age of the hotel and its appearance in so many photos I could not believe the lengths we had to go to in explaining what hotel we were going to and where it was. Grasping Singlish helps but even then we needed to list every other hotel in the vicinity before drivers worked out where to go. But I think the gifts were a means to deal with this - a great idea. Totally recommended and I do not want to stay anywhere else next time. Perfect!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Rosie1982
<Content>Amazing!!!! I know my review is late (10 months late), but I simply miss it that much 鈥?that I thought I would reminisce back and write a review for the travellers which are looking to stay here.Starting from the top, my and my husband arrived at Singapore Airport where we had a Mercedes waiting for us. The driver kindly helped us with our luggage and gave us cold hand towels and bottled mineral water. We arrived to the hotel and we where greeting with such respect. The door was opened and they congratulated us using our name that was really personal and again great service. As we where staying at the Executive Club Lounge, we where escorted up to our bedroom, where the lady did the check in registration. After we where shown around the hotel and again great service. The must do鈥檚 in the hotel are:1. Spa (Amazing experience especially the couples packages)2. Eating in the world caf茅 (food is amazing and get all world selections)3. Upgrading so you have access to the club lounge (unlimited non alcoholic and alcoholic drinks served with canap茅s)This is a fantastic service and I am itching to go back very soon, after I am back from Hong Kong Oriental Mandarin. ;)  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>73Duck
<Content>Awesome Oriental       Hand-carved screen in the lobby.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrsM007
<Content>The Oriental - Sophisticated and Luxurious We've just returned from a trip to Singapore and stayed at the Mandarin Oriental. It was absolutely out of this world. On arrival, we were upgraded to a Club Room (I think that they are working on refurbishing some of the standard rooms at the moment, although the work being done wasn't at all disruptive). The room was quiet, very comfortable and extremely elegant. Being a Club Room, we had access to complimentary breakfast and evening cocktails in the Club Lounge, which were absolutely superb. We ate in one of the restaurants and had drinks in the bar - the prices are relatively high, but the surroundings and quality of service are both great. The gym is the best that I've seen in a hotel - well equipped and well staffed - and the spa is also lovely. All of the staff are polite and highly professional and the whole place has an atmosphere of understated sophistication, without seeming snobbish or overly formal. The only criticism that I had is that the pool area is situated quite near to a main road and although it's above street level, you can hear the traffic. All in all, an absolutely superb hotel.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>melandra
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!! Had a wonderful 2 nights here on our way to Australia. The hotel and service are fabulous.We were on our honeymoon and they gave us a free bottle of champagne. We were already in a wonderful room. The buffet breakfasts were the best I've ever had and well worth the money. We had room service food one night and it was good and not over expensive we thought. Loads of it also. We ate at the restaraunt I think it was the Cherry Blossom or something which was a bit pricey but excellent and very authentic. On our last day we booked the 3 hour romance spa ritual/massage and it was to die for. Worth every penny!! My husband even tipped the masseurs 拢25 we loved it so much. The hotel itself is a wonderful building with a sort of huge twisted atrium in the middle. And it was immaculate.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellerAbuDhabi
<Content>Understated elegance It is so hard to choose between the first class hotels in Asia  we have stayed at some of the best - Four Seasons, Peninsula, Shangri-La etc but this was our first time an a Mandarin Oriental property  it is by far the best in Singapore. At first we found the decor underwhelmimg in comparison to some of the more ostentatious hotels but what the MO has in bucketloads is superb style  service. Rich, dark, sensuous interiors  fantastic staff.Forget the superior rooms, as for just a little more you can get a Club Room  the difference is out of this world. You have access to the private Club Lounge with the most amazing benefits - from champagne breakfasts, morning  afternoon cream teas to evening cocktails  canapes - all free  served in the lovely 19th floor lounge with plush sofas  great views (no children under 16 allowed) even the internet connection is free so it represents fantastic value for money. Wonderful rooms with great bathroom  Molten  Brown toiletries replenished twice daily. The service is impecable - it was my birthday whilst I was there  the staff produced 2 huge birthday cakes as well as putting out fresh fruit  flowers every day. Rooms with a harbour or ocean view are only slightly more expensive than city view rooms so well worth the extra.By far the best hotel in Singapore.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mlb11
<Content>Still the best... I stayed at the MOH 2 years ago in a harbor view room right after they renovated. The room and facilities were first class. In early February, I stayed in a harbor view room again, now 2 years after the renovation and it is still first class. The rooms are very chic, comfortable, and the sound system very nice. The view is awesome! Read the other reviews concerning food and service - they are exactly right. If you do want to venture out and eat some good, cheap local food then go to the food republic located in the Suntec Convention center, about a 10 minute walk from the hotel (mostly indoors). I ate toast, eggs and kopi (coffee) there for breakfast on several mornings for under $3SGD. My only slight complaints with the MOH are the internet charge which is 50 cents a minute and soap/shampoo. Given the quality of services this hotel offers and the Mandarin Oriental Hotel group as a whole, they should not charge for the internet (especially in-room wireless). The soap/shampoo are okay, but seem a bit economical for the hotel. They should offer a higher quality brand of product such as my experience at other hotels that use Aveda, Thann, Juku, etc....  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>chrissievw
<Content>absolutely the best Having travelled extensively on both business and pleasure i can honestly say this is one of the best if not the best hotel i have ever stayed in. The location is great - walking distance from the city centre, raffles and all the major attractions. the rooms are big and beautiful, spotlessly clean and so are the pool and reception areas. The bars serve great cocktails and snacks. The breakfast buffet is without doubt the best i have encountered. yes it has all the usuals western style but all with a quality i have never come across before - fresh, plentiful and varied. But you can also choose from the japanese, chinese or indian buffets - mix and match. and it is all being cooked fresh in the open to view kitchen so its always piping hot. but such interesting and varied dishes. the bread staion has just everything and the fresh fruit covers a whole counter with tropical fruits i have never come across as well as all ones i am used to. they will even freshly squeeze a fruit smoothie for you from any combination. If possible the dinner buffet is even better - do NOT bother eating outside - we tried it one night and regretted it. The starters include huge prawns, oysters, crab and every kiond of meat and sushi as well as super fresh salad. Main courses are again set out on counters by nationality - the indian dishes are to die for or you can have your personally chosen ingredients stir fried with the most wonderful stock, or chinese or japanese as well as good all western joints, chicken etc. But the thing that puts this hotel above all others is the service. from the minute you walk through the door a myriad os staff are ALWAYS on hand to answer your every need - in fact they often ask to help even when you dont need anything. changing the duvet from my bed (too hot) into a sheet and blanket setup was done rapidly and without any reluctance. i was always greeted at the restaurant by name (how do they do that?) and escorted politely to a table. the bellboy even raced me to the lift to press the button. even the reception staff approached you with a smile as you neared rather than the usual frosty attitude as you try to get their attention. the pool attendant stopped what he was doing immediately to ask if i needed any help as i appeared in the pool area. i felt cosseted, cared for and cared about. i cannot praise this hotel enough. in singapore do not stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RickPorgera
<Content>First rate experience.. Dropped in to the hotel on spec. and got a first rate deal, even better than the quoted rate from Zuji/LastMinute etc.We had a bay view room on the 12th floor, and could'nt fault it. Great view, great king size (very comfy) bed, for the right price. The hotel is spotless and staff take no time to remember your name. Great atrium/foyer with the glass lifts whizzing you away to your floor, and there's always an attendant there to help with your gear.The proximity to Chinatown/Orchard Road/Transport facilities and even the Airport, make them all very handy and accessible.Very happy to lob here on future visits.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ShaunScotland
<Content>5 Stars and Better       1610 Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SydneyDan
<Content>Best hotel I've ever stayed in The Oriental Singapore was definitely the best hotel I've ever stayed in. I'm sure there are more luxurious ones somewhere in the world, but I've never stayed in them -- and I've stayed in quite a few five star hotels.Firstly, the interior of the hotel is just stunning. The entire centre of it is hollow, so you can look from the ground floor up to the very top. It's quite an amazing sight. Secondly, the buffet meals at the restaurant were just breathtaking. The spread goes on for rooms, with what must be easily over 100 dishes available at any one time. Every cuisine is catered for at all times of the day. The breakfast was particularly excellent -- the quality of every dish was a cut above what you typically get in a five star hotel.The staff were impeccably attentive and polite. From the moment we were picked up at the airport by limo and then greeted at the hotel with extremely fast checkin (everything done in advance for us) to the many, many staff available all around the hotel to help you.The hotel gym and spa was very nice, with attentive gym instructors and free bottled water, towels and headphones. The selection of restaurants in the hotel was amazing -- apart from the main buffet restaurant, there were many other bars and restaurants, and even one standing alone from the hotel near the spa. All in all, the Oriental experience made my business trip vastly more enjoyable and I have been hankering to go back for a holiday ever since!!!!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RICHARDLONDON41
<Content>Top Class As we were cruising from Singapore in early January we decided to spend new year at the Mandarin Oriental, mainly because of its location near the Marina. We were not disappointed. We chose a club room and the extras made it very worthwhile. The hotel is very well located as part of a large shoping centre and is near all major amenities. What stod out for us was the sheer quality of the hotel, lovely bedroom, impeccably served food and friendly and helpful staff.There is a lot of competition in Singapore and this hotel works as hard as any to keep itself at number 1, a pretty much faultless experience  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LondonPatel
<Content>Loved it loved it loved it! I stayed at the Mandarin for 2 nights and it was amazing - staff were great, food was great, rooms were fantastic and huge (and I am a VERY fussy person!). You cant fault it - got great deal on asiarooms.com. if i went back to singapore i would definately stay there - loved it!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peg
<Content>Excellent Stayed here for one night with family. We were in Club city view rooms, they were outstanding. Couldn't fault anything with the whole experience. We've done club level at other hotels but I have to say this was the best experience of this facility we've ever had.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Victoria36
<Content>First class, FANTASTIC We had a fantastic time at this hotel. From the minute the hotels limo picked us up from the airport we were treat like royalty. We were welcomed by lots of staff on arriving at the doors of the hotel, all staff were very friendly and really looked after us. We had booked a club room so immediately they took us upto to the club lounge to check us in, we had only been in the hotel a matter of minutes and we where drinking champagne. We were overwhelmed with the service we where being given. The room was very clean, spacious, modern and had a lovely harbour view. I would highly recommend this hotel. A stay at the Mandarin Oriental is a must for anyone visiting Singapore. We shall definately be staying here again, very very soon hopefully!!!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>livvylou
<Content>must stay in a club room All of the the other reviews are absolutley spot-on. I live in singapore and decided to have a night here as a Xmas treat. Our stay in the Club room was worth every extra penny and i cannot recommend it highly enough. If you have the time to spare to use the club afternoon tea and evening cocktails, then do book the club rooms, have the tea, woof the food that goes with the cocktails, and gulp the champers that is offered. Oh yeah... then you can indulge in more champers the next morning at breakfast, have another afternoon tea and more nibbles and cocktails because you don't have to check out till 8pm . BLISS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jumeirah
<Content>Always made to feel most welcome Singapore Hotelerie at its best! And this for many years. Our recent stay Jan 10-12, 2008 has, as all the others in the past, been adding to a great time in Singapore. The service is impecable and attentive and we like the Club Level (18 and 19th floor) with added service and separate breakfast lounge and pre-dinner cocktails and nibbles. Separate check-out service with extra service is worth a few extra Dollars. The rooms all are refurbished and have everything a business/leisure person would expect, though the rooms are on the small side. The pool area is worth mentioning as it boasts a full size pool and staff which attends to you even at 630 in the morning! Friendliness all over and special mentioning of the warm welcome you receive by staff, every time you enter or exit the hotel. They do go the extra mile! The only Hotel for us in Singapore.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Davidob
<Content>Marvellous Mandarin I stayed at the Mandarin for three nights in a Club Harbour View Room as part of a month鈥檚 trip around Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand. Check in at the hotel was very quick, efficient and friendly and we were soon escorted to our room on the 19th Floor. The view of Singapore was marvellous and the room was very well equipped, with very comfortable bed, flat screen TV and cabling to enable MP3s etc to be connected to the sound system. The room was not particularly large but was beautifully furnished with an equally well furnished bathroom complete with separate bath and shower and plenty of nice Molton Brown products. Staff and service at the hotel couldn鈥檛 be faulted with the perfect mix of very friendly but unobtrusive service with staff anticipating your every needs. The Club Lounge was a great bonus with excellent breakfast and snacks and cocktails, loved the seared tuna and the excellent lamb chops! Also had breakfast in Melt but much preferred to have it in the Club Lounge with the freshly cooked options. One little niggle was the limit of 15 minutes free internet access in the club lounge even when the lounge was empty, free wifi was also available if you had your own laptop.All in all a very enjoyable and faultless stay and I would definitely recommend upgrading to club lounge access.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>muzunguAnywhere
<Content>Favourable experience Stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights on the way to Australia and one night on the way back.Plus points were excellent service, wonderful breakfast and good spa. They were also very welcoming to our children. The kids had a great time in the swimming pool. On the return trip some of the staff remembered my son's names. Cannot comment on the food other than breakfast as we ate all meals out.The rooms were very comfortable though the decor was a little dated. Also there was a bandstand outside where people were rehearsing for a parade. Very noisy but not something the hotel could control.A little removed from Orchard Rd., Boat Quay etc. However it is easy to get out and about by taxi or underground train. also there is a sizeable mall beside the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Serge29
<Content>Best hotel in Singapore Last June [2007] my wife  I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in Singapore - it was a wonderful  faultless experience, from the moment we were picked up by their limo till the moment it dropped us off for our return home. Our room on the executive floor was great as also were the champagne breakfasts we enjoyed daily. Their various restaurants  bars were also outstanding. Their location adjacent to a large shopping mall made shopping convenient, with the mall being unobtrusive.We have also stayed at Raffles and the Fullerton and have had a thorough look at Goodwood Park - and the Mandarin Oriental beats the lot.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Passy
<Content>Quality Hotel Although our stay at the Mandarin Oriental was only for a brief two night stopover, we were there long enough to be impressed with the staff who made our visit all the more enjoyable. Our room was a Deluxe seaview which was spotless and furnished with quality fixtures and fittings. The location is ideal for leisure and business travellers alike with the City Hall MRT only a short walk from the hotel.There are cheaper options, but for quality, professional staff and prime location, this hotel is an excellent choice. There is some construction work nearby, but where in Singapore isn't there any? This will not spoil your visit and I wil certainly return for a longer stay.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ozintokyo
<Content>Great Choice This is a great hotel in Singapore. The staff are excellent and the breakfast is the biggest buffet I have ever seen in a hotel. Overall it was a great stay!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>munthe
<Content>couldn't fault it! We recently spent christmas at the mandarin oriental, we stayed for 1 week in total and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The breakfast was a huge spread and everything was fresh and delicious. The overall service given by all staff in the hotel was excellent. However what I would say is that if you are used to staying in 5 star hotels in asia then the service is exactly what you would expect in hotels of that standard. Some of the previous reviewers seem to go over the top about the service and so can appear misleading. I suppose it's what your used to and admittedly the service in hotels in europe nowhere near compares.The location is great if you want to be near the quay area and also convenient for shopping. The marina square mall adjoins the hotel and you can cross through there to the suntec city mall so everything is close by. Its only a short, reasonably priced taxi ride to orchard road and there is also the mrt close by. One thing I must point out if anyone is wanting a good family dinner on christmas eve then this is the place to be. We were 4 adults and 3 children and we spent a very pleasant evening in the melt world cafe. The children were well catered for with their own room with toys, cartoons and 4 members of staff watching them. They had there own candy floss machine and as much to eat as they wanted, this gave us adults a nice relaxing evening too.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zabo
<Content>Great Location I had a 4 night stay at Oriental Singapore whilst attending a large medical conference. at the end of July 2007.The hotel is located in the heart of business district of Singapore on the marina and close to many 5 star hotelssuch as the Pan Pacific, Meritus Mandarin, Ritz Carlton, shopping malls and directly connected to the large Suntec Convention centre where the conference took place. A good thing about this part of town is that most malls are linked and there is a large underground mall pass connecting you to the famous Raffles area and the metro..I travelled alone and had a deluxe sea view room overlooking the harbour and part of the marina. The room was clean , comfortable and spacious enough for a couple. A plus in the room was a DVD player and Ipod port .Furnishing was modern with an oriental touch.The bathroom was luxurious with a separate shower and generous bathtub and ample amenities..Breakfast was included in my rate and very good with quite a selection including indian. south asian and american treats. The surrounding skyline at night was amazing to behold and I particularly enjoyed strolling along the waterfront at night which was very safe.Although this hotel is about 15 mins from the famous shopping Orchard Road, the surrounding malls do have lots to offer and as this was a business trip I found the location very convenient.I would recommend this hotel for business travel or short stopover in Singapore  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>MoCaAmsterdam
<Content>Perfect Stayed here for 4 nights - until January 1st 2008. We were in Singapore to visit relatives and therefore missed the special diner parties and huge fire works etc they had organised for new year's - couldn't tell you anything about that - the fire works looked great on tv.Our stay here was just perfect. Extreme value for money. The MOS has everything you could possibly need in a hotel plus an outstanding breakfast. Staff is flawless without sucking up - which made us feel very comfortable.Only downside: stinky room (former occupants must have smoked heavily) without any natural ways to ventilate room. But otherwise perfect!!! If you visit Singapore, we can highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>JAMPerth
<Content>Magnificent Melt This was a return visit to Singapore for us and our 13 year old daughter and we had decided on a change of hotel. The Oriental did not disappoint. The Melt breakfast buffet was magnificent, friendly attentive staff and a huge range of cuisines to choose from. A leisurely breakfast set us up for the day's sight seeing, with little need or desire to eat again until evening. We didn't envisage the pool would be a hilight however the level of service and attention from the pool attendants made this experience a memorable part of our stay, particularly for our daughter. The location away from the hustle and bustle of Orchard Road was a bonus and provided easy access to pleasant exploring on foot.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>PuffinMarine
<Content>Brilliant - couldn't fault this hotel in any way Absolutely top notch in every way  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SirGoofy
<Content>Comfy stay My colleagues and I stay in this hotel three times a year. The hotel generally is great and neat. The rooms are very comfortable and the food in the Oriental Club is great. However there is not free internet access in the room, only at the club. The hotel is definitely costly and the location at the Marina Square so the view and shops are great. If I were to travel on my own, I will probably stay somewhere here or Orchard Road. Overall this hotel is great.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>hagsdownunder
<Content>Good position otherwise average Yet again our booking was mixed up but unlike the Shangri-la the front desk manager (!) made us wait- (there was nowhere to sit- as the few chairs available were occupied) while she attempted to rectify their mistake. We then (after a long flight) had to wait around until 3.00 pm. before our room was available. This is a hotel for business people; its position overlooking the marina is great but there is none of thepersonability of the staff or of the hotel. The decor is ... minimalist or just not fitted out. There are three large reception rooms in the entrance which could have some chairs for guests waiting when not used for conferences! The Melt restaurant offeres a very comprehensive buffet which could feed half of Biafra but is pricey in their a la carte. (I am also so tired of waiters whipping plates away before you have finished chewing!)The rooms are very pleasant- decor good, beds comfy and good pillows. The entertainment system offers many music channels which we love and seem to be offered less and less in Asian hotels.The pool is hopelessly lacking in loungers- we watched many guests being turned away because they had no-where to lie. However the attendants were great- giving us regular bottles of water and little sweet treats from the kitchen.There are many shopping opportunities close by and the MRT is a 5 min walk away. Internet access is as usual expensive at S$30 per day.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>Avers
<Content>Fabulous! Singapore is a fabulous city and i am aware that in general their hotels have a much higher standard of service that those in Europe. If you book in here you will not be disappointed by the style, service or facilities in any way. They bend over backwards to look after you here and an example was that it was my birthday during my stay and i came back to the room to find a hand decorated birthday cake and fruit arrangement, all complimentary, left for me in the room. The breakfast buffet took up 3 rooms and you really could get anything!! Loved this place, hope to get back there one day and would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CumbrianGlobetrotter
<Content>Disappointing We were really looking forward to our 3 night stay here after reading all the great reviews on Tripadvisor but we were disappointed.We arrived early in the morning (7am) after an overnight flight from the UK and had requested an early check in. The check in process was smooth but we were then informed that our room wasn鈥檛 ready but would be ready at about 9am. They had just checked in a couple with a young child and given them a room. Another couple arrived about 30 minutes after us and they too were told a room wasn鈥檛 available. At around 8.30am they were given a room. I then went to the reception to find out when our room would be ready and was told by a receptionist that we shouldn鈥檛 have been told that a room would be ready for us at 9am. I queried why the other couple had been given a room and he said that the couple had paid extra (I checked this out with then later and thiswas not true).We were then grudgingly given a key to our room. We showered and I searched the room for a hairdryer but couldn鈥檛 find one. I rang housekeeping and someone came to the room immediately and looked in all the drawers but couldn鈥檛 find one either. He returned 5 mins later with a hairdryer. This one overheated after 3-4 mins and you had to wait for it to cool down before you could finish drying your hair. The safety deposit box also wouldn鈥檛 work so we called receptionand they had to come to the room and reset it. Although these are only small faults in themselves I just didn鈥檛 expect this from this hotel.On the good side the hotel is in a great location. Not as busy as Orchard Road. Great location for eating, shopping and transport (Hop-on hop-off tourist bus is just opposite and MRT station close by)The breakfast was great with a huge range of asian and western food and freshly squeezed juices. The room was large and excellent, serviced twice a dayEarlier in the year we stayed at the Marina Mandarin and when we return to Singapore again we will stay there rather than the Mandarin Oriental..  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>jah123
<Content>Great hotel as expected from Mandarin Oriental I arrived early in the morning after an overnight flight from London. I was escorted to my room on the club floor and everything went smoothly--no waiting as my travel agent had set the schedule up with the hotel. The room and facilities are great. I had a meeting in a conference room in the club lounge (no charge) and the facilites are excellent. The neighberhood also is good for jogging along the river and eating. Across the street is a spectacular restaurant serving white pepper crab, my favorite dish in Singapore. I would definitely stay here again. I like the area better than Orchard Road (4S). Both hotels are great but I think the area around the MO is more interesting, although if you are into shopping you could make a different choice.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Patoman
<Content>Excellent service, great location My wife and I stayed 3 nights at this hotel to celebrate my birthday. We booked our stay over the internet using the hotel's own website. This was smooth and without any hitches. We also booked a limo from the hotel to pick us up from the airport. Our pick up was there to meet us on time and was friendly, efficient and courteous. The check in process was also very smooth. We booked a club suite with a harbor view. It was excellent and the view was suberb. Since we arrived very early, our first meal was breakfast. The range of food and fruits available in the restaurant is one of the best I have ever seen. On subsequent days we had breakfast in the club lounge which was also very very good. The hotel is connected to a great shopping mall and my wife spent many happy hours there. The complimentary afternoon tea in the club lounge of the hotel is a great way to relax after a morning of shopping. There are a number of good restaurants around the hotel and we tended to have breakfast and afternoon tea in the hotel and all other meals outside the hotel. The staff of this hotel are excellent and the level of service of a very high standard. We would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Rigiblick
<Content>Amazingly charming This hotel is my personal favourite in Singapore where the helpful and friendly staff always make me feel at home. For travellers flying late in the evening, I can only recommend to book the Executive Club lounge. At a moderate extra cost you can use the room until late with all the extras that go with it. Being used to hotels where they charge another full day when checking out late, I am extremely happy with this service. Not only can you check out later, breakfast in the lounge as well as afternoon tee are complimentary. In addition, you automatically end up on a higher floor with marvellous views over the harbour if you book that category.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Dinosaw
<Content>Superb The MO Singapore is everything a hotel should be, we stayed as part of an extensive two week holiday during which we enjoyed some very good hotels but the MO stood out a mile. Fantastic staff, great facilities, stylish well equipped rooms and the best hotel breakfast going.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mwardle
<Content>Outstanding hotel. A gem I had 6 nights at the Mandarin Oriental for a trade show and business meetings. Having stayed at most of the hotels in the Marina district, this was easily the best. The room was large and excellent, serviced twice a day, with everyhting that you might need including tea and coffee in the room which so many luxury hotels ignore. The service was outstanding as was the spread for breakfast which was huge. Great gym with the latest hi-tech equipment, nice pool and good location for business and leisure. My only gripe was the $30 a day internet charge which I consider excessive. There was no weekly rate (I asked) and frankly $30 a week would be closer to the mark. Not all of us are on expense accounts and there is no excuse for that even if we are. That said its a lovely hotel and highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Doc_Jon
<Content>Fantastic top class hotel       Room  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	-1	4	4	

<Author>WoodyNumba1
<Content>Loved this Hotel, should be rated number 1 in Asia My husband and I started our honeymoon with 4 nights at The Oriental in Singapore. We could not fault this hotel at all. The service was excellent, the rooms were fantastic, food was plentiful and of high quality and the location was ideal for shopping and eating (with hawkers near by).When we checked in at this wonderful hotel we were greeted with smilesfrom people who enjoyed their jobs (didn't smile because it was there job). We were given a complimentary breakfast as we arrived earlier than check in time which was buffet and it was delicious. We were questioned about our departure flight and automatically was given latecheck out until 4.00pm without any additional costs.It was a very pleasurable stay and this hotel makes the best SingaporeSling.We also stayed at The Mandarin Oriental in Kuala Lumpur which is currently rated the number 1 hotel in Asia (please see review). We thought that hotel was not worthy of being rated the best hotel in Asia when compared to this one (even from the same chain).We believe this hotel should be rated number 1 in Asia hands down!!* We had one nights dinner at a restaurant within the hotel called The Cherry Garden. This food was a little expensive however a memorable meal for positive reasons and would recommend.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aussieholiday
<Content>Loved the Mandarin Oriental, Singapore I am writing to inform you all of the wonders of the Mandarin Oriental hotel in Singapore. We found the experience to be one of sheer luxury. I would urge anyone contemplating a stay in Singapore to seriously consider this option out of the many, many available to choose from. In terms of value for money ...it was a hit. We booked early and directly with the hotel and secured a great rate of around $300 AUD per night for 2 adults and 1 child with breakfast included. Fantastic, given the excellent standard and quality of the hotel. As a bonus, the roll out bed was free of extra charge; a rarity for the other Singapore hotels that I had checked out. My husband has worked in a global role out of London but based in Sydney for the last 10 years. As a consequence of this, he has spent much of that time travelling the world. I have been very fortunate to be able to join him on many trips and have experienced many 5 ~ 6 star hotels. I would have to say that the Mandarin Oriental ranks most highly. We found the attention to detail across all aspects of service provision to be excellent. The most notable point was the friendly and courteous attitude of all staff; from the staff who handled my initial e-mail enquiries to the Concierge and dining staff and right down to the pool and gym staff. They all expressed good cheer and humour and genuinely appeared to love their work and to be committed to making the hotel function at optimum performance. We were also greatly impressed by the size of our room (we were upgraded to a Junior Suite), the quality of inclusions and the care taken to clean the room, attend to 'turn down' of an evening and to replenish bathroom items. The latter point may seem a minor one but, can lead to irritation if unattended! Similarly we were very impressed with fit out of the gym, the hotel landscaping, the pool and its surroundings. I walked over to check out the Fullerton which, in my opinion, pales in comparison to this hotel. In terms of children, this would definitely be your choice of hotel in Singapore as: the pool was huge and surrounding area was great, you are away from the intense hustle of Orchard Rd, there are great cheap-eating Hawker food markets across the road and beautiful, riverside plu other walks in all directions from the hotel. There is a greater sense of space in and around this hotel compared the Fullerton and Orchard Rd hotels that would appeal to anyone with kids. Anyway, taxis are so cheap that all venues are easily and cheaply accessible. I have already recommended your hotel to my friends who travel and our friends based in Singapore who we were visiting. The Mandarin Oriental would be a definite choice for our preferred accommodation if we ever to choose to stay in Singapore again!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kiwi08
<Content>Breathtaking views over the city Great hotel with fantastic views over the harbour and the city. I was there on business, and although the company was paying, I would definitely stay there if I was returning for a personal holiday. Walking distance to the river and metro, plus a large shopping centre.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DurbanGal
<Content>Super Stayed for three nights on business. It is just super. Great room. Great view and good location. I would definately stay here again if I had to return to Singapore on business. Only complaint was the breakfast buffet was really crowded, noisy and not at all tranquil.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>244065013
<Content>Wow amazing !!! Stayed in the Mandarin for 3 nights and it is one of the best Hotels I have ever stayed in. The staff are amazing and very friendly at all times. Great location and views. The decor is plush and well managed. The porters are extremely knowledgable and know absolutely anything about Singarpore. The breakfast buffet is is to die for, it gotg me out of bed every day!The in room entertaintment is hi tech all cables are supplied for connecting laptops, camera, DVD etc so it can be projected to the TV and the accompanying Bose speakers, well what can I say?I would recomend for any one!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patisserie
<Content>Oriental Delight... [-------]Absolutely Wonderful, the location, chic decor, impeccable service and the breath taking view of the Singapore skyline all make up for the premium price. The Oriental houses 2 of my favourite restaurants. MELT, a mid-range buffet house that serves anything from indian to chinese to home made vanilla ice cream and MORTON'S, arguable one of Singapore best steak houses... pricey but well worth it.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>enr12
<Content>Well located hotel Have not been here for two years, and i was very pleased with the renovated rooms and public areas. The service was always good, but it was exceptional on this visit. Even at 1am check in, the individual from the front desk took us up to the room to make sure all was well. The rooms were spacious, and very comfortable, and the only improvement needed was the low light over the sink in the bath room.The cafe where breakfast was served was well set out, with different stations, although it was a little pricey at close to $45 sing. per head. If breakfast was not included, I perhaps would go out for a tenth of the cost and have some of the local breakfast.The staff in the hotel were excellent, and very polite, greeting guest where ever they met you. My only complain was the cost of wifi at $30sing. was a little steep as was the price of snacks around the pool. $14 for a smoothe, and $14 to launder a sports shirt were a little on the high side, even by international standards. A wonderful hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>APinkLady
<Content>Luxury We stayed in a club room on the 20th Floor for 5 nights. The room was big with a fantastic bathroom where you can look straight out to sea from! Along with Molton Brown toiletries and surround sound system that you can connect your ipod to.We feel the extra paid for the club room was worth it for the size of the room, the veiws and the club lounge! The club lounge provides Champagne breakfast, high tea, evening cocktails and canapes and internet all included in the club room price.We had breakfast in both the Club lounge and Melt, both were really good but the selection of food in Melt was outstanding. During our stay we ate dinner in Melt and Cherry Garden, both were very good with good service.The pool area is a good size, very clean and great service from the pool staff, who provided bottles of water, sorbet and fresh fruit.The location of the hotel isn't central but opposite the Esplanade and right next to Marina Square shopping centre so plenty of places to eat and drink nearby. However it only cost around 拢1 for a taxi to Clarke Quay and about 拢2 to Orchard Rd. We did walk to Clarke Quay which only took around 15 minutes! I do agree this hotel is more of a business hotel but it's still worth staying there for a little bit of luxury.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SydneyKeen_Traveller
<Content>Better service than the old Oriental Stayed here again for 4 nights on business in a deluxe harbour room. Last stayed at the Oriental in early 2007 before the change in name from the Oriental to the Mandarin Oriental. Was truly but pleasantly surprised at the enhanced level of service in the hotel - more friendly, obliging, thinking ahead staff then the former Oriental. As a regular traveller to Singapore (for business and leisure) have found in the past that, in most hotels here, staff can be friendly but have robotic smiles and there is always an element of arrogance in the service level - quite a big difference to the servicelevels in the hotel industry in Thailand. Maybe it was the rebadging of the hotel's name or maybe it has to do with the recent Singaporean government's attempts to unshackle some of its control over the citizens and encourage creativity and fun in this city state. But whatever the reason is the result is most welcome.As this is a business trip paid by my employer, did not check-in into a club room and hence did not have access to the club lounge and otherclub facilities (which I have previously experienced). But the deluxe room was fine - no Molton Brown toiletries and access to the Cub lounge with free internet or food and beverage, and still a CRT TV butotherwise still a luxurious and comfortable room to stay in. But the pleasant surprise this time is that my room rate includes the daily breakfast at Melt which is really outstanding. The buffet spread is even better and more varied than my best to date (Peninsula Bangkok). One has a choice of having an English, American, Continental, Chinese,Indian, Korean, Japanese or Malay breakfast (and can of course mix and match) on a daily basis. One can easily skip lunch after such a big and elaborate breakfast. Breakfast in the Club Lounge, however, is a more sedate continental affair.Agree with most of the positives said about this hotel - which I won'trepeat, however, a few pointers to would be residents:- if possible and affordable stay in a club room- view from a harbour room is better from the ocean room or city view rooms (the latter generally means you will get a view over Suntec Cityor Marina Square, which is not very interesting)- the hotel obviously has either not completely refurbished all the rooms or has decided to leave some rooms more traditionally furnished and equipped (and not like the rooms one can see on the website). To avoid this problem always ask for a room with an MP3 dock(even though you may or may not want to carry one) which means that you will a more up to date room, with DVD player, MP3/ Ipod and video camera docks, surround speakers / sound system and better bathroms (but without a bidet which was available in the other room type). - if booking a non Club room, try to get a rate which includes breakfast. At around SGD$40 (incl. tax) per room breakfast is not cheap by Singaporean hotel standard but is definitely worth it on an all inclusive room package.- If you are staying in a Club room you have access to 8.00pm late check (and you do not have to be an AMEX centurion card member) - this is confirmed in the hotel directory available in all rooms and on the hotel's website. This is ideal for travellers with night flights to Europe or Australia.- From a location perspective, the hotel is next to a massive shoppingmall (historically has been preferred by the locals from value for money perspective; however if you are shopping for labels go to megastores and shopping complexes in Orchard Road which tend to be more catered for overseas visitors). There is no direct link from the hotel to the shopping mall (it was blocked for security reasons in the last refurbishment). But one only has to walk outside, turn right,climb up the stairs and voila. This huge and meandering shopping mall is connected to City Hall MRT station (approx. 10 min walk) and is fully air conditioned. It is only near the MRT Station that one is temporarily exposed to some hot and humid spaces.- local taxis are really cheap by international standard for both business people and tourists. One can get around the central parts of the City (incl. Chinatown, Raffles Place and Orchard) for between SGD5to SGD10 (unless one is unlucky enough to be stuck in traffic). Sure, trips on the MRT are much cheaper (e.g. City Hall to Orchard Road is SGD0.90 per trip! but my recommendation is if time and energy are limited grab a taxi. But avoid the limo taxis (unless desperate) as these will normally charge you SGD20 even for a short trip. If you aretravelling from Orchard Road back to the hotel, be patient, as you will have to queue for a cab (some queues can take 30 to 40 mins). But there are shorter queues at the neighbourhood hotels or side streets (the side queue at the Paragon is a good find on this trip). Otherwise take the MRT to City Hall and walk back to the hotel.One negative and unfortunate thing that I noticed in my last 2 trips to Singapore this year is that hotel prices in Singapore have increased. My local contacts tell me that this is due to an increase in tourism into Singapore, more conventions and exhibitions and special events happening in Singapore (e.g. a Grand Prix for the firsttime next year) and hardly any new hotels being built (most have been refurbished) for quite a few years. The new hotels in the integrated resorts being currently built in Marina Bay and Sentosa will not be finished until until say around 2010.So don't expect the 5 star bargains that one can previously have in Singapore or can still have in KL or Bangkok. But if you are planning to be here, the Mandarin Oriental is great place to stay in.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>NicC
<Content>Nice hotel but location not so great The Mandarin is a great hotel but the location does let it down. Whilst for business guests I guess this is not so much of a problem, but for tourists who have a few days, I would not recommend this place so much unless they got to grips pretty quickly with the transport options.Hotel itself, cannot fault. We didn't get any Molton Brown toiletries that I read of in one review - maybe this is just for Club guests? Incidentally the hotel tried very hard to flog this option to us - it just didn't seem to make economic sense. The breakfast was wonderful but we found the restaurant prices obscenely expensive. Made the mistake of eating at Mortons one night (we'd left it very late to eat, our feet hurt too much to go out and it was the only place that would take us at 1030pm at night in the hotel) and I was shocked by the rip-off prices. S$ 20 for a Martini, when you can get a fabulous one with views to boot at New Asia Bar at the Swisshotel for S$12? S$35 for one tiny crab cake? I refused on principle to order a main course as I felt that to charge those sort of prices for something that would cost a quarter of the price outside was taking the michael. Service was annoyingly American, with waiters wanting to 'present' the menu to us instead of just letting us read the menu! Next thing they will be giving a slideshow. Plus they never let us alone for a minute. Not the place for a romantic dinner.The concierge was not well informed on bus routes - I guess he is more used to helping business guests and hailing cabs. We wanted a bus to the Orchid Gardens and was told that there was only 1 bus that didn't quite go as far - not true. Luckily the bus driver helped out and put us right. There's a bus that takes you right there BTW.This leads me to the location. Not great for tourists. Whilst you can walk, in the sapping heat that's not always an option. City Hall MTR is about 10 mins away and not much use if you want to go to Chinatown or the Quays as this involves a nightmare change at Doby Ghaut. My recommendation is to go across the road and get a bus from Esplanade Mall. The bus maps are easy to work out, they are cheap, and air conditioned! First 2 days we used taxi, then graduated to MTR, but finally worked out the buses were the best way to go. There are loads of buses that go direct to Orchard Road.Next time we visit Singapore, we'd choose the Fullerton. Great hotel in a very central location.Don't bother going to Raffles for the Singapore Sling - what a disappointment and waste of money! DO visit the Swisshotel on Stamford Road and head to New Asia Bar for great cocktails at sunset. We enjoyed Clarke Quay area very much at night, and had the most wonderful brunch at Marmalade Pantry in the Palace Renaissance mall on Orchard Road. Shops don't open until around 1030/11am, so it's great to go there for a late breakfast before the shops open.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	3	2	3	

<Author>rachaelmakeup
<Content>nice but too formal I honeymooned here andloved the Spa. The massage I had at 9pm at night was very memorable. The room service was fab. A lot of American business people here during our stay with local girls. At one point one drunken girl was climbing the pillar in the bar and being geered on by the guys which upset my evening a little. I just felt as a honeymooner, there wasn't a lot of romance in the hotel, mainly business guests so we really took advantage of room service!! The Dolce Vita restaurant wasn't at all prepared for a vegetarian. After liasing with the chef I managed to get a rissoto whipped up at tremendous cost. 拢50 for 2 mains and 2 drinks. My favourite part was swimmming in the rooftop swimming pool in the morning. The design of the hotel was breath taking though! And I loved the staff's uniforms. Would return but wouldn't reccommend for loved up couples.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lieblingsg
<Content>Best Hotel in Singapore I have stayed at many top end hotels in Singapore but I think I have just discovered one of the best that Singapore has to offer. I am referring to the new revamped The Mandarin Oriental Singapore, formerly known as The Oriental. I used to be a member of the gym at the hotel many years ago and I had stayed in their rooms during those period. I would not wax lyrical about my experiences then.The hotel was part of the Marina Square development near the city centre and was part of a trio of hotels, namely, Marina Mandarin, Pan Pacific and The Oriental. The Oriental as it then was had always been the best of the three though. Its neighbour, The Ritz Carlton Millenia, came into the scene as the first 6star hotel In Singapore and had always somewhat overshadowed The Oriental. However, since this hotel became part of the Mandarin Oriental fold, it has metamorphosed into the most luxurious hotel in town. I have stayed in the hotel twice, once over the August 2007 National Day holiday and the other last weekend. My first stay was in a huge corner suite with a south view and that of its neighbour, The Ritz Carlton. The second stay was in a normal deluxe room with a West facing view of the city skyline. On both occasions, I had access to the Club Lounge, which is the reason why a stay in this hotel is very highly recommended.The Club Lounge is the most luxurious facility of its kind in any hotel in Singapore. I have been to a few of these in other hotels but the one in Mandarin Oriental is by far the most luxurious, beautiful and inviting. The d茅cor is something out of Elle D茅cor Magazine with 2 types of seating, plush sofas or small dining tables. The walls are clad in pleasing exotic dark wood veneer and tribal artifacts tastefully adorn the lounge area. The Club Lounge is bathed in natural light which comes in from a high floor to ceiling window panels. There is a library near the reception area but coffee table books are placed everywhere for your reading pleasure. If you have access to the lounge during your stay, this is where you can have breakfast away from the madding crowd, indulge in high tea or enjoy evening cocktails. Between 5.30pm to 7.30pm, that is the best time to hang out at the Club Lounge. That is when they serve gourmet food! Last weekend, they had North Indian food on one evening and French on the other (foie gras maison and slices of magret de canard a l鈥檕range anyone?). During my previous stay, the food was Thai. The food is simply delicious and enough for you to skip dinner altogether. But that means forgoing a delightful selection of superb restaurants in the hotel, including Mortons for exceptional steak.If you don鈥檛 have access to the Club Lounge, there is a coffee lounge on the 4th floor with a harbour view and plush setting. And if you don鈥檛 eat out, order room service. Even its room service food is top notched and the food comes with such beautiful presentation. My order of seafood chowder was absolutely delicious and came chock a block with a treasure trove of shrimps, mussels and scallop. My order of Tom Yam Goong was served in a petite young coconut. In other words, this hotel has the Mandarin Oriental quality stamp all over. This also applies to the service for which Mandarin Oriental is famous for. From the bellboys, to the reception and down to the chambermaids, everyone greets you with a smile. As you check in, a personel will escort you to your room or to the Club Lounge. The service is both assured and confident. You cannot say the same about this in many other establishments on the island.The rooms are very tastefully done with a lot of wood and marble in the d茅cor. The beds are very comfortable and the bathroom adequately spacious with a separate bathtub and shower areas. The toiletries from Molton Brown are quite exotic and very refreshing. Whilst the rooms are not equipped with a plasma TV, the touch screen universal remote for the TV makes navigation for in-room entertainment a breeze. I recommend a room with the harbour/city skyline view. It will take your breath away despite the sight of towering cranes all over the construction site for the integrated resort. The sunset and water view is worth the extra penny. They also pamper you with a generous fruit bowl, a delicious cheese platter plus a bottle of wine.I did not try the spa, so I cannot comment on that. The fitness centre has been upgraded and is now 10 times better than what it used to be. The fitness centre is no longer open to public membership which explains its quality. The hotel pool is definitely one of the best here as it offers you a good depth and length enough for you to do short laps.If you are an Amex Centurion Card holder like me, you have extended check out until 6pm, which gives you all the extra time to indulge in the luxury that this superb property has to offer. I would recommend this hotel highly for a superb weekend getaway even to Singaporeans. My experience here is 10 times better than that in Mandarin Oriental Kuala Lumpur (see separate review).  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Liriel
<Content>Made our honeymoon even MORE memorable!       Our bedroom and kingsize bed  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aia
<Content>Superb hotel I think this is my favourite hotel I have ever stayed in! We just stayed here for 3 nights in total on our honeymoon. The hotel is just so luxurious and you just feel so pampered. Can't wait to go back to Singapore again, so we can stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chiangmai61
<Content>A perfect stay From the welcome at the airport till the check out of our stay everything was more than perfect. We enjoyed our stay a lot, nothing was too much. In the room all details were there and well maintained. Sure that we will return.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wtetek
<Content>Excellent experience.       Contemporary and oriental deco  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buyply
<Content>3rd year back at the Oriental This was our 3rd year back at the Oriental, all stays have been for 14 nights, this year we did not book the Club on the 19th floor and this suited us as we did not have to rush to get back for the club lounge between 5.30-7.30pm, and the plus side was that having breakfast in Melt each morning was fantastic, just so much choice.The service around the pool was already good but we felt had improved even more this year, with bottled water, sorbets and fresh fruit being given out throughout the day.We did not use the hotel to eat in the evenings as we could eat acroos the road at a hawker centre for under 拢10.00.Would not hesitate reccommending this hotel, everything about it is 1st class.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>markandwendy
<Content>unbelievable service it was the last leg of our honeymoon,and after stopping at some amazing hotels this topped it. the service and staff were unbelievable. felt like the king and queen. got an upgrade to a suite as it was our honeymoon but the staff couldnt do enough for us. the hotel is fantastic,modern and tranquil and very very flash. the restaraunts were magnificent. would recommend this to everyone.absolute luxury  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pmp007
<Content>Very good surprise From the outside you can't guess what expects you. Small lobby. But big rooms. And modern. Well decorated. Very good breakfast, one of the best i've ever tried. Fresh fruit juices. Fresh cakes. Big variety. For the room request a Harbour City view, it's worth the diference. ut the only diference is only the view. But by the night you won't regret. Close to all atractions.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bluechick
<Content>Pure luxury I stayed at this hotel in August 2007 after a trip through Malaysia. Having stayed in cheap hotels through Malaysia I wanted to book luxury for the last stop. And I'm glad I did! I got a stay 4 nights pay 3 deal which made it much cheaper. The room was lovely and the bathroom was beautiful. The breakfast was also amazing. Great location as well, and ocean views. I also enjoyed the pool with its city views. Being unused to staying in these kinds of hotels however I did feel there were a couple of downsides. Another reviewer mentioned the overservice and I felt the same. It felt like I couldn't turn a corner without someone there to open a door for me and it made me feel more like I was constantly being watched. But the shop assistants do that as well in Malaysia/Singapore so I think it is just their way. Other complaints were the price of everything - use of internet in the business centre was hideously expensive (there is a very cheap internet cafe up the road) - and also having only duvets on the beds in a city that is constantly hot and humid meant for a couple of very warm nights. To be fair though, I never asked for the bed to be changed so that might have been available if requested.Overall, thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely recommend it. Singapore is also a lovely city and so safe for a solo female traveller!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MsGandT
<Content>Incredibly indulgent! I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for 2 nights in October 2007, during a short transit in Singapore. Am I ever glad I did! The hotel itself is stunning. My room was on the 8th floor with a harbour view and overlooking the pool. It was immaculate. But what really made the stay for me was the staff. They could not have been more helpful and friendly. I feel I should also put in a good word for the breakfast at Melt's Cafe. It was a buffet to end all buffets. I think I sampled Chinese, Indian and continental breakfasts one morning....shame I didn't follow up with a trip to the onsite fitness studio!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>gvabibi
<Content>Nice lobby Very calm and relaxing place. I had a lovely and spacious room on the 8th floor with a great view on the marina. The lobby and the interior decoration are really magnificent, this hotel is one of the most beautiful places I have ever stayed. What is not that great about this hotel: 1) the location, a little far from the MRT station, and sometimes you have to wait 10-15 minutes or more to get a taxi at the hotel. 2) the service is a bit slow (especially the room service and the pool bar).  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	2	3	

<Author>Geribean
<Content>Three cheers for the Mandarin Oriental Singapore! From the moment we arrived from the second we left we were treated like visiting royalty - they literally killed the fatted calf for us. We were upgraded to the Club Suite (obviously this means paying extra but my word, it was blinking worth it). The use of the club means gorgeaus bedrooms, use of the club lounge for afternoon tea and evening cocktails and canapies where we literally drank our own body weight in champagne.Loved the facilities and lots of restaurants to pick from. Would we stay here again? We would move in if we could!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RNBNY
<Content>They converted me I have to say, after many years of the Raffles and the one time they were fully booked, I had to try the Oriental. It sounds like a complaint, but far from it. For a modern hotel, this is truly luxurious. I do agree that the in room check-in is irritating, but I have to stay it was nice being whisked up to the room after a long trans-pacific flight. The lobby space is impressive though not beautiful, but the views from the room overlooking the harbour are stunning. It is a little out of the way, but taxis are available. The staff is very professional and extremely gracious. The bath is delicious, and room, though slightly small still wonderfully appointed. The lounge is a lovely space and pool pleasant. Staff suggestions are surprisingly good, unlike most that guide you to overly touristy places. The best part was a fantastic bowl of congee at 5:00 a.m. just before departure. There is an art to making it, and the service was superb. This is my new home in Singapore, and would suggest anyone to give it a try. There is something to the Raffles, but the Oriental surpasses in every way.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hanyu
<Content>Renamed and revamped. A lot of improvement. I'm a fan. Stayed at the renamed Mandarin Oriental Singapore over a weekend when in town to see some relatives as a stopover on the way back home. I've stayed here before some 6 years back and been to the Shangri-La, Fullerton, Four Seasons and Ritz-Carlton. I was curious about the heavy advertising on the renamed, rejuvenated spiel for this branch of the Mandarin Oriental chain and opted to stay here. I got a harbourview room.Incentives:1) There has indeed been a marked improvement in the hotel since several years ago. I was honestly impressed with the change. The hotel looks refreshed and even though the building itself isn't that new, the hotel and its facilities/furnishings have all been upgraded and/or well-maintained.2) With the new casino coming up and move of the business/downtown area to the bay area, The MOSG is in an excellent location for business in the future along with already lovely views pegged to improve as 2010 looms. 3) It is next to a major mall with food and shops readily available though it is not directly connected to it like the Pan Pacific. This means having to walk outdoors and risking some rain frequently but I personally didn't find the 2 minute journey that much of a hassle.The local theatre and concert hall is right across the street for those with artistic intents.4) The service is truly top-notch and in this reviewer's opinion, now the best in town. The staff were all sincerely friendly and smiling with greetings that didn't sound too artificial or over the top like in some places. They opened lift doors and the doormen were always ready to assist. Memorably, housekeeping polished 2 pairs of shoes for me and even declined a tip saying it was a pleasure to be of service and he enjoyed polishing really good quality shoes! In all my years of travel, I've never encountered such a thing and am truly impressed. This attention to personal detail and individual touches by the staff helps make one feel special and at home and differentiates the truly international world-class from mere 5 stars.They have clearly exceeded anything Fullerton, Ritz-Carlton and Four Seasons have provided in the service department. Only the Shangri-La compares but the Shang's location isn't as convenient for future business come 2010 and truth be told, it is also getting a little long in the tooth.5) They have a great collection of restaurants and breakfast was excellent. Morton's, the chinese restaurant and the cafe were all consistently good places. This is useful for business trips since meal meetings can be right at the hotel without sacrificing food quality.Discentives:1) The only blimp on service was that I checked in with a request for a non-smoking harbourview room , which was accepted when I made a booking, only to be sent to a smoking one. When I called front desk, the person on actually told me they didn't have anymore non-smoking rooms. This is clearly wrong and my booking shouldn't have been accepted to begin with or I should have been told at the front desk rather than after I came up to the room. To the hotel's credit, the front desk manager immediately took charge when I expressed unhappiness and moved me into a better non-smoking room with a better view and sent up bellhops to move my luggage. These personnel also declined any further tip as part of the apology for the error. She also called to personally apologise for the mistake.2) The rooms are functional at best with little character or space. However, closet and storage space is quite excellent.One can argue that prices for rooms in Singapore are very reasonable next to Hongkong or even Bangkok for the upper end but a little more space would be nice. The next door Ritz-Carlton fairs better in this department.The lack of character and amenities seems to be a Singapore hotel thing in general. Even the lauded Fullerton's Philippe Starck room furnishings were somewhat perfunctory overall in design when put together though each individual piece was often quite avant garde.The special extras found in MO NYC and HK were all missing like decked out multi-fax phones and flat screen TVs in the bathrooms.3) The hotel rooms still use cathode-ray tube TVs. This is already quite unacceptable for 5 star world city standards. However, the facility to iPod link to the the room sound system is pretty good. 4) The need to exit the hotel in the open to get to the nearby mall has already been mentioned.5) No underground mass transit service is nearby and public transport ex-taxis are not a feature of this hotel or the nearby Ritz-Carlton.6) For a revamp, it is disconcerting to see they still use the old name The Oriental on the clothes hangers, writing instruments and toiletries while the mineral water and paper etc. trumpet Mandarin Oriental. This is somewhat inconsistent, though to be fair a more minor point.Taken in total, the MOSG has indeed impressed me and seems to be a true member of the aggressively expanding MO chain. While minor points remain that peg it lower than its compatriots in Tokyo, Hong Kong and Bangkok, this is true of all Singapore hotels in general.When in Singapore, weighing all the hotel options, I would definitely opt to stay at the MOSG again. It is my pick for a Singapore hotel. I'm a fan.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	2	5	4	

<Author>HappyTraveller4957
<Content>Majic Hotel My partner and 6 year old son stayed at the hotel for 3 nights on our way back to New Zealand and it was just what we needed to relax and be pampered after a busy time in Europe for 3 weeks. From the moment you arrive every staff member makes you feel very special.We were upgraded to a larger city room which was lovely and of the hotels we had stayed in the bathroom had a seperate shower not the shower -bath set up. Service in the dining room for breakfast and choice was great and even at the swimming pool there was always someone to give you a towel or lemon sorbet. Good location close to Sun Tec City and harbour cruises boat quay and clarke quay. We can recommend this hotel to anyone  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>20lindy
<Content>Perfect Arrived to the friendliest welcome ever. Due to us being newlyweds we were immediately upgraded to a suite, This was 2 rooms that were the biggest i have ever stayed in complete with a luxurious bathroom that you could have held a party in, settees, coffee table large wall to wall executive desk i could go on and on. To say the least it was absolute luxury. Singapore was fantastic we just love all the people they were so freindly ..........................Thank you Oriental for making it a great start too our honeymoon we will certainly be returning.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BrisbaneNelly
<Content>Luxury We arrived in Singapore at 6am and had a one night stopover booked on the way home to Australia from Russia. The room was going to be available from 2pm but we upgraded to a suite to get a room straight away. The room included the Club Room facilities (breakfast that morning and use of the 19th floor Club Room which gave you free afternoon tea  evening open bar with delicious hot/cold snacks). The breakfast room on the 4th floor has an extremely extensive food selection and very ambient surroundings.The hotel itself is first-class in all respects, with very happy, helpful staff, and one we would recommend without reservation.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>noxioust
<Content>Another fantastic hotel in Singapore! This hotel is real class with impeccable service! I stayed there for two nights as a stopover on the way to Oz. I wanted to treat myself, so i thought what the heck? The really go the extra mile for their customers. For example, they contacted the airport about my lost luggage without even me asking. They also opened the breakfast diner 20 mins earlier because i had an early flight to catch! Now, i wasn't even staying in a suite, just a standard room. The one problem i have about this property is that it's quite hard to get to. It's not very close to any MRT stations. But that's all. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spartac
<Content>Very impressive hotel.       Singapore - View from the room  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Peelay
<Content>Just average We had just stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong a month before, and given it's cut from the same cloth and had allegedly just been renovated too, staying at the Oriental in Singapore you would not have known they were related. Pet hate - in room check in which they are quite insistent on and had to be firmly dissuaded from trying again, after our first experience of it. Took forever, no need. Why do they insist on coming into your room with their shoes on?The room finishings were cheap and the touch screen remote control for the tv, just annoying, as were the ceiling speakers. Big hole in the ceiling above the shower that was just not filled in. Cheap slatted blind to hide the glass wall separating the bedroom area and bathroom - why bother with a glass wall at all if you're not going to put the bath there as a feature. Bad, bad design. Cheap products in the bathrooms.Huge and impressive atrium space but most of the rooms are linked to outside corridors around it and therefore noisy. Request a room at the end of these corridors. Communal corridors featured ripped and dirty wall papers. Has it been totally or partially renovated?A ridiculous number of staff to meet and greet all of whom want to take your bag and ask you the same question. Very tiresome indeed. Good choice of restaurants, from Mortons to the Melt the World Cafe (Melt - The World Cafe actually, but we preferred the former way of reference). MtWC seems to do the buffet thing at all times. Disappointing; wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tunesm
<Content>Top notch hotel Couldn't fault this hotel. The room was clean and nicely designed and we were even given an upgrade on arrival which was delightful. The staff were helpful and friendly - the doormen were great. The buffet breakfast was one of the best we've had in the world - pretty much anything you wanted you could get. Make sure you cross the road and try the Hawkers Market there. It's filled with locals and the food is excellent - Especially the Roti which we had more than once. I would honestly fly back just for that!Only difficulty was trying to get a cab at times but it's not like we had anywhere else to be as we were on holiday! It's about a ten minute drive to Orchard Rd and very close to the Raffles Hotel (for high tea).I would absolutely stay here again and would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chipsox
<Content>Wow!! I stayed there for the first time on 9/20....just for one night...on my way home from Penang. I just have to say that I was thoroughly impressed with this property. The staff was incredible...my room was clean, large...and the view was breathtaking overlooking the water. Had a great meal at Morton's Steakhouse....my only complaint is the bar at Morton's closed too early..... Minor complaint. Love this place....and am looking forward to my next visit.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Voyager28
<Content>Book a Club Room Stayed for 4 nights earlier in the year on way back from Australia.Had booked a city view club Room and were advised on checking in thet we were upgraded to a harbour view.I do not think there is much to choose from between them.It is well worth the extra for the Club Rooms. Other reviewers have covered these in detail. Suffice to say that if you are just wanting a few relaxing days in Singapore the use of the club lounge will make your stay more enjoyable.With free evening snacks and drinks it also pays for itself.We eat in the chinese restaurant which was pleasant and good value.We had a meal in the Blue restaurant at the top of the Shangri la hotel which had a stunning view and good food.It is worth asking the hotel to book you a limo transfer from the airport. Not the hotels limo as this is more expensive and provides the same level of car.The airport limo is not much dearer than an ordinary taxi.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>safircraze
<Content>Great stays At least twice a year i stay at this hotel. Overall, it's good for food and shopping cos it's adjacent to marina shopping mall complex, and across the street from the esplanade concert hall. The bad: far from MRT (about 20 mins walk), but you can catch cab very easily, or from the esplanade bus stop, hop on one of many buses that will pass one of the MRT stations. Room-wise, the harborview is the best because it has newest facilities, with dvd player etc, and, ofcourse, stunning view. The bathroom has a wall glass so you can take a shower and watch tv at the same time.the other room is facing city and another one i can't remember the name of the view. These rooms are old-ish style, but HUGE, much bigger than the one facing harborfront ( i can't remember whether this room has dvd player). But anyway rooms are very clean, with complete amenities (i love the body lotion). Try booking with breakfast included, cos the food range is to die for. I used to stay at the fullerton, though it's closer to boat quay, room-wise, oriental is much larger  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Macau038
<Content>Excellent I have stayed at the Oriental, Singapore a number of times in the last 18 months and everytime I have found the hotel staff, service and quality to meet and exceed my expectations. Although considered to be essentially a business hotel I would have no hesitation in taking the family there to stay also. The FB are brilliant and the Morton's Steakhouse is a favorite with a lot of the local Singaporeans also. Well worth the money.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>battersaweib
<Content>Good but not great       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	5	4	3	

<Author>laleitz
<Content>Indulgent and Relaxing stay at the Mandarin I met my husband for a stay in a City View, Club Level Room at the Oriental, and it was absolutely the right place for us to stay. The whole hotel environment is one that feels utterly serene and indulgent. The room was well appointed and I appreciated the little touches the housekeeping services added each day.The hotel is located an easy 10 minute walk to the City Hall subway station, and it is possible to do almost the whole walk indoors through various malls if Singapore is having one of its torrential downpours.. Getting cabs was super convenient, and the workers hailing the cabs were so nice and actually funny!The Club perks were worth every penny- free internet in the lounge, extra help with concierge services, champagne breakfast, non-alc drinks all day, and evening cocktail and hors d'oeuvre hour. The breakfast was a nice blend of waitress service and buffet. I loved having a mimosa in the morning! The best thing was that the cocktail hour food was amazing and changed significantly each day. At both main services they had a wonderful selection of very fine cheeses. The afternoon tea had a nice array of nibbles, too. They seemed to be a bit slow in the service in the lounge, but most of the time i think it was cultural and not wanting to intrude or to seem pushy...I loved the amenities in the room especially the nice sound system and the soothing Chinese Tea when we arrived. The bathroom was beautiful, though I do wish the tub and the shower had been a bit bigger. Each were fine only for one person really.As far as some of the otehr aspects of the hotel: We had a couple's massage in the spa's couple's suite and the service there was impeccable. The massage was one of the best each of us has had. The food from room service was surprisingly good, as was the food at Melt. We didn't try the other restaurants though we heard good things about the Japanese restaurant and the Mediterranean restaurant from friends staying at the same time as us. I sat out by the pool, but I didn't get in because the one day i had time I felt it was too cool to get wet and there is no hot tub. Overall, we really loved our stay at the Oriental, and we would go back in a heartbeat, particularly for the reasonable prices we had for the club (about $300 US after taxes/service fee).  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alauns1
<Content>Lovely food but overstaffed We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and the over service nearly drove us crackers. The room was lovely, the views great, facilities turn down etc great but the hotel is overstaffed to the extent that it is inefficient.You are greeted by 3/4 staff on going in for breakfast, then brought to a table by one of the staff where you order coffee/tea etc before helping yourself to a wonderful buffet. Obviously the desk then process the check to sign and deliver it to the table independent of the serving staff and one morning we received the check to sign before we had even got our coffees!!!!We dined one night in the japanese restaurant which was very good but to give an example of the staff not being busy enough, we ordered water and during the course of the meal the waiter would visit the table, open one bottle of water, pour it into one glass, replace the cap, replace the bottle on the table...open the other bottle of water, pour it into the other glass, replace the cap, replace the bottle.......wait a few minutes watching how much you have drunk and repeat the process.There were other examples of 3 people from reception dealing with the same thing, 3 people hovering for the bags on check out.....again more staff is not necessarily better.We like good 5 star service, but service should be unobtrusive. This hotel is over staffed and fussy because of it.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bluenose57
<Content>A holiday of a lifetime ! What a place, stayed there in June 2007 with my twin brother and our wives and my father. celebrated our joint 50th birthday and my fathers return to Singapore since 1962. Decided to upgrade to the Club Floor before we arrived, what a choice ! the staff in the hotel are excellent, picked for thier customer service and charm. Full marks to Melvis and her team at the Club level who pampered us (especially my father, 73), the cost of the upgrade to the Club level was well worth it, excellent breakfast and full day service, cocktails in the evening were just the thing to round off the day. We are planning to go back to Singers in 2010 for my wifes 50th and our 30th Wed Ann. Will stay in another hotel purely to get a different view of the city. If you are first time in Singapore the Oriental would not be far of a very good hotel at a very good price.. thanks to all at the hotel for making our stay a lifetime memory of good times.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SYCAMORES
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We have just returned to the UK after a 4 night stay at The Oriental, Singapore.We arrived on 30th August 207.The rooms were clean, large and had everything that was needed. The staff were always smiling and very helpful.The buffet breakfast in the 'Melt Restaurant' was out of this world, with every type of food available.We also dined in the Morton steak house and the Italian restaurant 'Dolce Vita', both sited within the hotel.Both were excellent..The pool was brilliant along with the very helpful and attentive staff at poolside.It was a very pleasant stay after having travelled around Australia for 3 week.Well Recommended and would certainly stay again.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brian37
<Content>Great hotel, but avoid special occasions I stayed at the Oriental, Singapore from August 8 to 12. The room was large and luxurious, and the staff were efficient and friendly. The only problem was the Independence Day celebrations which took place outside. Road traffic to the hotel was totally blocked for many hours. I had to walk half a mile or so through extreme pedestrian congestion. Fortunately I could manage OK, but a handicapped person, or someone carrying luggage, would have found it impossible. I suggest you check what events may be on in Marina Bay before booking.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYC-Canuck
<Content>Prepare to be Pampered       #1806 - View from room Night  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amc431
<Content>Wouldn't consider staying anywhere else We stayed here for 3 nights from 10-12 July in a standard city-view room. After a difficult journey to get to Singapore (delays etc.) the Oriental made it all worthwhile. When we mentioned the nightmare journey whilst checking in the receptionist said well we're looking after you now and they really did. A truly fabulous hotel, the best service and attention to detail I've ever experienced. The room was large with a great bathroom and dressing area and excellent, unobtrusive housekeeping service. Every time we went out it seemed like someone came in to tidy, make beds or change towels etc. - like magic! This reflected the quality of service throughout, superb. I also had a Spa treatment and we ate in the poolside restaurant. Again all fantastic. Can't praise it highly enough!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Slick999
<Content>Wonderful Hotel What a wonderful Hotel. The views from the habour rooms were excellent. We stayed for 2 nights on our Honeymoon before travelling on to Bali. It does have a slight clinical feel but the staff are faultless and the choice for breakfast is amazing. Its true luxury even down to having a member of staff in the lift to press the button for the floor you need (just in case you can't press it yourself!!) Because we were on our honyemoon we got a free room upgrade to the Harbour view which is well worth paying for the upgrade and we also got a free bottle of wine. There is alot of building work in the area and can be slightly noisy but I think that is just common of Singapore as its such a busling and developing place. The hotel is in such a good position I would recommend this hotel to try.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>deevienne
<Content>Great hotel and location. Take the breakfast.       Long Bar at Raffles  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>henrieta
<Content>Impressive but cold and noisy The staff in all areas was very polite and always helpful. The breakfast buffet was impressive. We stayed in the Harbor room on the 8th floor 鈥?the room was extraordinary.The hotel is very well decorated, but it felt very cold because the main colors are black and red. The only issue was the noise. From the inside it is the Morton鈥檚 bar, which gets very busy in the evenings and you can hear the noise in the bathroom and the room entrance. From the outside, there was a building work going on opposite of the hotel, which started early in the morning till 8pm. It was very disturbing and it didn鈥檛 stop during the weekend at all. Please note that I was there in Oct. 2006, so I am not sure if this is still going on 鈥?check with your tour operator or directly with the hotel. Also near Esplanade is a place which holds some live music concerts, which are also very disturbing. On Friday night it went on until 1 am. The swimming pool and the area around are very nice with a great view at day and night. But again it was very noisy because of the building work on the harbor side. I can accept the typical city noise, but this was a bit too much. The windows in the hotel room cannot be opened and yet I could hear all that noise inside.The fitness room was quite small for hotel with such a capacity.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NieceEngland
<Content>Felt like royalty The Oriental is truly a breathtaking hotel. The staff are ultra efficient. Our room overlooked the city and marina and was so breathtaking that we slept with the curtains open just so we missed nothing.Our only slight critisism would be that it has a very 'clinical' feel, and unlike Bangkok or Indonesia we did not get the feeling that the staff were genuinely welcoming. That aside, our room was really comfortable, and cleaned twice a day. The staff were not intrusive and we were not pestered by reps or hotel management wanting us to book trips.It obviously caters for both business and tourist guests and manages to make both feel comfortable.A quick mention for the head doorman. A truly wonderful character, full of advice and information  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>archae01
<Content>Superb: Words can't do it justice       Beautiful room and impressive view  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>q9rve
<Content>Amazing New Year Celebration at The Oriental       Bathtroom 1  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Bonnie84
<Content>Out of this world Wow! What an amazing start to a holidayMy partner and I booked a trip to Austalia and as the journey is a long one we decided to stop over in Singapore for a few nights.Not knowing what Singapore was like let alone the hotels we took a gamble and chose The Oriental Hotel - the pictures looked amazing on the website so we thought why not!We arrived and I must say the pictures were great but nothing compared to the real thing! On arrival our bags were taken to our room which was the Premier city suite, and we got shown round the hotel by the staff. The hotel is faultless, the decor is amazing and completley compliments what the hotel is offering. The swimming pool is amazing which also has a childs pool too. Our hotel room was amazing totally out of this world, the bathroom was huge, plenty of strorage and a lovely comfy bed. What was a nice surprise was that as we was on one of the suite floors we had complimentary breakfast and evening canapes, all of which was fantastic and on our very own floor!!! What I loved about the hotel was how friendly people were, very helpfull and always smiling - just what you want when you are on holiday. The hotel was very very clean and we felt like royalty!The choice of restaurants was brilliant to, there were plenty to choose from continental, japanese, tai, american etc. The hotel is very very close to the harbour and shopping malls and is a 5 minute taxi journy to the local markets and orchard road. I felt that Singapore was very cheap but if you want to spend big bucks then head to Orchard Rd where all the boutique shops are - if your looking for something traditional, a bargain or electrical items at a great price then head to the markets at china town! In my opinion the price of the Hotel was very cheap considering what you pay for a basic hotel in England what you get at the oriental is loads for your money. If your thinking about going here then I would definatley recommend booking one of the delux, or premier suites as breakfast is thrown in (but double check before booking) !Overall the hotel and the area was spot on - we will be definatley be returning to this hotel - 10 out of 10!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DKBS
<Content>Fabulous Oriental We have just returned from 4 nights at the Oriental Hotel Singapore. We loved staying here, the hotel was fabulous and the service outstanding. We had a standard room which was very spacious (bigger than we had expected) and ample space for 2 adults and our 2 year old (who slept in a cot provided by the hotel). The staff couldn't have been more friendly and did everything to assist us - nothing was ever too hard. They even remembered my husband's birthday and a birthday cake was even left in our room.Breakfast was amazing with every cusine and food type covered - even little desserts/lollies etc. The pool was a typical city hotel pool (rectangle shape) but very nice and there is also a children's pool. What makes this pool area even better is the staff, the greet you as you walk out to the pool, have your towels ready on your cabana chair (with a headrest!), then they bring you a bottle of cold water and a small plate of fresh fruit. They have kids pool toys as well so our little one was entertained. Very relaxing. My husband had a massage in the day spa which was fantatsic. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants apart from breakfast but they did seem lovely. Overall we loved this hotel for the staff, the tranquil surrounds and being on the marina (with a shopping centre right next door). It was excellent (and just far away from the bustle of Orchard road but close enough to everything). It was fabulous with a toddler too who loved going up and down in their glass lifts. We would definately recommend this hotel and stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vtsoren
<Content>Great hotel, great views, service just ok Overall, the hotel is beautiful. Our room was large and well appointed with modern furniture and a very large bathroom. We also had a great view to the sea. The restaurants are great - very nicely decorated and expansive, tasty offerings. The pool area is great - good size pool and lots of lawn chairs. The only negative point I can say is that the staff's service-level is slow. We seemed to have to wait all the time - for our food, for the bill, for the concierge, for check-in, for check-out. Perhaps we just hit a peak time? Otherwise, it's recommended.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	2	4	

<Author>Oceanrose
<Content>A boutique experience! What an experience! Pure indulgence on a visit to the Great Singapore Sale...I had stayed at Pan Pacific Marina Mandarin and the Ritz and had Oriental left to try...saved the best to last although the Ritz Club level was pretty hard to beat.I arrived at 5ish after a slick taxi ride fro Changi to a very smooth and welcoming Check-in with the staff being very helpful and a upgrade to an Ocean-view room that was requested if available by my travel agent.I did have an internet booking for Aus$190 but lost it because it expired so went to an agent who got me a room for Aus$218 and would rather have someone to talk to about the booking.(that is single supplementt).I could have had a room overlooking the Merlion/city/ harbor(Aus$50) more but found the ships waiting to come into the harbor interesting and the new Singapore eye that is not finished plus the pool you can see if it is busy.After the porters delivered my luggage empty!I ordered an ice bucket and my wine was even poured and always asked for anything else Madam very obliging...so after a long flight off to my favourite markets...Manstruki Gluttony across the road on the esplanade for the best food!On rising I ordered Soy Milk for my tea which was bought up each am with a paper and while waiting for the shops to open a session in the wonderful new gym-Velvet wallpaper..Chiffon Blak Chandiler and Black marble with the most stunning Orchid display with a trainer handing you a tray woth a towel headphones and water as you sign in...the most Technogym and loverlooking the pool and the view of a very famous West Australian sportsman/journalist!The pool is warm and inviting and great for laps and as you slide out of the water a fresh juice is bought to you complimentry and a towel laid out and one rolled behind you head..Luxury for a busy mother...so the wait for the shops to open at 11am as I am still on children time 5.30 am and a quick read of the Herald and a magazine before I hit the many shopping areas around usually MRT or taxi or so easy to walk ther but so many bags a taxi back.On arriving back relaxing drink with the amazing Surround sound system and I even got to watch a DVD I had taken as I only see movies on a plane 1x a year or there was 40 odd channels with the most complex remote...I even got to plug in my Ipod and listen to it through the surround sound!DynamiI agree the Plasma screens would have been a nicer touch..Any problems with the technology and the staff where there to help so quickly never a wait for any staff or porter!The bathroom was very oppulent with the black marble and they placed your personal toiletries onto a crisp white cloth.....the Wooden blinds pulled up in the bathroom made it so much bigger seeing through to the wall to wall windows. The turn down service was amazing with another tidy up and prep for sleeping with slippers laid out the relaxing music they put on...missed a orchid on the pillow though as Marina Mandarin did.I asked for fresh flowers and a candle that was in the postcard and I got some very soft pink peonys I think and some birthday candles! I meant a big candle to burn to add to the atmosphere as the view at night was magic...One night they were rehearsing for National Day on Aug 9th and they have built a stage over the water and they had 1000 children there and it went like clockwork that is Singapore for you!That was my Sat night entertainment...amazingOn my last night I had happy hour in the Bar downstairs and I had a huge Margeurita and it came with Chilli Crisps and a tapas plate of cheese fish balls and a small satay yum and only Sin$13....while I was sitting there I noticed the front entrance dotted with blackboys(I mean Grass Trees) with sculptures and a fountain ...very tastefully done...I decided to go to Little India one day and had excellent service from Fahmey at the Concierge on day tours and info and thoroughly enjoyed this area..went from 11am till 7pm walking from Mustafa to Bugis street just get a reciept from the taxi driver as he overcharged me and I got in out the front of the hotel...Overall the hotel has a lovely feel great servie for the door stafff right through and the floral arrangements of Orchids and Peonys magnificent...Glad I saved the best to last and I will be back...oh and I had to buy an extra suitcase and was over 15kgs so beware when shopping as Singapore has it all.....  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>asf
<Content>Dr Drew2's post I couldn't agree more with Dr Drew2's post.Oriental Singapore is a very high class hotel. Location, rooms, amenities and breakfast selection are really good, but the service is the downside and doesn't follow the Mandarin standard elsewhere. Staff are cold. To get the attention of the staff to simply serve coffee/tea at Melt Cafe is a challenge! I usually have 3 cups of tea, but there, I had to be glad to have just the first one flled...  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dr_Drew2
<Content>Great hotel, but a little cold       night view from the pool area  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrankDrebin
<Content>Asian delight..Deserves all the accolades!       View from Room#1909  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NWSongbird
<Content>Lovely oasis on a business trip       Looking through bathroom wall into rest of room  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>S_G.UK
<Content>Good for Suntec The Oriental has 1) beautiful communal areas, folllowing a recent renovation, that give the traveller a lovely sense that they have arrived in Asia - great, esp if it is your first time in S'pre or the region. 2) great staff. Friendly, attentive, and absolutely everywhere you look. Rooms are pretty standard 'could be anywhere in asia' affairs but large, with nice bathrooms and comfy beds. Location near Suntec, Raffles etc is nice - there's really only 2 places to stay in S'pore if you want the 'big international hotel' thing and that's at Suntec or on Orchard Road. To be honest, taxis are so easy to get and cheap and the city so small, I wouldnt have a problem with not being on or near Orchard Road.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>gt4877c
<Content>Get the Breakfast Buffet       The bedroom in a suite  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>EfJay
<Content>Nice room to sleep, but doing anything else expensive I say up front we are not usually 5 star people - but we booked the Oriental as a special treat for the first 2 nights of a 2 week holiday after we flew into Singapore. It also coincided with our wedding anniversary.We booked an ocean view double on line directly with the hotel - but upon arrival found we were 'upgraded' to a Harbour View twin (2 beds pushed together) due to the hotel being at 'full occupancy'. A bit disappointing, given the fact that we booked the room  had it confirmed by the hotel months before.The room itself was lovely, the pillows and bed the most comfortable I have ever slept on and the view from L12 superb - but I would rather have had the double room we had on our confirmation email. Still it was nicely appointed with good quality fittings, robes, towels, toiletries etc.We found everything outside the room was beyond our budget. Even the online rate (quoted on line in $USD different for each night) was converted to a common $SGP rate per night on arrival - presumably averaged out over the 2 nights. We had to sign our agreement to check in, leaving me wondering if we were being ripped off as I was not familiar with the $USD/$SGD/$AUD exchange - have to wait for the credit card bill to check! The shops  restaurants in the surrounding area were also expensive and quiet, and lacking in the genuine street life which for me is part and parcel of Asia. I found the location out of the way - the hotel we stayed at on previous visit (Meritus Mandarin) and later on our holiday (Oxford) were much better locations. We tried to get a drink at the round bar on level 4 but it was crowded and the door people asked us to wait (!!)so we headed out of the hotel for all of our food and drink after that. The foyer was beautiful but I found it rather dark and gloomy - no natural light at all. The final bill was $600 SGD including tax but no breakfast - we didnt do anything in the hotel at all other than sleep. I agree with others that the reception area was always busy and you felt like you being railroaded when you went there for anything.In short, if you actually go to see the city - and not hang about the hotel room - there are far better value options!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>point579
<Content>Good but overrated Mandarin Oriental is undoubtedly a very good hotel at a good location. They have comfortable rooms and reasonably good food. However the service is far below what one would expect from a hotel that is rated so highly on tripadvisor.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Gifford
<Content>Not a patch on the Oriental Bangkok My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights in April and I have to say that compared to the standards of service set by the Oriental Bangkok we were disappointed.At check in they seemed only interested in upgrading us to a Club room at an extra cost of about 拢70/night. This seemed over the top and we felt that a 5* hotel should have been more interested in welcoming us than trying to make a quick buck. On top of this we felt food and drink in the hotel was overpriced (drinks were actually cheaper in Raffles Hotel). We went to Morton's bar one night only to be told we could only have one drink as they were closing. My cocktail was the worst and most expensive Cosmopolitan I have ever had. This is clearly a business-orientated hotel and there were a few conventions on when we visited which made the dining room busy at breakfast time.Despite these criticisms the hotel is very well situated for seeing the sights of the city and the room was very nice, though again not quite up to its Bangkok counterpart, though that hotel is in a class of its own.For anyone already booked to stay here do not worry, the hotel is still very good, but I do not think it is up to the many rave reviews previously given, as there are many excellent hotels in Singapore  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Belgian_EU
<Content>Amazing hotel This was an amazing hotel, one of the best I have stayed in. The service was 95% excellent - only once did they forget to come and collect my laundry.The hotel upgraded me to a Harbour View room on the 12th floor and the view was magnificent. The room was new, although without a LCD TV, but it had cables for connecting iPods to the surround-sound system and a DVD player. The bathroom was huge and well-appointed. The bed was king-sized and extremely comfortable. Breakfast had been included and the buffet on the 4th floor had everything I would expect from a 5 star hotel in Asia.The only downside was the location, as the hotel faces the developments on the harbour. It is a good 15 minutes on foot to the nearest MRT at the moment (City Hall) although this will improve when the Circle Line is finished. However you can cross the road to the Esplanade and there is a bus stop. Thank goodness taxis are so cheap in Singapore!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>randcbathgate
<Content>A good stay at about the Oriental BUT ... My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in April. Having stayed a week previously at the Mandarin in KL (see our review) where the service was really fantastic, the Oriental was a little disappointing by comparison. The public areas and hotel rooms are exactly what you would expect from a hotel of this class. Rooms were spotlessly clean and well serviced. Toiletries and tea/coffee were replenished twice daily, and fresh fruit was put into the room each morning.There was a good roof top pool area with sun loungers, (but not enough umbrellas), and a spa which was very nice. The hotel also benefits from being located next to the Marina Mall - which can be accessed from the hotel forecourt.Location wise the Oriental is great. You are walking distance from the old Colonial areas of the city (Raffles landing point etc) and taxis are plentiful around the hotel.The downside to this hotel was the service. Whilst everyone was very polite, it was obvious that this is a hotel with a high turnover of guests. During our stay there were a number of conferences underway at the hotel, and also endless tour buses delivering, or collecting guests. This meant that reception was always busy, and you generally had to wait to speak to reception staff/concierge.When we were intially show to our room the receptionist left very quickly, and did not explain any of the room features. The tv/audio system was quite complicated to work and we would have appreciated them spending a little time to explain this. We had drinks in two of the hotels bars. On both occasions the sevice was very slow, despite neither bar being particularly busy.These are really minor points, and the hotel overall was a great base for our stay. We would recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>sino888phile
<Content>The Oriental is an excellent hotel! My husband and I have stayed at many hotels in SIngapore, as we use Singapore or Brunei as a stopover in each direction on the way to Hong Kong or China from Perth.I read the reviews on this website, and the Oriental seemed the one which stood out to me. We paid A$214 per night from the hoteltravel.com company for a cityview room.We were never once disappointed with our decision.From being addressed by name when we first arrived, to being upgraded to an oceanview room, to the attentativeness of the staff, we were won over in the first few minutes.Breakfast was unbelievable. Even better than the Empire Hotel in Brunei. There was the widest selection of food we had ever seen and the hot food was actually hot. Whilst waiting to be picked up to go to dinner one night, we counted 14 staff outside the hotel, welcoming and farewelling groups.The room was not enormous like some Chinese hotels, but it was very well laid out and would be very suitable for business people and holidaymakers alike.The Oriental thoroughly deserves its high rating on ths website.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dawn on holiday
<Content>Lovely room and cracking view       The bathroom  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Siboyblue
<Content>Amazing Service and Luxury       Lobby Area  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>atcboy
<Content>Service Service       View of Ocean Suite  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewY0rk
<Content>Great Hotel Second time spending one night layover at Oriental. Rooms are crisp, clean and modern. Service is exceptional and friendly. Club Room had great breakfast in a great room with good view of the city. Hope to spend more time at this hotel next visit to Singapore.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gorka
<Content>A good place It was a good experience. It was the first time in my life that I stayed in a luxurious pplace because I have not enough money to do in Europe or the USA but in Asia.Well ,the hotel, the staff, the room, the swimming pool, the breakfast was fantastic but I expected something else.Perhaps is just my problem because is my first time in this kind of hotel but it was not something to remember as I expected but, again, perhaps is my problem.As soon as we arrived they tried o give us another room , more expensive, which I did not like. They said that our room was not ready and some stories and I felt as if they wanted to get more money...Next time I will stay in the fullerton, better locationJust one advice: In the Arab quarter there was an arabian restaurant. I do not remember the name but it was in the corner ob Bagdag and Kandahar streets. Really, rellay, really nice.A good hotel anyway  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Diptesh
<Content>Great place - good veg breakfast This is a great place to stay - newly good sized refurbished rooms, large bathrooms, good toiletries, sensible things like alarm clock, large safe, iron  ironing board, free tea/coffee, separate luggage  cupboard area. In all, a good room for the price they charge. As a vegetarian (and being an Indian), was extremely pleased with the wide selection of Indian vegetarian food in the sensibly priced breakfast buffet. The choices are extremely wide. Liked the attention to service - be it the smiling doorman, to the conceirge to the attentive staff during check in /out. At present, a little distant from an MRT station, but understand a new line will soon be next to the hotel. The rooms have a good sized balcony - but Singapore weather is many times humid  one prefers the air conditioned comfort of the room.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DutchTravel_lovers
<Content>Luxury hotel! We have just stayed 3 nights at the Mandarin Oriental in Singapore and loved it. We arrived at 8 pm and got an upgrade for an executive club room on the 19th floor for which we decided to pay a little bit extra as the executive club gives several privileges like a late free check out until 8 pm, daily champagne breakfast on the 19th executive club lounge floor, free internet access for your laptop, daily free cocktails from 17.30 - 19.30 and free tea in the afternoons. The staff in the lounge is really friendly and can arrange your business calls as well. The ladies had nice Chinese dresses on and were all very knowledgeable.The interior design in the executive club lounge is very upgrade and well done!We did not have our breakfast in the normal breakfast restaurant, but it looked good too.We can recommend this hotel for Singapore.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holness
<Content>extremely dissapointed! Having stayed at some of the better hotels in the far east, we thought that we would be on a safe bet by booking the oriental club rooms, for our 3 day stay. The rooms themselves were ok, nothing particularly special. The club lounge room was furnished very nicely, but the service really needed addressing. When you got the attention of a member of staff, they were extremely polite, but, it was a lottery on whether you were going to get what you ordered and if you did how long it would take or haw many times you would need to re order, average time was 15-30 mins. I understand if food is being cooked that it might take a little time, but for a glass of martini, or for a pot of coffee this is unacceptable, After a couple of experiences of this it was starting to become extremely irritating and rather than the experience being a relaxing one, it was stressful!!!. In contrast to the club room lounge, the restaurant The World Melt has excellent service and the manager was extremely accomodating, efficient, friendly and professional. The food was very good and complimented by the service. We actually recommended to the hotel general manager that Christophe (melt manager) should give the club lounge room staff some training!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Bigblueboy
<Content>You must stay here. We arrived at this hotel after a thirteen hour flight to find we had been upgraded to a suite at no extra charge.This is what i call a first class hotel. Staff very friendly, helpful, efficient with attention to detail. The concierge staff are tripping over each other to help you, and always service with a smile, the warm welcome on arrival made the long flight worth it.Excellent facilities and all rooms very clean and in good decorative order.Room service quick, even at 4.30 in the morning.I could go on all day about how much i love this hotel, i only wish that i could visit Singapore more often and stay here, this must be one of the best hotels i have stayed in.You will not regret staying here.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mosquita
<Content>Very nice The Oriental is what you expect. Slick, well run, nice rooms, excellent service. Pool area is a bit bland and windy and the location isn't great, but thankfully taxis in Singapore are cheap and plentiful. If you are used to the Oriental group hotels you won't be disappointed. This lives up to it's reputation, without the wow factor. Spa is bland but therapists are fantastic!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Nubbie
<Content>Excellent Hotel All Round Stayed at The Oriental for 2 nights and loved it! The rooms are large and well appointed, comfortable bed and spacious bathroom. The food is incredible. The Melt Restaurant has a superb selection, very fresh - breakfast, lunch and dinner. I would also reccommend the signature 1.5hr massage - it was possibly the best I have had. I highly reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DewsburyEmily
<Content>Excellant Service at the Oriental       View from Pool  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>origamicrane
<Content>great hotel oneof the best in singapore this is a great hotel if you are planning to go see a concert at the esplanades this is the hotel to check into. It's just over the road from the concert hall. Location is pretty good as you are walking distance (5-10 mins)to MRT Raffles city and suntec city. And being next to the ECP Highway you are about 20 minutes from the airport.Rooms are large and clean and good quality. We especially liked the bed not too soft, not too hard just right.Hotel looks very average from teh outside but inside it is a very pretty hotel. Very safe and secure but we are in singapore. staff very friendly and helpful and all greet you as you walk passed them in the morning.Breakfast was reasonable although for a 5 star hotel would have expected a much larger spread of food although I had no complaints about the quality.They have morton restauarnt which although is expensive is an excellent place with perfectly cooked food and impeccable service. I will definitely be returning here on my next stay  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>JWEdinburgh
<Content>Luxury in Singapore Stayed for 3 nights in a deluxe Harbour view room - straight from check-in (which took seconds) you can feel the quality of this hotel. After a 14 hour flight our room was perfect - wonderful, comfy bed and a very well stocked bathroom. Nice touches, like free water and apples add to the experience and our view of the Singapore skyline was perfect. Asked for a high floor and only got the 6th (which is the first floor of rooms) - but only a minor niggle. Also had our check-out extended by a couple of hours free of charge. Staff are very friendly and can't do enough for you (the same as much of Singapore!). Pool area was beautiful as were all the public areas of the hotel. Also great soundproofing in the room, never heard another voice during our whole stay. Orchard Road only a 10 minute taxi ride away but lots of shopping malls on the door step. Can't wait to go back to this great hotel!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>firebucket
<Content>Sensational Singapore!! : ) We stayed at this wonderful hotel in early March '07 for 4 nights, after booking through asia best hotels for $210 SIN per night including full buffet breakfast. At this price it presented as excellent value for money - (included +++).About S$15 for a taxi from Changi Airport direct to the hotel (cheap), where check-in was very friendly and a complete breeze. However, when we went to the deluxe city view room on the 7th floor, we discovered the configuration was 2 x twin double beds. Not much good for our 1st year wedding anniversary! After checking our paperwork from the internet booking company, I found the mistake had been mine, erroniously ticking twin instead of double!! Oooops. (Had done the same for our next hotel in Phuket also! Double ooops)Back we went to the reception desk, cap in hand, to try and get a king bed room. Well, I think the poor girl may have thought the mistake was their's as we were upgraded to the Grand City View room which is about 49 sqm and USD $320 pn on their website. Beautiful.She personally escorted us up to the 9th floor to ensure we were happy with the room (which we were!) and left us to settle in. The room was massive with a seperate sitting/lounge area, huge balcony, seperate dressing area and massive dark marble bathroom. It had all the usual trappings of a 5 star hotel with Wireless high speed internet access, Cable television, work desk, Dual-line telephones with IDD and voicemail, Bathtub and a separate glass enclosed shower, Plush terry-towelling bathrobes and slippers,Tea and coffee making facilities, Hair dryer and mini bar  Daily selection of local and international newspapers. The only thing that could possibly be improved on would be the brightness of the lighting in the bathroom area (mirror), which I found a little dim. This hotel is really quite beautiful inside with a stunning internal atrium area and glass elevators. The decor is unmistakeably asian with dark hues and huge chandelliers. The pool area is what you would expect with a 25 metre lap pool and adequate gym area. Only missing a hot spa! The pool attendants quickly  happily set you up with a lounger, plush pool towels  free bottled water. (The hotel provided several free bottles of mineral water in your room also).Breakfast was the most comprehensive that I have ever seen - anywhere. On the first day we wondered in all of it was really included in the price we had payed. Definately try to get it included because it costs about S$45 per person if you pay on the day. They had there own little bakery cooking anything you wanted, eggs done anyway you liked, fresh squeezed juices in front of you etc etc etc... It really has too many food choices to list here, but you could never get bored with it and the service was just great and so quick. The location of the hotel is perfect. The Marina shopping centre it is attached to is one of the best we found in Singapore really. (MRT Station, great Restaurants, a bowling alley, cinemas and all the shops you could want.) The Merlion was an easy walk, river boat tours, fountain of wealth and Raffles Hotel. Watch those Singapore Slings though at S$44 for two at Raffles! But you gotta do it! We tried the MRT a couple of times but honestly the cabs are so very reasonable in price we just caught them in the end or walked. The night safari is a must-do and we enjoyed that immensely. We just caught a cab there and back from the Oriental which was under S$20. We really loved Singapore in general, the Oriental Hotel and would love to go back sometime soon.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WorldwideLive
<Content>First Class Hotel The staff at the Oriental set this hotel apart from all the others in Singapore. I have stayed at many hotels in Singapore but this is my favourite and I would recomend this above all else. I have stayed here on seven occasion since it reopened after its refit and found the service to be consistant every time.Highly recommended  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EssexGirlx
<Content>Lovely Hotel We booked this hotel as part of our Singapore stopover (organised by Singapore Air and would recommended this as a way of breaking up your journey) and thought it was lovely. We arrived about 9am and although we didn't expect to be able to check in this early they were very apologetic that the room wasn't ready and upgraded us, by way of apology, to a top floor harbour view room! Beautiful hotel, clean, perfect decor and the staff were really friendly. We didn't eat in the hotel but would recommend the bar with fabulous city views at night. Good location, about ten mins walk to Raffles, 15 mins to Boat Key and close to the Chinese quarter. Would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Singapore.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>David in Manchester
<Content>Loved this Hotel Well I had stayed in Singapore before at a great hotel - The Intercontinental - but I thought I should try somewhere diferent and I cerftainly was not disapointed. This hotel is great. I booked a room on the Club floor with a harbour view. (Next time I'd go for a City view. The rooms are a bit bigger, they're slightly cheaper and the harbour view isn't anything that special to look at. Just lots of rusty old ships queing up!).The room was great. A bathroom with a full lenght window into the bedroom which could be closed off with a wooden venetian blind. The only minor criticism is that if you like a bath then the bath's a bit small. The rooms are very nicely furnished and I could even plug my iPod into the room's music system. There's two pieces of free ironing/pressing a day included in the rate so if you're clothes are creased after travelling no problem.The Club room was great. A fantastic breakfast with Moet Chandon, complimentary tea, coffee and soft drinks served all day, afternoon tea and cocktails with nibbles served for two hours in the evening. The nibbles were fantastic. One day Chinese, one day Indian etc. If you don't eat very much you wouldn't need dinner!The staff were extremely helpful and attentive.No adverse comments about this hotel. I would certainly recommend it!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>duesseldorf67
<Content>Great service, Fabulous views       Front of Hotel at Night  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itinerant_ceo
<Content>Disappointingly mediocre After all the rave reviews, the Oriental was a real disappointment. The suite, quite an expensive one, was small and poorly designed. The bathroom was poor by Far Eastern standards: tiny bath, bad design, aging fittings. The room service and hotel restaurant food were disappointing. Even the service, while very good, was not as impressive as other hotels in Singapore. Don't get me wrong: it's a good hotel, but there are much better around. I travel to Singapore a lot and I would recommend all the other hotels I have visited over the Oriental, especially Raffles The Plaza and the Ritz-Carlton.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Hash Brown
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!!!               
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sagu
<Content>Pampered at the Oriental Everything about this hotel was just fantastic. The hotel staff were friendly and they gave us a complimentary room upgrade. The hotel is centrally located and is close to MRT and shopping malls like Paragon and Takshinaya (im sure i got the spelling wrong). The only thing which kinda put me off was the long waiting time at the coffee shop. Had to wait for nearly 5 minutes before we could place our orders. Oh and the bar was simply superb. Had the best cosmopolitan in Singapore! I would definitely stay at the Oriental again  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MonkeyMa
<Content>City Luxury       View from 21st Floor executive room  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tv1
<Content>Fantastic hotel This really is a nice hotel, with great views. The rooms are well appointed. Restaurants are good. Morton's steakhouse is a must, though a tad expensive.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KentGodfather
<Content>Wow We stayed here for 4 days on the way to Australia and I have to say I think it is the best hotel I have ever stayed in!!!!!!!!!!The service and comfort are second to none from the moment you get out of the Cab to the moment you leave nothing is too much trouble. The staff are amazing and there are so many of them you feel like a VIP.We had a Ocean view room with a huge bed and stunning views, room service was amazing and we also had a massage in the Spa which was brilliant. Breakfast was included and was a feast of every countries cuisine truely an experience and all this for 拢80 per night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Singapore is brilliant a real eye opener as to what a zero tolerance approch to anti social behaviour can do. No one drunk, no one swearing, no problem walking around late at night just polite and respectful people everywhere brilliant!!!Went to Raffles to do Afternoon tea well you have to dont you thought it was a bit over rated and in fact the Afternoon tea at the Oriental was better. Chinatown and Little India are great and worth a visit. Cabs are so cheap its probably the best way to get around but the MRT trains are also really convenient and cost pennies.Sentosa island is worth a visit will be back someday  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>adamico3
<Content>Best hotel       Great beds  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shelley66
<Content>Fantastic hotel and very good value after reading many reviews of Hotels in Singapore on this website I decided on the oriental it was great value for only $175 aus per night this included a massive buffet breakfast which had food from all different nationalitiesThe service in this hotel was fantastic, the staff were very freindly and the room was quite large. it even had a balcony The bathroom had both a bath and shower and mirrors on the wall everything had been renovated so very comfortable it had in house safe robes and a bar fridge. the staff cleaned the room each day replaced any towels and sheets and even turned down the bed each night. the bed was king size and very comfortable.it definalty made for a great expience in Singapore. the hotel was even right next to a shopping and movie complex so very convenient.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MegAdelaide
<Content>A Beautiful Hotel The Oriental Hotel was amazing. We stayed there for two nights to break up a 26 hour flight at the end of a four week trek around the UK. We couldn't have asked for a nicer place to stay. The rooms are beautiful and the facilites are excellent. The staff are friendly and the service was excellent. The outside pool is lovely as are the relaxation facilites. I would reccomend this hotel to my closest friends and family without hesitation. If I stop over in Singapore again on another trip then I will be sure to stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>menome
<Content>Very nice hotel This hotel seems small at first, the reception area is not all too big, you could call it cosy. Check in was prompt and we did get a free upgrade to a junior suite for no apparent reason. The service is excellent, they are quite patient at the front desk and you never have to wait long before someone attends to you. The bell boys are excellent as well, they did the small things that really add up and make it from a good to an excellent experience. You have people with specialise jobs, ie. the hail taxi man, the luggage boys, the laundry lady, so there was always people to attend to you very promptly for your every need. The rooms were very nice, I think the hotel must of recently got refurbished. Seperate shower and bathtub, large bathroom; room overall was a good size. Breakfast, room service or any type of food or service (especially food) was very expensive at this place. The supermarket is literally 2 minute walk from hotel in Marina square shopping centre so no need to use the hotel snacks. The Tiger beer in fridge was out of date, but that is the only flaw I could find in this hotel for my 5 nights stay. Overall, this was an excellent hotel and out of the 5 star hotels my travel agent showed me, this was in fact the cheapest option but turns out to be one of the best hotels I've stayed at.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SingaporeMario
<Content>Oriental is wonderful Superb hotel and staff! I cannot praise the Oriental hotel enough.I arrived here on 14th January for 2 nights but have ended up staying for at least another week as my son is unwell and unable to fly.Check in was very quick.All staff are extremely pleasant and efficient.A room was made available for us as soon as we knew we had to prolong our stay. We initially had 2 interconnecting harbour view rooms that were amazing with lots of nice touches and well equipped desks for working. Now my son and I are in a large pleasant room with living area and balcony and a nice view of the singapore skyline.Rooms are very clean and beds very comfortable.Room service is excellent, efficient and reasonably priced-just as well as we have been confined to the room for a few days!IT facilities are excellent and internet access good value.You are spoilt for choice at breakfast in the Melt cafe and service is perfect-no need to ask for coffee refills here!Haven't tried any other restaurant yet but good selection.Location is good and I would prefer to stay in this Marina area than Orchard road area.Shopping mall attached to hotel that connects to several other malls and city MRT station.Looking forward to travelling on and joining my husband and daughter but will be sad to leave the Oriental.Will definitely stay here when return to Singapore!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tany_Jo
<Content>Not so great Slightly disappointed! I travel a lot, both business/leisure and have stayed in other 5-star hotels Mandarin Oriental, Shangri-La, Ritz hotels and I did expect a similar experience.Stayed in a club room, the view was great (top floor, sea/city view), room was clean, great sound system, good bed. However, the bathtub was SMALL, the fruit that comes with the club room, were not so fresh apples and oranges. No fruit basket or anything else.The Club Lounge is great, wonderful service, nice deco, but breakfast choices a bit limited, but I overall I think the breakfast experience in the lounge was good.Some staff members were really nice and friendly, in the lounge, at the front door, by the elevators, but then some disappointments, especially the pool staff. In a five star hotel, especially in Asia, I expect to get top service everywhere.The SPA was good, but then again in Asia you do expect to get a bit more for your money. Nothing special.Pool are area was good, but something was missing there as well, it was not a five star hotel standard, it was moreless 4-star hotel pool.I liked the deco of the hotel, but on some rainy days, I felt that it's a bit dark and gloomy, maybe the wall-to-wall carpets or something should be changed to make it a bit brighter. Coming down from the 21st floor and looking out of the elevator I didn't feel it looks like a 5-star hotel. The (small) reception area is stylish though.All in all, a good experience, but I don't think I'll stay another time.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CD_in_geneva
<Content>A deluxe business hotel. Not a luxury one. A disappointement I cannot agree more with PeteLondon. This Oriental is just ok. An upscale business hotel but defenitly not a 5 stars Mandarin Oriental hotel. I spent 4 nights there in a harbour view Club room after staying at the Landmark MO in Hong Kong and i noticed the difference right when check in. Lots of problems in the room. The wardrobe doors would not close and never been repaired. Only one plug was working. The same 2 apples and 2 oranges in a plate during the whole stay were never changed. No personal touches or special attentions. The SPA is rather small, though they have very good traitments. No steam room or sauna. Rather basic, small and old fitness center. Very good club lounge with high quality drinks and food. Very helping club level staff. I didn't try the restaurants and bars of the hotel.The club level is an excellent value, with free breakfast, tea, soft drinks and evening champagne with canap茅s. But beware, the beautiful lounges is becoming crowdy and noisy when at the free alcohol time.I shall go back to the Oriental bearing in mind i won't have to ask for exceptional service and true luxury. I liked the connexion to the Marina Bay mall which is connecting to Raffles city and the subway. After expressing many times my disappointements regarding the room and the service i was offered a bottle of wine and a limo transfer to the airport. Fair enough!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>miya'smum
<Content>Wonderful stay We had a wonderful 3 night stay here with our 20 month old daughter. We stayed in one of their city suites which is fairly large and has separate living and bedroom areas. The suite was certainly very comfortable and every amenity was provided including an umbrella. The staff were just wonderful and our little girl was constantly lavished with lots of attention (including lots of sweeties!).  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nuleewed
<Content>Luxury and excellence!       Lounge  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AsianTraveler1
<Content>Disappointed Was expecting a great stay since it was in the highest category in the Singapore Airlines Stopover package. The other choices were the Ritz Carlton and Raffles and one other. The Oriental did not live up to that category. The room was only above average, it has aged, the room had problems (toilet flushing, TV sound problem, phone cord disconnected). The service of the front desk was superb though. They went out of their way to help us resolve problems. The staff was great, the property was less than desireable.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>PeteLondon
<Content>Pretty good, not best for value for money Nice hotel, but no room ready when arrived at 6PM and had to change original room half way through stay because room flooded due to heavy rain, staff very indifferent to this. Stayed in club room and was pleasent, ask for marina view as originally were put in one with 'city' view but certainly wasn't view of city sky line.Overall is a good hotel but having paid for 5 star club room I felt it was pretty average for the catagory and I have stayed in better hotels for a lower cost. The 'fruit' in room consisted of two apples and an orange each day, hardly an exotic array! Complimentary alcohol is served in club lounge between 5:30 - 7:30PM each day which leads to a stampede at these times which can be a bit tedious, we opted to go out and explore singapore after making use of this for a few days.Nice swimmig pool but no jaccuzzi next to it and gym was basic. If this sounds negative, it isn't meant to be, it is a very pleasent hotel but I felt I paid more than it was worth, if you get a good deal go for it.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	5	3	4	2	

<Author>Pete82
<Content>Loved it! This is a great hotel!! We stayed in a harbour view suite which was lovely with huge bathroom and lounge area. It has a good location near the marina and walking distance from Orchard Road - 15mins.Breakfast in the Melt was good and great spa. Staff always friendly and helpful.I would recommend staying here  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CindyAshevilleNC
<Content>A great splurge We stayed two nights in this great hotel. While it is expensive, it was a wonderful special occasion experience. The architecture, the d茅cor, the service, the breakfast buffet鈥攁wesome.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shermanator
<Content>True Royal Treatment Wow sums up this hotel nicely. We booked one of the Club Experience rooms, which included access to the Oriental Lounge on the 19th floor and lots of other extras. Free airport pick up in a Mercedes set the tone for the next two nights stay perfectly. From the minute we stepped out of the car at the hotel, we were treated like true VIPs. We were whisked up for a quick tour of the club loubge, then taken directly to our room to check in with Alice, one of the impeccable front desk staff. The room was gorgeously decorated, the bed super comfortable, and the entertainment system very good. A sumptuous breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails with nibbles were served in the lounge, which boast a very nice view- and all complimentary. Be warned, however, that the hotel enforces a smart casual dress code in most of its public places. This meant that no flip flops or shorts, for example, were allowed in the lounge or even in Morton's bar for a quick drink. This was a bit of a nuiscance, being that the outside temperature was about 30c, so we had to change a couple of times. The pool does not have very many sun loungers, so get there early.We would highly recommend this hotel- the staff bend over backwards to be helpful, and are always very friendly and curteous.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NotInTheOC
<Content>Solid 5 star experience We arrived very early at 8AM and the front desk got us in a harbour view room by 9AM with no fuss or issues. Pool was nice and quiet and we loved the free juice and water. Melt Cafe was perfect, service good and the breakfast buffet excellent value for money.View from the room was amazing, bathroom was perfect and we especially liked how our Ipod could be plugged into the room stereo system.Overall a solid 5 star experience!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ApplesInMyBra
<Content>Service needs a makeover at this over-hyped hotel       Room  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	1	3	5	

<Author>Invisible_Shadow
<Content>Simply superb!       View from Premier Harbour room at night.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Swedish_Traveller
<Content>Excellent hotel       View from the room  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelloverHouten
<Content>value for money (steven boersma the netherlands) It's a fantastic hotel,it's a business hotel with also very good leisure facilities. restaurants are great. Try Mortons Steakhouse, probably best steakhouse in Singapore. We had an executive suite which was great and very spacy. Seperate living area and a seperate bedroom. Breakfast is average to 5star standards in Asia. Conviently located next door to shopping mall Marina square which flows over into Suntec City.Hotel is very close to Orchard Rd. I can recommend this hotel to everyone who comes to Singapore.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>amandakr
<Content>Fabulous Hotel in Singapore Mandarin Oriental Service from start to finish. Booked the club floor - great room, great amenities. Loved the club - great place for a cocktail. Had a lovely dinner in the Japanese restaurant and also at Morton's. Spa experience was wonderful as well. Absolutely no complaints.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>toppsmark
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Just returned from Singapore and 2 nights at the Oriental. This is a wonderful hotel. The room was beautiful, large, and luxurious. The view was incredible (harbour view, club room). I ate at the Chinese restaurant twice and loved it both times. The staff was friendly, polite and professional. The club has a very nice breakfast and excellent cocktail food.I would recommend this hotel to any one and would stay here again if I am lucky enough to get back to Singapore.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>popeye3
<Content>Wonderful Experience My wife and I stopped here for five nights (end of November/early December) and the experience was wonderful. We took the Club Room option which was well worth the money. We were checked in in the room and were greeted with fresh flowers, fruit and a bottle of wine - fantastic. We have never stayed at a hotel with so many curteous staff available to do your bidding, nothing was too much troubleWe tried the Club Room for breakfast on the first morning and it was very nice but the choice was limited. We then switched to the Melt Cafe (at no extra cost) which was little less than astounding, such an amazing choice of food and all well cooked and presented. Again the staff were efficient and attentive. We only managed Afternoon Tea in the Club Room once and it was very nice but limited to small cakes and tea/soft drinks etc. Unfortunately we never made it for coctails and canapes in the evening.We would advise paying the extra for the Club perks which in our case was good because it meant we didn't have to check out until 8pm which was useful since our flight was at midnight.This may or not be of interest but when we arrived at Changi Airport from the UK we looked at using the Shuttle Taxi to the hotel. The normal price is S$7 per person but we were told that we would have to wait up to an hour for a shuttle. They then tried to persuade us to take a shuttle for just the two of us at a cost of S$35 which they could provide immediately - what a con! We eventually got a taxi which cost S$15. The moral of the story is don't even think about getting the Shuttle just get a taxi - it's cheaper and quicker.In summary, if we go to Singapore again we will most definitely stay at the Oriental and wil be advising family and friends to do so as well.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Roberto_NW_Italy
<Content>No question, it's a great hotel Had to stay there last night -at the airline's expense- 'cause my flight had been canceled. It was a genuine consolation!Stunning, well appointed and spacious room (although my views were not in the best direction), with hi fi TV system, huge window and own discreet terrace. Large marble bathroom, with quality towels, bath robe, slippers etc (those details are how I discern what is for me a great vs a just good hotel). Al;though there are a number of different restaurants, I ended up having both breakfast and lunch at The Cafe on the 4th floor. I had the best Nasi Goreng ever! Splendid presentation, ingredients and taste! That would be my lunch suggestion. Although I suspect many guests will also be amazed by the Asian/contemporary decor.Not unpredictably for such standard hotel, all the (many) staff I encountered were most kind and attentive, many really making efforts to go the extra mile to satisfy the customer.Good 25m swimming pool (with good service, big towels, complimentary water, refreshing sun spray, sun creams if you don't have yours etc), close to a small but well equipped fitness room (all Technogym machines).Caters wonderfully for anybody, just make sure you're OK with the location (not quite central to the main shopping areas, although e.g. Suntec City mall is at easy walking distance). It's the best of the four hotels I've tried so far in Singapore (others being, in my ranking order, Meritus Mandarin, Marriott, and Hilton).  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shine13
<Content>Wonderful Stay Stayed over thanksgiving for 3 nights in the club harbor room. It's a great deal! The club room is worth the extra price. YOu get a wonderful breakfast and apps/cocktails at night and drinks all day long. Altho if you have a laptop you should bring it .. free to use there, but if you use the business room its 50 cents a min!!! My only complaint. was really the business room. Besides the internet fee it wreaks of smoke. The staff is so helpful with everything and anything you need. Really Great Service. NYC, USA  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chalky9
<Content>Almost perfect, but... My wife and I stayed at the Oriental for one night following a cruise on the Star Flyer. Our room overlooked the pool and the harbour, with an extensive view slightly spoiled by construction work on the opposite side of the road.The room was a good size, very comfortable and offered everything you could want, including space to lay both our suitcases open. The marble bathroom had a large separate shower and was beautifully appointed, but the sliding door was very difficult to close. Soundproofing in the room was not as good as might have been expected, either from internal plumbing noises or external traffic and construction.The staff were excellent. We ate dinner in The Melt World Cafe which offered an extremely extensive self service buffet encompassing dishes from India, China, Thailand, Japan and the West, or a la carte. (This is also where the extensive breakfast buffet is laid out.) The food was good but the wine prices were frightening - the cheapest bottle on the list was 60 Singapore dollars, with most nearer 90! We had planned to eat in Mortons Steakhouse, but found on arrival that the dress code is semi-formal, which we weren't! In any case, a small steak was $S 73, which was more than the entire meal in The Melt.The location is fine if you want to be near Suntec, but not really in the centre of things. Overall we preferred the Marriott.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Coinean
<Content>Heaven on earth Stayed in this hotel for three night in Club suite.This is the best hotel we have ever stayed in anywhere in the world.The staff are extremely friendly  helpful at all times.Check-in was not at the desk,but in the comfort of our room.Food excellent beautifully presented and as much as you could eat.Suite very comfortable tastefully decorated and very spacious.Sorry we had not decided to stay longer in Singapore,because this hotel makes the holiday.Will only ever stay in Mandarin Oriental Singapore any time we are on the island!!Highly recommended with absolutely no room for complaint.Charles  Yvonne McQuiggIreland  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Diro
<Content>Amazing service My husband and I stayed at this hotel for the first three nights of our two week holiday and were pleasantly suprised by the Oriental. Nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff we encountered. We decided not to book inclusive of breakfast and when we asked for a recommendation at reception of where to go, they actually escorted us to the mall next door. We booked the standard room which overlooked the pool and it was comfortable and roomy by European standards. Overall we enjoyed our stay at The Oriental and will definately stay there again the next time we go to Singapore.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Pegau
<Content>Great Place! My wife and I just returned from a few days stay at the Oriental. We had tried to book at The Raffles Plaza or the Stamford but given occupancy rates, could only get the Oriental. Compared to the other two mentioned hotels, it is hands down far superior. The Raffles Plaza and the Stamford lobbies were very corwded and had a number of conference attendees. The Oriental was much calmer.We stayed in a Club floor Harbor view room which was very nice and the last night in a City Suite Club floor. For the extra $65 or so, the City Suite is a great value! The room is about 780 sq. ft. and the livign room space is ideal. The Club itself has a great cocktail hour.We found that the best place to book the hotel was through their web site or calling them on the phone. The rates were far cheaper than places like Asiarooms or Asia Travel.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hicate
<Content>Great Hotel, Location, service, Spa, Club facilities all superb More used to the elegance of the Oriental in Bangkok I was at first a little taken back by the almost space age interior design of the hotel. There is a huge inner space with a 6 glass lift tower at its center . Restaurants, Bars and rooms are arranged around it, looking over the space.We had a club room on the 19th floor, for an extra 拢30 a day per room you get a superb breakfast (part buffet, part a la carte) all day soft drinks, tea and coffee and snacks, afternoon tea, and 2 hours of cocktails, champagne (or any alcoholic drink you wanted) and savory / canape snacks from 5.30 to 7. 30.The hotel is opposite the new theatre complex overlooking the marina. It is close enough to walk to The Fullerton Hotel and Boat Quays behind it.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>badger36
<Content>One of the best hotels i have stayed in       very comfortable pillows and bed  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>S&GSmith
<Content>Loved this hotel!               More photos  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>R8SKM
<Content>5 Star Service For Families Too Spent 10 nights here in October in a City view suite. The hotel made our family very welcome and both children (3  9) were left a small gift in the room on arrival.Our suite was immaculate and huge at 75 sq meters. A harbour view would have been even better - maybe next time!Paying extra for the club facilities is worthwhile and the hotel organised a baby sitter for us (at a very reasonable S$20/hour) so we could take advantage of the cocktails and canapes in the early evening.Complaints? Well, maybe I'm being a little picky but breakfast at The Melt restaurant - whilst excellent - could feel a little rushed given the number of people. On two occasions, I was presented with the bill to sign just as I sat down to eat - not what you need first thing!We had room service a couple of times and the food and service were excellent. You can walk to Marina Square in 3 minutes where there is a supermarket for those essentials (cheap wine!). In addition to a huge range of shops there too, check out the food court on the top floor. We sat outside with superb curries for us, pizza and ice cream for the children, two tiger beers and a superb view of Boat Quay and the city skyline.Singapore is a viable destination for young families. We did Sentosa, East Coast Park, the Night Safari and Chinatown. Both children really enjoyed the holiday and the staff at the pool where excellent too.Would we return? Absolutely, especially if we are upgraded to a harbour view suite next time!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>blackpushkin
<Content>Good Hotel Above standard 5* hotel. The staff are friendly and helpful and eventhough they were very very busy they managed to check us in early!! The rooms are standard, but the bathrooms are exceptionally big and nice. The best part of the hotel is the easy reach of all the places in Singapore and their Bar with good cocktails and amazing view of the skyline of Singapore.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TREASURER
<Content>absolutely brilliant Stayed at the Oriental on a 4 day stopover on the way back from Australia to UK. Could not believe the service at this hotel !! My wife and I have travelled all round the world and can honestly say It is the best hotel we have stayed in for service. The standard set by all of the staff was exceptional and greatly contributed to our enjoyment of our trip to Singapore. The concierge,Edmund, was absolutely brilliant and provided first class information and recommendations - nothing was too much trouble.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelTrickPro
<Content>Best Hotel Service In Singapore We traveled to Singapore on September 21, 2006 and stayed in Singapore for 14 nights. After reading all of the reviews, I had a very hard time choosing a hotel. When I approached my husband, he came up with the idea of staying at a couple of hotels, each for three or four nights. We ended up staying at The Oriental, The Ritz Carlton, The Shangri-la, and The Sentosa Resort and Spa. The Oriental was by far the unanimous favorite. Our stay at the Oriental was phenomenal. The accommodations were exquisite, but more importantly the service was unmatched by any other hotel in Singapore. We stayed in a city suite with club access. We booked the Suite Success package, which included a luxury airport transfer. We were actually arriving by ferry, and the hotel was very nice and willing to pick us up at the ferry terminal. When we exited the ferry terminal (along with 150 other passengers) we greeted by name by the driver (don't ask me how he knew who we were, we are still puzzled over that one) and transferred by Mercedes to the hotel. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were greeted at the steps of the hotel (once again by name) by a very kind lady. She immediately showed us right up to our room where she checked us in. She also provided to us a letter that detailed all of our included amenities during our stay. (This was a very nice touch, since often times you miss out on things that were actually included, because you didn't ask.) Staying in the City Suite was a little more expensive, but well worth the extra money. The extra benefits we received practically paid for themselves. Access to the club lounge, complimentary laundry pressing service, late checkout in the club lounge, fresh fruit, complimentary internet access, and a gigantic room made us feel like we were royalty. There was even an extra 1/2 bath that was convenient when you have a spouse that hogs the bathroom. Every single employee of the hotel went out of their way to accommodate all of our needs. After a long day at the Singapore Zoo we arrived about 10 minutes late for hors d鈥檕euvres in the club lounge. We decided to go up to the lounge anyway to get a drink. Upon arrival to the lounge, we were seated and told that they had just put away the food, but she would fill us up a plate in the kitchen (with a little of everything) and bring it to us. She went out of her way, and it made all the difference.When it was time to checkout and move on to the next hotel, we didn鈥檛 want to leave. For the next 8 days, while staying at the Ritz Carlton and Shangri-la, everything was just okay. Yes, these other hotels are very nice, but compared to the service we received at the Oriental, they were disappointing. My advice to you is, stay at the Oriental. If you are determined to compare the other hotels, just make sure to make the Oriental the last hotel you stay in, because everything else dulls in comparison to the service you receive at the Oriental. Don鈥檛 do what we did, and spend the rest of your trip saying, 鈥淲ell, at the Oriental 鈥︹€︹€?When we return to Singapore, we will definitely return and stay the entire trip at The Oriental.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sydney-AP
<Content>Ok Business Hotel but not great Having read all the reviews on Tripadvisor I tried the Oriental in both Club and standard rooms. Its a really pleasant business hotel, the club facilities are excellent with the most delightful staff and fit out. The breakfast is superb. The rooms are fine even if its a little obvious that they are older style hotel rooms that have been renovated tastefully eg old joinery with new soft furnishings. The pool area is nice but again its obviously an old hotel that has been renovated. The service is delightful, genuine and warm but its an old hotel dressed up to be something it no longer is - that doesn't make it an adequate member of the Oriental group. Don't let me make it out to be terrible which it isn't - what it isn't is a cohesive first class experience.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>graceC
<Content>Would stay there again in a heart beat We stayed at The Oriental during our recent trip to Singapore in Sept/Oct 2006. We first stayed there for 3 nights, then flew to Jakarta for a few days, and came back to The Oriental Singapore for 8 more nights. We booked everything through AMEX that gave us a good deal.Before arrival, we have exchanged emails with the hotel to confirm and reconfirm our booking. Our reserved room was for Deluxe Oceanview room. We also inquired about their airport transfer services and was told it would cost Sing$60 one way with a Mercedez Benz 200 series. We decided to take a cab instead since they're plenty available in Singapore and cheaper too. We arrived with bleary eyes @ 1am at the hotel after a 20-hour flight from Chicago. At first glance, the lobby was quite modern looking with marble surface all around and some water fountains that created that soothing feeling as we entered. I think they just renovated the hotel recently because everything still looked new. The check-in staff was courteous, friendly, and very helpful. To our delightful surprise, they told us that our room has been upgraded to a Club Level Harbour View room. However, my husband wanted to try out their suite since we knew both of us would be suffering from jetlag for the next few days so it would help to have a separate living room so that when one of us couldn't sleep, one could watch TV in another room without bothering the other. We got our suite on the 18th floor with Sing$190 extra per night which included all the Club Floor amenities (upgraded champagne breakfast for 2, fresh flowers and fruits daily, free internet access at the lounge, late afternoon cocktail with snacks, and guaranteed late checkout until 8pm). The suite was spacious and whistle clean with marble surface all around and modern contemporary design, a living room with step-out balcony and a decent size restroom with double sinks as well as study desk with leather desk amenities + high-speed internet access hookup, the bedroom has an armoire with TV, DVD player, video player, and one touch control from the night stand and big window for the water view, it also has big bathroom (all marble) with separate bathtub / shower / commode / double vanity area. The next day, we went to check their Champagne breakfast at the executive lounge and didn't like the selections (it mostly offers western types of breakfast) so we went down to 'The Melt Cafe' that has better choices with local taste. We asked that our breakfast be switched to 'The Melt' instead of the Champagne Breakfast (I dislike alcohol so I can't imagine drinking Champagne first thing in the morning with your breakfast!), and our request was granted without problem. The Melt buffet breakfast offers several dining stands: fresh fruit stand with a guy ready to help cut up your tropical fresh fruit selections or juice them for you, dessert stand, bakery stand, eggs/noodles stand with chinese dim-sum and sliced meat, american breakfast stand that has the usual bacon / omelet / scrambled eggs stuff, Indian cuisine stand, Malay cuisine stand that has Malay's Nasi Lemak and Chinese style porridges, and continental breakfast stand. Each stand offers roughly 10-15 choices of food so you'll definitely find one that you like. It has friendly and great customer service, fast, clean, and everything was run efficiently.During our stay for the second time, out jetlag was over so we decided to stick with our original reservation (Deluxe Oceanview Room) and again we got upgraded to the Club Level Harborview room on the 16th floor. We still received our fresh flowers and fresh fruits daily although we no longer received the club level amenities. That's fine since we were out most of the time anyway.The room was almost identical in layout minus the separate living room and the second restroom. All the amenities were the same as the ones we got at the suite (terry bathrobes, slippers, nice size shampoos / conditioners / bathgels, toothbrushes, sewing kit, cotton balls and sticks, soaps, etc). Everytime we went down to the lobby, there were always a few staff available to either help with the elevators or any other help you needed (even when the check-in desk was crowded there were always staff available to help you immediately). The room-service was always fast with the food delivered still hot and delicious. The staff was knowledgeable about their country and its places of interest. The hotel is situated next to Marina Square, a dept store with great food court on the 3rd floor. You can also go across the street to the Esplanade and do a bit of walking along the panoramic Singapore river bank. When we checked out this time, our flight back home wouldn't leave until 10.00pm so we requested a late checkout @ 7.30pm and it was granted free of charge without problem.All in all a 5-star experience all the way.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Clancie
<Content>Brilliant service at The Oriental I stayed at The Oriental with my husband and 5 y.o. son in OCT 06. We had a fantastic (although short) stay, enjoying the best hotel service we have ever experienced. The staff are nothing short of amazing - this is an extremely well run hotel. The rooms are very large; ample space for a king size bed and a rollaway bed. (We were charged no extra for the rollaway). The buffet breakfast at the hotel is incredible - try to get this included in your room rate, otherwise it is very expensive. The hotel is positioned over the top of the Marina Square shopping centre - providing easy access to air conditioned shopping, as well as a range of restaurants. I would highly recommend The Oriental Hotel in Singapore - I could not fault this property in any way.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelandeat
<Content>Oriental - 5 star but not right for me This may sound harsh but...Rooms are very small. Hotel is totally renovated but lacks natural light and warmth. The Line buffet breakfast has a huge array of food but the service is very poor, particularly for a hotel of this standard. Even a coffee is difficult to get. It reminded me of a cafeteria. Found the hotel impersonal. Pool area ok. Location very good. Bell hops and door staff etc were excellent.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Conferencer
<Content>Highly recommended My wife and I stayed in a triple room with our teenage daughter: we were very impressed.Staff were unfailingly polite and helpful, including allowing us early access to our room after arriving directly from a 12-hour flight from Europe. The room was stylish and very quiet, reasonably spacious and the beds were very comfortable. The bathroom (marble, separate shower and bath) was stocked with quality accessories. The hotel is adjacent to a large shopping mall which itself adjoins the large Suntec mall (great dining and shopping) via walkways: note that Singapore mall shops don't open until 11 AM.We absolutely enjoyed the hotel's evening international buffet: well worth the expense for high-quality selection of all the ethnic tastes of Singapore.The only hitch was our fault for not reading the hotel guide in sufficient detail: we thought that breakfast closed at 11 AM but in fact the buffet closed at 1030h. Options after that were limited.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Glen&Isobel
<Content>Excellent Oriental Reception area is a little dark but the greeting was friendly and check-in very efficient. The room was fine though could do with more drawer space if you are staying for more than a few days. Being able to plug in the mp3 player into the sound system was very useful. There was plenty of free water available which was replaced throughout the day if used. Very good choice at breakfast and quality was excellent. Fresh juices made to order if there wasn't what you wanted available. Overall the service and staff were excellent.It was possible to walk through the malls to the City Mall MRT station. There was a large choice of restaurants in the nearby malls. The hawkers situated just across the road from the hotels main entrance had a good choice and were excellent value.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wendybatch
<Content>fantastic hotel As others have said, this really is an amazing hotel. From the moment we arrived we were subjected to perfect, old fashioned service in a fantastic hotel.We upgraded to the club rooms which turned out to be a good choice. We didnt need it, but it includes a late check out till 8pm! This represents great value for money. The room includes all the usual drinks and food daily , including a really good champagne between 5 and 7pm, and wireless internet access on your laptop. Nothing is too much trouble for the staff.We went to visit Raffles hotel for afternoon tea but couldnt get in and it didnt look that great anyway. Was most disappointed in the hotel which is an institution in Singapore. We came back and had afternoon tea in the Oriental which was great value at 8 UK pounds and included a chocolate fountain with fruit and marshmallows my husband had great fun with!!Breakfast at Melt, as everyone else has already said is quite simply the best. The fruit station was my favourite with every fruit you could think of and some, which they would juice just for you. Fantastic!Taxis are cheap and plentiful and you can walk along the riverfront into town quite easily, we did it at night and it was really lovely. All in all an amazing hotel which I cannot really fault. Stay here!!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Random_person
<Content>Fabulous Just wonderfulSwift check in, even though it was 3am. Was upgraded to a suite on arrival, which was beautifully appointed and (like the rest of the hotel) newly renovated.Staff are plentiful (I'd guess they outnumber the guests by at least 2:1) and serve you in the genuinely pleasant, deferent, instinctive and never-overbearing way which is the hallmark of a top notch hotel.Only complaint (and I'm clutching at straws here) was the price of a beer in the bar, but that's to be expected: wouldn't want a load of drunk backpackers spoiling the atmosphere would we?  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>darlingisland2009
<Content>One of the world's great hotels Simply love it! Great hotel, even better service, nothing is too much trouble!Love the new rooms with the wall socket for your iPod - to connect to the room's entertainment system.People everywhere to greet you when you arrive at the lobby, and when you return to the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Maillot-Jaune
<Content>Very impressed! Stayed at the Oriental twice in August at either end of a trip to Thailand. We booked the hotel following the consistenty positive reviews read on Tripadvisor and we would have to say that we were very impressed. We booked a city view room, but on the first stay were upgraded to a Harbour View room and on the second stay an Ocean View room.There is some construction work going on next door but we did not notice any major noise or disruptions.We didn't eat at the hotel restaurants to be honest so can't comment on those. The adjoining shopping centre is really good, with quite a few eating options, and there is also an outdoor hawker market across from the hotel on the Esplanade. The breakfast though is simply awesome, (we had it included in our room rate - very much recommended) we have been lucky enough to have done a fair bit of travelling in the last 10 years or so and we have stayed in other 5 star hotels in a number of countries, including a previous stay in Singapore and the breakfast at the Oriental is by far the best experienced. The choice of food, from Indian (may sound strange but boy it was good) to freshly made pancakes (my wifes favourite) is fantastic.The service was also faultless, and genuine too from our experience. For example on one occasion I went to reception to arrange a late checkout and taxi to the airport. The reception area was really busy and I realised that it was 11am when quite a few people were checking out, so I thought I'd leave it till later. On the way back to the lifts, a member of staff approached me who had noticed that I had wanted something but had left. She rode up in the lift with me, made a note of what I required and called our room 30 mins later to confirm late checkout, taxi booking and alarm call. I was very impressed by that.The gym is also pretty good and the pool is nice although I must say the pool area is fairly bland and could maybe do with more gardening perhaps. There is a good view from the pool area though.The hotel seemed very interested in customer comments and feedback and I would assume based on our experience that they are acting on this response.In summary we would not hesitate to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>BenW
<Content>Live like a Mandarin       Atrium  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>merry_party
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Oriental! We stayed at the Oriental 2 nights in July and 3 nights in August. Both stays were enjoyed by all. July was with our two children, and we paid for a City View rooms. We asked for connecting rooms and got that plus an upgrade to Water Views room for both. The decor was subdued Oriental: ivory, black, beige, brown. The beds were perfect, as were the pillows, not too soft and not too firm. The sound system in the room was excellent (there was a subwoofer). The toilet and bath were marble, and there was a shower with an all glass door. A clear effort was made to make toilet plumbing as unnoticeable as possible, ie, the water closet was hidden behind a marble wall with a heavy marble lid (I know coz I tried to lift it).Our August trip was also for a City View room but we got upgraded to a Water View room (again!) as it was our second time. And we were lucky enough to catch the fireworks shows for the National Day in the comfort of our bedroom - what good timing!Both stays we opted for the buffet breakfast, and it was a fantastic way to start your day. The variety and quantity of food, as well as the service were excellent. I did notice though that the female wait staff were more prompt, and courteous than the male wait staff. The breakfast choices were: fruit juices and I was able to request for watermelon juice which they prepared for me; eggs any way you want it; pancakes and waffles with various toppings; Indian curries and breads; Chinese congee and dimsum; bacon, sausages, hash browns; croissants and pastries; yoghurt; cereal; plus many types of cut fruit. We also had room service for mains, and they added complimentary entrees, not a huge serving but a nice touch as it was individually presented as you would in fine dining.The outdoor pool was a great way to relax, the prices for alcoholic drinks were a bit steep though. About S$18 net.The Oriental is beside a shopping mall, and about S$5 to Orchard road by cab. So, if shopping is your main purpose for visiting Singapore, then the Oriental is convenient. We did our shopping in July for the sales. In August we decided to go for more sightseeing than shopping, and the Oriental's proximity to Suntec was a bonus. There were tour buses that started and ended at Suntec and it was easy for us to board whenever we wanted to. If we needed to go back to the hotel, we were in and out of Suntec in 30 minutes, which is when the buses come and go.The staff were very helpful, and courteous. Always with a greeting and a smile. We plan to stay with the Oriental whenever we go to Singapore and will not think twice about recommending it. What a wonderful hotel!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jimcarson
<Content>Disappointed We booked the hotel for a work retreat partly on the basis of the reviews here and I must say that we were somewhat disappointed. There were around 10 of us and I must say the service of the hotel was just not up to stratch.1. We arrived at the hotel around 6.30 pm and attempted to check in. This took 30 mins because some of our rooms were still not available. Given check out time is around midday, I find it somewhat strange that the rooms are still not available at that hour. 2. We had upgraded one of the rooms to the executive floor because they wanted to charge SG500 for the use of the room for a couple of hours. This charge seemed rather high given we had a group of 10 persons staying at their hotel - could they not offer us a discount? Anyway, by getting an upgrade we could use the executive floor facilities, which included free use of the room for 2 hours. But when we tried to check in, we were informed that there was no reckon of our upgrade, despite the fact that we had phoned up twice in advance to confirm.3. We got to the executive floor room, which really was just ordinary. It was a nice well decorated modern hotel room, but quite small for a 5 star hotel room. In fact, this room turned out to be smaller than another colleague's room, which was on the ordinary floor. Go figure. 4. On the whole, we did not find the staff to be very friendly. During check in, while the whole group was left waiting at the lobby, they could not even muster a smile or look apologetic about keeping us waiting. 5. The hotel is far from the city center. There is lots of shopping Suntec, but coming back from the city center does involve a cab ride, which during peak hour can be quite difficult to find (I've been told Singapore cabbies are prone to hiding waiting for people to call for bookings).On the other hand, the pool was lovely, as were the staff there. The Melt also has an awesome buffet. Given the number of other lovely, centrally located hotels, I do not think I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	2	5	1	2	3	

<Author>WestCanTraveler
<Content>Room with breakfast The highlight of the Oriental is its breakfast buffet--be sure to book a room that includes this breakfast in the price! (our special rate from the Mandarin Oriental hotel website included breakfast and late checkout)The rooms we had were in need of some modernisation, although the bathrooms seemed to have been upgraded more recently than the main area. Marble everywhere and a great power rain shower--and above average toiletries. The beds were not of the standard the Marriott and Westin now have made commonplace, although the linens were definitely luxe. TV had a wide range of channels. Service to the rooms was exceptional: fresh fruit left every day and at evening turndown, new towels and free bottled water. The breakfast buffet is huge and the quality like nothing else I've encountered (and I travel a lot). Wait staff have many, many tables to take care of, but do it all with ease and friendliness. I was much more impressed by them than by the reception staff who were very formal and frankly rather slow....Location is very good--a big mall adjoining, the Esplanade theatres and waterfront across the street, and less than 10 minutes walk to a wide range of restaurants including the lovely CHIJMES complex. Taxis were readily available outside the hotel and it's very cheap indeed to go anywhere in the city. I would definitely stay here again and for my children it was a memorable experience of a top-end hotel. This is a business hotel that makes families welcome too and it would likely suit all types of visitor.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Brent67
<Content>Mixed feelings       Construction zone from pool area  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Milkee
<Content>Great service - above average room We stayed at the Oriental in early July 06 for 4 nights as part of a 21 night Singapore - Thailand holiday. We arrived at the hotel at 11.00pm after a enjoyable flight from Australia. We were greeted by pretty much everyone in the foyer at the time of arrival. The lobby looks great at night. The service is brilliant.We were promptly escorted to our rooms and our bags arrived minutes later. We had asked about the Melt breakfast as our rate did not include it. We were told that it would be AUD $55 for both of us to have breakfast each day. We politely declined. If you can organise with your agent for a cheaper rate get it, otherwise, we found that there are plenty of places in Singapore that serve Kaya Toast (so good we brought two jars home with us) and coffee for two people for less than AUD $8. You just have to walk a little (less than 1 km). I reckon there was about 7 within the malls directly near the hotel. The best was at the Raffles Hotel cafe about just over 1 km walk (the one recommended in the lonely planet guide) through the numerous air-conditioned malls near the hotel.The rooms .... we stayed in a city view room. The view wasn't really of the city but of the back of Suntec Mall and another hotel. A little disapointing but i wasn't in the room to look at the view, you can do that on your adventures around the city. The bathroom is brilliant. The products in the room smell fantastic. The bath is massive and the shower was a rain shower and entirely marble. The rest of the room was a little dated for a 5 star hotel. I expected much better from the reviews on this website. The room was spotless, had a large floorspace and a good choice of TV channels (it had ABC Asia which showed an AFL game late one night!!!). It was nonetheless pleasant without being modern or over the top. The minibar prices were ridiculous but you expect that. The best part of the room is definitely the bathroom.Speaking of ridiculous, the prices of food within the hotel are outrageous compared to Australian prices and prices for other Asian hotel i have stayed in. For instance a steak will cost AUD $75+, 2 noodle/rice dishes and a chocolate desert cost us well over AUD$65 (room service), and alcoholic drinks of any description start around AUD$8-9. Needless to say, we only ate at the hotel for that one room service. Otherwise, go to Boat/Clarke quay, get a chilli crab (Brilliant!!!!!), pineapple rice, spring rolls and a few tiger beers/cocktails (with a perfect view) for around AUD$60-70 for 2. If you're fit you can walk it, if you can't be bothered a taxi will only cost about AUD$5-7. Lunch around the city is also very good and cheap. The pool is good. It has a beautiful view of the harbour but has the ambience of an empty olympic sized swimming pool. If you want it for the sole purpose of swimming after a long day at the shops or zoo it is perfect, but compared to other pools in Asia, it it would be very average but for the view. On the whole, it is a great hotel but food and drink is pricey by Australian and local Singapore standards. I probably wouldn't stay there again but only beacuse i would want to compare another hotel to this one. Having said that, i would definitely recommend it to anyone thinking of staying there. From reading the comments on this website, i would probably recommend you get the club room. From memory, it wasn't that much more per night and the breakfast/drinks/ canapes you consume would offset the initial payment.Btw, Singapore on the whole is brilliant (4 days and you can see it all). The zoo is a must, chilli crab is soooo good, shopping in the malls, whilst extensive, is as expensive as Australia so you will find that you only buy what you really want. Jewellery at the chinatown markets was cheap. Get on the MRT Trains, they are very clean and super quick and cheap. The lonely planet city guide was great for sightseeing, maps and tips.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blessu2
<Content>The Oriental - True meaning of hospitality My family of 4 just got back from Singapore, where we stayed 2 nights at The Oriental. Having read reviews from other tripadvisor members, I am very happy to report, that the hotel is up to all the expectations. We stayed at their standard room, with 2 single bed and extrabed (for free), the room is spacious. It has separate shower  bath. From the time we arrived to depart, all their staffs are very courteous, even to my 2 young childrens. It was always:  Good morning/afternoon/evening, Have a pleasant stay, Have a nice day,Enjoy your meals from the hotel's staffs. I met several hotel guests at the elevator, and all have very positive comments. Their service is outstanding, they show the true meaning of hospitality. I will definetely recommend everyone visiting Singapore to experience this hotel. And I thank tripadvisor members for their excellent reviews, enable me to make the right decision. 2 Thumbs up for The Oriental !!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EILS
<Content>Amazing Stay! Having read the reviews on this site we opted for a four night stay in club room.I cannot better the reviews the room was gorgeous, the service was fantastic the location excellent. Having read a few reviews on this site, I feared that the hotel was very business orientated an not the best location for sightseeing but in actual fact we found the location excellent, walking distance to Clarke and Boat Quay, Raffles, the Esplanade and Suntec mall ( and a base for hippo tours) was on the door step.If you are considering upgrading to the club room, I would highly recommend it, I love a cocktail or two in the evening before I go out and these were complementary, even the champagne cocktails (as opposed to the hundred S$60 it cost us for two at the bar). The breakfast included champagne, the afternoon tea was delightful and the canap茅s with the cocktails were excellent. The club lounge also provided the most amazing skyline views. If you are staying at the Oriental I would also recommend the Hawker stalls opposite the hotel at the theatres on the bay, the variety, quality and taste of the food was fantastic, as was the price. Also worth a recommendation is the bar on top floor of the Stamford hotel, the service was not that great but I have never seen a view quite like it. We really had an excellent stay, and couldn鈥檛 fault the hotel at all. Would recommend to everyone visiting Singapore, we can鈥檛 wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bbeinstein
<Content>Loved everything about it! Stayed in a City Suite on June 16-19, 2005. We just loved everything about it! The staff was very friendly and accomodating. We were greeted by every single staff with a smile. The City Suite is just amazing! It has a living room with an L-shaped sectional sofa and a huge work table where you can catch up on any work you may have brought. The bedroom has the most heavenly bed which guaranteed that we overslept each and every morning we were there. The bathroom had a separate bath and shower facilities. There were complimentary chocolates and petit fours everyday and housekeeping comes to the room in the afternoom just to ready your bed for sleeping. All in all, it was an amazing stay in The Oriental.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IreneY105
<Content>Could not be better We stayed at The Oriental two weeks ago for 3 days. It was my first time visit in Singapore, i chose this hotel because it's in the centre of the city but also have a beautiful surrounding. It's just 5 to 10 minutes taxe drive from orchard road, and there is a big shopping centre just 2 minutes from the hotel .  As soon as we arrived, there were plenty of staff to greet you, which is warm and friendly. We've booked on a cityview room, since it's our honeymoon trip (don't use this excuse if you're not), we've got an upgrade to the premier ocean room which has a magnificent view. We were absolutely happy about this , and there was a bottle of red wine in the room prepared when we were there. This is what a five classes hotel would always be that considerate. The room itself is very cozy, with a modern design. And the washroom which is in a quite a moderate size and have separate bath and shower The Melt cafe offer the best breakfast we have ever, and which we've stayed in many five stars hotel , but this one is exceptional enjoyable. Since the nice and hip decor in the cafe, and plenty choices of food, even there is a juice bar, for any kind of juice, just you name it, they have it all. And besides the many choices of restaurant in the hotel , and there is a hawker food stall just 5 minutes from the hotel and after the cheap and delicious meal, you can have a pleasant walk at the esplanade.  Overall we had a wonderful stay, the services are excellent and we'd love to return again !!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at The Oriental Stayed at The Oriental for 3 nights in May. I was very impressed with the hotel and service, but really began to appreciate it when I switched hotels to begin the business part of my trip (where I had no control over picking the hotel!).I opted for the airport pickup service from the Changi. When I arrived at the hotel, a check in person met me at the car and led me to my room. It was all very Bill Murray in Lost in Translation. Let me say one thing here-- I booked the absolute cheapest room rate via the Oriental website (113USD) so it's not like I was some VIP. We did the check in procedures in the room. The room itself was nice without being overly flashy. Even though I booked a normal room, they gave me a harbor view room, which was nice. It was the not very apparent features which I really liked. For instance, the bathtub had a can of sea salts, which I admit is something stupid to like as much as I did. I did, however, really like the fact that the hotel provided toothbrushes and razor kits. And an ironing board/iron. And an umbrella (which I didn't realize was there until I called the front desk to request the use of one for the day). The service was quite good. Taxis came immediately (which I didn't pay attention to until I kept having to wait 5 minutes for a taxi when I switched to The Regent). And the staff was helpful without being overbearing. I always got the good morning and good evenings, but they were never overly intrusive, which I have often found at other hotels. The spa was also very nice. I especially liked the small, semi-private relaxation beds they have for you after the treatments. I took a bit of a nap there after my massage/facial. I didn't eat much in the hotel, only the breakfast buffet at Melt. The food choice and quality was good. For me, the highlights were the selection of fresh juices and yogurt smoothies. While I was at the hotel, I thought it was great, but it was when I moved to The Regent that I realized just HOW great The Oriental is. The Regent, by any sane standards, is a good, if not great, hotel. But when directly compared to The Oriental, it falls short in every category. Just my opinion, of course.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Harbour View Room Had a weekend getaway from The Oriental Singapore. Thumbs up for the excellent service from the staffs. We stayed at the deluxe room facing the harbour. Nice interior and view. They have a touch screen TV remote where some of the 5 stars hotels are not equipped with. We requested for a King size bed but turn out to be 2 single bed combine into 1. We wanted to change room but found out only in the night so save the hussle and slept. Was uncomfortable throughout the night when i toss and turn. So always rem need to check the bed first upon arrival.The TV was a bit too small and cant really turn the tv set to watch when i was sitting at the sofa. Nevertheless i like the sound system and the dvd player set which allows you to play movies IF you bring or purchase your own dvd.While taking a shower in the bathroom, i noticed there was water seeping out from the glass door which resulted slippery floor near the entrance of the toilet.Well I guess the hotel should rectify it to prevent guest from slipping.On a good note, we love the variety food for the buffet breakfast. May or may not come back again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Service I have always traveled to Singapore and stayed in different hotels. This time I have stayed at the Oriental on Rafles (at the Marina). Very nice hotel, very nice room but the most amazing thing is the service. The staff can remember your name. My wife went out of a jog and when she got back, someone was waiting for her at the hotel door with a tray of water and towel. You should ask for the Harbour View Room which is breath taking. Without saying, the breakfast buffet has a lot of choices from different cuisines. Againg service is very fast and adequate. Thumbs up for the staff at the Oriental.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FMUBSU
<Content>Great hotel with wonderful view We stayed here two nights in early May. It is a very nice hotel. The rooms are nicely remodeled and have a great view of the city and harbor. The club level has a wonderful breafast buffet with terrific service. The staff is very friendly and efficient. The location is very convenient to the airport and shopping. It is a very elegant and modern hotel whch is in great shape and well maintained.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EMSTEW
<Content>Gorgeous! My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel after reading other Trip Advisor members reviews, it really was as people described. The interior of this hotel is superb and having played with the idea of going to the Shangri - La, I am glad I chose the Oriental. Our room was beautiful with great views of the harbour - ask for a high level room. The staff were extremely attentive and the breakfast was amazing. I only wish we could have stayed longer unfortunately we were on a stopover - I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yorkshirebonde
<Content>Amazing! An amazing hotel. Much enjoyed by myself and my husband. The trip was a combination of business (for him) and pleasure (for her) and once the business side of things was done we decided to book a different hotel from the company booked one for the rest of our stay. So glad we made the decision to change. Although the first hotel was good (Meritus Negara) and we have no complaints at all (we were upgraded to a suite), the extra effort from the staff at the Oriental made all the diference. The service from the staff was impeccable. All the way from check-in to settling into the room, to the staff in the club lounge to the doorman and concerge. Nothing was too much trouble. The domestic staff were polite and respectful of the privacy setting in the room. The front of house staff in the club lounge friendly with a sense of homour. On one occasion we were joking in the lift when one of the staff told him he should be proud to have such a problem i.e. me, (must remember to remind my husband of that on a regular basis!) We upgraded to a club room on arrival which was well worth the extra, champagne breakfast everyday, afternoon tea, and 2 hours of cocktails from 5.30 to 7.30pm all included. The club lounge was huge with stunning views over the city. The room itself was of a good size with all of the facilities you expect from a first class hotel. Even a point to plug to your ipod/mp3 player into the surround sound system in the room (cable supplied). I can recommend the spa there where I had 2 hours of bliss and was able to move my shoulders and neck in ways I hadn't done for years.  The only slight downside is the distance from the nearest MRT station, but it is a pleasant walk , all of which can be done under cover via the shopping malls. We'll certainly be staying there again given the chance.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sums
<Content>Fantastic Unfortunately we only stayed one night here. It is probably the best hotel I have been to. The service was absolutely brilliant. Nothing is too much trouble.The rooms were fantastic and Molton Brown is used in the bathrooms. It is worth upgrading to a club room where you get a superb view and use of the club lounge with free breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails and a late check out.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!! Stayed here November 2005 for 5 days, but wished we had longer. Fantastic hotel nothing was too much trouble. Can't wait to go again, maybe next year. We made a point to visit all gardens which are free and well worth the time. November is a good time as weather is good and not too busy. Buses were easy and taxis plentiful and cheap. Dont bother with western food get out onto the streets, everything is so clean and cheap so if its not to your taste, try the next place. We ate a lot of local food and always felt we were bursting with energy, never felt tired and always on the go, . Visit Mount Faber and Macritchie reservoir you will be glad you did, dont bother with the shops you can do that anywhere, get the metro and see the island. Little India is like the old Singapore( I was there in 1967. ) I re-visited my old home it looked small but apparently worth mega -bucks.As for hotel nowhere could be better situated and make sure you get a harbour view. Very reasonable rates usually 5 nights for 4 etc. If stopping over try to go for a 4 day trip. So much to see. We bookes through Kuoni and that was good (dont bother with Travel 2) If you're going that far you want a decent operator that you can communicate with.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lchandler4285
<Content>Extraordinary I have traveled for business around the world, and have never had a better experience at any hotel. I stayed in the Club Level, and enjoyed first class breakfasts and outstanding horsdeuvers during the cocktail hour each evening. After the first day, the staff addressed me by name. It had a small hotel feel, with all the amenities of a first class business hotel. Remarkably, the two restraurnts in the hotel were among the best in the city. I especially recomend the Melt for lunch.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gordy2
<Content>Superb! Stayed 3 nights at the Oriental and had a wonderful time. Reception staff excellent - shown to our room (Harbour View) and had the local attractions pointed out to us. We were offered a deal to take breakfast in the Hotel every day which saved a few pounds. Food was excellent with plenty of choice. The room itself was superb and very well appointed. All the staff very polite and obviously happy at their work which made our stay most enjoyable. Would definitely stay here again.Booked this Hotel through Asia Rooms - I can highly recommend them.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rdmsmith
<Content>Impressed       View from Harbour Room  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>McCoist
<Content>Superb Service We stayed in The Oriental as part of our anniversary trip to Singapore  Malaysia. It was absolutely fantastic. The staff were excellent, the room we had was large (by city-centre standards) and there were great personal touches that you just don't expect from a chain hotel. The Oriental Club gave great views and superb champagne breakfasts. I would not only stay here again, but Mandarin Hotels would be an immediate choice throughout asia  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ab0si
<Content>Standard high rise The Oriental is a perfectly normal high rise hotel. The rooms are well appointed, the resaurants are generally good )and quite expensive). TGhere is nothing wrong with The Oriental, but nothing at all remarkable about it either. It is next door to a shopping mall (there are so many such malls in Singapore that this is hardly unusual). There is a 7-11 in the mall for snack needs.Negatives: A bit of a walk to the nearest subway. Not much of a lobby. Resaurants are expensive (including breakfast), but then Singapore is great eating town and there are all sorts of choices. Expensive internet.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KittyChan
<Content>MO S'pore: Beautiful Hotel with Bad Feng Shui? I stayed at the newly (and majorly) renovated Oriental in Singapore three times in 2005. The first time, in February, was very shortly after the hotel鈥檚 鈥渟oft鈥?reopening. Aesthetically, the redo is a huge success. While the hotel retains its rather nondescript exterior shape and square windows in a big white block of a building, the interior of the Oriental is now arguably the most striking of all hotels in Singapore. While most hotels built around an atrium recall the 80s even more pointedly than, say, Duran Duran cassette tapes and hair bands, the Oriental鈥檚 atrium is now dazzling, with mica-flecked black marble, pin-lighted water feature, and gorgeous dark woods everywhere. The staff are immaculate, the ladies in particular: their uniforms are very Singapore Airlines-meets-Asian Bond girls. As one often does in Singapore, I arrived very late in the evening and was tired. The Oriental鈥檚 sleek new interior and flawless staff immediately soothed. The front-desk clerk talked me into an S$90/night upgrade to a Club room, which turned out to be the same as a regular room but on a higher floor than my original room. Staff scurried in to replace stock MO amenities with Hermes, and someone else brought hot tea and a scented face towel. Aah. (Actually, the last two services come with all MO rooms.) The room, while smallish (34 m2), was beautiful: more dark woods and black marble, and an up-to-the minute bathroom with separate, walk-in rain shower; and glass wall with wooden blinds separating bed from bath rooms. My room had a dead-on view of Singapore鈥檚 harbor and attractive CBD skyline. Room service food was delicious and not overly expensive. Problems began the next morning (Saturday), when hammering and other construction noises began fairly early (shortly before 9 a.m.). I called the front desk to ask what was going on and was told that renovation work was still occurring on the uppermost floors 鈥?what would become the real Club rooms 鈥?and outside. I headed to the Club Lounge for breakfast, hoping that I might be able to sleep a bit more afterward. The lounge is brand new and spectacular: two-storey windows overlooking the city from the 21st floor, and rich yet muted Asian-modern d茅cor. The breakfast buffet was fresh, luxurious, and plentiful, including fairly good champagne (Piper-Heidsieck). Sated, I returned to my room and was able to sleep some more, as the construction crews had mercifully scaled down the pace and decibel level of their work Later in the day, I stopped by the front desk to discuss my concerns about the noises and what I thought had been a bit of a hard sell for a Club room that was only partly so. As is usually the case with MO staff I鈥檝e experienced in Asia, the duty manager was thoughtful and responsive. He took the supplemental club charge off of my room rate (for 2 nights), apologized for the noise, and assured me that I could move to another room if the work 鈥?scheduled for a shorter period 鈥?continued on Sunday. I went for a swim, and some laps the new pool put my cares behind me. The temperature-controlled infinity pool overlooks the city skyline, and the spa facilities and wet area are every bit as lovely as the rest of the hotel. When I returned to my room from my swim, I found a bottle of Shiraz and a very nice note from the duty manager, again apologizing for earlier problems.Sunday was just fine, with no construction noise and a good morning鈥檚 sleep. Upon returning home, I had a very nice e-mail from Ms Cindy Kong, the Oriental鈥檚 guest-relations manager. She again apologized for the problems I鈥檇 encountered and asked me to contact her directly concerning future stays to ensure proper care.I did contact Ms Kong again, as I was planning another visit to Singapore at the end of April and first week of May, bookends to a week in Bali. She assured me that construction work would be finished and that I would have an excellent, quiet room. That proved to be the case; this time I stayed in a Club room on the Club floor, and everything was great. I was looking forward to my return a week later. Ms Kong e-mailed me while I was in Bali to let me know that a new construction project (this time, a municipal endeavor at adjacent Marine Square) would be taking place during my anticipated stay, and she offered not only to help with a booking at another hotel but also to have me picked up upon arrival at Changi Airport and taken in an MO car to the alternate hotel. Again, MO鈥檚 outstanding customer service impressed.My third stay with the Oriental was in September, and this time the hotel offered me an ocean-view room at a very good rate. Unfortunately, I timed my stay to coincide exactly with a weekend of daylong F1 speedboat races 鈥?on the water, well within earshot of the hotel. I contacted the Front Desk, and staff offered to give me free use of a City Room, away from the water-facing sides of the hotel, for sleeping during the day. (I note here that the standard City rooms, while pleasant and comfortable, have noticeably blander d茅cor and furnishings than the Ocean and Harbor View rooms. Staff advised that City rooms are usually assigned to package-tour customers. In any event, my City day room was a blessed respite from the constant whining of racing speedboats.) I joked with the duty manager that perhaps I have bad feng shui at the Oriental, given my star-crossed stays to date. Unfortunately, the joke or bad FS continued a bit further: later on, while I was relaxing after the boat races in my Ocean room, a harsh chemical smell seeped into the room. I opened the door and the reek of kerosene in the hallway or similar brought tears to my eyes. I flagged down a maid, who reported that a maintenance worker had spilled paint in the storage room at the end of the hall and had dumped a large quantity of turpentine on the paint still to try to clean up. A few other guests had also been flushed out of their rooms, seeking the source of the fumes. I informed the front desk of the problem and then went for a long swim. When I returned to my floor, the paint-thinner odor had subsided a bit but was still fairly harsh. I had a message on my room voicemail from guest relations. When I called back, the duty manager apologized again and asked me whether the hotel could move me and my things to a City View suite. I readily agreed. The suite was wonderful 鈥?and huge (about 70 m2). Rather than replicating the drabness of the regular City rooms, the suite was very sleekly furnished and decorated, with a separate bedroom, two bathrooms, and expansive city views. Well done, Oriental! Oh, I had breakfast (included in my room rate) in the just-opened Melt restaurant, which has several huge food stations featuring dishes -- all fresh and very delicious -- from all over the world. The Indian station was my favorite for savories, and the Western breakfast-y baked goods were to die for.Although I鈥檝e not yet stayed again at the Oriental 鈥?I stayed at Raffles on my most recent trip to Singapore 鈥?I probably would stay there again. It really is a beautiful hotel, and the staff are perhaps the best I鈥檝e encountered (with the possible exception of those of Peninsula Hotels). I still attribute the problems I had at the Oriental to bad luck, or possibly bad feng shui, which perhaps one shouldn鈥檛 take lightly in a predominantly Chinese culture. Nonetheless, the Oriental richly deserves the very positive rankings and reviews it鈥檚 received since its very successful makeover. If one can get a good corporate or promotional rate (my cheapest stay was S$188/night), the Oriental may be the best hotel stay in Singapore.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheTravellingGourmet
<Content>My Taste Buds Melted.... Dr. Michael Lim The Travelling Gourmet is a renowned Travel, Food  Wine Writer in AsiaMELT the World Cafe at The Oriental Singapore melted my tastebuds....There are many mega-buffets now not only in sunny Singapore, but also in places like Hong Kong. Here, the design is open, spacious and bright. Food is cooked a la minute with freshly sliced proscuitto from Italy and many types of mustards just to give two examples. The Indian section is marvellous, and as for my favourite...dessert, literally mind blowing! Ice creams, fresh fruit from the usual to the exotic like Starfruit, please even the most jaded of palates. I like to dine here slowly and sample just a tiny portion of each culinary creation like a never ending Menu Degustation. Try Thai too...where some tasty treats from Thailand like Pad Thai or fried noodles tantalise.ENJOY!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Brunos
<Content>Very hot Oriental We did a brief night-stopover in Singapore on January 7th.We checked in around 7:40 pm (after a long trip from Europe)and left at 4am the next day. We were first given a room on the 16th floor. The room was hot when we got in and turned the air conditioner. By 9pm it had not cooled off, and we repeatedly called for engineering. They finally came and after an hour of work decided that it was not working. We were finally moved to another room on the 17th floor. The temperature was 27掳 when we came in and the manager turned the AC on. We directely went to bed but the AC did not work in this room either. Unfortunately we could not even open the window which was locked. It was midnight and did not have the courage to change room as we were to get up in less than four hours. Of course we got no sleep and the bell boy who picked up our luggage could attest that the temperature was over 27掳. The hotel looked almost empty and my guess is that the AC was closed on a few floors to save costs, but that the reception was not advised of it and gave us rooms on these floors. Whatever the reason, this is totally unacceptable from a five star hotel. I left a note of complaint to the hotel GM at checkout, but never got even a word of apologies. This tells a lot about the poor quality of management/service at this hotel. In Singapore there are many more reliable hotels.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Stayed at the Oriental for the first time after years travelling to Singapore for work.I choose this due to it being cheaper than Conrad but definately worth the money. Rooms are excellent after renovation! Staff are friendly.Although I was told Conrad is 6-star, Oriental appears to be much grander and posher than Conrad.No problem with shopping as Marina Square is just next door. Although walking to the MTR is not something i look forward to.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doesn't quite make it... I stayed at the Oriental over New year with my family. In my view it is still very much a 4 star hotel..The service is pretty good, and the location is excellent.. however certain key 5 Star attributes were missing:Our room was a little tatty - the electricity cupboard door was broken and exposed. Both our bathrobe belt loops were torn. I also had to ask repeatedly for a internet connection wire. Over all the place is very dark - both in the rooms (paticularly bathrooms) and in the lobby areas.Sadly there was very little pool service (ie. towels, beds, drinks). The pool has a good view, but its all a bit like a public swimming pool with little in the way of interest like the Shangri La. One also felt that swimmers were not very welcome in the Italian restaurant next to the pool. Most annoying however, was when the hotel decided that guests could not watch the New Year fireworks from the Swimming pool area without buying a ticket to a Champagne reception (no children allowed) - or go into a bar overlooking the marina without paying a New Years eve cover charge (no children allowed). Although we were 5 residents of the hotel, we were forced onto the street to see the fireworks.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Vardomannen
<Content>No Complaints at All I have stayed in Singapore on numerous occasions - never in the same hotel twice though, as the choice of great hotels in the city seems limitless. However, I would most certainly return to the Orientel given a chance, not only because of the excellent standard of accommodation, but also because of the area surrounding it; convenient yet much quieter than Orchard Road. The rooms are faultless and of a good size, the staff accommodating and welcoming.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sankar
<Content>Very Good, almost Great.... This is definitely a very nice hotel, though not perfect. But perhaps I had been expecting too much, considering the Mandarin Oriental Brand and what I had seen on their website. We took the standard rooms, which were pretty good in all respects but nothing very special. Big, bright, comfortable, a balcony would have been nice. And our room was a corner room which was weirdly shaped. The service was excellent, very friendly and helpful, they really go out of their way to help you. The Atrium lobby is nice but there are miles of boring white corridors on each floor which could've been spruced up with a little more color/decoration.The location is not the best, with few entertainment and late night dining options nearby, and the subway a long walk away. But it is right across the bay if you want a nice evening walk, and the bustling Boat Quay isn't too far away, and once you reach there the financial district is next door. Overall a great place to stay if you don't mind a slightly out of the way location.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AJBJDS
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Location I was delighted with this hotel - renovated, modern, classy, incredibly clean and comfortable, friendly staff, gorgeous pool. The proximity to mall next door mall and the hawker stations across the street (on weekends) meant that I didn't need to eat in the hotel itself. (The in-house restaurants were too expensive for my liking). However, the luxurious hotel rooms make up for the lack of affordable eating options in the hotel. Just run next door and you'll have everything you need for food (and shopping if that is your thing). Great location too: quieter than being in the midst of Suntec etc. I loved my stay here and recommend it highly! I loved Little India - so much to see and great veggie Indian food. Also, the Zoo and Night Safari were fascinating and fun!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>5 star - but I lucked out I was booked in here for four nights (after three at the superlative Oriental in Bangkok) but they moved me out for three nights due to a major Morgan Stanley conference that took over the whole hotel. Yes, I had a good time at the Pan Pacific in stead, but it wasn't quite to the standard of The Oriental. Nevertheless, this is a very good hotel and I would happily return...providing they honoured my booking this time! Staff were very pleasant and thoughtful given the problems they had laid on me and did all they could to make up for the inconvenience. Club floor facilities very good - worth paying the extra for.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>UkPaula
<Content>Good business hotel       Bit small but luxurious enough  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Frank15
<Content>Great hotel Stayed here for 2 days in October as a stopover en route to Australia. Had an ocean view room which was modern, extremely comfortable and clean. The buffet breakfast was the best breakfast we have ever experienced - a huge choice.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>trave
<Content>Excellent, Excellent . . . I stayed here from Oct 21 - 23 and must say that it exceeded my expectations. Staff were friendly, facilities were excellent, and as in everything with Singapore, hotel was connected to a mall ( Marina Square) which is connected to another mall and another mall. This is important more so if you are travelling with family. Seriously speaking, just pay up and you won't go wrong with this property. Unlike some photos you see on other hotel websites, what you see if what you get at the Oriental.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Love_the_life
<Content>Terrific place - especially Harbour View rooms       Junior suite  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>moschino24_98
<Content>mixed feelings We arrived at the hotel to celebrate my partner 40th birthday.The lobby is very modern and I was impressed with the lifts in the middle. The check in was fast and we were shown the room with harbour view. The room is very modern with stunning view but is not very large. The hotel didn't do any arrangments for our celebration even a postcard.In the evening we went for a dinner at Morton's Grill. Here was the big disappointment. Very high prices for not so special meal and really poor service. The breakfast in the morning is ok but the food was cold. For my next visit I will consider Shangri-La.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>wlec
<Content>wonderful hotel My son and I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Oriental and we cannot praise this establishment highly enough. All the staff were extremely polite and helpful. In particular James on reception desk went out of his way to help us with the only problem we had which was the room. We had booked a deluxe city view room and upon check-in the room asigned to us had a double bed instead of twin beds as requested. James gladly moved us for 1 night to a harbour view room until the following morning when a twin city view became available. The city view room was lovely, very spacious and kept very clean with fresh amenities twice daily.As this was a business trip we had no trouble with the doorman getting us taxi's to various meetings etc. and each time we entered or exited the hotel we were greeted with smiles and friendliness. I have no hesitation recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frenchandparisian
<Content>REAL NICE       Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice This hotel was very nice. I had a few problems with the service but overall it was a nice, clean hotel and good value for money. The rooms were on the small size and the views were not great and even after complaining that we did not like the view, we were not moved to another room (even though there was plenty available) so not great customer service. My advice to travellers would be to eat and drink outside the hotel as it is very pricey especially the main bar. It is a nice area and there are shops everywhere in Singapore so you do not have to worry about the location. Take a boat ride (about 5GBP per person). I stayed at the same chain of hotel in Kuala lumpur which I would recommend much more than this one, as the people were friendlier, the service better and the rooms much larger and the food was better value for money. Also sinagpore is very expensive compared to Malaysia (I would go as far to say it is more expensive then europe if not the same).  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ian&angela
<Content>Very highly recommended Expected a good hotel, but were delighted that everything exceed our expectations. Rooms, views, and above all friendliness and service were exceptional. It is the staff that make this good hotel GREAT!Would not dream of staying anywhere else in Singapore.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Zak_and_Family
<Content>Another great stay at he Oriental in Singapore Just returned from another great stay (5 nights) at this hotel. Since the upgrade the hotel looks and feels so much better than before and the rooms are great with an excellent audio/video system. As each room has a DVD player you can borrow DVDs from reception, which is a great way of keeping the kids entertained before bedtime. Whilst we were there the hotel was full but it remained very quiet and you only really saw a lot of people at breakfast in the Melt restaurant. I would have to agree with a previous reviewer regarding some staff in this restaurant that could do with customer service training. The staff in the Oriental in Kuala Lumpur are so much better at service with a smile but this is the only minor point here.Overall another excellent stay and looking forward to going back next year.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AndW
<Content>Great hotel       View from Harbour room  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chalermchai
<Content>Rooms so comfortable you don't want to leave The Oriental Singapore has undergone major transformation and is now among the best appointed hotels in Asia. A local resident, I stayed one night over a long weekend and found the rooms so comfortable I didn't want to leave. Can't say the same for the FB options there though. Some highlights and lowlights:Highs:1) Rooms - Fabulously redecorated with smart layout, open concept baths, a very top class entertainment and technology system. I particularly like the choice of colours and fittings and full length windows. Very clean and streamlined look with carefully selected artpieces and a stylish feature-wall headboard. The bed was really comfortable with duvet, plump down pillows and good quality linen. Nice armchair and footrest. A very spacious working desk with real office chair and proper desk lamp, lots of storage space and counter topis to just spread out all your work documents or personal belongings, bathroom with a full-length window facing the bedroom area and the exterior view. Strategically placed mirrors including one in the bath to reflect the exterior view. The remote control is one of the best I've seen, designed to integrate all entertainment functions including the DVD player, radio, auxiliary audio and video systems and a touchscreen that actually lists all the channels available (which is a really good international selection). There is also an in-house radio channel named 'relax' which presents a really interesting compilation of chillout/spa/orient-inspired tunes. Rooms have iPod plug and play systems connected to Bose satellite speakers. In fact, you can also plug in gadgets such as x-boxes, etc. There is also a sub-woofer system. All powerpoints and cablepoints are at desk height, all powerpoints are universal so there's never a need for adaptors, all necessary cables are provided in a smart leather box and clearly marked with easy-to-understand instructions. Fruit platter and flowers come as standard. There seems to be a mid-day maid service (to replenish towels and touch-up bed) plus an evening turndown. Nothing much to fault really.2) Pool - Large area with secluded nooks and crannies and a nice view of the city skyline. Very attentive towel and drinks service. Poolside staff are very cheerful and enthusiastic.3) Views - I was given room 1230, an ocean view deluxe facing pockets of greenery and the sea dotted with ships and smaller vessels. The night I stayed there was a fireworks presentation as part of Singapore's national day celebrations. Very spectacular. I'l post some photos shortly.4) Front office - Very efficient and friendly. On check-in, the system was down but all paperwork was already printed out. The team handled guests to the best of their abilities. I requested for a late check-out with no problems. Check-out was just as quick and fuss-free.Lows:Only one significant low really:1) Breakfast - Had breakfast at Melt, the recently opened buffet restaurant. The spread was very big with interesting sections including Indian and a dessert area. But the actions of two staff members really made this a bad start to the day. The lady taking care of the juice counter has a permanent angry and frustrated face. She didn't seem interested in her work at all. When I helped myself to some mango yoghurt drink and swirled the jug to ensure the drink was properly mixed, she shouted very rudely: you don't need to shake that you know??? I corrected her by saying I was swirling and not shaking, and I didn't have to do it but wanted to do it. Her face exploded to an even ruder expression. I get even better service from the local hawker centres. Second staff was a male waiter who was trying very hard to explain to a Japanese couple the need to sign the breakfast bill even though breakfast is included in their room rate. He lost his temper and was really shouting at the couple:  just sign, it's only a statistic, the money will be deducted when you check out, CAN YOU JUST SIGN THIS BILL??? I really wonder, don't the restaurant staff undergo any form of training to deal with such simple situations? The same waiter, very shortly later, came to remove my plate while almost half of my toast was still on my hand and I was munching away. This is just not acceptable for a Mandarin Oriental property or any hospitality establishment for that matter.Verdict: I highly recommend this hotel. Probably the best rooms in the city right now, perhaps until the St Regis opens. Even Ritz-Carlton's rooms pale in comparison. Lots need to be addressed at the restaurant 'software' front. I'd rather walk to Marina Square nearby which has lots of more friendly and much cheaper food and dining options. Remember... bring your iPod! The sound quality is amazing...  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TomCologne
<Content>Perfect hotel! Located at the harbour next to Ritz Carlton. Recently renovated. We had a club-floor-room, facing the harbour (great views - not as spectacular as Ritz Carlton though). Rooms are average size and layout (typical hotel) but nicely decorated. Bathroom is very pretty. The club lounge is really excellent, with great service and a nice selection of fb. Staff is great at the hotel, although the have to deal with quite a mix of guests, not all of which are 5-star (how can someone enter the lounge in a bathrobe? how can someone shout at their mobile for half an hour while other guests eat? Seems to happen everywhere now...). You can tell the lobby was expensive - almost too Oriental - meaning dark; but this seems to be the Oriental style.Service was spotless throughout. One of the best hotels in Singapore. Would always come back.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommend the renovated Oriental I stayed at the Oriental for 3 days in June on a business trip. I was aware that renovations had been completed 6 months prior but had not stayed there before, hence my impressions were not influenced by previous experiences. I am a frequent global traveller, for both business and leisure, and was very impressed by the Oriental Singapore. I stayed on the Club Level and would recommend this package to people who wish to enjoy the hotel's conveniences as opposed to just a bed and breakfast. The breakfast and cocktail hour presentations were first rate and the late checkout is very convenient when one has a late night flight to wherever. The hotel is well located to the soon to be completed renovated Marina shopping centre and its views of the bay are as good as any. The service was faultless (and us weary travellers tend to be picky) and if anything was almost too attentive, especially on check-in.I ate at three of the in-house restaurants and all were consistantly good, the Chinese restaurant in particular. The rooms are spacious, they have done a great job with the technology options in the rooms, the beds are excellent and the bathrooms and amenities are what is to be expected from a 5 star hotel.For value and location, I recommend the hotel to business travellers and given the number of contented families enjoying the hotel, I suspect it caters well for them too.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Oriental Singapore, back at the top!       looking thru shower to Harbour view  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best place to have a wedding Since my wife was based in Singapore, we decided to have our wedding in The Oriental. It was a very wise choice. After the reception, we stayed for two days, one day at the bridal suite and the other day at the suite facing the marina. The view was fantastic with a fabulous view of the city. The rooms were just renovated and the design was pretty unique, since you can see a full view of the marina and the city from inside the bathroom. The service was impeccable and everybody was so courteous. The in-house wedding planner was very attentive and was on top of every detail. The food was also very good and they really prepared a sumptuous banquet for our wedding. The Oriental made our wedding extra-special and made our 2 night stay as comfortable and memorable as possible. Five stars and two thumbs up for their excellent service and attention to detail.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mooney
<Content>Pure indulgence The Mandarin Oriental just re-opened in Dec 04 and we're just back from staying there in April 05. What can I say except fantastic. The staff were brilliant, we were travelling with our son just 1 and they could not do enough to help us. We had breakfast in the hotel, which was fantastic but even better was the Cantonese we had in the Cherry Tree Restaurant - I have never had Chinese like it unbelievable. Also the Moet champagne is cheaper than glasses of wine so what could be better. Went for a treatment in the Spa - out of this world. I cannot praise this hotel enough - we also got an upgrade to a suite which was perfect as this was the end of our holiday.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aliandmark
<Content>Wow, amazing, superb Stayed at the Oriental for 2 nights whilst on route back from Australia and like many other members I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. We arrived to find that we have been upgraded to a city suite and we also paid the extra so that we could use the Club Lounge on the famous 19th floor.Spending the extra money to use the Club Lounge is a must (although from talking to a rather disgruntled couple in the foyer, it seemed not all guests were given the choice). Anyway, it allows you to enjoy a champagne breakfast, afternoon tea and complimentary bar including cocktails and canopes in the evening.Talk about living like a Queen, the staff were fantastic and knew you by name. They remembered our breakfast and cocktail orders without even having to ask. The city suite we had was truly amazing. I could not believe what we were given for the little price we paid (I even checked the exchange rate just to make sure). The rooms were confortable with views of the city skyline... seating area, guest cloakroom, bedroom, dressing area, bathroom with a bath big enough to swim in and a separate shower big enough for a party.Will definitely visit the Oriental again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bangkokexpat
<Content>A Class Act The Oriental has everything one can reasonably expect from a 5-star hotel operated by a renowned luxury chain. I was there for three nights during April 2005. The rooms, which are large enough but not immense, are well-appointed and newly renovated, and the bathroom was modern and resplendent with new fittings. The staff is unfailingly friendly and attentive. The breakfast, while adequate, is nothing special and was below the high standards of the rest of the hotel; however, the charming room it was served in and the ever-present helpful staff, made up for the less than superior food. The Oriental鈥檚 Marina Bay location is super. I liked the fact that, via connecting passageways, overpasses, tunnels and walkways, I could walk directly to many shopping centers and The Esplanade, without accessing the street or traffic. This hotel is a class act. I wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Comfortable Stayed at the Oriental for three days at the beginning of April.Overall a superb hotel with good facilities and extremely comfortable rooms.Only slight complaints were there was no ATM in the hotel and the adjacent shopping centre is closed for renovation. To get cash involves a bit of a hike but this is hardly an ordeal.The (very good) Mortons restaurant on site doesn't give you the option to charge meals to your room so remember to take cards or cash with you.The hotel bar lounge has all the atmosphere of a doctor's waiting room without the reading materials. The Mortons bar, by contrast, is very good.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BDslt
<Content>Superb!   showReview(3389434, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Buidling work on city side   showReview(3369722, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ENMC
<Content>Marvellous!   showReview(3338393, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>truly Outstanding   showReview(3315484, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>finwalk
<Content>Truely outstanding service   showReview(3304464, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expensive but superb   showReview(3214796, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oew
<Content>Back to luxury,top in service   showReview(2871420, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renovations   showReview(2437779, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and wonderful staff   showReview(2334549, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paul_nl
<Content>good deal   showReview(2293926, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>钀姐仭鐫€銇勩仧銈ゃ兂銉嗐儶銈?#x201d;   showReview(23342153, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>pichi-puchi
<Content>Perfecto.       detalle de bienvenida  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>銈儹銈?> 銈儹銈?</a> </div>
<Content>绔嬪湴鈼庛€€銈儶銈ㄣ兂銈裤儷銇洶鍥叉皸銇岀礌鏁碉紒   showReview(21415617, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>銇嶃個銇?> 銇嶃個銇?</a> </div>
<Content>钀姐仭鐫€銇勩仧绱犳暤銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21384243, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Msoleil
<Content>鍒╀究鎬ф姕缇?#x201d;   showReview(20682146, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夊叏銆佸畨蹇冦仹渚垮埄銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(21744652, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yummyyumi
<Content>鏈濄仈銇倱銇屻仚銇般倝銇椼亜锛侊紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(20500430, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銇ㄣ倐銇勩亼
<Content>銉炪儶銉笺儕鍦板尯銇с伄瀹挎硦銇倝...       姗熻兘鐨勩仾銉愩偣銉兗銉?/a>  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr aufmerksamer Service; Zusatzdienstleistungen sehr teuer   showReview(19645985, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jasonspain
<Content>genial   showReview(19274754, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>flo974
<Content>Superbe hotel       La piscine  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RetoZurich
<Content>Streben nach perfektem Service   showReview(18948293, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PASCALERIC
<Content>VIP       vue de la chambre harbour view  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hervorragendes Hotel   showReview(19645983, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>misterflynn
<Content>Purer Luxus!!!       Bayview Room Ausblick  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇儧銉嗐儷銇у揩閬?#x201d;   showReview(19172649, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hesse
<Content>nicht so gut wie das Schwesterhotel in Bangkok   showReview(16768349, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hervorragendes Hotel - zum wohlf眉hlen   showReview(15568047, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖偣銉斻偪銉儐銈?#x201d;   showReview(19170241, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼   showReview(19169748, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈娿仧銇?#x201d;   showReview(19167676, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇ч儴灞嬨亴銈儸銈?#x201d;   showReview(19167409, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ф簚瓒?#x201d;   showReview(19167344, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傞亷銇斻仐銈勩仚銇?#x201d;   showReview(19167069, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19166444, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濋銉栥儍銉曘偋銆€鏈€楂橈紒   showReview(19165543, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仌銈屻伨銇椼仧   showReview(19164150, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銈夈仐銇勬櫙鑹层倰妤姐仐銈併伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19164110, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Armino01
<Content>Immer wieder eine Freude   showReview(8697228, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹熴伀蹇仼   showReview(19163597, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€瓒筹紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19163595, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barimonac
<Content>le luxe, l'accueil...   showReview(8469593, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娓┿亱銇勩亰銈傘仸銇仐銇屽嵃璞＄殑锛?#x201d;   showReview(19163257, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧銇撱亾銇潵銇俱仚鈽?#x201d;   showReview(19162856, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DHor
<Content>je confirme : c'est top qualit茅   showReview(8052028, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shilla
<Content>Der Kunde ist K枚nig...       Hotelfront  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傝壇銇嬨仯銇熴仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19159374, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲锛侊紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19157589, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓婅唱銇亸銇ゃ倣銇?#x201d;   showReview(19929652, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷...   showReview(19926322, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉栥儠銉偄鍒╃敤銆傞儴...   showReview(19925768, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛撴硦锛曟棩锛擄紪锛曪紣锛愬唵...   showReview(19924805, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儍銉椼儷銇曘倱銇偗銉笺儩...   showReview(19922304, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉炽儉銉笺儔銇儴灞嬨伅...   showReview(19922178, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>UA渚裤仩銇ｃ仧銇仹娣卞...   showReview(19921707, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶滀腑銇埌鐫€銇с仐銇熴亴銉?..   showReview(19920903, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娓亴銇欍亹杩戙亸銇亗銈?..   showReview(19920892, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儍銉椼儷銇ф櫘閫氥伀鐢炽仐...   showReview(19920768, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儶銈ㄣ兂銈裤儷銇仾銈撱仺...   showReview(19918545, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣曞嚘銇歌銇忔檪銈傘儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(19918094, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇欍仈銇忕満銈併亴鑹亸閮ㄥ眿...   showReview(19917982, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇伨銇氥伨銇氥仹銇椼仧...   showReview(19917832, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝銈裤偗銈枫兗銇э紥...   showReview(19917039, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉炪儶銉笺儕銈广偗銈с偄銇洿...   showReview(19916238, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

