<Author>Nancy03
<Content>Another success using TripAdvisor! As a visitor to Tokyo after many many years, I went solely on recommendations for this trip. A friend told me about this newly renovated hotel and I naturally looked it up on tripadvisor as I had great success last year finding a place in Venice through them.It was more than I expected! I was aware of the small sized rooms from the other reviews - to be expected, but I did not worry as I booked the biggest one. It was great! So to those who complain about the small rooms, just spend a bit more and book the bigger ones! They do exist!Staff were great, location was perfect and the hotel was very cozy. I will definitely stay there again! Thanks TripAdvisor!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>muffine
<Content>Nice hotel The hotel is in a great location, about 3-5 minutes away from the South/Southern Terrace Exit of the Shinjuku JR Station, and the Oedo line(which you want to take to go to the Tsukiji market) is right next door. The limousine bus (both from narita and haneda) stops at this hotel as well. The hotel is very modern and clean. There is free wired internet in the guest room, and a lounge in the second floor where you can get free hot drinks. There are also two computers which are connected to the internet in the lounge. We had a room with two twin beds, and whilst it's larger than a semi-double or a double room, there's just barely enough room to put and open our suitcases. In general, we are quite satisfied with the hotel. The only complaint is the staff. They were not very friendly, and they were quite reluctant when asked to bring two more pillows to our room. Their english is quite good compared to most japanese, but they would often assumed your questions. For instance, when they heard the word limousine bus they immediately assumed that our question was about the schedule, when in fact, we were asking about reserving tickets. At the end it took us a long time just to relay our question coz often time, they didn't let us finish.Apart from this, we enjoyed the hotel and would definitely consider staying in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>yummynat
<Content>Good location, but average hotel for the price The hotel is definitely in good location and the rooms are OK. We did have a problem with the reservation and we given a room with one bed instead of two and the staff wasn't very nice in addressing the problem. The hotel charged us additional $85/nt for the exactly same room with 2 beds. For the price and hotel standard, we'd expect better quality customer service and higher quality accomodations.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	1	2	3	

<Author>Joseph_Choy
<Content>Wonderful hotel       Economy Room  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KangarooRoute
<Content>Better than modern I stayed at this hotel for five days with family, and thought that although the rooms were quite small they were very nicely furnished and modern, as well as exceptionally clean. The proximity to shinjuku station was incredible, yet the rooms were very quiet at night, whilst I thought that the guest-only lounge with computers and hot drinks was a very nice touch. Although it did not have a swimming pool I would chose it over all of the other 3 star hotels in central Tokyo, and most of the 4 star ones.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>lonelypiano
<Content>Decent Hotel       The hotel sign  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>per-martin
<Content>Super Hotel Sometimes you get surprised in a very positive way. This hotel has a great location. Nice rooms and very helpfull staff. I could imagine you could pay the double rate at a hotel nearby and still dont get the standard of sunroute plaza.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Jay-Antonio
<Content>Good hotel and location A nice hotel (quite a recent build) and well located (close to the shinjuku station).The rooms are well furnished and clean and the front desk is very helpful.Just one point: the rooms are quite small; I booked a double which would have been too cramped for two...Enjoy you stay in tokyo!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ilovemelbourne
<Content>Quality Hotel  My husband and I stayed at this fantastic hotel for four nights in early November 2008. We arrived at Narita airport and caught the limousine bus, which dropped us off directly at the hotel (3000 yen each).Check-in was quick and easy, staff were very friendly and helpful.I found the second day i needed to borrow a travel adaptor and the staff were more than accommodating.We had the breakfast buffet once in the hotel (7am-10am) for 1500 yen each, had a great selection of western and japanese breakfast items. The location can't be beat - with Shinjuku station only a 5 min walk away connecting you to all train lines and many fantastic restaurants only minutes away. We stayed on the 8th floor which had it's own vending machine with beer at very reasonable prices. We took full advantage of the guest facilities on the second floor which offered free coffee, tea and hot chocolate all day as well as the internet computers.Staff also have great maps to help you around the area and supply a great map to the Government Building observation deck (all free of charge!).Rooms were small but had everything needed for the time spent in them. Check-out was easy and our luggage was stored for us until we were ready to collect them.Overall this was a really great experience, this hotel is quality.Recommend this hotel to everyone and anyone. Would definitely stay there again, hands down.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travlr67
<Content>Great hotel, Great location I'm glad I booked this hotel during our stay in Tokyo. It's about a 5-10 min walk to the Shinjuku train station which gives you access to all the major subway/JR/private lines in Tokyo. The rooms and bathrooms are very clean, although a bit small but everything else makes it perfect. The staff is helpful and there is an onsite luggage delivery service, which is handy if you are looking to travel to other places in Japan. The hotel is also near many restaurants so you won't have any trouble finding stuff to eat. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>CS55963
<Content>This is a great hotel for a visit to Tokyo I stayed at this hotel during a two week visit to Japan, the hotel is obviously fairly new and looks really nice. The bedrooms and bathroom are spotless. Each room has free broadband access as standard which is useful. The rooms were bigger than I expected and certainly comfortable.The location of this hotel was perfect, it is like 100m from the Main Shinjuku station which means getting in addition the reception desk was staffed by about 6 people, so never a queue.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dcp772000
<Content>Very good choice Pro:- modern buliding and facilities- 100 meter from Shinjuku station- spotless clean- good English spoken at the receptionContra:- none (as usual the rooms are Japanese size, but this is not a problem for me)  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>1globetrotterSweden
<Content>Absolute superb hotel!!! Great hotel close to the Shinjuku station. Just 4-5 min from the largest railwaystation in the world. The service at the recpetion is excellent, there are four elevators and a lot of others service. The hotel is very very clean and quiet. I stayed at the 12th floor and had a great view of Tokyo from my room. The toilet and room has everything you need to stay there. The rooms has large HD flatscreens. Nothing but the best at Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku Hotel. Stay there is you are in Tokyo!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tdottony
<Content>Highly Recommended Ideal location located only a few walking blocks from main transit station. The commute from Narita was seamless given its location. In the hub of the action for the busy area of Shinjuku but situated far enough that made its location very quiet. I suggest that you use this area as the base as its central to city and only a couple of stops from other city sections (Shibuya, Ginza ect ...). The hotel itself was modern and very clean. Its only a couple of years old. The staff and service was exceptional. The business centre had internet access at no cost. Free internet access in the rooms too. Airport bus shuttle service was offered to and from the hotel at a reasonable cost. This hotel is excellent value for its costs, $160 US average for a 7 day stay for a double bed room. For savings book at expedia or hotels.com. Try scoring an equivalent in New York or Paris! I feel in love with the city and will be back soon.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jj7643a
<Content>Perfect Base Hotel       hallway to main room area  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pastryslave
<Content>Very good choice for Tokyo Stayed there for two separate periods in November 2008. First stay was a great twin room on the 6th floor, huge (for Japan, mind you) room and beds - both beds were nearly queen size, so we just shared one bed and used the other to jump around in. The next stay, we got a standard double on the 13th floor - tiny room, bigger bed. Slightly claustrophobic bathroom, but we managed. We booked the big room through our European hotels.com portal, and the tiny room through the japanese portal. Which might explain the difference. They cost about the same. Cheap for Tokyo. And well worth the money. The restaurant isn't great, but there really is no excuse for dining at the hotel in Shinjuku anyway. Even if you're jetlaged and can't be bothered - there's McDonald's, KFC and Wendy's down the road if you're a really desparate noodle-hater.The location is just fantastic. It's right around the corner from Shinjuku station, we took the Narita express straight to the stration and five minutes after exiting the train we were checking in. There's a subway station even closer, and Yoyogi station on the JR Yamanote line is just down the road - a better choice than crazy (but lovable) Shinjuku. Oh - And there's an AM/PM across the road, and a Family Mart close to Yoyogi station, for any convenience-store-needs.We will definitely return - but next time, we'll settle for the big twin room, and avoid the double.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>kbp619
<Content>Exceeded expectations, fantastic location!!       Hotel entry  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jwoodhouse
<Content>Perfect Hotel for Tourists       Well appointed economy room  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>radioflyer0101
<Content>Nice business hotel, very good location The best part of our stay was realizing how great it was to be close to Shinjuku staton. For a tourist visit to Tokyo, I think this was about as convenient as it gets, except possibly being right by Tokyo Station, which would probably be much more expensive.The room was typical business hotel, but the lobby was fancy. Service was very good, which is usual in Japan. Get a great rate on Priceline, and your set for Tokyo.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveleryy
<Content>The best hotel i've ever stayed after reading all the other reviews for this hotel,i decided to book this hotel for my japan trip. It is easily accessible from the airport, just take the airport lumisine bus, it stop right infront of the main door... The hotel is clean, infact, extremely clean. The stuff were friendlly and helpful. A must have for shoppers, as train station is just besid the hotel, major shopping centres like tAKASHIMAYA and ISETAN or, major electronic shop YODOBASHI and there is one more, but i forgot, these shops are all just in a few mins walk~~i will definitely stay in this hotel again or my future trip to tokyo... Superb Hotel...HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Laini
<Content>Excelent brand new hotel WOW!We staye at this hotel during their first aniversary and it was amazing. Just 5 minutes from Shinjuku station which would take you anywhere. The hotel was on a very calm streen in Shinjuku so no noise was heard during the night. Across the street from the hotel there is an AM/PM shop where you can buy all kinds of food for the hotel or to take with you when you go out and explore the city. Location=greatService=greatRooms=great  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Globetrotter_Roy
<Content>Excellent location! I had to stay in Tokyo over the night to catch another flight (less than 24 hours), so instead of staying near Narita airport I decided to try a hotel down town. I am quite happy with the hotel itself, and in particular with its location, but it takes some time to get there. The good: excellent location. Free and fast internet access!!! It is almost in front of Shinjuku station (follow the Southern Terrace signs) and several shopping centers, restaurants, etc.. The attention by the staff was excellent and polite. Yes, rooms are small, but it is normal for Hotels in Tokyo (that is, unless you are ready to pay big for more space). The hotel is about 1:30 hr away from Narita Airport if you manage to catch the N'Ex (Narita Express) that goes directly to Shinjuku. But the service to that station is not too frequent, so it could take you a bit more time to get there (i.e. check the time tables BEFORE buying the train ticket). The so-so: TV is in Japanese only but the free Internet compensates if you are bringing a laptop with you. The bad: nothing to complain about.The bottom line: very good to stay in Tokyo for a few days. If you don't have much time, better stay near the airport.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>London2world
<Content>very nice hotel with great location I was visiting Tokyo for both business and vacation, and having never been to Japan before I thought it would be best to stay somewhere that was relatively easy to get to. Sunroute is a standard business hotel chain in Japan, and the Hotel Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku is one that was recently renovated so everything feels very new. The single person rooms are a bit small (as is typical in Japan), but everything was clean and very nicely done. The staff was very helpful, though I did not need to ask them for much, and the in-room internet connection was very good.The main advantage of the hotel is its location. It's about a 3-5 minute walk from the main train station in Shinjuku, which puts just about all of Tokyo within a 30 minute train ride. The hotel is on the western side of Shinjuku, just south of the skyscraper district, so it's also very close to a number of stores and restaurants. It's also quite easy to get there from both airports by train, though you can also take a bus directly to Shinjuku station.The regular prices are a bit high, but you can get substantial discounts on web pages like Expedia.Overall, I would definitely stay there again and would easily recommend it to anyone traveling to Tokyo.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ParkSlopeTraveler
<Content>All the good reviews are true This is a great hotel--modern, stylish, clean, great location, and can find great rates online. The only negative is that it doesn't have a gym.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sirix42
<Content>Very centrally located We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and were very pleased with our choice. The hotel was less than a 5-minute walk from the Shinjuku Station and close to everything (shops, restaurants, etc). Although the rooms were a bit tiny as are all Tokyo hotel rooms I was told, they were very clean. The lobby was nicely designed with modern decor; very stylish and chic. Overall, we had a wonderful time staying at the Sunroute Plaza.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>cinnamon808
<Content>Convenient  This was our first trip to Japan and this hotel was our first accommodation. We took the airport limousine bus (3000 yen pp) which drops you off directly at the hotel, which made it very convenient with luggage. The first bus leaves for this hotel at 2:15pm so if you arrive much earlier you can always take the train. The hotel is within a short walking distance to the Shinjuku train station, department stores, eateries and more. One can easily take the trains to major areas and they come by frequently. We actually purchased the SUICA cards (2000yen inc. 500 yen refundable deposit per card) for our train use in Tokyo and the surrounding districts. The SUICA was very handy for scanning at gates instead of always buying a ticket and funds can always be reloaded in increments at the ticket vending machines. These cards were also useful during our stay in Kyoto as we could use the JR local lines there as well. We did have the buffet breakfast at the hotel since it was included with our room and it was a very decent spread of both Western and Japanese dishes. The buffet costs about $15 per person but if this is too much there are cafes and other places to eat nearby (inc. McDonalds  KFC). There is a nice guest lounge on the 2nd floor with TV and internet. We were lucky enough to stay in a standard twin non smoking room which averaged about 248 square feet- quite roomy by Japanese standards. There are other much smaller single and double rooms which looked to have little to no extra space from what we could tell. Our room had a desk with a nice flat screen TV,(Japanese stations only) a small closet with some hangers, iron press, two drawer dresser, sitting chair, refrigerator, teapot, tea, sleepwear with comfy slippers and a view of some office buildings. The bathroom had quite a few amenities from the toilet with bidet, hairdryer, razor, toothbrushes and toothpaste, cotton swabs (black ones!), comb and brush, shampoo, conditioner and body soap. If you do want a little extra comfort and don't mind paying a little more for a twin room than I would recommend it. The staff was always courteous and spoke and understood English well enough that we had no problems. They were even kind enough to fill out some forms for us in Japanese so we could forward our luggage to Kyoto, which arrived the very next day as planned-wow! Overall the hotel has a fantastic location near all the action and lights but far enough away to relax and settle after a busy day of sightseeing. We would not hesitate to stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>jeninbrighton
<Content>Great hotel and incredible value! This place is a gem - it's smack dab in the center of one of the best areas of Tokyo to stay. It's so close to Shinjuku station, and right next door to one of the subways. It's not a luxury hotel, but not a budget hotel - somewhere in between. For æ‹¢70/night though, it really couldn't be beat in Tokyo for the quality and location. They give you shiseido shampoo and conditioner in the room, and toothbrushes (all Japanese hotels give you toothbrushes - don't bother packing them!)The main lobby is nice looking, and staff speak English (despite me trying to speak Japanese to them). There is free internet in a guest lounge, and a nice bar. We didn't try breakfast in the restaurant as it's not included, and there is a nice little cafe down the street called Miyajama(?) which does a cheap breakfast. We stayed twice, at the beginning of our holiday we opted for the standard size room (the bigger one) because we were there for 4 days. On the second stay, we were only there for 1 night, so we took the economy room - which was only a little smaller. Stay here!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SmileighGirl
<Content>Excellent Location, Excellent Value       Lounge Area  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>misterbitterpants
<Content>Great Home Base for Exploring Tokyo We stayed at this hotel for almost two weeks recently and found it to be a fantastic location for getting out and about to explore Tokyo. Its only a few minutes walk from the busiest train station in Tokyo so you can get to pretty much anywhere. The Shinjuku neighbourhood is also pretty great with tons of shops and restaurants.The hotel itself is nice and clean with helpful staff. The rooms are tiny but we were prepared for that. Everything was in good shape and were contemporary. Not quite boutique but better than the generic stuff you usually find.If I had to make one complaint its that the free internet is not wifi. And the two free computers to use in the lounge are constantly busy.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>amywong71
<Content>Excellent choice My husband and I stayed there for 4 consecutives. The hotel is very well-located in Shinjuku. Walking distance to all the major department stores. Subway entrance is just next to the hotel. JR line station is not more than 10 mins walk. Can be reached by airport shuttle door-to-door (less frequent). Or, take another more frequent scheduled airport shuttle or train to Shinjuku Station then another 10 mins walk. If you want to visit Disneyland, the Disneyland shuttle station is only 10 mins away. Room is small (but that is what one should expect in Tokyo). Yet, it is clean and with all essential amenities. Internet is free. Water is hot and strong enough. Air-con functions well. We will definitely stay there again when we visit Tokyo.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>mr420
<Content>Great stay in Tokyo. Will come back and stay again. Stayed in the Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku for seven nights for my first time in Tokyo. This hotel was a big reason for my trip being so great. All of the hotel staff were very helpful, polite, and professional and spoke good english. Had no problems with check in/out. They gave me an umbrella to use when raining. The lounge on the second floor was very nice. It has a large TV, big sofas, free computers, free water, hot chocolate, tea and coffee, and many nice books and magazines. I didn't try any of the hotel restaraunts or bars (but they looked very good). Rooms were a little small, but had a super comfortable feel and very clean. Nice TV, kettle, tea, fridge, slippers. A big, very comfortable bed. The bathroom was the biggest surprise. It had the best shower of any hotel I have ever stayed in. A large fog free mirror in front of the sink. Toilet with bidet. Nice soap, shampoo, conditioner. Plus razors, q-tips, comb and brush, and toothbrush and toothpaste all in a basket on the counter.  The location is great, as noted in other reviews (especially for tokyo first timers). Shinjuku station is a short walk away. The Oeda and Shinjuku lines have a staion pretty much outside the hotel front doors. I used these two convieniant lines much of the time. I don't know how I got such a great deal on the hotel. This is probably the best deal you can get in Tokyo. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Tokyo. I enjoyed Tokyo so much I want to go as soon as possible. I 100% agree with an earlier review and say Just stay here  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hawaiiboundToronto
<Content>New, clean hotel This hotel was wonderful. Although the rooms are small - typical of Japan, the location certainly made up for it. Location really close to the Shinjuku train station - easy access for everywhere! The lounge was a great touch - equipped with 2 computers free for guest use and large TV. There were free hot beverages available in the lounge too - nice!!!! I would stay here for sure next time!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chiliapple
<Content>Excellent Value, Superb Location I booked this hotel based solely on the reviews on TripAdvisor. I must say I'm glad I did! The hotel is new, so everything is squeaky clean and there are no funky stains or smells to be found :-)The room was narrow. With 2 cabin-size trolley luggage pieces and one medium one on the floor, there was not much to walk on around the bed. The bed was a king-size and comfortable. The room was also very quet. There wasn't an interesting view outside the window, but this didn't matter to us.There was cable TV with no english channels, but it was entertaining to check out TV commercials, cooking shows,l documentaries, even in Japanese.There was a small fridge in the room, an electric kettle with bags of Japanese green tea, and cups so you can fix yourself some any time of day. Further, there was a vending machine room across our front door that had a good selection of drinks (alcoholic,non-alcoholic) --- also reasonably priced compared to the vending machines and convenience stores across the street and elsewhere in the city.The bathroom was clean and well-stocked with the necessary amenities (yes, ladies, shampoo and conditioner are separate!). There was a fresh smelling yukata (cotton bath robe) for each of the occupants laid on the bed every night.The location cannot be beat! There was a Toei subway station just outside the hotel. Purchase a reloadable Suica/Pasmo card so you can use any station with no hassle. Further away is the main JR Shinjuku station about three long staircases away. We used the Narita Express inbound, and the Airport Bus Limousine outbound because it will be difficult to lug all our heavy luggage up the stairs to the station, through the station gates, and down to the trains again. The Airport Limo bus has a stop at the Plaza Shinjuku so it's super convenient. Shopping and eats are just a 5-10 minute walk away.The hotel staff does not speak much English, so it is challenging, but they are helpful and will attempt to assist you with anything you need. A+++ for effort!We paid less than USD500 for a 4-night stay, booked thru Expedia (breakfast not included). Fantastic value! Will definitely stay at this hotel again when in Tokyo.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AmelieVancouver
<Content>Great Experience at Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku! Just got home to Canada after a 6 night stay at this hotel. The entire hotel has been very nicely renovated and is in a terrific part of Shinjuku. Shinjuku Station is not exactly next door to the hotel, but is only a block away at a large intersection (which is where we conveniently caught the limo bus back to Narita). However, there is an entrance to the same station right next door to the hotel, so depending on which line you want to take, it is really convenient. Our room (1129) was smaller by North American standards but was extremely comfortable with a queen size bed, desk area, chair, tv, etc. No electrical adapters are required for North American appliances. The room provides:Heat/Air ConditioningAlarm clockPhoneIroning/Steam boardFlashlightHangersLAN wire for in-room internetElectric kettle, green tea, cups, etc.Laundry bagsGoofy nightshirts and slippersToilet with all the bells and whistles (bidet, etc)Hair dryerShampoo, conditioner, liquid shower soap - all in large bottlesShiseido foaming face washBath sponges, toothbrushes, toothpaste, razors, hairbrushes, Q-tipsShorter but deep tub with showerAn awesome bathroom mirror that de-fogs no matter how steamy your showerEach floor has a room with an ice machine and vending machines selling drinks, beer, nuts, etc. International newspapers are provided on each floor by the elevator.The restaurant on the main floor has a great buffet breakfast from 6:00 am to 10:00 am at 1500 yen a person which is much less than most other hotels I've been to. We didn't eat there other than at breakfast, but note that a small draft beer at its bar is 500 yen. A Coke is 600 yen...(which we couldn't figure out).We also checked out the bar on the 2nd floor which opens at 5:00 pm. Wine is expensive, but draft beer is in the same neighborhood as the restaurant downstairs. The bar itself is intimate and really nice. It was a good place to rest our feet after a long day of walking if we just wanted a nightcap instead of painting the town red.Area-wise, the hotel is in a great location, and the North American 'emergency' amenities are all on the same block (am/pm, McDonalds, Starbucks, etc).Lastly, the staff at the hotel were all extremely helpful and friendly, from the desk staff to those cleaning our room each day. We highly recommend this hotel to anyone! :D  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TreatTracker
<Content>Incredible Value for the Money Fantastic location, impeccably clean, relatively big bathrooms given the room size, friendly and helpful service, and even a set of matching sleep shirts. Real attention to detail. And free wireless! Can't beat it for the price.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carolinethea
<Content>Good value for money in a fantastic location We stayed in the Sunroute Plaza for a three day stop over in Tokyo.The hotel was easy to find and offers excellent value for money. Rooms are a decent size, small compared to the US but average compared to other Asian or European hotels. That said, this hotel made better use of the space than many others we have stayed at in the past - clever places to put your suitcase, steam proof mirrors throughout the room and other small touches like this make a small room feel larger.But who comes to Tokyo to stay in their room? The hotel's best feature is, without a doubt, its location. It is moments away from Shinjuku station (both the JR and the underground lines) making it an ideal base for exploring the rest of Tokyo. It's also a short stroll to the neon district around Studio Alta with its many bars, shops and restaurants. The area also boasts one of Tokyo's finest tempura restaurants which is definitely worth a visit.In summary, if you want opulent luxury or plan on spending hours in your room, maybe look elsewhere. If you want a smart, clean, modern base from which to explore Tokyo; I genuinely don't think you could find anywhere better.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>OKY-JACE
<Content>Look no further, just stay here This hotel is great if you don't plan to spend much time in the hotel because the room is small, but the location is unbeatable. I wouldn't recommend trying to be sneaky and squeeze 3 people into a standard room. Paid about $120 per night booking off Expedia which isn't cheap, but not expensive either. I do a lot of travelling in Asia and the IMHO, the quality is above average for what you pay for. There's a lift to the subway Oedo line (takes you to many of the tourist sights) next to the entrance of the hotel which is a big bonus. If you're taking the Narita Express (free with Japan Railpass), then there are some trains that stop at Shinjuku JR which is also 5 minutes from the hotel. You really can't go wrong staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>natAust
<Content>Great location After researching directions on the internet before our arrival, we found this hotel very easy to get to from the train station. Just a 5-10min walk. It was extremely central to the shopping/dining district, just 5mins from the main intersection where the station was. (A note; the area was mostly full of businessmen at night, so we found it hard to find a restaurant at times that wasn't full, and it was rare to find an English menu too). The hotel reception area was lovely, as was the guest lounge (with seats/plasma/internet) and the bar on level 2. The hotel was secure with key swipe access required for the guest lounge and elevator. The rooms were very small but comfortable, with house keeping making over the room each day (providing fresh sleepwear and towels). There was a small cupboard, mini fridge and plasma, toiletries/hairdryer etc were also supplied. The paid movies were expensive though at 1000yen a go and not a great selection of films to choose from either.Overall it was comfortable and in a perfect location.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>marcusfocus
<Content>Great Location Stayed for 5 nights and was a great place to base ourselves for sightseeing in and around Tokyo. It is right next to the main station in Tokyo and is located very close to all the shops, restaurants and bars of Shinjuku.The rooms were quite small but the hotel was very good value. It was also extremely clean. I used the laundry service too which was good although not cheap. They have a small parking garage but the attendance would always reserve our space if we wanted to use the car.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Me001
<Content>Great Location       Double Non-Smoking Room  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>maatiisan
<Content>My first "home" in Tokyo This hotel will be the only hotel you stay in when you visit Tokyo. The location is it's best feature. It is across the street from Shinjuku Station, in the heart of the city of Shinjuku. Walking distance from anything and everything you will want or need. Shopping, dining, touring, are all within a few blocks of the hotel. If you need essentials, there is a 24 hour convenience store just across the street, and a 24 hour McDonalds a few shops down. Major shopping malls and sites are scattered all around the hotel. The Government Building with 2 free observation towers are a few blocks away. And the infamous Kabuki-cho district is just a 10 minute walk away. But aside from all of that, the hotel is top notch. The service is excellent! Very good English speaking front desk. Restaurant and room service staff will go out of their way to help you. And the hotel's looks alone are beautiful. The lobby, the layout, and just the overall building is perfect. My favorite was the laundry service. I needed it during my 2 week stay. And yes, the whole 2 weeks was spent in the same hotel. This hotel will not disappoint. I joined their membership program because I know I will stay with them whenever I go back to Tokyo.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChilipadiYan
<Content>Superb location       The corridor leading to the rooms  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>subee8
<Content>Perfect place This hotel was perfect for our stay in Tokyo. The rooms are small but provide all amenities. It's extremely clean and up to date in every way. The lobby is lovely. There is free internet in the guest lounge for all guests. The location is nice because it's 5 minutes from the train station but not located in the neon area of Shinjuku; so it's quiet. The Veloce coffeeshop across the street was great for good coffee and muffin at reasonable prices.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>kinezos
<Content>Fantastic Value for Tokyo First time to Tokyo and after a lot of searching and being somewhat bewildered by the choice and size of the city was recommended this hotel.After a flight into Narita and the long ride into town, the hotel did not disappoint. Great service, very friendly reception staff with excellent English, nice lobby, clean/spotless rooms and a good location in Shinjuku.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>travel0
<Content>Totally impressed!! After an epic 12 hr flight and the hour and a half by bus to get to Tokyo from Narita airport I was not only impressed but also relieved to find out that our hotel was exactly what it was like as per the previous reviews of the hotel and as per the hotels website. The hotel is located in the heart of Shinjuku which is one of Tokyo's busiest districts. The Airport Limosine makes its last stop at the hotel itself and right to the front door. The cost of the Airport Limosine is 3000 yen PP and tickets can be bought at the conter just before extiing the arrivals exit. The entrance of the hotel and the lobby are nothing less than modern looking and inviting. The hotel staff were very pleasant and spoke enough english for all my inquiries. Safety was a priority as you do need your key card to access the elevator and there is a security guard on site 24 hrs per day. Once you reach your floor you will find your room to be smaller than the north american average but everything is very neatly designed and immaculate. Please note that in the economy double room there were no dressers so we had to live out of our suitcases. The bathroom was a full bathroom and the shower pressure was fabulous...especially after that long flight. No need to bring most toiletries here as lots is provided for you: toothbrush/toothpaste, brush, q-tips,bath sponge. The shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and hand/face soap were provided in large pump bottles and were replaced almost everyday. A fresh pair of pyjamas and slippers were provided on our made-up bed every night and the bedding was stripped daily. A trouser press and a mini fridge also provided. The fridge however was really tiny and big enough for a few soft drinks. Safety deposit boxes are available to guests at the front desk without charge. Vending machines on every floor including ice machines. Free daily paper too. T.V. is mostly Japanese and Chinese but there is CNNJapan and you might get an American movie and all you have to do is change the language on your remote control.All guests have access to the lounge which is situated on the second floor. There you will have a big screen television, free internet access (two computers) and complimentary tea, coffee, hot chocolate and spring water to fill up you water bottles before a long day of sight seeing. The hotel restaurant serves mostly Italian fare for lunch and dinner but does serve a buffet breakfast for approx. 1400 Yen PP and comprises of Japanese and western style food. Should try at least once but a good stand by for us was the McDonalds right next door for an egg mcmuffin to go before our early morning tours. There's a bar on the second floor and is great for after a day of sightseeing. Grab a drink and have a snack. I had a beer and a pizza and it hit the spot. I had my 13 year old with me so i'm assuming that they let kids into the bar as well. If you want to book tours from the hotel the staff will give you a bunch of brochures and it will be up to you to call the companies to book the tours yourself but what we did is we went to the Century South Tower Hotel right acroos the street and the staff booked all the tours for us and handed us vouchers and the tour buses picked us up from there. Please note that the lobby for that hotel is on the 20th floor. We took the all day tours to Mt. Fuji and NIkko. Really worth it and great opportunity for picture taking. The location of the Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku was amazing. The hotel is slightly tucked away in a sort of business district away from the craziness of the Shinjuku streets but is a two minute walk to all of the action. The South entrance to the metro is literally right next door to the hotel entrance. Shinjuku station is the busiest station in the world with 3.5 million people passing through there each day. If you have small children and are passing through this station during rush hour please watch them like a hawk!! The metro station attendants are really nice and helpful. Communication may be a bit difficult if you don't speak Japanese but we found that hand gestures were effective. The metro system is a bit confusing at first with its 13 metro lines and a train system. If you look lost enough eventually someone will approach you and try to help you out. The people in Japan were extremely nice even with the language barrier.Tons of places to eat, shop and explore in Shinjuku. There are three convenience stores alone just beside the hotel where you can get snacks and drinks. Just keep walking and you'll always find something new. At night the streets are all lit up with the neon signs. Vegas has nothing on this place at night!!There are many shopping malls in this area that include high end luxury stores.If you're planning to go to Disneyland Tokyo it couldn't be easier. There are shuttle busses from the New South Entrance of Shinjuku station where it will take approx. 1 hr to arrive at Disney. Price is 800 Yen PP one way and will drop you right at Disney's front entrance. The first shuttle is at 6:40 a.m. and Disney opens its doors at 8:00 a.m. and once you've had enough of that then you can take a shuttle back. There is one at 4:30, 6:45 p.m. and so on. The hotel will print you out a schedule.The Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku offers the best value for the money. The hotel offers exactly what you need and more and I will definately use this hotel if I every return to Tokyo and will not hesitate to recommend this hotel to family and friends. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>phdSwindon
<Content>Excellent value for Money First of all just a little more detail about finding the hotel. Exit Shinjuku station by the southern terrace exit and bear to the left. When you reach Krispy Kreme turn right down the stairs, or escalator, and head towards the bridge which crosses the road below. From the bridge you can see the hotel just to the right. Cross the bridge and you are within 30 yards of the hotel.Getting anywhere in Tokyo is very easy from the hotel, with the Oedo subway line station literally next door from the hotel and Shinjuku's other stations a few minutes walk away. We would recommend getting a Pasmo card which gives you access to all train routes in Tokyo. It stops the bother of having to buy a ticket at the beginning of every journey you take. The train system is very efficient and very reasonably priced.The hotel room was small as expected, but it was a really good to get back to an air conditioned spotlessly clean sanctuary after a busy day seeing the sites of the city.The breakfast in the hotel was reasonably priced and offered a good selection of Western and Japanese food. We ate breakfast a number of times but there are masses of options for eating within a few minutes walk of the hotel.The hotel lounge offers free drinks and internet access, which was available either immediately or after a short wait.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>abfp7905
<Content>Wonderful and Convenient Hotel!       View from my hotel room.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elyysa
<Content>Will definitely come back here I had a little trouble looking for this hotel location but with the help from information counter in Takashimaya mall, I found it. It's very important that once you reach Shinjuku Station, use the right exit or you will end up going in circle. Use New Southern Terrace exit. Once out of the exit go to the left and walk straight, you'll see starbuck. Keep walking until you see crispy creme on the left and u will go to the right (you will go through some stairs). Keep going down the stairs and you will see the hotel right in front of you.The check in time is 2 pm, since I arrived early I left my luggage at the check in counter and went for a walk. You can always ask for information from the hotel staff, they do speak english, they will provide you with map if needed. Room:The room is small but very tidy. The only down side was we got a room facing man's toilet. Not a very pleasant view. The hotel provide basic amenities like kettle, tv (flat screen), toiletries, they even provide clean slippers and sleeping robe (I don't know what it's called) everyday. Internet is free but bring your own laptop.Staff:I have to give credit to the staff because when my sister got really sick, they tried looking for doctor to come to our room personally (they searched from at least 10 hospitals) but no doctors were available that night. The next day they got us a cab and sent us straight to international catholic hospital (because this hospital has people who speak english). There is a big hospital next to this hotel but it is not opened to public on weekend!Access:From Shinjuku station, you can go almost everywhere. My destinations was Disneyland, Ghibli Museum, Nikko, Mt Fuji, Harajuku, Shibuya, Ginza, Akihabara etc. The main key is to find the right line. You can also find a lot of restaurants, convenient stores, pharmacy and malls around the hotel. For Muslim, if you wanted to find halal restaurant, this is a bit tricky. There are halal restaurants nearby but you will have to do a lot of walking at the backstreet (because that is how I found them).Going to the airport, contact the hotel staff to buy limosine bus ticket and to check the bus schedule. The bus will pick you up at the very front of this hotel.I love the location of this hotel. You can never go wrong with this hotel. I recommend this for first timer in Tokyo (like me). I wish to come back here if I had the chance.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sgpaperclip
<Content>Loved Hotel Sunroute Shinjuku It was a great stay. The hotel was conveniently located near Shinjuku station (we had a bit of problem finding it at first) but once out of the station, it was actually very easy to find the place. We were given a corner room and when we entered the room, the floor was covered with tatami (wow!). The room came complete with surround sound system and also a big LCD TV. The room was relatively large given that it is Japan we are talking about (where most hotel rooms are small). It was also meticulously clean, same for the bathroom. What impressed me was that the room came equipped with all the basic toiletries e.g. shower foam, facial form, shaving cream, shampoo and conditioner in big bottles and not mini packs like most hotels do =)))) - smells nice too. Our room did not come with breakfast, thus no comments. Overall I would recommend to stay at Hotel Sunroute Shinjuku and would go back and stay again if I visit Tokyo next time.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lazymi
<Content>A definite Gem       the path from the door to the bed's a tad too narrow, but good enough.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>WCC128
<Content>Everything as described in the Review This is our first time visiting Toyko. I read the tripadvisor review and made the decision on this hotel. Overall, we like this hotel's location, clean room, courtesy staffs and best value (~$100 a night thru Expedia after 30% discount). This is a business hotel in Tokyo and they do not have much on facilities like gym, pools, garden etc. The room is average size (standard double)but enough for two people. The tripadvisor reviews provided excellent insight on the hotel location, direction and conditions before we got there. There are plenty of restaurants near the Shinjuku stations, which is the busiest in Toyko. The convenient stores (like 7/11) and few noodle shops nearby operate 7x24.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>onedogcity07
<Content>Will stay here again The airport limo bus dropped us of in front of the hotel after an hour drive from Narita. The main lobby is very modern. Of the many people available for check-in, I noticed only 2 people who could speak fluent English. We had 2 rooms which were very clean and modern. Both rooms had ethernet cable for our laptops. There was a nice sized flat screen TV and a wide assortment of Japanese channels. There was a long desk along the window. This was also where the hot water pot, free tea, tea mugs, and mini refrigerator was located. My husband prefers coffee every morning so he bought a small jar of instant coffee at the 7-11 down the street.My husband  I had the room with the double bed which was a little on the small side. It did not have a closet or dresser. There was a clothes rod hung by the door with a few hangers which I used. My husband lived out of his suitcase. We had brought two 21 suitcases, anything larger would have made the room difficult to navigate around. My children (17, 20) had a room with 2 twin beds. Their room was a little larger and even had a small closet. I asked that their room be close to ours,  this was accomplished w/o any problems.This hotel is in a great location just 5 min. from the south exit of Shinjuku station. There are a lot of restaurants and shopping malls like Takashimaya Times Square, Odakyu, and Keio. These places also have large food markets if you just want to have a meal or dessert in your room. (They'll provide you w/ eating utensils if you ask.) We spent our first night walking the vibrant restaurant alleys a couple of blocks from the hotel. We paid $115 for the single and $140 for the double. We would definitely stay here again. The location, price and cleanliness of the room can't be beat .  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>HiHoHiHoRDU
<Content>Best value in Shinjuku I last stayed at the Sunroute about 10 years ago. It wasn't an especially good experience which is why I hadn't been back, but boy was I making a mistake. They've completely remodeled it and its far better than the hotel I stayed at. The room was typical size for Tokyo (very small), but the bed was quite comfortable (especially compared to the typical hard beds I'm used to in Japan), the furnishings in very good condition, the bathroom was spotless and in like new condition and the room had a 26 LCD TV with some HD channels. Free internet in the room (I used wired, but they might have wireless also). I didn't eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel. I paid only about $115 per night, which is great for Shinjuku. Only the Washington Hotel is cheaper and its no where near as nice. The location is also very good. Its less than a 5 min. walk from the JR Shinjuku station (about the same distance to the Tokyo subway Yoyogi station) to the hotel, but the hotel is very quiet. I would call this a 3 star hotel, but a very nice one. Check-in was very fast and check out was only seconds since I'd pre-paid through Travelocity. My only complaint is that the air conditioner controls are 100% Japanese so it was hard to figure anything out besides the temperature. You'd think that wouldn't be a problem, but there appears to be different settings for auto and always on and others because sometimes it just stayed on forever even though the room was cold.In comparison to other hotels I've stayed at in Shinjuku this is the best value by far. The Washington hotel rooms are smaller, older, and not as comfortable. The Prince Hotel rooms used to be more worn, but I hear they recently remodeled so maybe its OK but the location isn't as good. They charged for internet access the last time I stayed there and the price is slightly higher than the Sunroute. The Keio Plaza is very nice (bigger rooms, more English TV stations), but the price is about 2x the Sunroute.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geminitraveller
<Content>Highly Recommended       Bed of Economy Double Room with sleepwears  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>hellojacy
<Content>Exactly what I expected We stayed at the sunroute from jun 28th thru july 4th and thanks to all the helpful reviews from tripadvisor, we got exactly what we expected. We took the limousine bus, which was nice to see all the sites on the way to the hotel...It took about an hour and a half with a little traffic, but it was pretty convenient.Yes the rooms are tiny, but very clean and manageable. Only complaint is that our room was very humid, since the lights and ac only works when the card is in the key slot, but once the ac was on it was okay. Oh and don't lose your keycard b/c they charged us $5 for the one we lost. Loved the toilets! and they provide everything you need in the bathroom. They also give you one very soft and one very hard pillow.We tried the breakfast buffet the first day and it wasn't worth the money (about $15) and the food wasn't that tasty...I've had much better in other hotels and for $15 you have a lot of other options. Also, Starbucks, Krispy Kreme, McDonalds, AMPM (great sandwiches for real cheap), and lots of coffee shops are nearby.The computer lounge is great, but there will always be people waiting to use the computers. Use the southern terrace exit from the shinjuku subway station and its a 5 min walk to the hotel. If you use the south gate exit, there is a great ramen cart right in front of the exit (opens around 8pm) You really can't beat the location...its close enough to everything, but its still nice and quiet.Staff's english was quite good and they were pretty helpful. Overall, we had a lovely time and experience with the sunroute plaza shinjuku and a memorable time in Tokyo! Your too tired at the end of the nite anyway that all you need is a comfy bed.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>MOHSMD
<Content>Great Hotel: wonderful service, excellent location The hotel is strategically located across the stairs from the Southern Terrace of the Shinjuku station. If you take the Narita Express from the airport, take the Southern Terrace Exit which leads you to the escalator a few meters from the Hotel. Excellent base for exploring Tokyo and going to other cities like Kyoto. Well-kept room. Room size is bigger than some hotels in Europe. Provides free internet to guests. Helpful staff. Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lasardo
<Content>Perfect location This hotel was ideal for a first-time visit to Tokyo. The airport limo took us straight from Narita to the hotel, and was on time and fast both coming to the city and leaving. The hotel itself is in a great location: In the busy, lively Shinjuku but located on a relatively quiet sidestreet with a convenience store, restaurants and cafes nearby. The decor is very modern and sleek, and I would recommend the breakfast, especially if you're going to be needing a lot of energy for the rest of the day. The rooms are small, it's true, but it was enough space for two with not-too-much luggage. Nice TV in the room, as well, HDTV and lots of channels in many languages. Showers also had good pressure, and maids were consistent and efficient. Bonus: free newspapers in both English and Japanese, with helpful staff to boot.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Nerzie
<Content>Good Bargain, Great Locale I agree with the other reviews, small but comfortable rooms, pleasant staff, awesome location. I was just going to add some tips: the breakfast at the hotel is quite pricey. There is a nice affordable coffee shop across the street where you can get coffee or tea and pastries and sandwiches (cafe veloce). We ate there every morning and enjoyed our time among the folk - people watching. Also, you can bill the hotel restaurant meals to your room if you ask. The reason this was convenient was that we ran out of cash and the hotel won't cash traveller's checks for you but the citibank in the tower next door (19th floor) with do this for you.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>SeattleCrazyhair
<Content>Great location and price This hotel is in a really convenient location near the Shinjuku subway and JR stations. It is also located near lots of shopping and nightlife.The rooms are small, but pretty typical for Tokyo. The rooms are clean  nicely decorated and there are english movies on the pay per view (but they are not cheap). We had a smoking room (that was all that was left), but I didn't notice the odor in the room at all (but in the hallway, you could smell it).There is internet access in the guest lounge (second floor) which also has free coffee  cocoa. There is a breakfast buffet, it is pretty expensive and probably not worth it (unless you are a huge breakfast eater), since there are plenty of other options close-by (including the ubiquitous Starbucks). The airport bus picks up directly from the hotel, which is nice, but it doesn't leave that frequently. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>tommy1_d
<Content>A nice surprise This hotel was a very nice surprise. It often comes up as one of the cheapest options for a stay in Tokyo on sites such as Expedia or Orbitz, and for the price, it is a good deal.The rooms are on the smaller side, there is no closet in the rooms, just a few hangers, but they are still nicely done and the beds are the best I've tried so far in Tokyo for that price.The location is quite convenient, a 5 mn walk from Shijuku station. If you don't mind the size of the room, this is a great option if you can get it at a bargain price.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kingzen
<Content>Pleasant experience at Sunroute Plaza Great location and a very reasonable price. Hotel has a very funky, modern design and the room was very clean and comfortable. However, as with almost all Tokyo hotels, the room was incredibly small.The only think that was a little disappointing was their late check-out policy. We asked for a couple of hours allowance, and we were told we would have to join the Sunroute Group's loyalty program (which requires payment of a membership fee). This was useless to us because we only visit Japan occasionally. It would have been better to see some flexibility for foreign visitors.Overall I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>BeckR
<Content>Great Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Sunroute only a couple of weeks ago. It was a great hotel, and I loved staying there. The lobby and hallways are attractive and elegant. They have a guest lounge with TV, 2 computers with free internet use, and a free tea/coffee machine.The room was small, but that was expected in Tokyo. I booked an economy double via Expedia at a great deal (A$114 per night), which turned out to be what the Sunroute call a semi-double. This is a double bed (140cm wide) with about 2 metres around the edge of the bed, which had one side against the wall. This turned out to be fine, we just made sure to put our suitcases under the desk when we got ready in the morning. The room also had a fairly big TV with Japanese channels, plus one channel each in Chinese, Korean and English (CNN). But one of the Japanese channels often had English-language movies on at night, if you're interested. As for us, we didn't spend much time in the room.The bathroom was of a reasonable size, and really clean, with a shower-in-bath dealie, and those fabulous Japanese toilets with the warm seat etc. One thing I loved is that they provide you with just about everything you could need while travelling - toothbrushes, toothpaste, hairbrush, razor - plus, they have big pump-containers of shampoo, conditioer, bodywash and Shiseido face cleanser. You don't really have to bring a thing!The staff were very helpful and friendly. They allowed us to check in when we arrived a little earlier than the regular check-in time of 2pm. Many of them spoke English (but it helped that I knew how to ask in Japanese if they did), and 2 helped us by making reservations in Japanese to restaurants. And they allow you to leave your luggage if your flight leaves later in the day after you check out.The location of the hotel is great - the Shinjuku subway station is literally next door, and the JR Shinjuku station is only a 5 minute walk, where you can get the Narita Express to the airport, or any number of train lines if you have a JR Pass.I would highly recommend this hotel to travellers heading to Tokyo.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>cwcyenk
<Content>A satisfactory hotel I must admit that my review here may be a bit bias because I stayed at Ramada Osaka before coming to Tokyo and stayed in Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku for 2 nights and Ramada Osaka is absolutely fabulous.Overall, this hotel is not as good as Ramada Osaka (RO). The rooms are smaller, but also more pricy. The staff here are very friendly, but maybe not as friendly as in RO. There's no porter around to carry our heavy luggages to our room. In RO, they offer sweets to my kid while I did the check-in. But not in this hotel. Sometimes these little things makes a lot of difference.Location-wise, this hotel is an excellent choice for shoppers. Isetan and Takashimaya are just a short walk away. Also, it is a short walk from Shinjuku JR station. The entrance to the subway station is just outside the hotel. So it is also very convenient.There's plenty of restaurants around and a AM PM convenient store is just across the road.During my stay there, I have also experience the earthquake on the 14th June. I was on the 13th floor and I can feel the building swaying back and forth.Like I said, this hotel is actually not bad but because I was hugely impressed by Ramada Osaka, I may have expected too much from it.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>BlondishRen
<Content>Great hotel in great location for decent price My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in early June 2008. For our first trip to Tokyo, the Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku was fantastic. I booked online using lastminute.com, and got a decent rate. As we were arriving quite late from Melbourne, I contacted the hotel direct to make sure there would be someone on reception (struggled to find an email address on their website so ended up having to fax a note through). They got back to us via email the same day and confirmed everything would be fine, including our request for a non-smoking room on the top floor. We arrived in Tokyo a bit daunted by everything, our flight was an hour late, we were tired and miserable and my telephone call to the hotel from a payphone on the station platform at Narita to let them know we were running late went wrong when the person who answered couldn't speak English and I ran out of coins on hold. We arrived at Shinjuku station and found our way easily using the directions from a previous review (was so quick and easy and I wouldn't suggest you bother with a taxi unless you have more than one suitcase, it's pouring with rain or struggle with stairs). By the time we reached the hotel it was nearly 11pm, but reception was still open and check in was a breeze - we never had a problem and all the staff we spoke to were fluent in English.Room itself was very small but super clean, bed was comfortable and a decent size (we booked a standard double which had a queen size bed). It was very quiet, being both on a quiet street and on the 14th floor which I was very impressed with for central Tokyo. The slippers and night shirts were a nice touch, although I suspect like us, everyone that stays there dresses up in them and takes pictures as they are not particularly attractive. My husband immediately fell in love with the amazing toilet in the bathroom with functions we'd never seen before, and we used the lovely toiletries provided in the room, been looking everywhere to buy the sort of sponges they provide in the room since we got back as they were excellent. The room had a small desk and a fridge in the corner and a kettle, but only green tea rather than the usual western tea/coffee facilities. We stocked up from the am/pm convenience store directly across from the hotel. The TV had only 1 English channel (CNN) although apparently you can buy movie channels, we never bothered.Guest lounge was good with 2 computers with free internet access and a free automated coffee machine. We never made it to the 2nd floor bar when it was open, but did try out the restaurant and bar downstairs for dinner and found both to offer very good Italian fare. Both had English menus and English speaking staff which was something we didn't find in many places around Tokyo.In the area directly around the hotel, there is a Starbucks on the walk from the station, a McDonalds a few doors down from the hotel if you get fed up of sushi, and a lot of bars and the Shinjuku neon district about a 10 minute walk from the hotel which I can highly recommend as a fun night out. There is also an ATM cash machine in the building next door to the hotel which takes foreign debit and credit cards, it was the only one we found in Tokyo in English and was very convenient once we discovered it. Before we booked this hotel, I was trying to decide whether it was worth paying twice as much for the Hotel Southern Century Tower across the road (it's literally across the road), and I'm glad to say we saved the money. Both have a great location next to Shinjuku JR station and the metro stations in Shinjuku, both are on a quiet street and both have restaurants and bars - I would stay here again in an instant as I think it is one of the best value hotel rooms in Tokyo. We travelled to the hotel on the Narita Express, and travelled back to the airport on the Limousine Bus directly from our hotel, and I have to say I think the bus was easier and more convenient. Price wise the train was slightly more expensive and was not much faster, although did go more frequently. If you get in at a reasonable hour at Narita, then I would suggest the bus is probably the easiest choice except during rush hour when the Express train might be quicker.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>bernard30
<Content>Superb value       View from room  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chop04
<Content>sunroute plaza shinjuku-stay there stayed here for 6 days and its right what everyone says about it,great location,clean modern hotel,staff very helpfull,use southern terrace to get there,i know everyone says use south exit but this saves you crossing road.ampm over the road,mcdonalds up the road.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rachkiwi
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel We stayed here at the beginning of our 2 week trip in May. Getting to the hotel from Narita was easy, the Narita Express stopped at Shinjuku which is a 5min walk from the hotel (take the Sthern Terrace Exit, head left and then first left. Hotel is on your right 2mins down the road)The lobby is smart and the staff speak EnglishThe room was tiny but we were expecting this. We booked an economy double. The only complaint was that the pillows were really uncomfortable. Like rocks.The bathroom was a decent size and clean (compared with business hotels we stayed in later in the trip)The location is the main attraction. 5mins walk to Shinjuku and the madness of the neon lights, bars, restaurants and malls. Shinjuku is one of the main train hubs. Direct lines to Roppongi, Harujuku, the Fish Markets, Narita Airport etcWe walked down to Harujuku through the park one day which was a pleasant stroll.Would recommend this as a place to base yourself in Tokyo  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>GONZALEZLima
<Content>100% Recomended We followed the Trip Advisor as usual and we find a great hotel in Tokyo, affordable rates, great toiletts, adequate room and excellent location very close to Shijuku Station. You can find around many restaurants, JR  subway stations and major stores as Takashimaya  Yodobashi.You can access to this hotel from Narita Airport using The Friendly Limosine Bus for 3,000 Yen that is very convenient.Front Desk staff is vey friendly and Hotel is very new.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bugs75
<Content>Outstanding Value       Hotel lobby  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yeahyeahmelmel
<Content>Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku is Supreme This hotel was an absolute gem in the heart of Tokyo. It's location simply can't be beat. Five minutes away from JR Shinjuku and countless Tokyo metro lines, it provides great accesibility to all other parts of the city. 10 minutes away is the neon-lined streets of Tokyo that you see in movies. The staff spoke English and was very friendly and accomodating. I would expect to pay much more for this hotel than what we did. I would recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a gorgeous hotel with a prime location in Shinjuku.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greggs78
<Content>Great place to stay in Shinjuku Got a great deal on hotels.com for 3 nights in May. This hotel is one of the stops for the Narita airport limo bus service which makes it very convenient when arriving into Tokyo. The location at Shinjuku is excellent as its near the massive train station that will take you anywhere in the city. The hotel is new which was one of the reasons I chose to stay here. Room is tiny and crammed especially when sitting at the desk working on my laptop, with free internet access! However the room size didn't matter to me as I was busy exploring Tokyo most of the day. Theres plenty of eateries and shopping in the area so you'll never be bored or go hungry. I highly recommend this hotel when visiting Tokyo and will definitely go back again.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Kerouac72
<Content>Rockin' Location I've just returned from a weeks stay at the Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku and I couldn't fault it. As the other reviews have stated, yes the rooms are small but you have to put it into perspective. Most rooms in Tokyo (unless you want to pay mega dollars at the Park Hyatt) are not much more than shoeboxes! The Sunroute is centrally located, is within 5 minutes walk of Shinjuku station and has a good selection of Western and Japanese food options in the area.If you're after all the bells n' whistles...a huge room service menu, day spa, multiple channel TV, gym, concierge...then this isn't for you. On the other hand if you're after a clean, contemporary and well priced hotel with friendly English speaking staff then this is the go. Make sure you check out the guest lounge area on the second floor. A great free coffee/tea machine and internet access along with comfortable lounges. The bar on the second floor is also cool.The other advantage of the Sunroute Plaza (and this may also apply to other hotels) is that the Limousine Bus to Narita Aiport stops right out the front. It costs about Y3000 and was for me, the easiest way out to the airport. A two minute walk across the road (behind the Hotel Century) there are new Starbucks and Krispy Kreme. Personally I'm not a fan but others reading this may want to know. There's also a McDonalds on the way to Shinjuku station. My advice is to avoid these and try some of the street fare nearby...the noodles and the yakitori are excellent. Or you could grab some Japanese rice crackers and some cold Asahi from the AM/PM across the road and watch hilarious Japanese game show TV. I had a great experience at this hotel and will stay here again next time I'm in Tokyo. Have a great time.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happy52Ireland
<Content>Exceptional Location - 5 minute walk from the south or south terrace exit of shinjuku station. Approx. 20 min walk to Yoyogi Park. Decent restaurants in close proximity. 20 minute walk to studio alta.Does not get much better than that in Tokyo.Hotel - A wonderful modern hotel with facilities to cater for all basic needs. The hotel is well furnished and while the rooms are small - its still very comfortable. The staff were very helpful and had perfect english. Its more than an average business hotel - its quite stylish.Price - Semi-Double room éˆ§?0 a night. Found that price to be very resonable considering the location and standardOverall - I initially had planned 4 nights in this hotel - I ended up staying 9. Upon my 2nd checkin I was given a loyalty card which entitled me to have and extra 2 hours prior to required check out.Very pleasing stay  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gracie_Pug
<Content>Fab hotel close to all the action We loved this hotel. It's perfect for exploring Tokyo and is a short walk from Shinjuku station that connects you to everywhere else. It's also close to Shibuya and Harajuku for fashion, people watching and great shops.Only thing I would say is that we booked through Expedia and they call the rooms 'Economy doubles'. When we arrived we realised the hotel calls them 'Semi-doubles' and that says everything. They really are small! But if you're going to Tokyo you'd be rather sad to want to spend loads of time in your hotel room! The staff are fantastic and the airport bus stops outside (Book at reception the day before for the return trip for 3,000 yen).There's free internet access on the second floor lounge which is handy if you don't want to drag a laptop to the other side of the world.My boyfriend proposed on this trip and we certainly felt we were staying in a memorable hotel! We'd def go back.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TNHKG
<Content>Excellent Stay I stayed in this hotel on May 1-4. It's a very new hotel and locates at an excellent location. You can't miss it if you want to stay in Shinjuku with resonable room rate. 5mins walk from Shinjuku station (south gate) and 10mins walk to the main shopping district. Even though the hotel including hotel room is small, it has everything you need..... toiletries, super high-definition LCD TV, free internet, free business centre (guest lounge), good service, excellent staff, shuttle limo bus to airport. A highly recommended stay!!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funnymui
<Content>Funny Mui       Bathroom  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>konadays
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights at the end of April. Except for the small size I couldnéˆ¥æª› have wanted for anything better in this price range. The room was very neat, clean, and the dèŒ…cor was extremely pleasant. There are slippers, razor, toothbrushes, hairbrushes, bath sponges, soap, shampoo, hair conditioner, and something that was either a light robe or a nightshirt (Iéˆ¥æª“ not sure) for your use. The room had an internet connection and for those who donéˆ¥æª› travel with a computer there were two computers with complementary internet access available in the second floor guest lounge (which also had free coffee and tea). There were no closets in our double room but there were 4 or 5 hangers with a place to hang things on the wall by the door. Having no closet space to put our luggage in put a bit of a strain in the available walking around spaces. For two nights it was no big deal. The staff was courteous and helpful.We arrived at the Shinjuku station after a 2.5 hour bullet train ride into Tokyo from Kobe. Upon exiting the train I immediately understood why other reviews emphasized how easy it is to get lost. I followed the directions in another review and had no problems getting out and finding the hotel. So, if you arrive via the Shinjuku station look for the South exit (or Southern Terrace) sign(s). When you get to the sidewalk cross the street and turn right. Walk to the first street and cross. Then turn left and the hotel is about a block and é™† down the street. If you are leaving Tokyo via Narita airport you can catch an airport bus for about US$ 30 per person (one way) that will pick you up at the hotel and take you to your terminal at the airport. You can catch that same bus at the Shinjuku station with a wider variety of pick up times but you have to drag your luggage with you. You can also catch a JR train at the station but I think the cost to the airport is higher. The trade off is how much rush hour traffic you want to sit trough in the bus. We used the bus from the hotel and got to the airport in plenty of time.If you donéˆ¥æª› want to spend big $$ for dinner try shopping at the food court in the nearby Takashimaya Times Square or under the Lumine1 (in the Shinjuku station). We bought dim sum, sushi, dessert, and a soft drink (for 2) for about $US 20. There are plenty of places to buy prepared foods but not to sit down and eat them so we just brought it back to our hotel room and feasted.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Femaletravelor
<Content>Great Location Stayed for one night, a bit pricey for traveler, but quite luxurious for a Japanese hotel. Great location, within walking distance from JR Shinjuku station, and major shopping mall such as Takashimaya Town Square.I wouldn't suggest it for those who're staying for transit only (I would suggest business hotels instead).Breakfast is good, great variation from continental to Japanese style.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Juan45
<Content>A very good choice I booked this hotel based on the reviews and was very pleased. I hadn't been to Tokyo before and went to visit my son who is working there. We shared a room for two nights and I was pleasantly surprised at the size of it, having read a lot of comments about the smallness of the rooms - maybe we got an upgrade.We chose the train option from Narita, which seemed to take forever. I subsequently realised that my impecunious son had bought us the slow train tickets rather than the express, although the price difference was negligible. Although the hotel is in walking distance, if you have any significant baggage it's worth taking a taxi - only 700 odd yen - and although we selected the right exit (there are very many) it's far from obvious which direction to walk in.Shinjuku station is supposed to be the biggest or busiest in the world, and I can well believe it, especially at rush hour. The reception staff made us very welcome - some of them have limited English, but we got by well enough. The whole place is spotlessly clean and efficient and the breakfast was good.There's no natural centre to Tokyo, so to say it's a good location rather depends on where you are going, but it suited us well enough. The metro is so efficient it doesn't matter much anyway.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>willrmc
<Content>Excellent Value and Service Just got back from staying here and everything was perfect. Hotel was much nicer than what I was expecting. Hotel was very clean and modern with easy access to Shinjuku station and the rest of Tokyo. Rooms had free wired high speed internet and hdtv. Rooms were on the smaller side, but very good value for the money. Staff were extremely polite and spoke perfect English.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>porterj
<Content>Great value and location Hotel was very nice, especially for a single traveler. Very close to Shinjuku train station. Room was good sized. Bar/restaurant on first floor decent and inexpensive. The bar on the second floor was more expensive. Easy to get lost coming out of train station. Go out the south exit. Take a right. Take left at the first street (there is a McDonalds at the corner). Hotel is down about a half a block on the right.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Dayspring
<Content>Great Location, Quiet, and Comfortable I read many of the reviews of this hotel and they are spot on. We were even more impressed with the overall quality of this hotel when we arrived. The only surprise was that our Double Standard  room was very small indeed. I suppose this is expected in Japan, but it was still hard for us Westerners to get used to. Nevertheless, we enjoyed the amenities in the room including the refrigerator, toilet, excellent shower, and complementary toiletries. You have Tokyo's most beautiful parks within easy walking distance. Shinjuku Chuo Park near the goverment buildings is beautiful, the blossoms in Shinjuku Gyoen were spectacular, and if you like to jog, I reccommend making a right turn out of the hotel and heading south toward Yoyogi park. Absolutely beautiful.We ate breakfast every morning at the hotel where the price was very reasonable, and they had both a traditional Japanese breakfast, and western breakfast complete with eggs, cereal, potatoes, bacon, and fruit and granola.We also had one dinner at the restaurant, and it was quite good.There is also a really nice lounge room with comfortable couches, wide screen tv, two computers with printer, and a free coffee/tea/hot chocolate machine that made decent coffee.Not much of a view from our room, but we didn't really care since what little time we spent there we slept. Great rate for such a fine hotel right the heart of Tokyo. I would highly recommend this hotel.Follow the directions in another review about how to find the hotel. Out the south exit, across the sidewalk, turn right, go to light and look left, and you can see the hotel.Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Louise101
<Content>A great base for exploring Tokyo We stayed here during a 2 night stop over in Japan. We took public transport from the airport to Shinjuku station. Shinjuku station can be quite confusing as there are many exits, however a friendly local saw we were looking a bit lot and directed us to the hotel which was only a 5 minute walk. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and spoke good English. We didn't make use of many of the facilities at the hotel but there looked a nice restaurant. Our room was fairly small but comfortable. There was free internet access in the room if you bring a laptop which was very useful for us. You can walk easily to shops and restaurants from the hotel. Shinjuku station has many train lines so you can easily explore other areas of Tokyo.The airport limousine bus can pick you up from the hotel which we found was cheaper than the fastest train we took from the airport upon arrival. Overall we enjoyed our stay and would definitely visit again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>BoysInNY
<Content>Great Location in Shinjuku       Other Side of Room  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>aperea
<Content>Unbelievable hotel! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!       Bathroom  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Makena07
<Content>Best Value - Great Stay We arrived by train from Narita to Toyko, transfered to Tokyo metro, and got off at the Shinjuku Station (yes, this is the busiest station where they have pushers to get people onto trains during rush hour). Once we got our bearings and figured out how to walk the three blocks to the hotel (the train station is HUGE), we were really impressed with the cleanliness and fittings of our room. While small (like European hotels) compared to American standards, the room had a really comfortable queen bed, with great pilows - all the bathroom amenities, yukata robes, slippers and hot water for green tea, right in our room. The room was quiet, and immaculate. We really liked the $15 buffet breakfast downstairs- it gave us a chance to have cereal AND japanese breakfast. The check-in was attentive and fast, though no luggage porters were fussing over us, as in other hotels (although we had light luggage). The location was perfect - close to the department shores, the yakitori restaurants under/at Shinjuku station, Shinjuku nightlife and the Golden Gai.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jkps
<Content>Fantastic hotel in a perfect location We stayed at this hotel for three nights and had an amazing experience. The staff were incredibly helpful for any problem, there was a business center with two computers and the restaurant on the first floor had a large buffet breakfast. The hotel was only a few minutes from Shinjuku station so you could easily access the whole city, and there was plenty of places to eat or grab a quick bite at the local convenience stores. Of course, this was a hotel in Japan so the room was expectedly small and smelled of smoke, but that holds true for nearly every hotel, bar or restaurant in Japan.Highly recommend this place and would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>treeandkoala
<Content>Definitely would stay again.. We stayed at the Hotel Sunroute Shinjuku Plaza for a total of 8 nights in March 2008. The hotel has an excellent location. First of all, it is a designated stop for the Airport Limousine from Narita Airport, especially important and convenient if you are not a light traveller! Also, its location from the Shinjuku station makes it an ideal base for excursions throughout Tokyo. The rooms themselves are extremely clean, though a tad small and the bathrooms are decently-sized by Tokyo standards. It also comes equipped with a fog-free mirror, heated toliet seats, bidet and many free Shiseido amenities (shampoo, conditioner, face wash, body wash etc.) The large plasma TV was quite a surprise, given the relatively compact room. 1000 Yen buys you 24-hours worth of movies if you don't like the free channels. Free internet, printer and hot drinks are available at the guest lounge located on the 2nd floor. We found this especially useful when checking weather forecasts and the location of certain attractions during our stay. Service was impeccable, with counter staff able to speak adequate English to address our needs. On the whole, this hotel would definitely be our choice for accomodation when we next visit Tokyo.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jen0812
<Content>Toyko-tastic This is a modern, very fresh hotel in a good location. Its very close to Shinjuku Station (trains and subway) and a walkable distance from East Shinjuku for going out at night. You can get the Narita Express train to Shinjuku Station and basically walk to the hotel from there, although Shinjuku Station is a little hard to negotiate.The hotel itself is lovely - our room was clean and fresh with quite trendy decor. The room was a little small though but I don't think that's unusual in Tokyo. As someone else has said you get a nightgown that is changed daily and little slippers which I quite liked.We ate in the Italian restaurant once and had a very nice Japanese/Italian meal. There is also a lounge that has free internet access. In the immediate vicinity there is an AM/PM, a city bank ATM, a Starbucks and a McDonalds as well as numerous Japanese eateries.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>notherportlander
<Content>modern and in a good lcoation Booked this hotel through expedia which offered a multi night discount so that it went down to a great deal at 139 a night. Its very close to shinjuku station, right next to a couple metro lines, and also convient to the next JR stop down the line if you want to avoid shinjuku craziness.the hotel was very beautiful. the rooms were small, but well organized, clean, and nicely styled. our semi-double bed (booked as double on expedia) was extremely firm (this after sleeping on the floor japanese style for a week) and the pillow was the hardest we had in our Japan travels. sheets were nice though and it had a feather comforter which was cozy. i liked how they had all the products in the bathroom (big things of conditioner etc, and hairbrush, toothbrush, razor, hair dryer). the room also had a tea making facilities and of course the flatscreen.the 2nd floor lounge had two computers for free use, and a coffee machine. a starbucks as well as several other coffee places were very close by, as well as a bunch of cheap eats near the station. the location was really the best part because it was so fast to get to all the parts of tokyo we were interested in, and with few transfers. i would stay here again.note-- they only would give us one keycard to the room even though it was booked as double. the key is needed to even take the elevator. i did weasel one out eventually but it was very irritating.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Charles049
<Content>Good Hotel, clean, modern very central - 5 mins to Shinjuku station Hotel is execellent, clean, modern, very nice guest lounge with free internet, very close to shops, restaurants, 5 mins to Shinjuku Station. Staff very helpful, speaks reasonably good english.Hotel rated 2.5 stars is really for the amenties it does not offer ie swiming pool, bell/porter service, tour desk, but overall is a 3.5 star hotel, very modern furnings and decor. Double room is small (similar to european size hotels), barely fit 2 medium size luggage. No problems, out most of the day. Nice italian restaurant, good italian sytle coffee.Good value for moneyNo hesitation in staying there again  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>sc_blues
<Content>Great hotel! Great location!       32  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MapleG
<Content>Great Hotel, would gladly stay here again       View from my room  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	2	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>BlahblahWow
<Content>Great for price We stayed here for nine days on our recent trip to Tokyo. After living in Japan and staying with relatives, this was my first hotel stay in Tokyo without a recommendation. I was a bit hesitant but the price was just too good to pass up.An advantage first of all was that the airport limosine stops right at the Sunroute, which is so convenient after a long trip. The front desk was helpful and all fluent in English. There are no bellboys, which is not a problem. The room was comfortable and very clean. A small empty frig and other amenties were a welcom surprise. The only flaw in the room was the pillow, rock hard. It is a matter of preference tho.The location was perfect. Shinjiku is a big place, but the Sunroute is so perfectly situated, a walk to the train station, a walk to Shinjiku Park, and to many other spots. Small cafes and ramen shops are close by if you choose not to eat at the hotel. The breakfast buffet in the hotel restaurant is very tasty although a bit pricey, but it is Japan afterall.I would highly recommend this hotel. It is great place to use as a base even if you are traveling to other cities. We left for 4 days and came back to a clean and picture perfect room. Great security in the hotel, staff is friendly and very helpful. I would stay there again and again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rihck
<Content>Room too small LOCATION: really good as it's about 300 meters away from Takashimaya and the heart of EAst Shinjuku - shopping area. Not much around in the very vicinity of the hotel but if you walk further towards the east or west, there's a lot of places to eat.ACCOMMODATION: The rooms are nice and clean but TOO SMALL (for what they call the semi double). Our room was facing the men's toilet of the next building - what a view! If not for the view and the squashy room it would be ok even if the only english TV station is CNN.AMMENITIES: Free internet was good.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>AlbertBallin
<Content>Not above average, but good three star comfort at a reasonable price We stayed at this hotel for one night. The hotel has a very nice and modern Japanese interior design with lots of wood and stone. We booked a double room. Upon checkin, we were given a so-called semi-double room which was very small and had a 140cm bed. Since we are not semi-people we went back to the receptionist who offered us an upgrade to a double room at 2400 YEN. That room was basically the same room than the semi-double, with the only exception that the bed was 160cm (Queen), which still was rather small. We would have accepted that one as a normal double room as booked, but not as an upgrade after having paid a surcharge. We therefore went back down a third time and finally ended up in a twin-bed room with two 120cm beds and a nice view from the 12th floor (Room 1212). The interior of the room appeared to be brand new, with flatscreen TV and good quality matresses and pillows. The room was very quiet and we did not hear anything from the street or neighboring rooms. On the second floor they had a lounge with free internet terminal and coffee/tea, accessible with the room key. The location is not bad as it is very close to Shinjuku station which gives easy access to/from the airport. We had a hard time finding the hotel, since we took the wrong exit at the station. I would recommend that you take a Japanese printout of the hotel name and adress with you. We didn't and as a result people on the street couldn't help us much to find the place, although we were only a few blocks away.We can recommend this place because of its location and price, but would not stay there anymore ourselves, due to their business practices. A hotel should either sell single or double or twin rooms, but not invent so called semi-double rooms, only to charge people extra upon check-in to receive what they originally booked - a room with a decent sized bed for two people.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>mdonline
<Content>The best location and wonderful service       Hotel entrance  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>losangeles21
<Content>Excellent location This hotel is in an excellent location. Cental for everything, if using the metro. The only way to travel in Tokyo. A metro entrance is right next to the hotel. Also had fast food restaurants like mcdonalds and kfc in walking distance. Lots of local restaurants too. Shopping area literally 5 minutes walk away.Hotel was very clean and staff very helpful and friendly. Bathroom had shampoo, conditioner, body and face wash in pump dispenser. Reception area looked very cool and posh on arrival. There was a lounge room with 2 computers with free internet access and printer.We had a double standard room and it was very small and hardly and closet space.But we went to Tokyo to see the sights not to stay in hotel room all day.Felt very safe in the area and generally in Tokyo.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cb261
<Content>great location, comfortable room, upscale surroundings       Karaoke club (foreground left) and train station (background)  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>travelz2008
<Content>Great Hotel in Tokyo Initially I was very apprehensive about this place after finding out it was inly a 2 1/2 star hotel, but I am very pleased to say my fears were unfounded.The service at the hotel was exemplary (as was shown by the effort the hotel staff went to to return some items that I had left in the hotel, back to the UK) and it was in a great location (close to restaurants/ shops and also the main railway station, Shinjuku).The room I stayed in, on the 5th floor, was small but very clean and it had a comfortable double bed coupled with a relatively spacious bathroom. The hotel also had complementary internet access which was very useful.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Piggyb00
<Content>Clean and comfy We stayed at the Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku Hotel for 3 nights during our recent trip to Tokyo. It's a few minute's walk from the South Entrance of the Shinjuku station provided you walk in the right direction. Get out of the station at the south entrance. Cross the road right in front of the station. (Walking straight will bring you to Starbucks and Krispy Kreme).Turn right and walk till you reach the t-junction in front of Lumine 1 and turn left. After another about 50m you will see the hotel. The hotel has an excellent location. It's a few minutes from Krispy Creme, Starbucks, ramen places, Yoshinoya and even a Macdonald's for those looking for something familiar.Shopping-wise, Shinjuku station is just surrounded with shopping places from Takashimaya to Odakyu.It's easy to get around Tokyo as well. If you plan to take the Oedo line (which will get you straight to places like the Tsukiji fish market), the station entrance is right next to the hotel. In any case, Shinjuku station where most of the major lines converge is just 5 minutes from the hotel.Don't let the slightly dowdy exterior of the hotel fool you. The lobby is new and modern in decor. The rooms are rather tiny but clean and comfortable. Be prepared for a squashy toilet but stocked with comprehensive amenities including a nice foldable comb-brush, bathing sponge and Shishiedo facewash.The hotel staff may not speak fluent English. But everyone seems eager to help and extremely efficient. If you asked for recommendations on yummy eats, they're more then ready to help.The down side is that the room doesn't come with complimentary breakfast. But the convenient location makes up for it.Overall, the stay was enjoyable. And the best thing we loved about the hotel was it's great location.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>hikaru22
<Content>Excellent Location, Excellent Staff, Excellent Rooms...I'll always go back When I went to Tokyo in late November of 2007, I happened to go on the week of the Japanese Labor Day, so there was actually a problem finding available rooms anywhere because of all the Japanese living outside of Tokyo coming into Tokyo for the holiday weekend. Because of this, I stayed at The B Sangenjaya for two days and the remainder of my trip was spent in the Sunroute. I'm not a biased reviewer at all, but there is nothing wrong with the Sunroute whatsoever. Everything is pretty much great. I'm the type of person that doesn't really complain about anything in particular, but there was honestly nothing to complain about at the Sunroute. The hotel has a really great atmosphere from the lobby, to the rooms themselves. The rooms are more spacious than you would think being in the location in which it is. There's a nice tv with more than enough channels, an excellent bathroom, and all around cleanliness throughout the entire hotel. More importantly, it is about 4 minutes walk from Shinjuku station. A lot of people say that certain hotels are close to this station, but this one honestly is. I'm not sure why the prices for the Sunroute are so reasonable based on the style and elegance of the hotel and the location, but I'll definitely take advantage of it everytime I go back to Tokyo. I'll be going to Tokyo again in late February and I have already reserved at the Sunroute. To tell the truth, the only reason I would stay anywhere else in the Tokyo area is to just experiment with other places. The Sunroute has an edge in my mind now, so I feel sorry for the other hotels in the area ^_^ I highly recommend this hotel !!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>amancga
<Content>Will always come back to Sunroute Shinjuku       lobby  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>qian08
<Content>Great location       Table and TV  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>GoingOS
<Content>Very nice!! The location is fantastic, when it says it is 2-5 mins walk to the train station, it really is! The hotel has a beautiful lobby, the rooms are very small as expected in Japan. They are clean and comfortable. The staff are more than willing to help, and will give you a list of attractions and how to get there etc. Some of the staff speak english more fluently than others but they will do what they can to help. I reccomend the Segafredo just down the road for both coffee and the egg and bacon roll for breakfast. Coffee in japan can be dreadful if you dont go to the right place...McDonalds is also about15 meters of the hotel if you aren't partial to traditional japanese food. We had a great time, and staying in Shinjuku was a great base to get to a lot of areas.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DriftwoodNYC
<Content>Got lucky! We booked this hotel on Travelocity, which at the time had a Good Buy sale for an economy double room for $92 a night. It was definitely a steal! The hotel is very new and had a boutique hotel feel, with dark woods and minimalist design and furniture. The staff was top notch and spoke English very well. We didn't try the two restaurants inside the hotel but it seemed like they were well-visited (and pricey).Its location just meters away from Shinjuku's South Entrance made it easy to get around (there's also an elevator right behind the hotel's street-level sign that goes down to the subway). Another big plus is that the Airport Limousine Bus stops right in the hotel driveway which made getting to Narita much easier. We had a room on the 6th floor and noise wasn't an issue. The bathroom was larger than expected. There is also a small business center with two computers and free Internet access, as well as a small coffee/tea bar. Overall, a great value!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AndrewMichael
<Content>Outstanding hotel for 1st time        entrance  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Burns27
<Content>Good choice in Tokyo First the disclaimer - hotel rooms in Tokyo are extremely small and Hotel Sunroute Shinjuku is no exception with there barely being enough floor space for one suitcase.That said the room was extremely clean and functional with a place for everything and little touches like free tooth brushes, comb, shampoo and lotion as well as hair dryer and coffee maker. There were also night shirts for sleeping and a HD TV (although they only had 1 English station - CNN). But most importantly the bed was comfortable and soft (which is unlike most beds I found in Asia which are very hard). In addition in the second floor lounge they had a free coffee/tea machine and free Internet (with a printer!). The location was excellent - right near the busy Shinjuku station with cheap (for Japan) restaurants and shopping.So as long as you are no expecting North America sized rooms, you should be very happy with this hotel. I would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UrbanGuySF
<Content>Shinjuku, I Love You-ku Absolutely well-located near Shinjuku Station and for shopping adventures. In addition to a Starbucks nearby, there is a Tully's near the Yoyogi Station further down the street. Staff was courteous, very friendly and helpful. Their spoken English may be broken, but it was much better than my Japanese. Our room was small by American standards, but you should be out exploring the exciting City anyway. Try the warm toilet spray or bidet for a treat. The second floor lounge is a hip and cozy place to retreat for a cocktail or two.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mc582
<Content>Excellent hotel, but...       Twin room  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>pvtryan25
<Content>Four star hotel with five star service and ambience First impressions: Stayed there during the second week of Nov. Brand new hotel, with a modern and minimalist lobby and furniture that looks more like a 5-star hotel. Service was impeccable - and like what a few other reviewers have said - check-in was smooth, hassle-free and fast. Good value for money considering its location in Shinjuku.Room: We got the Economy Room, which has space for one queen bed, a desk with a large LCD TV and walking space around the bed for one person. Have to be creative if you need to lay open two big-sized suitcases. Very small rooms can take a bit of getting used to - but as long as you spend most of your time outside sightseeing, you won't feel much of it. Bathroom is tiny too, but self-sufficient. Bed is very comfortable if not a bit soft. Our room looks into the neighbouring office block's toilet stack, but thankfully we closed out curtains most of the time. Not a single English channel was available, but why should one travel all the way to Japan to watch CNN? Check out the hilarously quirky Japanese variety shows in the mornings and evenings.Location: is hard to beat, considering that Shinjuku is an interchange station for at least with 5-6 lines that lead you to places like Ginza, Harajuku, Tokyo station, Odaiba, Asakasa, Shibuya and Ikebukuro. The trick is finding the right exit from Shinjuku station. When returning to hotel, always look for the South Exit for the JR line and you won't go wrong. Surroundings: Is near major shopping malls such as Takashimaya Times Square, Lumine, Mylord, a major bookshop, Starbucks, and numerous restaurants. MacDonalds is also down the street. If you want to try authentic Japanese cuisine, try walking across the road bridge to Shinjuku East for the noodle shops. There is also a shop called Yoshinoya down the street that sells delicious beefs-stewed rice and miso soup.Highly recommended for both first-timers and repeat visitors to Japan.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>szun
<Content>Love this hotel, highly recommended! We stayed there for 3 nites in mid october. Our twin-bed room is spacious, clean and well-equipped. Location is excellent - 3 mins walk from the Shinjuku station. One of the best hotels that we stayed during our tour in Japan, comparing to other hotels which we paid more.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>aburgin
<Content>New, Clean Modern Hotel Hotel Was NEW. Stayed here like 3 weeks after opening. Check in was Simple Payment Upfront. Rooms Were small but all rooms in Japan are small. Had a Twin room on 12 floor. Big LCD tv in room Only 1 English Channel on TV CNN and because of the Time difference to the US of +16 there are hardly anything on it. There was a Guest Lounge on the 2nd Floor with 2 Computers for internet + Water and Tea and Coffee Machines. Easy to get to from Shinjuku Station South Exit. Turn Right out the station walk to the end of the road Turn Right Again and there it is. We found it without a map just from looking at the map on the Hotel website.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Vinada
<Content>Clean rooms, very easy access. I will stay there again.   showReview(10017201, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>highloyo
<Content>Opening Day   showReview(8739608, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bebop54
<Content>Che gioia aver soggiornato al Sunroute!       Museo Bonsai Tokyo  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dannytruelove
<Content>Veery nice and cheap!       atrio hotel  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>asimov
<Content>Posizione strategica   showReview(22628567, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Este hotel tiene todo, estè°©...   showReview(22626565, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TrçŒ«s bon hotel, bien situèŒ…...   showReview(22156777, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Anodina04
<Content>Ubicaciè´¸n, comodidades y precio perfectos   showReview(21451324, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo çŒ« molto carino, con...   showReview(21391831, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>éŠˆå¨¿äºžéŠ‡å ›äºœ
<Content>é‚æ¿î†–æ¤å‘«ä¼€éŠˆå‚ç¹ŽéŠ‡å¿‹å„¶éŠ‰ç¬ºå¤éŠ‰å¨¿å„¢éŠ‰î‚ ä»¹éŠ‡æ¤¼ä»§   showReview(20793375, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>martola2002
<Content>Me encanto este hotel!!   showReview(20532812, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DarktonioMonaco
<Content>Excellent hotel pour dèŒ…couvrir Tokyo   showReview(19934148, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hä¹ˆtel trçŒ«s bien placèŒ… mais chambres trçŒ«s petites   showReview(20549370, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon rapporto qualitè„¿ prezzo - ottima posizione.   showReview(19631781, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consiglio assolutamente questo hotel   showReview(19631780, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fye
<Content>Central, pratique et confortable   showReview(19458750, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima scelta per un soggiorno a Tokyo   showReview(19631779, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel in zentraler Lage!   showReview(19631778, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(19631776, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto Buono   showReview(19631775, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TrçŒ«s bon rapport qualitèŒ… prix   showReview(19631772, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto bello in un posto perfetto per visitare Tokyo   showReview(19631771, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel parfait   showReview(19631774, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo centralissimo in Shinjuku   showReview(18530366, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(18530365, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans hèŒ…siter   showReview(18530364, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Magnifico   showReview(18530363, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccellente   showReview(17437407, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bttwil
<Content>Gute Lage, Sauber, tolles Stadthotel   showReview(17013057, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TrçŒ«s bon choix   showReview(17437405, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TrçŒ«s bel hä¹ˆtel   showReview(17437403, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superlage   showReview(16596132, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai sans hèŒ…siter lors de mon prochain sèŒ…jour   showReview(14729342, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>AgrèŒ…able surprise   showReview(14729341, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>klein aber fein   showReview(14729340, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un emplacement et un confort parfait   showReview(14729339, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>trçŒ«s bon rapport qualitèŒ… prix   showReview(13976062, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>central, moderne, confortable   showReview(13976061, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

