<Author>Rabm
<Content>Superb Hotel - Great Staff  What a superb, wonderful hotel this is.I have only written a review once before for a hotel in Spain....and it was a bad one.However Hotel 41 is just excellent, from the relaxed and personal check in, to the politeness of the staff(who after we said thank you would always reply my pleasure) which in the UK is unheard of!I am a London man so to find such a great hotel in my own back yard is heartening. usually this level of service is in seen in the Middle East or Asia but rarely in Europe.Yes its a little expensive but for a night or two special occasion it is the best you could find in London in my opinion.Thanks to all the staff for making it such a great start to the New Year....and giving us a night without the kids that we could really enjoy!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Danlux13
<Content>Home away from home I stay in hotels very frequently and am not normally one to write a hotel review but my 13 year old son and I stayed at 41 over Christmas 2008 and we couldn't have been happier. We were treated like family from day one and every request we made was responded to quickly and with a smile. The staff were absolutely lovely, went out of their way to accommodate our wishes and it really seemed that they enjoyed making us feel 'at home'. The decor was elegant and it was lovely to be able to 'light the fire' in the room after a cold day out. The little touches like having local SIM cards ready for us (at my request) and my son's favourite magazine along with an iPod, Wii, dvd etc in the room was unexpected. We will most definitely be back!! Thank you Andrew and your wonderful team...  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Traveller_NL3
<Content>Great place! Very friendly and service oriented staff. The relaxed way of check-in while sitting in comfortable arm chairs is unique. No need to hurry at all.The room was very nice and comfortable, it even had a gas fire place!A must stay there hotel when visiting London. The staff truely goes the last mile to make your stay unforgettable!Highly recommendable!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JessieWillow
<Content>Delighful Christmas Break       View from Room 4101 (standing on window sill!)  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>powerplay1
<Content>Can't wait to go back 41 is someplace that everyone should experience. Extremely attentive staff who took care of every need. We looked forward to coming back to the hotel every evening. Exquisite ambiance made even more lovely by the people who work there.We are defintely staying there on every trip to London.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LUXChicago
<Content>Both a warm and professional experience My husband and I just stayed at the 41 Hotel in London for four nights and enjoyed a wonderful experience. We usually stay at the Capital but had heard of the many positive attributes of the 41 and wanted a change. The aesthetics encompassing the overall hotel design and culinary skills are admirable. The hotel staff is definately not the usual superficial standard of a large hotel, but that of the stature of a Relais  Chateau style of affiliation. Warm, hard working and knowledgeable, they are professionally trained beyond what we have come to expect nowadays. There are many nice touches such as in the evening, ice and a small tray of olives, lemon/lime slices are left in your room in case you would like to prepare a drink. During turn down service, a floating candle is lit in the bathroom along with some soft jazz playing, a fire turned on in the small gas fireplace and the lights dimmed...not to mention the fantastic bed and plush linens.The only potential drawback if any is the gorgeous but small public area which does not provide any privacy. Also, the plunder the pantry idea is a nice one, however somewhat confusing. The clientele is upscale and relaxed, but most of us were perplexed (and embarassed to ask) about the set up in general. The hotel and food prices are very high and most items in the pantry including water, soft drinks and the like are not gratis as is standard in concierge spaces. Management would be smart to rethink this as it slightly cheapens their overall 5 star service. This is a small but important factor.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>explorer077
<Content>what a wonderful place We have just returned from a weekend at this hotel. We have stayed at many hotels when visiting London, but this has got to be our favourite.It is a peaceful place to relax and spend some quality time with family or friends.The staff are great. The breakfast delicious and the attention to detail first class.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Moncsi
<Content>Simply perfect !       Our room Nr.4102  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rolo1092
<Content>A Hidden Gem Trust me.................this hotel is absolutely wonderful. Mainly because of my job (rather than my wallet!!), I am very well travelled and looked after, but can honestly say that the 41 Hotel is up there with the very best. Wonderful, caring staff - you don't get the insincere in your face bowing and scraping that is often associated with 5 Star Hotels here. Without exception, these guys are genuinely eager to please and appear to really enjoy their work environment and take great pride in their hotel and the facilities on offer. Also discreet, but always around if needed and treated my wife and I as privileged guests from the moment we arrived. Drinks on the house during check in were a nice touch and most welcome after a 2 hour journey from the South Coast.The room was ultra clean (I'm an extremely fussy git!!) and the turn down service is well worth paying for. After watching the Billy Elliot Saturday matinee (this is a brilliant show by the way), we ate out at La Famiglia in Chelsea in the evening (don't bother going here, it's expensive and over-rated), so wasn't hungry on getting back to the hotel, but still couldn't resist the free supper and the honesty book drinks that are available every night in the Executive Lounge. All in all a truly superb experience and credit crunch allowing I would not want to stay anywhere else in future trips to London. One more tip if I may.................go see La Clique at the Hippodrome Leicester Square if you can. This was marvellous entertainment at a great venue and finish off a great evening at the Joy King Lau Chinese restaurant just down the road in Leicester Street. This was recommended to me by a Chinese friend and it was full of Chinese couples and families on the Sunday night (always a good sign) and it didn't disappoint. My wife and I had a wonderful weekend - Billy Elliot and La Famiglia on the Saturday followed by the London Duck tour (brilliant!), the London Eye, La Clique and Joy King Lau on the Sunday. But thanks mainly to the 41 Hotel, I now have enough bonus points from the wife to last me a lifetime! We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Supergranny
<Content>Wonderful Staff From the minute we arrived the service was wonderful. Whilst checking in, we were offered a glass of wine and then we were shown our room. Not the biggest room we have stayed in (Paris can beat that hands down) but there was everything we could possibly have needed. Spotless and very comfortable!Within walking distance of Buckingham Palace and theatres it was very nice to just stroll around and not have to look for a taxi. The Victoria theatre was a five minute walk where we saw Billy Elliot.....Fantastic. A stroll home afterwards to a nice cosy lounge and a nightcap! :o) Breakfasts were excellent! No need for lunch as we strolled around sightseeing. It almost felt like we had stayed there before as we felt so welcomed and we will definitely stay there again!!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jayaw
<Content>A special place We stayed at 41 on a Saturday night for my partner's birthday treat. This is the second time we have been. We couldn't have chosen better- the service is 2nd to none. The staff are wonderful and cannot do enough to help make your stay special.The rooms, whilst not huge, are beautifully decorated and fitted out in black and white- very stylish. Our room had a working fireplace which made it feel so homely.The bathroom has a huge shower above the bath, another separate shower and luxury toiletries which smell gorgeous.We booked the romantic turndown and returned to our room to find flickering candles, rose petals, the fire blazing, massage oil and champagne. Absolute bliss!The breakfast is unbelievable, very tasty and loads of choice. The orange juice is freshly squeezed, the coffee excellent.The location is great, about 3 mins walk from Victoria station and at the front of the hotel, overlooks the Royal Mews. Buckingham Palace is less than 5 mins walk up the road.We had one problem during the night when an extractor fan above our room became faulty and woke us up making a horrendous noise. We contacted reception and within 20 mins it had been fixed. We were offered a glass of champagine each as an apology. As it was 1am we declined, but it was a lovely offer. We also had another apology from Antoinette in the morning. These things happen, and we understand that, but the staff dealt with the problem without fuss.So, in summary, if you are looking for somewhere special, this is the place. Not cheap, but worth the money, it will certainly be the place we go to for a treat, even if it means working overtime!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carol-Bermuda
<Content>One of the finest hotels I have stayed in There are not enough superlatives to describe this hotel. I don't think they have forgotten anything.I have stayed at other Carnation Hotels before and they are all superb and the service is 100%As an ex Hotel Representative and Travel Agent, I'm fussy and used to five star hotels - the 41 should be a 6 star or more  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Giugiaro
<Content>The No1 Boutique Hotel in London From start to finish this Hotel was a pleasure to stay in. On arrival we took the lift to the check in desk where we were met by friendly and warm staff.Our room was upgraded free of charge to a split level suite, which was being made ready as we arrived. To pass the time we had afternoon Tea in the lounge, by the fire place accompanied with a couple of glasses of Champagne.Once ready we were shown to our room, which had the wow factor and every possible luxury. The room was clean and had plenty of space including a massive bed and an ensuite bathroom with two showers.In the lounge is a bar which has a range of complimentary drinks and snacks as well as a help yourself honesty system if you wanted something stronger.All in all a great stay and had the feel of a home from home so we will definately be back in the new year to celerbrate something else.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wmdtjr
<Content>Indiviual attention       Side view of hotel..5th floor  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SteeleCalifornia
<Content>Very poor service for a 5 star hotel This hotel has many positive attributes that you can find by reading other reviews on this site. It is beautiful, has a refined atmosphere, and is in an excellent location. The reason I gave Hotel 41 such a poor review has to do with service. After checking out and arriving back in the United States in late July 2008, my wife realized that she left behind a pair of shorts. We called Hotel 41 staff two times and e-mailed them three times. On three separate occasions in September and early October, staff members e-mailed my wife that the shorts were being sent in the mail from London to the United States. The shorts have not arrived as of early November. Obviously, the shorts are not being sent to us even though three separate assurances were made that the shorts would be sent. I realize this is not monumental, but in general, first class hotels are rated as such because of excellent service (in addition to well above average amenities). Please judge for yourself if this is first class service.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lizzylizlizza
<Content>Extremely Attentive Staff We went to Hotel 41 for the first two nights of our Honeymoon before flying. Had a lovely stay, the hotel is everything you would expect of a 5 star London Hotel. We booked through the Hotel Website, which offered a slightly better deal that some of the hotel booking websites.The building is wonderful, the entrance is right next door to the Rubens Hotel 鈥?very discrete entrance, quite easy to miss, many of the cab drivers did not know the hotel, so ask for the Rubens鈥?br/>The receptionist gave an extremely warm welcome and even champagne on arrival 鈥?which was a nice touch to begin our honeymoon, she also arranged for candles and rose petals in the room upon our return from dinner 鈥?which again was fabulous!Overall staff were extremely attentive and nothing was too much trouble for them鈥?br/>Just a few minor niggles鈥? We learned that you need to put the Do Not Disturb sign on your door, otherwise you will be interrupted in the evening 鈥?the electronic do not disturb sign did not appear to work in our room, neither the desk lamp.At check-in we were offered the opportunity to upgrade our room, at a reduced price 鈥?which we took. Whilst the bed was huge, we felt the room to be a little cramped, it was difficult to pass between the bed and the desk 鈥?it would have been interesting to see a how much smaller our original room was.A small bar area was provided in the room, which was cramped, possibly better to leave it with the sofa and table, to give the room a more spacious feel鈥?br/>Our tea cups were removed in the evening and not returned for our early morning tea 鈥?additionally, tea bags were not replenished at all during our stay.The other issue, was we were disturbed by the occupants of the room next to us (I fully appreciate that this is totally out of the hotels control) 鈥?however they had a rather squeaky bed鈥?Overall a great stay.. with some wonderful touches鈥?especially 鈥淧lunder the Pantry鈥濃€?/p>  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>roadrunner68
<Content>top notch in the capital Our stay at Hotel 41 was a delight, from the time we walked in the front entrance to our departure. All the staff were very polite, attentive and seemed to take genuine pleasure in meeting all our needs and indeed, exceeding our expectations with all the special touches that made our stay memorable. The rooms were of the highest standard and the attention to detail in ensuring our comfort was delightful. We went to celebrate my fortieth birthday and will remember hotel 41 for all the right reasons for many years to come. We wil definately be returning in the future and have no hesitation in recommending this haven to others!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>easygoingeezer
<Content>Truly fabulous Lets get this out of the way...this is not cheap hotel or suitable for the budget minded. What is it, its amazing from the moment you are guided to the door of 41 you are lambasted with class and professionalism from every member of staff treated with total respectand politeness, you feel like your in a club for the select few and you are made to feel like you belong there. The rooms are a delight classy and not all flowery and chinsy like a lot of London hotels. Dinner or breakfast in the lounge is like home from home where you can totally relax from the hustle and bustle of the city with quality food and wine. The pink bubbly is fabulous. This hotel and its staff deserve the highest accolade for quality style and professionalism.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Harbourbridge
<Content>Ab fab!! If you are thinking about staying at this hotel, stop thinking and just do it because there is no way you will be disappointed! I would agree with a previous reviewer that booking through the hotel website will most likely give you the best deal. There are various tempting packages on offer. We stayed in an executive room and had complimentary wireless internet and english breakfast included. The staff were very attentive and polite, without being stuffy. I was a bit dubious about the compact communal lounge area, but as the hotel doesnot seem to encourage access to non-residents, this area serves its multiple functions very well. I am absolutely besotted with this hotel and thoroughly recommend it to anyone who wants a personalised hotel experience, and not made to feel like just another paying guest.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>netplay
<Content>Wonderful Hotel but Sneaky Charges - Watch your Bill at Check Out I had a wonderful experience at this hotel for my first and only stay. The registration process was easy and pleasant. The lobby and rooms was above expectations. However, when I checked out I noticed all these extra charges. For example, when I registered they offered me a glass of champagne but when offered a refill they failed to explain that it would cost $30. Later on I was in the lobby and was offered a glass of wine. I found on my bill that I was charged over $25 for that glass of wine. The continental breakfast in the lobby which was explained to be part of the room price was $50. None of these charges had signed receipts with them either. When I disputed the charge when I left they acted like I made the mistake and no one else seems to complain about it. After further polite protests, I decided to take my complaints to Centurion Amex Travel who booked it so they can at least note it as I am noting here as well. My issues were not resolved with the hotel even after requesting a call from the manager. If it wasn't for the sneaky charges, I would've been able to say it was a perfect 5.0 experience.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Perszona
<Content>The nicest staff at the 41 and true 5 star quality service I travel a lot with my 18 months old daugher and we always stay at 5 star hotels. Because of that, we are used to good treatment and at least something resembling true luxury. I booked the 41 hotel in London through LuxuryLink and got a good deal on our stay, so I expected a somewhat lukewarm approach upon arrival, but my fears were completely ungrounded. Everybody at the hotel was incredibly welcoming and by the third day, I was looking forward to going home (the hotel) in the evening and have a tea at the fireplace. Despite the extra work my little daughter presented the staff with, nobody was ever dismissive or impatient with us; from the wonderful waiters to Uncle Andrew (the resident manager of the hotel, Andrew Gortchacow, who could not have been more perfect in any way - ever so kind and professional, he even went down to the store one night to buy a pacifier for my daughter!), everbody did their absolute best to make my stay with a toddler enjoyable. The food was good, the rooms were lovely, I liked the design and all the late night snacks we were provided with (such as olives and a fruit basket every evening); and, the location is excellent as well, the hotel being practically opposite Buckingham Palace. The hotel did a great job on booking us tours and helpings us with suggestions for sightseeing, and the staff even packed us a free lunch basket when we left for our trip (full of fruits and other snacks, things my daughter preferred to eat). All in all, this is a hotel best suited for people who want luxury but also a relaxed, romantic, super friendly atmosphere, along with a very well trained, accomodating staff. Thank you everyone at the 41 for making my birthday this year truly special - I can hardly wait to go back!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>tdouse22
<Content>I'll never forget London!!!! I visited London for the very first time in March 2008 and only stayed for four days and three nights. I'm soooo thankful I chose to go with a friend's reccomendation and stayed at Hotel 41. The experience was unforgettable and a large part had to do with the fabulous staff whom were all attentive to our every need in a non-smothering way. They were all very cordial and knowledgable about their city, eventhough 70% of them were born and raised in other countries outside of the UK. If we asked them a question that they didn't know the answer to, they told us they would get back to us, and they always did, with the right answer! Not to mention, most the staff is comprised of young people in their early to mid-twenties and yet they were so refined and cordial you would have easily suspected they were long time veterans in the hotel industry. Room service was great, the location is great (right behind Buckingham Palace) and the staff is wonderful!!! My next trip to London will definitely include a stay at Hotel 41.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mango48
<Content>Great Stay My wife and I stayed at the Hotel 41 for four days in late August 2008 after completing a 2 week European cruise. The hotel was delightful with a gracious staff. I particularly liked the exclusivity of the hotel. It was a great ending to our 3 week European vacation. I would certainly stay again next time Im in London.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>1kingy
<Content>Amazing I can not speak highly enough about the staff or the hotel itself. Upon arrival they gave us a glass of Champagne and we sat in the lounge while the finshing touches were done to the room. I asked for the 'romantic turndown' to be done for arrival and this was excellent......rose petals all over the room, fire place, more champagne and candles. The room itself was great with a massive bed and the bathroom had a wonderful shower as well as a bath. You get a feeling of real modern luxury with the black and white theme. The hotel is only a 3 minute walk to the tube station and right next door to buckingham palace.We had breakfast in the morning which was included in the package and was again excellent.I would suggest booking directly through the hotel website as they seem to offer the best rates. All in all a great experience and an excellent hotel for couples.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ParisDreamin'
<Content>Very good but slightly uneven So it's hard for me with this one, because I definitely would echo the sentiments of other reviewers in stating that for the most part the experience here was awesome. However, there was some slight uneveness when it came to the stay. There were some slight issues with the room that didn't detract from our experience since we're not fussy, but were a bit of a surprise and worth mentioning since it wasn't just one thing. The safe didn't work, the luggage stand was broken, the sink didn't drain very well, the TV remote had anemic batteries, and some other such minor annoyances. The room otherwise was lovely and unique. The service in general was outstanding, in particular Andrew. However, there was some unevenness here. We arrived on a flight from the US early in the morning, and our room was not yet vacated or ready. No problem, not the hotel's fault as check in isn't until 3pm. We did a little sightseeing and came back at noon. We were told that the room was vacated and was being serviced at that moment. We were told that it would be ready in 15 to 20 minutes, so we sat in the beautiful lobby lounge and waited. We weren't re-approached to be led to our room until one hour later. Don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining since this was before check-in still, but I found it strange to be told 15-20 minutes and then have it be an hour. Then we were led to the wrong room on the opposite of the hotel from our room first before being led to the correct room. When we got to the room, I requested bags to be brought up by the porter twice before it was finally delivered 35 minutes after the first request, too long I felt for a small hotel. And we were missing a bag that the porter could not find on a couple of additional tries until I went down personally to the bag check room to show him which bag it was.The location of the hotel is great, in a quiet area, yet adjacent to Buckingham Palace. So, don't get me wrong, I would definitely stay here again and would recommend others to stay here, I'm simply pointing out the unevenness of some things.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>paulmckelvie
<Content>Faultless! We spent 5 wonderful days in London in August 2008, and Hotel 41 helped make the visit out of this world. The hotel is well situated very close to Buckingham Palace, and an easy walk to Trafalgar Square and on to Covent Garden and the West End. It is also only a couple of minutes walk from Victoria Station.The Hotel is almost invisible from outside (we asked cab drivers to take us to the Rubens Hotel, Hotel 41's sister hotel, which is right next door).You could not be made to feel more welcome. The whatever, whenever button on the room phone reflects the hotel staff's willingness to make your stay as perfect as possible. The rooms are well equipped with iPod docking stations and a series of complimentary extras are offered on the hotel website, including a choice of pillow types.The executive lounge is wonderfully decorated and the larder is stocked with delicious complimentary snacks.Don't get me wrong, the rates at the hotel are by no means the cheapest you will find in London - but if you are looking for that special get-away, you won't go wrong with Hotel 41.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kol38
<Content>A little gem My stay at 41 was short but was certainly long enough for this boutique hotel to make a huge impact on me. The staff are attentive, welcoming, friendly and at all times professional, nothing is too much trouble. On arrival I was given a warm welcome and shown around the hotel, the decor is tasteful which much attention to detail. The lounge area is welcoming, stocked with complimentary snacks and a well stocked honesty bar. I was taken to my room, again beautifully decorated and scrupulously clean with a huge bed dressed in crisp white sheets and sumptious bedding. 41 has a whatever/whenever policy and there is even a 'whatever/whenever' button on the phone in the bedroom. As a femail travelling alone I felt I was in safe surroundings and was well looked after, when I returned from my evening out I found my bed had been turned down and candles had been placed in my bathroom. The attention to detail at 41 is second to none and I look forward to my next visit.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Deepestblue
<Content>Luxurious retreat with private club atmosphere I simply have nothing bad to say about this wonderful hotel with a fantastic location. We went for the romantic turndown service (which I highly recommend if you want to impress someone special) which was immaculatly executed with champagne, rose petals, candle light and a roaring real fire - truely 'Wow'. They have so many exceptional complimentry services available I simply can't list them all here, and the service and staff were wonderful. Second to none.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>businesstraveller37
<Content>Wonderful Property I stayed at the Hotel 41 with a friend of mine and we were extremely happy with the hotel itself, the design of it and the staff. All around friendly people, the check in staff greeted us with a glass of champagne and allowed us to use their hospitality suite while waiting for our room, which was very helpful! The room was considerably large for London and the rain shower was fantastic. We didn't have time to enjoy breakfast the next morning, due to a very early flight home, so the hotel sent up some early morning coffee on the house. We can definitely recommend this hotel for any trip to London! 100% fantastic service!!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boarderchick02
<Content>Incredible Hotel  I recently stayed at Hotel 41 with my mum for a 'special' Birthday (we made a weekend of it) and had simply the most fantastic stay. The staff are so welcoming and helpful I can't recommend it enough. The Executive Lounge is beautifully decorated and has snacks and drinks on hand, an honesty bar (lovely selection of champagne if you fancy a glass, or two鈥? and they serve the best Earl Grey tea I've had in a long time - you hardly want to leave the tranquility of the place and face the hustle and bustle of London - Mum and I were quite happy sitting in there chatting to the friendly staff and flicking through 'coffee table' books. It's also nice to have your own secure private entrance to the hotel - no queueing to check in/out etc.Our room was decorated in a tasteful black and white style with lots of unique pieces, not just the standard hotel stuff - they have actually put some thought into the ornaments, lamps and pictures so it's very inviting and has a home-from-home feel (if only my home was actually like that!). -oh and spacious rooms which is a rareity in central London. Well insulated walls  windows so it's very quiet day  night, air conditioned (thankfully as it was very humid when we were there - such bliss to kick your shoes off and relax - in a cool room with comfy hotel slippers and a choice of bathrobes too! (fluffy toweling or waffle)They seem to have thought of everything you could want (and probably didn't even know you wanted!) - a choice of 12 pillows from the pillow menu and lots of little extras that you can ask for (scented candles, face wipes, moisturisers) - nothing seemed any trouble at all, they even pointed out that the telephone had a button called whatever, whenever ( no need to search the literature to find out where you're supposed to dial).The staff are extremely customer focused and really do go the extra mile(s) here and make it seem so effortless. They left a beautiful birthday cake in the room for mum and a card for her - she was so touched and it made for an extra special stay. By pressing 鈥渨hatever/whenever鈥?the leftover cake we didn鈥檛 manage was quickly wrapped up so we could take it away and eat later, well you wouldn鈥檛 want to leave something that nice to waste.Once we'd checked out they kept our luggage there all day, lent us an umbrella (if only the UK weather was reliable!), and when we returned (from a hot, sticky, stressful tube journey) were invited in for a cup of tea in the lounge before we continued home - I know some relatives who wouldn't even make us feel that welcome!I just wish we鈥檇 stayed longer and will definitely be returning. Happy to give advice to others thinking of staying here 鈥?my advice: do it now, you won鈥檛 regret it, I simply can't sing it's praises enough.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frequent_Traveler724
<Content>Fantastic Hotel There is no reason why this hotel should not be ranked #1 - it is a fantastic gem. My wife and I were in London celebrating (coincidentally) my 41st birthday and booked three nights at Hotel 41. Located close to all central London attractions as well as an open-top bus tour stop, Hotel 41 is nearly a perfect property.From the moment we arrived were treated exceptionally well. The staff went out of their way to assist us with tour bookings, dinner reservations, taxis, etc. They even sent a delicious cake to our room in honor of my birthday. Fresh fruit and other snacks were also in abundant supply. The room was wonderful; large by European standards with a very comfortable king size bed, small desk, and sofa. Free wireless was a plus. Complaints? Other than the lack of outlets in the bathroom (according to my wife, a necessity) I can't think of a thing that is wrong with this lovely hotel. We will certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KF1230
<Content>Personalized Service in London! Centrally located on Buckingham Palace Road the Hotel 41 is a very comfortable, well appointed boutique hotel. Top attributes: incredibly helpful staff, relaxing environment, and top notch service! Highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TheScottishwanderers
<Content>Luxurious stay at Hotel 41 My wife and I stayed at the hotel in May to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. The room was excellent and had the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in. All staff were excellent, friendly and very attentive. They were always willing to assist in any way they could. On our first night's stay we arrived back at the room to find rose petals scattered around the room and bath, together with numerous lit candles. Chocalate covered strawberries had also been provided. These were really lovely touches given that it was our silver wedding anniversary. It just demonstrated how thoughtful and caring they are in looking after their guests. We ate at Reubens Library restaurant next door and were equally well looked after.We would recommend both to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>charboneu
<Content>wanted to move in and live there forever well, I was staying at the Sheraton Park Lane (total dump, btw) and searched for a cool boutique hotel. This tiny gem is nestled on the fifth floor and next door to the Ruebens Hotel. To say it was nirvana is the understatement of the world. I had this amazing black and white adorable room, superb linens, a heated floor and a heated towel rack in the bathroom (as well as a flatscreen television.) I was so in love with the hotel that I did not even want to go see the sights of London, just wanted to curl up with the body pillow they brought me and listen to my tunes on my Bose sound deck. Feel free to contact me. I cannot even rave enough (oh and free snacks all day long...)truly delightful and wonderful. You will love it.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Away_Again
<Content>Liked it, and would return. Great hotel and very good location. Free food around the clock -- they keep snacks out all day long. Small, but nicely appointed rooms. The hotel is a boutique with only one floor. Check-in, lounge and dining are all the same general area, which is not the norm. But the service is great. Very individualized attention if you like that sort of thing. We've stayed twice and would probably return again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>kidsalongtraveler
<Content>Be Careful Hotel 41 is a very beautiful property, directly across from the Mews at Bckingham Palace. The property is small with very attentive staffing. BE CAREFUL _ breakfast was 20 pounds which is $40 for cereal, fruit, yogurt, and some cold meats. We were under the impression it was included after reading the reviews and also an article they had on display in the lounge. We brought this to their attention but they staunchly refused to reduce the cost which was disappointing. They told us the article was 'older' I suggested they remove it. The rooms are very expensive and therefore I believe the breakfast should have been included. Check out the Ruben - which is the same building - using different floors, and less expensive.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>nigecathy
<Content>What a gem!! I cannot recommend this hotel enough. The staff were very courteous, friendly and seemed genuinely interested in each guest. They remembered earlier conversations and picked up on them later.We arrived early afternoon  so our room was not ready(checkout is not until noon); we were offered a glass of champagne  were happy to pass a plesant hour in the lounge reading the paapers.We had a room overlooking the palace (and would strongly recommend that you request this). It was pristine and, although the decor was black and whire, it was a warm and inviting room. The lighting system was unfathomable as the bathroom light that we'd turned off when we went to bed was mirculously on the following morning. This is by no means a criticism as the mood lighting was excellent - just an observation and a challenge to crack!Nothing was too much trouble and often the staff outnumbered the guests in the executive lounge .We stayed for the weekend of the concerts in Hyde Park and made full use of the butler's pantry when returning each evening. The spread was superb; meat,cheese, fish and shell fish, followed by fresh fruit. With a large glass of red wine from the honesty bar this made for a perfect end to a perfect evening!The continental breakfast was magnificant; simple but first class in every way.Andrew, the manager, went out of his way to make guests feel welcome, in a quiet gentle way - he never appeared hurried and seemed to be on duty from dawn until midnight!Yes, it is expensive, but it is very special and I will return as soon as funds allow.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WhileinAustin
<Content>Great Hotel What a nice hotel, very central to eveything. We were treated like king and queens. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone traveling from the US.We will be back  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>buccsmf1
<Content>Won't stay anywhere in london but here       bedroom  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LuvMyPug2008
<Content>Fantastic Experience! My husband and I stayed for a couple nights in London after our trip to Paris and had a wonderful stay. The staff is very attentive and they tend to your every need. My husband needed a band aid and with in virtually seconds they were at our room with several band aid options!The room was nicely decorated - lots of attention to detail. We had booked the Romance Package and when we got home from a night out our room was sprinkled with rose petals, soft music, massage oil and candles. It was so beautiful and a lovely way to end the evening!You do at times feel more like you are at home rather than in a hotel. The Executive Lounge is a wonderful place to sip a glass of champagne, read a magazine and relax outside of your hotel room.The location was great - we walked most places since the weather was nice. You can virtually get anywhere in just a few minutes via cab.If you are looking for a flawless experience stay here.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bagra
<Content>Good alternative for the more established 5-star hotels in London The reviews on Tripadvsior were the main reason for us (usually staying at Claridges), choosing this hotel for our short stay in London.First of all, the taxidriver had a hard time finding this hotel. (Ask for the Rubens Hotel which is located next door).Having found the front door, a friendly welcome awaites you entering the small lobby of this hotel. An elevator takes you to the fifth floor where you walk through some narrow corridors before entering the lounge (beuatifully decorated). Very personalised welcome and we believe the other reviewers wehen saying that this place is or can be a home away from home.Only one remark; the Executive Double room we booked is really quite (say too) small for a hotel of this standing. Really everything (and I mean EVERYTHING up to the last detail) you need is in there and the room again is beautifully decorated (mainly in black and white), but one hardly can turn is this room of let's say max 15m2. If you're with your partner, do not start walking around in this room the same time; you keep on bumping into eachother. The size of the bathroom was even worse. However, a nice change to the more established 5-star hotels in London. The staff are great and the Romantic Turndown service we got was most attentive. Roseleaves everywhere and some 20 candles burning. Great surprise.We'll be back (but will book a suite next time)  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lillyNewquay
<Content>great time Stayed here for a short break. Fantastic place! Clean, cosey, well mannered staff and loverly food.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Psykiya
<Content>AMAZING service and location! I arrived at this hotel based on the reviews of Trip Advisor, and it surpassed my expectations.First of all, it is a tiny hotel that is hard to find. The taxi driver went up and down the street until he decided to call and find out where it was. So, if you go, tell the driver it's next to The Rubens (The Rubens at the Palace) and you will avoid him a lot of turns :-)The hotel is located on the second floor, so when you come in, the concierge (young and very knowledgeable) greets you and calls somebody to accompany you to the reception. This was incredible. The attention to detail, the politeness of the staff, the courtesy....In the hall they have a container with apples, so if you are EVER hungry at night (like I was) and feel like having a snack, you can always go out and help yourself. In the evening they also have drinks and snacks at the library, but I can't comment on that since I didn't attend.The hotel is *very* cozy. The decoration is classic in the library, but the rooms have a nice contemporary style. Everything they do is to make you feel very comfortable. The registration process was painless, they brought me juice while I was filling out some papers, and then they showed me to my room.The room was a surprise. Beautiful, and full of wonderful details that made my stay extremely enjoyable. First, a little blanket that seemed to decorate the bed, but that I could also use to cover while I took a nap. At night, when they went to turn down the bed, they would light a candle that looked very romantic and showed that they cared about my well being (it gave a sensation of peace). There was also a small spray bottle that I could use on my pillow to help me relax and sleep better. Wow....! Breakfast was excellent. There was variety and the food was fresh. The staff was sooooo friendly, you never felt at a hotel! It was like being at a friend's house, almost with family.Internet was also provided above the library (the place where everything happened), and they had games and books you could borrow if you felt like enjoying your afternoon at home.Now, what I liked the MOST (besides the service that beat the hotel in Dubai).... the button on the phone that read: WHATEVER WHENEVER. This was for ANYTHING you might need. Absolutely incredible. They got me tickets to the theater (great seats!), directed me to the stores I wanted to visit, a casino.... WHATEVER, whenever. They said it and they meant it.You can't go wrong with this hotel. I've been to London several times and NOTHING compares to this service. In addition, the location is great and the room is very very comfortable.If you have any questions, ask! But I'll tell you that WHENEVER I go to London, this is the place where I'll stay!!!!!!Congratulations and THANK YOU to the staff!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>technicolour_dreams
<Content>Fantastic, chic and cosy!       Our room - executive King  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>General13
<Content>The best hotel for a dream weekend in London       Executive Room  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>loves-to-travel358
<Content>awesome We spent three nights at 41 and the experience was beyond best expectations. Hotel and the staff were so good, that instead of queuing to sights and musicals we spent lovely evenings in our room.When planning our next trip we will check if there is this groups hotel near somewhere.. or decide to travel to a place where is a Red Carnation hotel.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>54JOEY
<Content>Hotel 41- home away from home. My wife and I have just returned from a European cruise holiday which started in great style at Hotel 41, Buckingham Palace Road, London. We had a splendid time in London, due in no small part to the excellent service and friendly staff at 41. They spent much time getting us a reservation in a restaurant we particularly wanted to try. All the result of a simple enquiry we made. The hotel is very cosy and welcoming. The breakfasts and snacks were well presented and more than adequate. The soy milk capuccinos that were concocted for my wife have been mentioned to anyone who has asked about our London stay.The decor is old worldly but concurrently modern with the black and white theme. Our room was comfortable and the bed (with multiple pillows) inviting.The bathroom was very well equipped and spacious. DVDs were available in addition to the TV.The internet is freely available and conveniently located in the Business Lounge section. The hotel's location is excellent and a quick taxi ride from everything. Buckingham Palace and Westminster are only a brisk walk away.We will gladly return to Hotel 41 and would advise anyone to try it out. The small premium in price compared to some other Hotels of a lower standard melts into insignificance when the overall service and convenience provided by Hotel 41 is factored in.Thanks to the staff for a very pleasant 3 night stay.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RodgerD
<Content>Sleeping on a cloud My husband and I recently visited London and stayed at this lovely botique hotel for a return visit. The experience was even better than our first stay, we were welcomed as if we were returning to our home. The staff is wonderfully attentive, without being cloying, a welcome drink is served in the lounge, where you can totally relax by the fire, or use the business center to catch up on e mails etc. The lounge also serves tasty canapes in the early evening. The staff is truly able to obtain a reservation at most any place you wish to dine, or show you wish to see; and it is made clear that it is truly is their pleasure to help you. The location of the hotel puts you in an easy walk or cab ride to everything.The room are lovely always with a delicious fruit tray upon arrival and but the really exceptional features are the beds. It is the best sleep and rest I have ever had while travelling!!!! The sheets and linnens are cloud - like. The baths are exceptional containing everything you need to complete a restful stay. I am looking forward to another return visit  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KansasCityKevin
<Content>Exemplary Accommodations  London was the final destination of our trip before returning home to the U.S. This was a casual business trip taken by my wife and I along with two employees. We were met with an attitude of sincere graciousness and hospitality. The hotel staff was friendly and eager to assist no matter the question or challenge we posed to them. The overall atmosphere was top notch and the rooms were outstanding. The private lounge was a very relaxing rallying point for our group that provided for conversation and/or access to high speed internet. I honestly cannot think of a single constructive criticism that would contribute to this company's performance. We will be back and encourage others to enjoy the experience whether in London for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>globetrotter0099
<Content>Definitely lived up to lofty expectations. Having read previous reviews before the trip, I wondered if Hotel 41 could be as exceptional as described. I am happy to say that it deserves all the praise and high ratings. The room was as expected, very comfortable and tastefully appointed. The bed was heaven at the end of a long day. I would have liked free internet access in the room, but the business center is very convenient and was always available. The housekeeping staff does a great job of making sure that you'll miss your hotel room once you've returned home.What sets this hotel apart is the staff. They are a superb group that caters to all your needs. Everyone was friendly without feeling forced.The location isn't perfect for late night activities as it's pretty quiet on buckingham palace road after dark. But at the same time, it's probably the safest place you can be in all of London. Everything is just a short walk away and, with Victoria tube station just around the corner, whatever you can't walk to is easily reached by the underground in minutes.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>moomoo0108
<Content>Excellent We always stay in 4 or 5 star hotels and have done for many years.This hotel is beautiful , small , homely, old English gentelmens club.Our room was beautifully decorated in black and white and the bed and pillows were wonderful.They had everything and more than you need in the room. The bathroom was beautiful , the staff genuinely friendly and very knowledgable and all very well groomed.The breakfast room was great, we also had a quick room service meal on our arrival which was wonderful.The location is great just behind Buckingham Palace.It is just what i imagined a British Boutique Hotel to look like.Yes it is exspensive but London is the most exspensive city for hotels at the moment and you have to pay top dollar for anything good in London.It was wet and cold and after a tourism day we got back in our room and did not want to leave to Mr. Chow for dinner.Just great.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>darc17
<Content>Outstanding hotel..... We stayed here for the weeked in March 2008 to celebrate my birthday - my husband booked this as a surprise and I was definitley not disappointed. The hotel is fabulous and is worthy of its 5 star status. We stayed in an executive king room which was outstanding. They had a birthday cake and champage in the room, with lots of extra little touches such as fresh fruit, bucket of ice, little bowls of olives. There was 3 plasma tv's in the room, including 1 in the bathroom!They really go out there way to make you feel at home. The bed was huge and so comfortable. They turned it down for you at night and left a little bottle of lavendar mist on your pillow. They also put a little card on top of the bed with the next day's weather forecast and left fresh towels in the bathroom twice a day. I cannot say enough about the personal touches. They greet by your name and cannot do enough to ensure you enjoy your stay. They do this very well without making you feel uncomfortable. As expected, the hotel is in a great location. With Buckingham Palace literally being on your doorstep. This is an excellent hotel and surpassed my expectations. I cannot recommend it enough and will definitley go back soon.Book this hotel with confidence. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jojo74London
<Content>Fantastci! Myself and boyfriend stayed at 41 Hotel last night and it totally lived up to its great reputation! Though the bedroom was a little small this did not mare the experience at all. The staff were lovely and friendly and unlike some other 4 or 5 star hotels we have stayed in were not at all stuffy or snotty!!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CHT-yew
<Content>Hotel 41 My husband and I stayed at Hotel 41 for one night to celebrate my birthday. Although the hotel was nice we found it to be soulless, overpriced and poorly located for evening entertainment. Food and drinks are prohibitively expensive - a bloody Mary costs 拢15 and doesn't even come with a stick of celery! Tea is 拢8. On a positive note the beds are exceptionally comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>InLoveOhio
<Content>Amazing Service, Fabulous English Charm Planning our first trip to London was quite overwhelming. What part of town should we stay in? What amenities are most important? How do you make a choice, easy, count on the Tripadvisor community. If it weren't for Tripadvisor, we would have never found the most amazing hotel. Located on Buckingham Palace Road, we were perfectly situated to see the city. Prior to our arrival, we were contacted by the amazing manager, Chantal. She met every need before and during our stay. Personalized service is what she specializes in. We were greeted by a doorman who knew our names. We were taken up the elevator to a beautiful room with mahogany wood, a fireplace, a library, beverages, snacks and much more. We enjoyed breakfast here each morning. The honor bar was fabulous, although the staff butlers never allowed us to carry a drink to our room! The rooms are beautiful black and white marble. Bowls of apples filled the hallways. Housekeeping and turn down service were impeccable. The rooms are air conditioned (not common in London) which was very important as we experienced more than a week of very warm weather. Every question was always answered, every need was always met from theatre tickets to child care to dinner reservations. The 41 Hotel is truly amazing (recently listed in Travel  Leisure's best 500 hotels in the world).  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amcoo23
<Content>Lived up to our expectations Hotel 41 delivered excellent service. We were met at the front door by the manager who helped us check in and offered us a free drink and snacks while we were waiting to get into our room (we were early) . The staff were very attentive, they offered advice on places to go and things to see, we had our every need catered for. The 'romantic turndown' service we ordered as an optional extra was fab - rose petals and candles were left in the room, along with a chilled bottle of verve clique champagne (this service came free if you ordered via the 'our offers' section of the hotel's website - there were lots of other things to choose from too, I'd recommend you have a look).The room was lovely - tastefully decorated in black and white. The room felt a tad small but we did go for the cheapeast option which was the executive double. If you have long legs you may have trouble using the loo in a room of this type as there's hardly any room between the loo and the bath - we're not tall so it wasn't a problem for us.The hotel was in a really good location, just a few minutes walk to Victoria tube station, there was no need to use taxi's at all. The park next to Buckingham Palace was really close by - we had a nice walk around the park on the Sunday just before checking out.I would recommend this hotel if you fancy a bit of luxury. We booked this one as it was our anniversary - we normally don't splash out so much but the free extras (i.e. the champagne and the breakfasts which would have cost 拢25 pp per day if we'd booked through the regular section of the website) meant it turned out to be really good value.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>it'sjustlittleoleme
<Content>Loved it! Loved it! Loved it! Stayed with mother and sister. This is the perfect hotel for girls out on their own. The morning breakfast was better than any restaurant breakfast we had. They take your request for tea/coffee/ toast in addition to the small buffet with nice offerings. The breakfast every morning offered eggs, sausage and/or bacon, potato, fruit, rolls. If you are walking all over London, then breakfast is the essential starter. Plus with the time difference we all woke up hungry.The hotel is pricey, so look for package deals. Ours included breakfast, one dinner in the restaurant, fresh flowers in the room, and a bottle of lovely wine. Although we had no view, the room was more than large for a London hotel. The bathroom was small , but luxuriously appointed. The shower from the ceiling was torrential if you desired. A nice change from flow regulators that so many hotels have installed. Separate bath, heated tiles in front of the sink, small flat screen, and blue subtle lighting for accent.The staff is the best point of the hotel. Eager and engaging. They remember you and really try to meet your needs. The concierge procured no wait in the line type of tickets to several attractions for the price of a regular ticket. One of the hop on/hop off tour buses operates next door. There is a gift shop across from the tour bus stop to exchange money at a more favorable rate than in the hotels. No hotel in Europe we have ever stayed in had good exchange rates. Find the gift shops with a window in the back for exchange!Walk to the palace--this hotel is on the same block basically. Walking distance to green park, and plenty of shopping within walking distance.The day we left we saw two grand carriages with footmen and horses leaving the Buckingham Palace Mews to pick up some dignitaries. Quite a site!Some reviewers here noted the small hallways and lower ceilings, but come on, this is London. They must work with the existing structures. Hotel 41 has done amazing things with the space they have.The library type of lobby is cozy. Plunder the pantry is free at night (I believe after 9pm) and usually stocked with some nice foods. It is set up in the same area as breakfast. Bread and cheese, salad, and often some chicken, turkey, or some other rolled meat offering. Chips or potato salad, etc. Usually some fruit. After enjoying a breakfast at the hotel, we would have lunch late while touring. Then back for plunder the pantry in cozy surroundings before bed. We rarely ate an actual dinner. Make every attempt not to pay rack rate. Do some homework and find a deal. This hotel has a luxurious feel and is in a suburb location!Like I said: Loved it!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maggie
<Content>everything they say Lovely hotel good location,stayed one night. Fireplace in rooms good staff.Very expensive to eat there . really nice hotel.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KarenHorsley
<Content>A Very Special Hotel My husband and two daughters stayed at this hotel for one night to celebrate my husband's 50th birthday. From the moment we arrived the staff were wonderful - they were so welcoming and friendly and the service we received was faultless. It was lovely to be greeted by name on every occasion and nothing was too much trouble for them. I booked this hotel on the back of reviews from Tripadvisor and would have no hesitation in recommending it - somewhere very special and personal and with a standard of service which would be very hard to beat.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lighttraveller1
<Content>It's undeniably the best Hotel 41 the manager and the staff should be praised for such high levels of service they set. Upon booking in we we're provided with true silver service, my wife and I wanted to take the hop on, hop off bus to get acqainted withthe city. Upon mentioning it to one of the staff, this lovely girl immediately organised our tickets and promptly showed us where to meet the bus and main attractions worth visiting.At Hotel 41, they certainly made my wife and I feel welcome and relaxed. The retaurant/library/check-in is very quaint but warm and friendly. Also the breakfast served was fantastic. The rooms were first class and every amenity you could possibly need on a holiday and somethings you thought you didn't need was provided.I also needed to arrange for a suitcase to be sent back to Melbourne as we we're well overweight with our luggage. I organised through reception to have my luggage sent unaccompanied. Again this wasn't too much for the staff, and upon returning to the hotel we we're informed that our luggage had been sent with complete details as to the time and the by whom. Again an amazing quality hotel with first class staff.The location is right opposite Buckingham Palace and just near Victoria Station a great location to get around. I do suggest that when sightseeing to access the hop on, hop off bus it's a great way to get your bearings and make your way around the city.This is one hotel I will definately continue to stay at when visiting London. Also Iwant to thank the staff for making my stay an amazing holiday break and making my wife and I feel very comfortable.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>speighty1
<Content>lovely Formal hotel Stayed here whil on a course in london, on 23rd Jan 08. Very formal place, staff are all lovely, nothing is too much trouble. A lovely friendly young man welcomes you at the door, then another member of staff takes you up to resception.Room was lovely, very clean. Everything you need is there.And you have a nice selection for breakfast.I cannot fault this place.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kristaWales
<Content>OK but... Stayed here in a double for one night. Loved the feel of the place - relaxed and luxurious. The service is first class in that it is attentive and all staff are friendly and helpful. I especially like the executive lounge and butlers pantryIssuesI booked a double without breakfast from the hotel web site at best rate guarenteed 拢199 without breakfast (extra 拢25) plus vatI then saw an offer with Hotels.com for a city break in the hotel for 拢224 including breakfast and afternoon tea) plus vat - getting afternoon tea at not more cost was a better dealI emailed the hotel and asked about taking up ths offer and the email response was that I would have to cancel the reservation with the hotel and book with hotels,com.When I came to do this there wasnt a double available in the offer - it was available but for a dearer room - not suprising as there were no doubles left in the hotel as I'd booked one!I phoned the hotel and explained the situation and the lady said she would investigate and phone me back - which she didn't do even though she asked for my mobile numberWhen I got to the hotel and checked in I explained about this and asked whether it had been sorted and they said they had me down for the 拢199 booking. I asked whether I could have the offer and this was brushed aside - the lady neither offered the city break deal nor offered to investigate - I got a feeling they didnt like to interfere with the booking system. I couldnt be bothered to persue it - however I expected a more proactive level of serviceOther minor niggles - not particuarly a problem but should they be happening in a 5 star hotel? - there was a welcome letter from the manager - very nice touch but he welcomed me back - 'nice to see you again' and this was my first visitI had been asked on the web site about my favourite fruit and there was none in the roomThe room was fine - but some noise from the road, no view and some issues again eg I couldnt turn the light off from my bed as the beds bedhead was jammed on the light switchThese are minor things but jarred as my expectations were high and not me I dont think I should have to ask/query things. No one ever said is everything OK , can I have some feedback, there was a feeling of isnt this wonderful hereBreakfast was nice but my scrambled eggs were not piping hot - they have to cook next door and it was 拢25 which I think is expensive for what it wasOverall a lovely experience but not particulary good value for one and I probably woudnt stay with them again, especially if I am in a room by myself  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	2	5	4	

<Author>SandersMusic
<Content>It could have been a disaster鈥?#x201d;       John welcomes us to the 41 Lounge  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xianachanna
<Content>Friendly, personalised service If you are looking for service that not only gives you a smile, but surpasses you expectations, this is the place for you. We stayed over Christmas and had a lovely time. The hotel takes well behaved dogs, so we were allowed to share the holiday with our dog. The room was well appointed and spacious. The lounge was a great place to relax by the fire after a day walking around the city. This is a good place for tourists and has some of the best business facilities that I have seen. (Even though it was Christmas, we had to keep in touch with clients). There are excellent transport links close by and if you are travelling with the dog, two of the prettiest parks in London are a short stroll away.We travel to London frequently and have stayed in other 5 star hotels. 41 is the best. We will be returning again, and recommend this property highly.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pollokboy
<Content>Your own London club Looking for a hotel room at the last minute, I was highly influenced by previous TripAdvisor reviews of this property. I have seldom felt quite this comfortable with my eventual choice. 41 is a gem of a place, near to Victoria Station geographically and close to an old school London club in ambience - think Boodle's or White's with a contemporary twist. The staff were, without exception, friendly and efficient. The manager greeted us as we checked in and the receptionist showed us to our room. When we returned from our evening out, we stopped in the Executive Lounge for a nightcap of port from the honour bar and some (complimentary) cheese and fresh fruit. Cheese before bed is supposed to give you nightmares. 41 is a dream.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cruella55
<Content>Wonderfully Relaxing After a previous slightly disappointing stay we were invited back by the lovely manager, Andrew, so the hotel could prove itself to us. And it did! Our room was beautifully comfortable and elegantly appointed. From the moment we arrived, every member of staff was attentive without going over the top. Andrew made every effort to ensure we enjoyed our stay and another member of staff, Ashley, also deserves mention as being kind and attentive to us. The 'plunder the pantry' idea is wonderful for post-theatre snacks and sitting having a drink in front of the fire in the beautiful library is just superb. The breakfast was superb (go for the buffet, it is brilliant!) and we just had the most relaxing time. I would definitely return here and our previous stay was obviously just a blip. All establishments can have off days, the mark of a manager is how he deals with problems and Andrew dealt with ours perfectly. Stay here if you can, it's worth every penny!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NVRam123
<Content>Perfect Vacation       The bedroom of the suite  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jennifer6343
<Content>41=100% Hotel 41 definitely deserves the five-star rating. The entrance is situated right next to the Reubens (actually, above the Reubens, on the 5th floor), having a private, key-card access. In fact, it is part of the Red Carnation/Reubens hotel chain. It is all of a 5-minute walk over to Victoria Station and directly across from the Mews. We found the room was more than lovely; they surprised us by upgrading our room at no additional charge. Two types of robes, full-length mirror, flat-screen TV, everything from shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, toothbrush  toothpaste, hair-dryer, iron, ironing board,lemon  water, and other miscellaneous ammenities plus the complimentary Plunder the Pantry as well as the demeanor of the staff put this boutique hotel up at the top in our book. Oh, another thing that was complimentary were free passes to the gym nearby--LA Fitness Center.There is no question that 41is on the pricey side, but all things considered, I think you get what you pay for. There certainly were no surprises in the end-price by tacked-on additional charges which weren't known when booking. We liked the breakfast--the food was hot and delicious and fresh. There are also complimentary computers, so you don't necessarily have to bring one, and newspapers and a welcome drink--choice of champagne, wine, juice, or whatever. The staff treats you like you want to be treated and are genuinely interested in each guest, even remembering your name. Rooms are extremely quiet and peaceful. At night when the beds are turned down, they even put a small water candle in the bathroom. If you are a single female traveler, you cannot ask for a more perfect place as it is so centrally-situated, safe, and peaceful. I asked the manager whether it's better to book online or by phone, and he said by Internet as that has the better prices. They have a 'lowest fare' guarantee where if you do find a price better than the one you already have, they will honor the lower price. I was surprised to see somewhat negative comments by other travelers concerning 41 as we experienced only top-rated service, attention, andsatisfaction. However, 41 is certainly not cheap and if you have a weakening American dollar, the price per night can turn you off. Do think again, though, as to how to budget. If you are able to do a splurge on your hotel room, you can always find ways to save on funds through eating cheap and traveling via the Tube--even to and from Heathrow. On one of the days of our stay there, we stayed in during the entire morning and into the early afternoon instead of fighting the crowds outside. Just 'hanging around' like that made our whole stay even moreenjoyable and gave us a bit more mileage for what we paid.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JDBLondon
<Content>The best hotel I have ever stayed at! My boyfriend took me to this hotel as a surprise for our anniversary and I can honestly say it is the best hotel I have stayed in. I just dont get the negative reviews listed for it and am sure that some people just have to find something to complain about...(maybe its them and not the hotel..!)We were treated amazingly throughout - you cannot fault the service. They make you feel like nothing is any trouble at all and cannot do enough to make you stay special.The room that we had was a king room with a fire place. Granted it wasnt the biggest room, but your in London so I wouldnt expect it. The furniture and decor is gorgeous and everything you could think of is provided in the room - including 2 types of bath robe and an I-pod deck.There is an honesty bar and free snacks avaliable through out the day that you are encouraged to take.I cant say how much I loved this place and at the moment I am trying to convice my boyfriend to take us back but this time for longer..!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Magpiesnest
<Content>Satisfied, not overwhelmed..... I normally stay at the Lanesborough when in London however following great reviews of Hotel 41 on Trip Advisor I thought I would try it.Hmmm, nice enough but I didn't quite see what made others on this site so estatic. The staff were very good which as we all know is a rareity in London. The food in the Library Bar was good but should have been at the fairly high prices. The Superior Room I booked was quite small but nicely furnished. The TV reception was poor and the remote had no backing so the batteries kept slipping out. When I mentioned it the staff quickly brought another but it didn't work either. The TV reception was so poor so it didn't really matter anyway I suppose. We had breakfast in the Hotel 41 (not in the Library Bar which is really another hotel next door / part of the same building) and this involves ordering from the menu which I suppose means it gets cooked next door. The omlette was quite nice and probably had been hot when it started its journey to me but was cool by the time it arrived - not quite 4* service.I may stay here again if on business and want to save 拢100 over the Lanesborough but then again, probably not.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>GillianDamir
<Content>Outstanding Boutique Hotel We have just returned from spending one night at Hotel 41 and it was quite simply superb!Could not fault the hotel or the staff who were most attentive, polite and very professional. Gorgeous large modern bathrooms and the best bed we have ever slept in. Everything was spotlessly clean - just wish we could of stayed for a week!!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michelle2575
<Content>Beautiful hotel We stayed in this hotel for one night in November and it was fantastic from the second we arrived. The hotel staff were excellent and made us feel welcome and relaxed throughout our stay. I have stayed in 5 star hotels before and have sometimes felt uncomfortable by the snobby attitudes of some of the hotel staff when they know that you have booked the hotel at a discounted rate and are not as wealthy as some of the other guests. That was far from the case in hotel 41. We were given complimentary champagne when we checked in and then taken to a beautiful room overlooking buckingham palace. The room was immaculate and had all mordern facitlites you would expect and more. The shower was incredible! Our breakfast was inluded and we were told we could have it in the room for no extra charge. We simply filled in our breakfast choices and hung it on the door before we went to bed with the time we wanted it to arrive. The next morning it was brought to the room exactly at the time we ordered - delicious! The location of the hotel is perfect, just a few minutes walk from victoria station and the underground. There are also lots of resturants surounding the hotel which offer lots of choice if you want to eat out.  I cannot praise this hotel enough it was well worth the money and was a treat for both of us. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>millbrookcottages
<Content>I love this hotel! I hate London! But going to Hotel 41 makes it all worth while! The hotel is the best in London for me. The staff are friendly and welcoming and the rooms are home from home. The lounge area is great and the chefs pantry and honesty bar are great touches. If you need to go to London go to Hotel 41!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>breakslikeglass
<Content>a true oasis I stayed at this hotel about 2 years ago and previously wrote a review based on that stay, saying i thought the value vs. price was not worth it, that it was overpriced for the caliber of hotel it was purporting to be, but I TOTALLY retract my negative comments. i just stayed there again on my last visit to London and couldn't have stayed at a finer hotel. the price is very comparable to other luxury hotels in London and what you actually get in return is tremendous, beginning from the warm welcome by the friendly and extremely knowledgeable staff, to the welcome glass of champagne and array of snacks, to the invitation to join them for canap茅s and drinks in the evening and the turndown service with candles, robes and slippers laid out. it's a true oasis from the rush of central London. you won't regret it!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stiffoak
<Content>are you getting what you pay for? Will start with the room as that is where you spend most time. Interesting that there are few pictures of the normal (non suite) rooms. Ours was quite small with limited space down the sides of the bed and virtually no storage space for clothes. We were there only one night but would be a major problem if you were there any longer - and paying those prices why should you have to live out of the suitcase?The bathroom in the pictures must again be for a suite as ours was much smaller with great showers, but the bath was too small for two!Then it's silly things like the travelodge style tea and coffee tray (perhaps they should go to some of the Radissons I've stayed at to see their espresso machines) and the delay in getting the champagne to the room and the dreadful view- things which detract from what is supposed to be 5 star.The outside areas were amazing - yes you do feel like you are in a private club in an oasis of calm away from normal London. The service is generally very good. Not sure about the concierge concept. I gave a list of several places I would like to go for dinner and only one was available and at too early a time.Overall a great experience - just don't look for the sock drawer!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jjverdl
<Content>Loved it! Loved it!! Loved it!!! Think that says it all! We spent 5 glorious nights at 41 and would return without reservation. It's like being a guest in an English estate. The staff is superb!! We arrived from Scotland, by train, on my birthday. As we checked in we were offered a glass of champagne and comfy couch -- this was check-in, if you can imagine!! From that moment on it was heaven. We had dinner in the library and returned to our room to find it covered in red rose pedals -- a red heart on the bed -- a cake, a bouquet of flowers, and red floating candles all over the entire room! Andrew and Frederic were wonderful!! Breakfast each day was so relaxing -- every whim was attended to! Can't wait to return!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShaunaSchain
<Content>Hotel 41 deserves the accolades What an amazing experience in London! The hotel reminded me of a Kimpton, very comfy beds and great amenities. The staff (Sofie was great!) did their best to make my stay and my parent's stay fantastic. They couldn't have been warmer and more accommodating. I would definitely select this hotel again while in London--and the location couldn't be more convenient for all tourist activities.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dolly-may
<Content>Sheer Pleasure We had booked 41 for a birthday weekend. Having stayed at many 5* in London we have been searching for a more personal touch and 41 has it in plenty. From the moment you arrive you are made to feel very special. The black and white decor is perfect for deco lovers. The atmosphere is private club rather than hotel, peaceful and classy.Room stunning, gleaming clean, fabulous bedding of Egyptian Cotton crisp and inviting to say nothing of the comfort of the mattress!Breakfast in the Lounge where every whim can be accomodated with discreet loving service from the gorgeous staff. You are always known by your name and you really feel you are part of the family not just passing through.Every member of staff knows who you are and greets you with the same warmth.Few little negatives, wrong type of room had been allocated, this was soon dealt with but we did feel a little uncomfortable as if we were trying to upgrade ourselves, which was not the case. There was no fruit in the room although this was advertised as being included, this was rectified later when we mentioned it. few other little niggles but not really want to focus on them as the whole experience was so beautiful and if anything is not right it is rectified and apologised for straight away.A wonderful birthday cake was left in our room, such a lovely surprise, we were too full to eat so it was boxed carefully for our journey and put in a lovely hessian bag, wonderful touches like this make for a very special experience.This is not the hotel for you if you like to remain anonymous as the level of interaction may be too much for you but if you love to be pampered and made to feel very special, stay at 41 we will be returning soon, spoilt for other hotels now as they may be lovely but where else would you get the service level!! Go on treat yourself without hesitation!!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Challenger007
<Content>Impeccable The 41 is impeccable. The moment you step in the door you feel as if you are entering a private residence. The excellent decor combines traditional elegance with a twist. Black and white dominates the bedrooms, and the lounge (think elegant private Library) with it's large conservatory style roof, repeats the theme adding in a discreet bit of animal print. The young polished international staff provides finely tuned personal service.I don't want to emphasize the smallness of the room or property -it happens to be a huge part of the charm. Guest rooms provided everything imaginable and then some. I spent about 20 minutes aquainting myself with the immense list of turn down gifts special bath elixirs, relaxing pillow spray, lengthly pillow menu (this list goes on) and if your cherished pet is fortunate enough to be traveling along, 41 has special meals, signature bedding, welcome baskets, and numerous treats for your companion. NO request is too large as evidenced by the self explanatory Whatever/Whenever button on the phone.Back to the room, heavenly bedding (and bed), fireplace, small writing desk, two chairs and cocktail table, a hefty stack of great magazines, simply the best map and listing of local attractions I've seen, small ice bucket and slices of fresh lime and lemon alongside a bamboo skewer (great touch). A place for my iPod Yay! Speakers tucked in all the corners! The bathroom was well stocked too with lovely smelling Blenheim bath bubbles and soap, nice big soaking tub with rain showers in tub and separate shower, heated towel bar with loads of fluffy towels everywhere (amazing how so many hotels miss this item and only give you 2 large bath towels and pairs of hand and wash cloths). The lovely ebony wood fitted closet also provided for every need, desire, and luxury. On arrival the young lady checking us in provided us with a pre-dinner welcome cocktail and small nibbles in the room while we unpacked our things. When returning to the hotel after dinner we were greeted by scented lit candles, fluffy robes, and faux fur bed throw-can you spoil us more? Ironically on check-in we were asked if we were celebrating any special occasion during our stay and we said no-I can't wait to return for a special day just to see what 41 has in mind for those special occasions!Breakfast is served in the Lounge (or your guest room) and the attention to detail continues. A.M. food choices such as fresh fruits, berry compote, gorgeous baked goods, juices, numerous cereals (organic too), cooked english breakfast, and a la carte menu.Phew! Now I know what life is like across the street at the castle.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ERICJO
<Content>Worth Every Cent Hotel 41 is an expensive hotel but our 4 night stay was beyond our expectations. The rooms were excellent/fantastic, everything that was required to make a stay enjoyable was included. Attention to detail in all things and a level of service which was both practical and yet not suffocating.The lounge was a fantastic place to escape and relax.The location was perfect.You do spend alot of money but hey! Its one of those rare times when the final product far exceeds the expense paid.Well done!!The hotel photos represent what you actually get.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KimCambs
<Content>Great hotel Fantastic hotel - shame we only had one night here. The staff were friendly and efficient and we felt completely relaxed and pampered. We had a pot of tea brought ot our room when we arrived and it came with lovely pastries ( a welcome surprise).The concierge even managed to get us top tickets to a top show which has a 2 -3 month waiting list.The location is great. Would definitely reccommend it.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmike
<Content>Our wonderful home away from home We spent 7 wonderful nights at the Hotel 41 the first week in September celebrating our 41st anniversary. The hotel and the staff made our stay better than we could have ever hoped for. Chantal and her staff made for a fun, relaxing stay. After long days of seeing the sights of London it was always a real treat to return the 41. The moment we walked through the private entrance we felt like we returned home, safe and secure. Our room was luxurious comfort with a wonderful bed. The free wireless internet was fast and the flat panel TV was a pleasure to watch. Any request we made were taken care of quickly and always with smiles. The morning breakfasts were a great relaxing way to start each day. Wonderful food and conversations with the staff about what we had planned for the day.We found the location ideal. Close to Victoria Station for the Tube and a block from Buckingham Palace and St. James Park for a walk. We saw Wicked while we were there and the theater was a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Lots of shopping and dinning options close to the hotel.It was by far the best hotel stay we have ever experienced anywhere. We really look forward to our next trip to London so we can stay at the 41 again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BOBDNYC
<Content>None can compare We just returned from a month-long trip and bookended our travels with 2 stays at the 41. What a great ecperience this was. Firstly, the staff are exceptional. Friendly, attentive and loads of fun. From the sassy Chantal to the lovely Daphne and Antoinette, we were well cared for and coddled. The accomodations are well appointed and luxurious. The beds are a dangerous enterprise as they are so comfortable they could hold you hostage. Superb ammenities and wonderful touches such as fresh ice and lemon every evening along with the well stocked and always open pantry to plunder. Meals were superb and again, the staff could not be more efficient or lovely. We now have a new home in London. Thanks again for everything.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mari129
<Content>It's the people who make this hotel so wonderful! We are leaving Hotel 41 today. Our stay here has been perfect. The staffs energy and eagerness to please and help have been beyond our expectations. The rooms are typicaly European in size but lovely appointed. The fluffiest towels ever! Enjoy this gem. We would definitely stay here or at any Red Carnation Hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mivy
<Content>Wow! We love to spend a few days in London and have stayed at many hotels, non however surpassing the wonderful experience of 41.Chantal and all of her staff were attentive in every detail.The room we had was great, and although everything was very luxurious we were made to feel relaxed and at home.We are so pleased to have found 41, we now don't need to look anywhere else,I can't wait until the next time!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>montyswan
<Content>Fab, Fab, Fab!!! Wow - what an amazing find this hotel turned out to be! Discreetly located next door to its bigger sister the Rubens, this hotel offers attentive, yet unobtrusive levels of service seldom found. All areas are tastefully furnished and it really does feel like a home from home. We found all the staff without exception to be extremely welcoming, friendly yet utterly proffesional - nothing is too much trouble. Masses of fluffy white towels in the lovely rooms, gallons of hot water, and the breakfasts......ooooh the breakfasts are amazing. A small but perfectly designed hotel where attention to the tiniest detail make this a great place to stay. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aggie85
<Content>Hotel 41 is GREAT! Staying at Hotel 41 while we were in London was the best decision we ever made. From the moment we stepped onto the property, we were made to feel as if we were the most important people in the world. The entire staff pampered us. They granted our every wish. The best part was being able to completely relax and let someone else tend to our needs...from making us afternoon tea to arranging tickets to the London Eye. Bottom line, if you want true personalized attention, Hotel 41 is the place to stay. Keep in mind, though, it is very expensive.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Womble9
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel! This was without doubt the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Not only is it beautifully clean and well looked after, the room was gorgeous and very stylish and the staff are so polite, interested and very keen to be of service. The attention to detail is fantastic and the food is delicious! We stayed there on our wedding night and the following night before flying off on our honeymoon. When we arrived in our room at 1am. The lights were dimmed and lighted candles in lovely red glasses had been placed throughout the room. Petals scattered everywhere, including a heart shape of petals on the bed! Classical music was playing and there was a bottle of veuve clicquot on ice (we booked a sparkle weekend which included a bottle of champagne - I have never known a hotel to serve veuve clicquot as part of a booking deal - what class!). It was a perfect end to a perfect day. We had also booked breakfast as part of our booking deal which they happily served the next day in our room - again room service breakfast, in our experience, has always been extra but not in this case!Even if it is not your wedding night the hotel is fantastic and we would, with out doubt, highly recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dowagerton
<Content>What more can I say? There's nothing significant to add but I just wanted to reiterate that yet another couple found this to be a truly nice hotel. It is polished to a lovely glow, both the furnishings and the staff. The people who work in this hotel are the nicest and most helpful I have encountered. Hopefully, Hotel 41 will continue to epitomize London style and grace.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zerobajan
<Content>swish My wife and I have been using Trip Advisor for the last 2 years, but we have only just 'joined up' and decided to post some reviews from our 'relatively' recent travels.We stayed at Hotel 41 in early April of 2006. We actually overnighted there on the way to Paris and then spent five nights on our return to London.The Hotel and its staff is simply lovely. We had just spent a wonderful couple of nights in Windermere in the Lake District, and thought it impossible to experience the kind of gentile, personalised luxury we encountered up north, but we were to be proved wrong.The rooms, service, location etc, are all just like the positive reviews of this hotel indicate and NOTHING is too much trouble. The service truly is extraordinary.For instance, having travelled to the UK for the better part of two weeks from our home in the Caribbean, we had quite a bit of luggage, and therefore enquired of the manager at 41 if it would be alright for them to keep the majority of our luggage while we went on our weekend jaunt to Paris, knowing that we would return to spend the rest of our vacation with them. It was simply not a problem, and it enabled us to travel relatively light (as light as my wife will travel!) for the weekend.We had one issue when I returned back home with an existing/extra charge on our credit card - which was in fact the reservation/security deposit - which they had forgot to remove, but they sorted it out and promised that if we came back they would upgrade us for the inconvenience. Upgrade offer or not, I will find it hard to put another hotel ahead of 41 in our choice of accommodation in London.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hootiebear
<Content>home away from home I took my daughter fro her 10th birthday to Europe for the first time. Thank you to all the friendly staff at this hotel. I will come back anytime to visit. Thanks for the apples every day. And thanks for taking good care of us. The last day we saw the carriages of the queens across street. How thrilling to get a glance right from your hotel. Very homey and personal. The bar and piano is great each nightto end your evening.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MEMNYY18
<Content>The Best Hotel in London There is a reason why this hotel was voted so high up on the 100 Greatest Hotels in the world. I cant say enough good things about this hotel. My wife and I stayed here for our wedding anniversary and it was a great experience.The best feature of the hotel is the staff. EVERYONE went out of their way to make you feel welcomed. Chantal and Antoinette were exceptional, friendly and responsive to all our needs. The morning breakfast really was great with many things to choose from. The Library is a nice quiet area to relax. Free high speed internet is located in each room and the rooms arer nicely decorated. The room was a tad small but if that is the worst I can say then that is saying something. The hotel restaurant in the connecting hotel the Rubens was a bit pricey so we traveled over to the connecting B Bar. The food and service in the B Bar was absolutely great. The hotel is located near Victoria Station so you can take the Gatwick Express and walk two blocks. The central area to all attractions is a big plus. Again I cant say enough about how truly amazing this hotel is. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for perfection!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tripeeCanada
<Content>Loved Hotel 41 This was a fabulous hotel. The concierge was extremely helpful, and the library sitting room is a nice refuge. Rooms are very nice, and include a Bose speaker for your Ipod. The turndown service included soft slippers and robe, lavender pillow spray, chocolates, and a candle. The location is great as well for the London tourist. Highly recommend this hotel. Maybe not for families, but definitely for couples, or families with older children.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DSA48
<Content>A Wonderful Stay We were very impressed with this hotel. The staff were extremely helpful, polite and professional. We booked dinner in the Library Restaurant and staff and food were excellent. Rooms are extremely well equipped - everything from an umbrella to a stapler! The turndown service included soft slippers and robe, lavender pillow spray, chocolates, and a candle. We thoroughly enjoyed this whole experience and, despite the cost, will try to visit again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LJTCDC
<Content>The best. We booked this hotel at the last minute - and what a pleasant surprise. It is more expenseive than we would usually pay - but it was worth every penny. The staff were ever so helpful and the suite had everything you could think of. The hotel is well located for business in the West End and for shopping - we will be back.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MA_JA_AUS
<Content>Brilliant small hotel with the best service anywhere.. My wife and I spent 5 days at 41 in May. We selected this hotel after extensive research and were not disappointed with what we found. We booked through the Unique Small Hotels website which worked fine.The service here is simply outstanding. All the staff are excellent but the Resident Manager, Chantal is brilliant. Not only does she bring a breath of charming energy and efficiency to the place but simply works hard to make you feel really welcome - My wife's birthday occurred while we were there and we came back from dinner to find the room sprinkled with rose petals - a Chantal touch that will bring us back.The hotel is small and clubby but seems to attract a cross section of guests across the age groups - no old gentlemans club feel here - just a nice intimate atmosphere where you feel that you are known after only 1 or 2 days in the placeWe had an Executive King room and yes - I agree with previous reviews that the room, whilst beautifully decorated and with a most comfortable bed (we had no issues with the black and white decor) is slightly on the small side, but the bathroom is great and the plumbing wonderfully effective for England. The Executive Lounge is a great place to end the day after pounding around London and compensates largely for the slightly small room. Breakfast is great and included the room rate, a real benefit. Location is fine - 3 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station / underground and a beautiful 10-15 minute walk down Birdcage Walk to WestminsterNo - it's not cheap (but where in London is) and it does lack an on site gym, but if you want to stay at a large 5 star monolith then that's where you should be - for us- we would rather be at 41.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gbn
<Content>Location! One-night stay while returning from a tour of the UK, with my wife. Due to some sort of problem with Expedia's reservation system (I think they oversold), we were upgraded to a junior suite. Wow! It was two stories (though 6'2 ceilings on the top story), gas fireplace, sitting room, and a super bathroom with separate tub  shower.This location is just a few blocks from Victoria Station in one direction, and Buckingham Palace in the other direction. It's several stories up on a very busy street, so you can hear some street noises.The hotel is very nicely decorated. A feature is a sitting room, which doubles as the reception area and breakfast area. Enjoyable and, again, nicely decorated. It looks like the 15' ceilings allowed rooms to be split into two stories, as for our suite.The street noises and relatively cramped feeling of the hotel (narrow hallways, short ceilings) were the only real drawbacks I noticed. Overall, this is a top-quality hotel in a very desirable location.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>DonFTL
<Content>Great Service but... Spent 5 nights at the Hotel 41 after lots of research (especially due to positive reviews on this site). I won't rehash everything that's already been written but here are the pro's and cons:Pros: - Service was EXCELLENT, I mean bend over backwards polite service for anything you could ask for. I've stayed in many great 5 Star hotels (I'm writing this from a 5star in Madrid now) and the employees at Hotel 41 are the best I've encountered. I can't say enough good things about the staff they work very hard to make their guests comfortable. Requests were met almost instantly via the whatever/whenever button on the phone. So fast it was almost freightening! One employee, Chantel was particularly charming and enjoyable to meet. - Food was also very good and breakfast in bed was well done every morning. (Included in rate). Plunder the pantry was also a nice touch each night. The BBar was excellent but for some reason is only open on weekdays.Neutral:- Location - right near Buckingham Palace but not really in the middle of too much in London. The neighborhood is basically residential once you walk a block or two. If you are flying in from Gatwick, the hotel is in walking distance to the Gatwick Express Train that is a godsend going back and forth. There is actually a show within easy walking distance to the hotel - Billy Elliott - which was wonderful.- Size of hotel - it does feel like you are entering a private club however you miss out on big hotel features like a spa or gym (although they do have free gym passees to LA Fitness just down the street)Cons:- The rooms. The room (executive King) nearly drove me crazy. Upon entering the room for the first time my instant reaction was that I made a mistake in choosing this hotel (The level of service from the staff made me stay and I have to say I enjoyed my stay overall). Maybe I needed a better room category or something but the photos posted online make the rooms look so much bigger and welcoming than they really are. Although the rooms have everything you could ask for (including great water pressure and even an IPod player) there is so much crap and decor and extra furniture that you bump into something on any trip across the room. I felt like I was in a rickety old cruise ship not in a 5-star hotel. Although everything was very very clean, to me, it just felt old and not charming. I hope someday they renovate with a slightly more modern and less cluttered decor. The black and white seemed charming at first but after 5 nights I slowly started to lose my mind ....I don't think I'll ever get the vase of dried BLACK roses perched atop of the fireplace out of my mind!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	1	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rsteiner
<Content>Loved this small charming hotel I loved this hotel it was more then I expected. The service was very personal and the staff did everything they could to help you with whatever you needed. There were four of us so we had two rooms the room we had was lovely with a small fireplace and sitting area and a very nice bathroom with everything you could ask for. Our sons room was a little bit smaller but just as nice. Our room was 4101 and our sons was 4102. The little things they did really made it lovely like lighting a floating candle in the bathroom at night when they turned down your bed and speaking of the beds they were the best we had on our 3 week trip from the two pillows each to the big fluffy duvet we slept so well. We stayed for 4 nights - whenever we go back to London this will be our hotel of choice. It is only 28 rooms if you want personal service with alot of charm then this is the place for you. We loved it - you cann't go wrong if you choose this hotel. I booked it after reading the reviews - the people that gave it a bad rating must have stayed at a different hotel then we did. I cann't say enough about this hotel it was excellent.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WhereElse
<Content>Returning Guest       My favorite table in the Executive Lounge at 41.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AngusPB
<Content>If you want the experince of a private club in London this is it The 41 is an absolute gem,its cosy with very attentive genuinely friendly staff.It feels as though you are in a private house with a gathering of old friendsThe hotel rooms are small so if you like oceans of space this hotel is not for you but they have every possible personal desire in the room includng ipod speakers,personal robes-let your imagination roam!Its perfectly siutated opposite Buckingham Palace and undoubtedely one of the best hotels in London.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mullanrail
<Content>One of the best My wife and I stayed for one night in March (Saturday) and had an excellent stay. First, let me put my star rating in context - it is not my interpretation of how many stars it should have above its door or in a guide book. It is a rating relative to price and expectations. We had high expectations of the hotel and if it had met those expectations, we would have given it 3 stars (i.e. neutral, as expected). I only rate above 3 if the hotel exceeds expectations. The booking was simple and direct through the hotel website. I paid 拢240 for an Exectuive King Room. My wife arrived before me as I was travelling back from a business trip and she was first given a tour or the hotel, some champagne, some fruit and shown to our room. When I arrived I was offered the same experience, declined the tour but accepted the champagne! The room was very nice. Not huge, but as described on the web-site. What the web-site doesn't convey are the little touches that really impress. The quality of the beds, furniture, audio/visual equipment was excellent. Toiletries were also at the 'luxury' end. Style was on the modern side. During our stay the hotel sorted out lunch, dinner and theatre arrangements with ease. All the staff knew our names and room numbers even if we hadn't met that particular member of staff before. All were very polite and helpful.The location is quite good for tourists - very near the Palace, Parks and London Victoria Travel interchange. The only reason I can't give 5 stars is that, since I only stayed for 1 night and spent a lot of time around London, I didn't get to experience the whole of the hotel facilities. On check-out we used the lounge (very nice), and the free internet and printer facilities to check in for our flights. I will definitely be back if I return to London.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lulublue42
<Content>Appalingly poor service and tiny rooms I haven't written a review for some time, but felt after what i had experienced i should put pen to paper. If you dont mind paying 拢250.00 for a room that is clean, pleasantly decorated and are not looking for anything else then this might be the hotel for you. However if you expect to be able to get out of either side of the bedwhen the curtains are shut, require an edible breakfast and competentstaff, then you will be as bitterly disappointed with this hotel as i was. From the ridiculously laid out room, to no turn down service, to neither of the papers we had requested being delivered in the morningeven after complaining the list goes on and on. But the piece de resistance was being presented with a cold preformed, precooked rubber pancake for breakfast, which i promptly sent back to be returned hot, yet ended up waiting around an hour for a new one before giving up on breakfast entirely. No appology given by any member of staff, who seemed to busy chatting to each other than to their guests.Would i return - not on your nelly!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	5	1	1	1	

<Author>SydneyFrequentFlyer
<Content>A bit of style, not a lot of substance This is a small boutique hotel with cozy, chic rooms that is ideal for a weekend visit to London. But if you are looking for a hotel that has all the usual mod cons this isn't it. Hotel 41 relies on the hotel next door (The Ruben) for a lot of its services which makes the hotel incredibly inefficient. Things you take for granted in other hotels are an absolute chore here (and the staff make it feel that way too). The porter has to run from the hotel next door to greet you if he's not too busy and food takes forever to arrive either to your room or in the club lounge. If you just need a nice looking room for a night this fits the bill - otherwise look elsewhere - there are much better alternatives for the same price.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>TravelbugVancouver
<Content>Great Place! We had a wonderful time at this hotel. Great atmosphere  service. The rooms are tastefuly decorated with 24 hour service. My husband needed some assistance with the internet at 2 am, and they sent someone up immediately. Room service took a while to come but other than that everything about this hotel is top notch.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lapchien
<Content>Very good hotel Stayed here recently for one night, weekend break in London to see Billy Elliot - great location as the Victoria Palace theatre is practically next door.The hotel has a very clubby atmosphere, all the staff were very polite and you really felt as though nothing was too much trouble (the room service button on the telephone in your room is called 'whatever, whenever').Loved the special touches, like complimentary supper and a help-yourself-but-put-it-in-the-honesty-book, and the turn-down service was spectacular, as hotels go - candle lit in the bathroom, tv remote and tv guide open on correct night, slippers and robes laid out, soft music switch on. Very nice indeed!If I had to be picky, I could say that the rooms are a little small, and some of the room service items listed as available for 24 hours were not - but I am being picky, and didn't think to even mention it on checkout.If you go for the pre-theatre dinner at the Old Masters restaurant (attached to the hotel) be aware that it's a carvery only affair, and we did feel a little over dressed. I'd have preferred a more intimate, restaurant meal, but in the end again I had no complaint - the roast rib of beef was superb! I would consider staying at this hotel again. It is a fraction out of the way, being up the wrong side of Buckingham Palace, which meant a few walks down the Mall to a more lively environment, but all in all it's a very good hotel, very smart. Staff make you feel special, and not so expensive either. Recommended!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LizzieG
<Content>Quintessentially English We stayed at this hotel for only one night, and it was definitely too short an experience! We would have asked to stay another night but unfortunately we had to leave that day.The service and the smiles that you get with it are the characteristics that set this hotel apart. You get the feeling that the staff are really looking out for you, and genuinely want to to make your stay exceptional. There is no austerity nor pretentiousness about the place.We stayed in an executive double, which was small but perfectly formed. The room reflected on the hotel as a whole: quintessentially english but with all modern conveniences and luxuries too. I particularly liked the fact that nothing was stingy - there were more than ample toiletries (Penhaligon's), complimentary snacks etc. We went out after a light tea and returned at midnight starving so plunder the pantry was fantastic for us; the breakfast was also delicious.All in all, this hotel is onto a winner: 5 star facilities and service, in a great location, with a distinctly personal touch!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BrettBarnsley
<Content>Great staff, oasis of class and calm We stayed for one night midweek. From our arrival to departure the staff were friendly, helpful and very polite. The rooms are excellent so is the breakfast in the execuitive lounge. It is so quiet you could imagine not being in central London.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Expat_Girl25
<Content>Gorgeous Boutique Hotel I stayed in this hotel for one night in February with my boyfriend  thought it was gorgeous. Unfotunately we were only in London for one night, I would definitely like to stay in this hotel for a longer period.The staff were attentive  friendly  the room was beautiful, if slightly small. The location of the hotel is perfect for sight seeing in London - so close to Buckingham Palace you can see it.I'd definitely recommend staying here for a treat.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jbrisco
<Content>Great experiance Great Hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights in a split level suite and it was a true pleasure. Staff was very attentive and room was outstanding. Breakfast was very good. Hotel sits adjacent to sister property Reubans, directly across from the Royal Mews @ Buckingham Palace. I would stay here again and recommend to others. Bag of Nails Pub across the way is pretty good for quick bite and a pint.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Stanleyps
<Content>A Jewel In The Crown What a lovely surprise in Victoria. 41 resembles an elegant private club with beautiful furnishings and outstanding service. The rooms are elegant and very thoughtfully fitted. Mine had a huge marble bath with separate shower and a working fireplace. The bed is comfy and has down pillows and high quality linens. Chantal and Andrew were terrific in making it an exceptional experience. Although there's not much around in the area such as restaurants it is a hotel I would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>savvyinsider
<Content>The BEST HOTEL ever! Wow! I can't begin to tell you how wonderful this hotel is. From the attentive staff to the elegant reception area to the lovely room and deliciously comfortable bed, Hotel 41 is a romantic jewel of a boutique hotel. The real standout of this treasure, however, is the hotel manager, Chantal, who makes everyone feel special. Whenever my husband and I think of our trip to London, we smile at the memorable Chantal.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tiffnco
<Content>If you want to splurge it's a nice place to stay       Our bedroom  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sebekdoxy
<Content>ok I dunno, I stay at alot of fine places and decided to stay here on a whim. Normally, you would find me at the Lanesborough, Claridge's, 51 Buck Gate. We booked the conservatory suite for a short 2 night stay. Yeah, I found it relatively inexpensive for a London suite (about 1k a night), but it was cluttered and claustraphobic with only 1 window other than the glass roof.Location is good, lounge is nice, the staff...way over the top. However, as good as they are, I don't think that they can make up what the hotel lacks.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Annatravelfan
<Content>Very nice hotel for a great price! Last September we visited London and stayed at Hotel 41, a very nice boutique hotel that was recommended by our friends. We looked on the internet for the best rate and found it on UniqueSmallHotels. This is a very exclusive hotel but it was still affordable thanks to this website.Everything was nice about this hotel, excellent service, good breakfast and a very nice concierge who arranged theatertickets for us. The London underground is close by and so are all the nice shops. This is a hotel you definitely have to see!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Iain5Lewis
<Content>Great service, let down on the small things Third time we've stayed here now. Great location, service is a good as you'd expect for this type of hotel - discrete, polite and prompt. Very clean and comfortable.It gets 3 stars from me because it delivers what I expect from a world leading hotel.But, I almost gave the hotel 2 stars because of some little things, for example :Internet access is no longer free. This used to be complementary, but now they charge for it. Not big thing I know, but it was one of the USP's of this hotelThe fire in our room didn't work. House keeping were quick to come  fix it, but she couldn't get it to work. We never heard from anyone else again about it and as far as I know it still doesn't work.You can listen to a wide variety of music through the TV from the hotel jukebox, but for 拢2.99 per CD.The hotel seems to be losing the little things which made it stand out from the competition and some of it feels like penny pinching. When staying in top class hotels ( 拢400+ per night ) I expect some of the services which the big chains charge for are included in the price.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	5	1	

<Author>sjp1
<Content>Very nice I stayed at the Hotel 41 for three nights and four days. The hotel is small, but very, very nice. My cab driver did have trouble finding it since he never heard of it. The hotel is actually a higher end hotel on top of another affiliated hotel. You have to go through a maze of hallways and doors and elevators just to get to the fifth floor lobby. My room had an extremely comfortable bed with a very nice down comforter. The bathroom was very clean and very nice. The staff was great and the service was perfect. The hotel is in a great location, with two nice bars/restaurants down stairs. I would highly recomed this hotel to anyone going to London.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>k8jns
<Content>Loved this hotel! I hate london! but when you have this kind of place to stay - where you can hide in the bar where you could be anywhere in the world, then I don't mind going occasionally!There's an honesty bar - wow! and free food every night in plunder in the pantry. Calling direct can get you a great deal. Recommended if you travel alone or for a romantic weekend.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>McBizzle1
<Content>41 Wonderful Escape in Westminster       Hotel Adjacent to Ruben's  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveljo
<Content>Staff Unbelievable Stayed at this wonderful property 11 days in July. The staff was the most courteous I have ever encountered. Every day, morning, end of work day, and night, this exemplerary staff met any and all of my needs. They had my coffee waiting just the way I liked it, each day as I left in the morning, I only had to tell them once how I liked my coffee. Every morning, it was ready for me. Every night, I had a bucket of ice at 9pm, (I asked once) and never had to ask again. The turn down service, and daily snacks were very nice touches. The bathroom amenities Penhaligan's were exclusive. The location is great. Close to Victoria station, and the Palace. Walked to different resturants each night. Around the corner from Victoria Palace Theatre. Excellent shopping nearby. Chantal and her staff will take care of the smallest details to ensure that you have a pleasant stay. I would definitely stay at this property again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SarahInSoCal
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We stayed at the 41 for the third time in May of 2006. I cannot say enough good things about the hotel. First and foremost, the personal service that you receive at the 41 is incredible. The staff all remembered our names and were always willing to go that extra mile to help us during our stay. From teaching me how to make a Pimm's cocktail to sprinkling rose petals in our room on our anniversary. They also obtained excellent seats for two shows and made reservations for dinner as needed.The hotel itself is beautiful. More like staying at a private club than a hotel. The lounge is a great place to relax after a busy day (or evening). The rooms are beautiful with their black and white decor.We will definitely be back. As soon as we can.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dchof
<Content>Location and service great! We spent 3 nights at this hotel and loved it! Right across from the Royal Mews and a short walk to the underground at Victoria Station. Had a few blips getting our luggage delivered as the elevator was out of order, but Rubens elevator was available to us. No wi-fi, but there was a computer in the lounge to use. Loved the snacks and drink availablity especially after theatre. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lack of attention to detail makes this hotel expensive for what you get My wife and I have just spent the weekend in this hotel and I am afraid that it did not impress us too much and I sincerely hope it is not the 5th best hotel in London, which is its rating on Tripadvisor at time of writing. Hotel 41 claims to offer a 'small hotel' service where everything is tip-top and well-run. This is not true:The rooms are lovely - quite big and well appointed - but started to lose a bit of contemporary quality feel (and we have stayed in the VERY expensive master suite too so this is not a one-trip review). Some examples: old model TV's, the grout starting to lift from between the tiles, the electrical blinds not working. The service is always delivered with a smile but there is really no care behind the smile - we thought that as 41 is adjoined to the Reubens they must share staff etc. and therefore they have lost that small hotel feel, which we wanted.The room service food is adequate. Nothing else to say on this.The breakfast that is served in the library is no more than you would expect to get in any other 5 star hotel. In fact, you may even say it would be less.Other small criticisms that are speicific to our stay:We had an 8am alarm call on Sunday morning that we never asked for.Our pass key expired after one day for no apparent reasonwe did not recieve our newspaper on Sunday morning - not a crime but if you are asked if you want one, why not deliver it?The electirc blinds in our room did not work. No great problem in itself but in the 'making the room dark' scheme of things, quite important. Reported the problem to an unconcerned reception and then have 3 different people fail to make them work whilst we are eating our adequate room service meal. Had to ask the 3rd person to leave as repeating the actions of previous 2 people was probably not going to make it work...When I came to pay the bill, not only had they got it wrong but also I realised that the rate I had been quoted was exclusive of VAT - thank you for another 拢100 on the bill, which by this time was looking quite large in relation to what we had received. I would like to count myself as someone that would make the connection between 'exclusive of VAT' and another 拢50 per night and am 100% sure that it was not mentioned to me at time of booking.Anyway, I think that my wife and I are pretty easy going people and I would not have bothered to write this review if it weren't for the fact that this hotel is so expensive and I would not want people to think that this is the best that London has to offer. I got the impression that the place was set-up for overseas visitors, especially Americans, to get some idea of a throwback to the empire and upper-class living. What I found was a place that is not representative of modern London and surely there are better ways to blow your money in London?The long and short of it is that you will always have a pleasant stay here but I wonder if there are better places to go?  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>3	1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lfcaahah
<Content>Superb hotel and suite 41 is an excellent hotel, offering something different than the larger london hotels. The hotel is entirely set on the 5th Floor of 41 Buckingham Palace Road ( it used to be the grand ballroom for the Ruebens next door).Everthing is based around the Excecutive Lounge which has the feeling of and Gentlemans Club. Breakfast is served, as well as evening drinks, and if you are feeling peckish at any time you can 'raid the pantry'.We had a split level suite, which had a small seeting area downstairs with a desk, chairs and a flat screen TV. This area was overlooked by a small gallery which was the bedroom. The bed was hugely comfortable. There was another flat screen TV in the bedroom.The bathroom was very large. A very good size walk in shower with very good pressure. The jacuzzi bath was wonderfull. Very long, wide, deep and another flat screen TV to watch while you soaked.Staff are attentive, but not intrusive, making the effort to remember names. We had a 'Romantic' Turn Down Service which consisted of a heart made from rose petals on the bed, as well as two roses, bottled water and the next days weather forecast. Also canpes are offered in your room early evening which was a very nice touch.The only fault we had was at breakfast. I had to ask for an English breakfast (rather than being asked for an order) and when it arrived it was pretty much stone cold. They staff were of course extremely apologetic and immediately offered a fresh replacement.Overall this is a superb choice if you want that personal touch, in intermit surroundings.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gail-7
<Content>Fab hotel for my 50th I went to this hotel with 3 long time friends for my 50th birthday. We had a really fantastic time (and for the lady who questioned whether she could book twin beds, you can!) We especially loved the bathroom - lots of fluffy towels, 2 types of robes and Penghalion smellies. We enjoyed the lovely lounge area and the staff could not have been kinder. Would be a great hotel for a lady holidaying alone. My only negative comment is the buffet breakfast - never hot enough for me, and cooked to order would have made it perfect.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>quin-i-bog
<Content>my home from home! I adore 41! I stay here on average twice a month for business and I even choose this hotel for weekend breaks in London too! It's a very rare thing to find somewhere that you can go back to time and again and never be disappointed.Service is superb and you won't find a better, friendlier or more helpful team than Chantal and her staff. Nothing is too much trouble and the attitude is summed up by the button on the room phone which just says whatever, whenever...The rooms vary in size (I think I've tried them all now), but no matter which one you get, you will be delighted by the quality of the room and all the nice little touches. Smaller rooms can be quite compact, but the bed will still be large and comfortable and the rooms are so cleverly designed that even the smallest one lacks for nothing...There is no formal restaurant (except next door at the Ruebens), but you can have anything from a snack to a full meal in the lovely lounge.There is only 1 tiny thing that could be an issue which is that the nearest parking is a good 10 to 15 minute walk away at Victoria Coach Station. However, call the hotel and advise when you are arriving and they will happily valet park your car - problem solved!41 is fantastic - stay here , you'll love it!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb place in London Excellent staff, rooms, and service. Pefect combination of service without snob. Rooms are wonderful with excellent beds and amenities. Staff are helpful and professional at all times. Any need is met with timely and high level service. Don't want to rave too much as would like to be able to get a room there in the future! Thanks to all the fantastic staff at the 41.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful place If you are looking to stay in a palace of ornamental pomp and ceremony - this isn't your place. Instead, this hotel is calm, charming and deeply comfortable in every quarter. A distinctive black  white colour theme (tiles, carpets, drapes, etc), and walls decorated by limited edition Vanity Fair cartoons, all help create an air of elegance yet gentle playfulness. (One imagines staying in the home of a kindly and midly eccentric Victorian gentleman.) Consistently excellent, thoughtful yet friendly service is delivered in a way that left us feeling like the staff possessed a rare, genuine wish to make our visit a special one; echoed by a Whatever/Whenever room service button on the phone. Food is relatively simple but tasty fare and reasonably priced at about 拢12-拢15 for a main course. Breakfasts are excellent. Those who appreciate a good cuppa will most certainly find it to their taste. Overall, this a special place which should be hugely enjoyed by those wanting to unwind in some style, but without the precious formalities of larger five-star hotels.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wow wow wow wow wow!!!!       great bed and notice the atrium  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely amazing hotel. Everything about this hotel was perfect. We stayed for 1 night for our anniversary, perfect place to spend it! The service was excellent, from turn down at night, room service to breakfast and papers in the morning! The bathroom was lovely, separate shower and bath. The fire wasnt working which was a shame, this was the only complaint. Definately will be coming back.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chantal and 41 are absolutely lovely!       Bedroom  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Entrancing Hotel From the moment we walked through the door we were entranced! The rooms were lovely, the service charming and breakfast was excellent. I booked this through a website called Tablet Hotels that was very easy to use and will gladly use again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scarlettrose02
<Content>Chantal made our stay!! We stayed for just one night at the hotel and wished we could have stayed longer. Chantal welcomed us on arrival and we were shown our rooms. From the outset we were given the impression that nothing was too much trouble. All the little extras were duly noticed. It's nice to stay at a hotel that isn't impersonal and I can't reccommend this highly enough. We never stay at a hotel twice as we are a bit picky and always find something to moan about, be it the mildew around the bath or the shards of glass left on bathroom floors. I can quite honestly say that I couldn't find anything to complain about. We really enjoyed our trip to London. (If you like peppermint tea try theirs!!) We seriously plundered the pantry on our return from seeing Cirque du Soleil at the Albert Hall, and it was a lovely end to the evening.The Tower of London is well worth a visit and costs 拢14 for adults. Buckingham Palace is open from September and we will return to visit it.Please note ladies that during sale season shops open at 11am!! and 12 noon on Sundays. (Not at 10 as I thought).Chantal if you ever read this....you make the hotel what it is thank you for being so kind to us.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lydia90
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Beautiful small hotel within five minutes walking distance of Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station. We picked this hotel because of the reviews I read on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed. The rooms were beautifully decorated and immaculately clean. There were delicious snacks always available at no extra charge in the library,as well as great tea, coffee, continental breakfast, and sandwich makings were availble after 8PM. Wines and other alcoholic beverages were of course, extra, but always available.The staff was wonderful, very friendly and helpful. There was someone available 24/7 in the library to offer any assistance needed. There was always a fire in the fireplace and fresh flowers. The Assistant Manager, Lonneke Verhaegh was especially helpful and enjoyable.We used the free internet connection in the library loft to access our email and surf the web daily, which was very convenient.My only reservations in recommending this hotel is that it could be a for anyone who has difficulty with stairs. You have to go up about four steps to get to the elevator to take you into the hotel, which is located on the 5th floor of The Rubens Hotel. The computers are located in the loft which is up some stairs from the library. But the main reason I mention this is that the bathtubs are raised and require some care and agility to get in and out safely. However, there was a separate shower in our bathroom, and I think in all rooms. The bathrooms were exceptionally nice.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the room but stay away from drinks or food in the lounge The room was one of the best I've stayed at in London, and for the price you can't beat it for a weekend getaway. The only downsides were that the kingsize bed was made of two singles put together in the frame which gave an uncomfortable seam down the centre, and the fireplace was not working and we did not feel like having anyone interupt us to try to fix it.The rooms were top notch, and the service was just as good. the bathrooms have everything you could ever need and are kitted out with plush towels and robes as well as some of the best toiletries I have ever seen in a hotel.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>theflower
<Content>Unbelievable london hotel We stayed here on our wedding night for two nights and had a fantastic experience that we will remember for the rest of our lives.We arrived around 2am after our wedding reception had finished. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the butler/receptionist who congratulated us and took us straight to our room. The room had been decorated with rose petals on the bed and bunches of roses, floating candles everywhere! Very romantic and just what we needed to end a very exciting day.We informed our butler that we were absolutley starving (having eaten very little at the reception) and she quickly put together a tray of goodies (cheese, toast, chocolates, yoghurts etc) and brought it to our room.The bed was the most comfortable bed on the planet! The bathroom equisite - two showers, heated towel rail, large sink, lots of lotions etc.In the morning we were brought breakfast in bed, I was still sleeping, and didn't even notice the butler bringing in our breakfast and placing it on the bed in time for me to wake up. The breakfast is huge and delicious. I really didn't feel like I was in the middle of central london.We would definately stay here again, just need another excuse given that we actually live in London.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Stacey&Ian
<Content>What a treat! We stayed one night here at the end of a month-long European tour. Compared to the average hotels we had been staying in, this was heaven.We were spoiled from the moment we pressed the buzzer. There is a private entrance, which they buzz you into, then they come down the elevator to greet you and lead you up to your room. We were seated in our room in front of the fireplace, given our choice of complimentary glasses of wine, and given an orientation to the room. Then we were shown to the executive library and the butler鈥檚 pantry (stocked with goodies, and complimentary after 8:30 pm). Oh yes, and we were shown the 鈥榓nything, any time鈥?button on the phone, which would summon our personal butler.The room was very nice, and the turn-down service was lovely. They turned down the bed, of course, with chocolates on the pillows, and slippers placed beside the bed in such a way that when you get out of bed in the morning, your feet would slide right in. They lit the candles in the bathroom, and turned on the towel warmer too! Lovely. The bed was the most amazing bed I鈥檝e ever slept in and I found it very comfortable.It was so convenient being able to walk to do siteseeing. It was such a fantastic location. I was a bit disappointed that I paid for a view of the Palace, and what you see is the far back end of the complex. You don't have a view of the front, where you stand and see Buckingham Palace as a tourist. That is really the only negative comment I have though.The complimentary breafkast was delightful. We ordered dinner into the room, and were surprised by how delicious it was, and the really good prices. I was expecting higher food prices, given the type of hotel. We used the executive library to send a few emails, and enjoyed the peace and quiet there. We didn't run into too many other guests. It was very private and quiet.We managed to get an excellent rate, so I feel that we definitely got more than we paid for. I would definitely come back again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved 41  The hotel was in a great location. We loved the small feel and attention to guests. Chantal, the manager, was over the top. She welcomed us and assisted with our every need. She and her staff really do make you feel special. The room was very spacious, clean, large, and comfortable. Will stay there again when in London.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ebabe69
<Content>Elegant and sedate... As we walked out of the hotel on the morning we were leaving the Queen drove by in one of the Royal car鈥檚 (a Bentley) 鈥?complete with Lady in Waiting in attendance - obviously on her way to an official engagement.This should give some indication of how close to the Royal Mews/Buckingham Palace Hotel 41 is located. However, if you are hoping for sneak peak from your hotel window of the royal 鈥榞oings-on鈥?you鈥檒l be in for a disappointment, none of the 16 rooms has a view 鈥?certainly not towards the Royal Mews. Arriving at the hotel, the entrance is next door to the Reuben鈥檚 Hotel, we rang the intercom and a member of staff came down to meet us. Standing for several minutes in the wind and rain was less that wonderful, but maybe I missed the opportunity to actually gain entry to the foyer鈥r security ensures a member of staff actually lets you gain access to the building on the first occasion? Anyone concerned with safety should note this door is always locked and your room key swipe-card is needed to enter. The only way up to the hotel floor is via a lift. The entrance hall is a pre-curser to the style of the hotel with wood panelling, brass and marble fixtures and a couple of antique style, high back black leather chairs. The lift takes you up to the 5th floor (not small, not huge dependant on your luggage) and, as our room was ready, Hette escorted us straight to our Executive Room (number 4111). I have to say it was a first to actually go through the check-in process sitting at the desk in our room. After she had shown us around the various features and their operation we were free to explore our surroundings for ourselves.The black and white, animal print, dark wood furniture d茅cor is very much the ambience of a gentleman鈥檚 club come colonial theme. Our room was a reasonable size with a small window looking out to the office block opposite and onto Bressenden Place. A voile curtain ensures daytime privacy and there鈥檚 both a roman blind and curtain (drapes) for the evening.There was a large 6鈥?bed 鈥?one mattress not two together as another reviewer noted 鈥?with plenty of pillows, a black chenille throw and a selection of toning throw cushions. A little on the firm side but otherwise comfortable. The main room included a small round table and 2 chairs, large desk with a fax machine, internet connection, in the drawers a bijoux selection of little black leather boxes containing an eraser, paperclips, pencil sharpener (no pencil though!), post-it notes, scissors plus a stapler and hole-punch. The kettle, tea  coffee supplies are hidden in the cupboard and there is a large mirror on the desk - useful for anyone needing more of a dressing-table than a desk. The working gas fireplace is a nice touch although we didn鈥檛 need to use it. The air-conditioning seemed efficient for anyone staying at the hotel in the summer months.A large corner cupboard contains the flat screen TV (no DVD but we didn鈥檛 request one) which also has an internet facility. There鈥檚 also an Honour Bar and, for once, a good selection of glasses (champagne, wine and tumblers). Around 6pm the Butler arrived with an ice-bucket and ice plus lemon slices and a few canap茅s. No cork screw, only a bottle opener, but I鈥檓 sure the 鈥榃hatever, Whenever鈥?call button on the phone would see one arriving fairly quickly.The wardrobe will be a squeeze for anyone travelling with more than a few items to hang up. This is largely due to the amount of items stored in the closet...a folding luggage rack, iron and ironing board, hairdryer, 2 umbrellas, shoe-horn and clothes brush and the safe plus bags for laundry, ironing and dry cleaning plus a few drawers. All very useful but the lack of storage (in this room at least) could be an issue for some. One ball-gown and you鈥檙e done for! There was a decorative chest in the room which would work as a place to leave a small suitcase. We had a complementary 鈥榤obile (cell) phone鈥?but this is for use within the hotel ie should you be expecting a call and think you may sitting in the Executive Lounge or The Reuben鈥檚 next door not for when out-and-about.Again the bathroom was not huge but of a reasonable size, very bright and very clean and continued the black and white theme with monogrammed Hotel 41 linens. One bath tub with a huge shower rose plus a hand held shower attachment. The bath fills up very quickly, but for anyone with mobility issues it might be a struggle to get into, and out of, safely I fear. Rather high-sided, but at least long enough and deep enough to relax and follow the Jet Lag avoidance tips on the note on the bathroom shelf once you do manage to get in. There was a good-size walk-in shower (with the same shower rose plus hand held attachment combo) and both the bath and shower had full-size bars of Penhaligon鈥檚 soap as well as a plentiful selection of Penhaligon鈥檚 toiletries. Good supply of tissues (Kleenex) cotton wool and so on too. On our return that evening there was a bowl of water with a floating candle and soft lighting left on in the bathroom. The bathroom also contains the biggest and most efficient magnifying mirror I鈥檝e come across in a while 鈥?a tad scary to see oneself in such close-up! There where numerous elegant and thoughtful touches during our stay. A selection of fresh fruit left in our room during the afternoon. The 6pm ice and canap茅s delivered to the room by the butler. On returning from our evening out, along with the bathroom candle mentioned above, the bed was turned back, the robes left lying on the bed with slippers on a linen mat on each side of the bed. The Room Service menu was left open at the cocktails page and the TV Guide on that night鈥檚 TV, bottled water and glasses on each bedside table along with the Room Service breakfast menu and the next day鈥檚 weather forecast and a little bag of marshmallows and the Evening Standard newspaper with classical music playing on the radio. There has been some confusion about the Plunder the Pantry facility in previous reviews of this hotel. It seems quite simple once you know, after 8.30pm anything you take food wise is free 鈥?drinks are always charged, whatever the time of day - and food and snacks at all other times, other than the included breakfast.We did take advantage and plundered the pantry on our return that night. The offerings included breads, ham, chicken, salad, relishes, nuts and nibbles, fruits and yoghurt. A very nice young man, called Rollof, was on hand to offer assistance or make drinks or cocktails if required. Breakfast is taken in the Executive Lounge 鈥?I fully expected to find Aubrey Beardsley in one corner and Oscar Wilde in the other (actually that would be The Cadogan Hotel!) again with the gentleman鈥檚 club d茅cor and feel. The included breakfast is tea, coffee, juices, toast, pastries, fruit, cereals, cheeses and hams. A cooked English breakfast is available for 15 pounds. Overall if you like a sedate and elegant atmosphere with attentive staff and good attention to detail this is the place for you - it does give the feel of staying at a private club.If you want something a little more lively and hip - along with glorious views - maybe not.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but Suite not worth the $$$ My boyfriend and I just returned from a three night stay at Hotel 41. Overall the hotel was great but I would like to pass on a couple of tips.We stayed in a suite for about $700 cdn/ night( 335 GBP). The room was nice but there was no view. We asked if we could change to a room that wasn鈥檛 looking at the roof but the manager told us there were no rooms in the hotel with a view. The suites are split level but the downstairs portion was just not functional. There was a TV, mini bar and a very small uncomfortable sofa downstairs but we spent all of our time upstairs because it we found downstairs very uninviting. Basically, I would recommend not getting a suite but just a normal room. My boyfriend spent a lot of time (while I was getting ready etc鈥? in the Executive Lounge, snacking, drinking etc. He preferred to go to the lounge than hang out downstairs in our suite.Another problem we had was with the beds. They look big and great but were actually two beds pushed together. I have often seen this in European hotels but this bed was extremely uncomfortable. The mattresses were not level, creating about a 陆 height difference in the middle of the bed. We had to sleep on opposite sides of the bed which kind of defeats the purpose of a romantic getaway. We did ask if there was a better bed but they said they would fix it. By the third night the gap/ height difference was so bad that I couldn鈥檛 wait to have a good night sleep in my own bed at home.The staff was pretty great. Always eager to serve and please. The location was also great- across the street from the Royal Mews and a quick walk to Victoria Station. This hotel does have room for improvement though. I would suggest to the management to invest in larger and more comfortable sofas in the downstairs of the suites. Other wise, having the split level just becomes a nuisance of running up and down the stairs. The beds should also be made to be on the same level.Anyway, overall, the hotel was good. My boyfriend and I travel a fair bit and like to stay in nice boutique hotels. This hotel did not rank amongst the top of our list but it was a sweet hotel with many unique features. Hopefully with some improvements, the hotel will progress in several areas including making the suites more functional. P.S- I did not want to write this review to be negative. However, I just wanted to pass on some tips. If you already have booked this hotel and are reading this review鈥?don鈥檛 panic!... you鈥檒l have a lovely time, it鈥檚 a great hotel in a fabulous city.If you have any questions, feel free to email: jayegordon1@hotmail.com  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BrookeD
<Content>Wonderful, cozy rooms at 41 We stayed at Hotel 41 in late September based on reviews from this site and were very pleased with our choice. After long days of touring London, it was such a treat to come home to our wonderful room. The bed, with its fluffy white duvet and pillows, was so comfortable and inviting. Every evening when we'd return to our room, the bed had been turned down, slippers and robes were laid out, and soft classical music was playing on the bedside radio. A floating candle was lit in the bathroom and a tray of canapes was left on the table. It was such a treat and so soothing!The only thing that was possibly a negative for us was how quiet the whole place is. We rarely ran into other guests, even in the executive lounge. This could be a plus for some, but we prefer a little more lively atomosphere. But the rooms were so wonderful (staff great too) that we would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tuby
<Content>A minus The positives are that the staff is very helpful, and you can reach someone 24 hours a day with any questions you may have. Also, breakfast is included in the price of the room, and they will deliver it for no extra charge. The room we stayed in was beautifully decorated and had a great bathroom with a big tub and separate stall shower. However, the TV was only average, and we did not have a DVD player (as it seemed we would from other reviews.) In fact, when I called to request one, I was told it was already being used in another room. There was internet access in the room, but for a fee. (You could go into the lounge, though, and use it for free.) In fact, the drinks and some of the food you get from the Plunder the Pantry program are charged to your room, not free--it's almost like a fancy honor bar. The Executive lounge is nice (that's where the internet access, pantry, and helpful staff can be found), but it's kind of remote. For example, when you walk into the hotel, you enter a tiny and isolated lobby--no people to be seen. You then take an elevator to the 4th floor and have to walk down a corridor of rooms to enter the Executive lounge--so it's a feeling of being a roomer in a large private home, more than a hotel vibe where you might actually meet someone and have a conversation--it's very much a feeling of you being alone with the staff. I'm glad I got the room with my miles and didn't have to pay for it--there was just a very unlively feel to the place. On the other hand, they were great with directions, currency exchange, etc. (I stayed at the Dorset Square and found the staff just as helpful for much less $$. If I were PAYING my own money, I'd probably opt to go there over the 41.) It was really nice, but I guess I'm just surprised that it's rated #4 right now on Tripadvisor.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Hotel to Remember Luxurious and lavish accommodations made our two night hotel stay a memorable one. The welcoming hotel staff, awesome room amenities, and cozy bed helped make our visit to London enjoyable. The extra touches including a complimentary bowl of fruit, bottled water placed at your nighstand in the evening during turndown, night light in bathroom and the whatever whenever button available for our every need contributed to making our stay from great to outstanding. The comfortable and cozy bed provided one of our best night's sleep which was genuinely needed after two weeks in Europe. The location was perfect as our first tour was right across the street at Buckingham Palace. There were restaurants, shops and transportion close by including the tube and Victoria Station. This hotel has made it to the top of our best hotels to stay at and we are looking forward to staying there on our next visit. Although the price is overly expensive, we got our money's worth and will always remember our stay at the Hotel 41.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>babsorama
<Content>Top Drawer I adored everything about this hotel: location, staff, breakfast, late night cappucino, specutacular furnishings in room. I've travelled around the world, and this hotel ranks in the top three, all time, for me.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>diamond in the rough What a wonderful little find this hotel is. My husband and I stayed here both pre and post cruise when we took our cruise on the Queen Mary 2 this August. From the second we arrived the service was impeccable. We were offered a cold drink, asked if we needed any dinner plans, and were given a hot towel. It was more like a family member greeting us than hotel staff. The room was a delight! (a little small like all european hotels) and one of the best equipped rooms I ever stayed in. There was everything from 2 different types of bath robes to even a pencil sharpener in the desk drawer. The bed was comfortable with 350+ theard count sheets. I can go on and on about the room. Even at turn down, they left a lighted candle in the bathroom and glasses of fresh bottled water at the bed side. If you are discerning clientele this hotel is for you!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yellowstoner
<Content>Service and room beyond compare       Our room  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful We have just returned from a stay at no 41. From the moment we arrived we were treated as if we were special, the staff were fantastic, my special thanks to Chantel (the inhouse manager) who made our stay magical.when we arrived we were asked why we were visiting london, I explained it was our anniversary, and we were treated to to Champayne and canape's.There are only 18 rooms at no 41, we stayed in room 4111 which was fantastic. Decorated in a black and white theme with the most amazing, comfortable large king size bed, I counted 3 telephones and fax machine ect, plasma TV, DVD player and even a Marble working fireplace. and fresh orchids. The bathroom has no less than three showers, two in the large bath and a seperate shower cubicle, luxury soaps and bubble bath, shampoo's ect are supplied as well as bathrobes and slippers. Tea and coffee making facilities as well as a full bar and 24 hr room service.We booked seats at the theatre through the hotel, and when we got back in the evening, we helped ourselves to the (pantry) free of charge, this included fruit, breads, cheeses, and meats. a perfect end to a perfect day.When it was time to check out, Chantel, presented us with a card and lovely gift.We have stayed in hotels all over the world, most rated in the top ten best. However the service here was unrivaled, and the staff could not do enough to ensure we had a fantastic time. I did not want to leave, and will deffinately return.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very boaring For how much money they charge the hotel is very boaring....The entrance looked like entering a old egyption tomb...all the staff were young and act like they ard doing a summer job.. the black and white theme didn't work for us at all...we had to find a diffrent hotel for the rest of our visit to london..Now if you like to be very very very slow place, the hotel would be great for you...after all big disappointment  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EdithWharto
<Content>Fabulous service and great location I stayed at Hotel 41 with my daughter and we were made to feel like a princess and a queen! The room was charming and extremely well appointed with plasma TV, candlelit turndown and a butler to deliver whatever we wanted (and whenever). The executive lounge was lovely (but I was taken aback to be charged for a few things that I believed were complimentary).Planning to return in November!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Loved this Hotel! My wife and I stayed at 41 for our anniversary in July and absolutely loved it! After much research on hotels in the city, I decided to take a chance based partly on the reviews from this site. We were so pleased upon arrival! The location was outstanding, room extremely comforable and cozy, staff so nice, and general feeling in the hotel very, very comfortable. My only concern is the same as another reviewer on this site, and that is the time beverages and snacks actually cost something as opposed to being 'free'. My wife and I were very confused as well, and the hotel should address this. Otherwise, this was a perfect stay in a wonderful city! I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>merkurrr
<Content>A suberb boutiuqe luxury hotel The 41 Hotel is a delightful and unique hotel experience. Conveniently set across the street from the Buckingham Palace Mews, this is a small, boutique luxury hotel with an enthusiastic commitment to servicing, indeed pampering, its guests. The elegant two-floor atrium lobby-dining room abounds with skylights, leather bindings, and padded chairs; there is a serene club-like atmosphere which permeates throughout. The richly appointed rooms (typically on the European smaller side) have an innovative, contemporary flair which contrasts well with the building's older architechture. The rooms are extremely comfortable with many design features that impressed me. Lighting, internet connectivity and in-room home theater are state of the art. The marble bathrooms are brillilantly designed and the shower must be one of the best I have ever had...anywhere! In short, this was a very, very memorable hotel experience. I came to London on this visit for two days for a very important business meeting. The 41 provided a calm, relaxing and luxurious setting for which I was very grateful. I can't imagine staying anywhere else on my next trip to London.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bonita49
<Content>Best Ever My husband and I stayed at 41 for four nights in late July and found it to be everything the brochure said it was. I believe the gentleman who said there was no food available during plunder the pantry hours just didn't look in the glass-fronted refrigerator below the counter--it was fully stocked with sliced meats, cheeses, yogurts, fruits, etc. At breakfast there was a beautiful array of fruits, cheeses, yogurts, fresh European-style breads, pastries, meats, etc., plus coffee, tea, cappacinos, juices all served by friendly polite staff. In general, the staff was superb--we arrived mid-morning and as our room wasn't quite ready we sat down in the sky-lit lounge and enjoyed coffee and short bread. As soon as our room was ready (well before the stated check-in time) we were asleep in the luxurious bed. The room was rather small, but the bedding was very high quality and the bathroom well-appointed. Each night, fresh bottled water and a sweet was delivered. My only complaint was the lack of communication as to when you were being charged for food in the lounge. Upon check-out there was 50 pounds of food charges from our afternoon teas and snacks. So, I think that between the hours of 11am and 8pm you're charged, but not before or after. In any event, I highly recommend this hotel if you want to feel special and pampered. The staff took care of everything. We stayed at The Milestone for three days after 41 and while it is a lovely hotel, it's not nearly as special as 41.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A most pretentious hotel Was expecting something really special based on reviews on this website but was hugely disappointed. Room was small with poor natural light from window to one side of a huge and ugly piece of furniture containing the TV. It was only just possible to walk round the king sized bed.Also, hardly any wardrobe hanging space due to another large piece of furniture containg a safe. TV reception was poor with inferior Philips LCD picture quality and the whole system was overcomplicated.Bathroom was well kitted out but again was small. My main complaint about the room however was the noise from people moving along the adjacent main corridor and an intermittant but loud plumbing rumble. These noises combined to disturb me throughout the night. The 'executive' lounge is too small to enjoy a quiet drink without being on top of other guests. The receptionists desk is located there further reducing the available space.Most of the books on display are fake which sums up this place.Breakfast however was good. Try staying at the Chancery Court hotel in Holborn as that is really a luxury hotel with decent sized rooms.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but not at the price After staying at the Rubens hotel several times and hearing the buzz on 41 next door, I decided to try it this time out. Unfortunately, I did not feel it was worth the rate paid. The staff was courteous, but the room and amenities just seemed lacking. Our suite was split-level, but the lower level of the suite was tiny with a little loveseat across from the tv that was too small to comfortably sit back and relax for one person and certainly not big enough for two (and we are not large people.) So, consequently, we had no use for that part of the suite except to pass through it on our way in and out. The rest of the time in our room was spent upstairs, which was equally difficult to navigate as there is absolutely no room for baggage. A fold out baggage stand would have helped with one of our bags, but alas, we didn't even have that. So... our bags had to remain in the middle of the floor as there was no where else in the room to store them. We tried to hang as many of our clothes in the closet as we could so as to avoid even having to open our bags, but we couldn't take everything out and so had to have the bags literally stacked up taking up most of the floor space. The views from the windows in the room amounted to nothing. The other thing that bothered me were the little amenities that everyone, including our friends who have stayed at 41, seem to rave about but were lacking in our stay. The lit candle each night was received on our first night only and not again on any of the other four nights. The jelly beans, dvd, cd... all of those little extras... non-existant in our room. The plunder the pantry in the lounge each evening was truly nothing more than a few bags of nibbles (some cheese crackers, crisps, and the same wrapped candies that they put on your pillow with turn-down each night.) Disappointing and not much to plunder at all. If you have a drink whilst in the lounge, it is charged to your room. The days of all-inclusive, as it was when our friends visited, are over. With that said, this just becomes a very nicely decorated but over-priced hotel with service/amenities you could get at a number of hotels throughout London for the same, or possibly less, in price. It makes me wonder if some of the glowing reviews posted on this site are legit. I would only recommend 41 if perhaps you can get a stellar deal via internet. Paying full price will only leave you feeling slighted. My favourites in London will continue to be the Rubens and the Draycott where at least if you pay for a suite, you truly get one.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WhyAScreenName
<Content>Outstanding!       The best part of London!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MadMaxH33
<Content>Amazing Personal service, amazing location, great rooms. I travel 40-60 days per year. Always on a expense account. Always for buisness. I usually only stay at Westins if I can.Great service matters. Quiet clean rooms matter. Nice beds and quietness matters.If all of this matters to you, then 41 Hotel is the right place for you.I had a wonderfull 3 day stay. They have complimentary food around the clock available. Honor bar in lounge and staff to attend your every need. Free internet.More like staying at a good friends house.I will be back when I return to London.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel I have stayed in! I stayed here with my boyfriend for his birthday. We stayed in an executive room which was perfect. The best part was the 'turn-down' which included leaving a candle lit in the bathroom, fruit, ice bucket, slice of lemon and lime for drinks and a newspaper on the table, robes and breakfast menu placed on the beds and slippers placed near the bed and the lights dimmed and curtains closed. They also open the tv guide on the correct page and put it on a bedside table. The show pillows had been taken off the bed also. This was brilliant to come back to after a long day around london. The hotel seems to think of everything they even have an unbrella in the wardrobe and lots of stationary in the desk. It is near victoria underground station which was useful, but it was very hard for us to find going on the directions we were given when we booked. I don't know any other hotel like this it was a good change from the classical English design that most london hotels have. The bathroom was also great. Our room was always restocked with anything that we had used. The service was also great. The staff were friendly and always smiled. The manager seemed to know all her guests names. Things like this would be impossible in a big hotel. However they didn't put fresh flowers in the room and there was not a dvd library or cd library in the room. I was not bothered about this I didn't go to London to watch dvds but they should provide what they say they will. Overall 41 seemed so personal compared to other hotels. I would stay here again without a doubt.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfection!!! Stayed at the Hotel 41 for the first 3 nights of our European honeymoon and found it to be the best hotel either of us have ever stayed in. You feel as though you're staying at a private club and the service from all staff members was excellent. The room was very nice and a very good size. The bathroom contained both a tub and seperate shower with a huge powerful showerhead (high-end toiletries were also provided). As it was our honeymoon, we were given a welcoming bottle of champagne (Veuve - not the cheap stuff I expected). The hotel's location was very good - 3 minute walk to Victoria tube and the Palace. The breakfast included was a very good continental (cereal, fruit, yogurt, pastires etc.). You can order a full breakfast from the Rubens Hotel (sister hotel attached to 41) kitchen but you'll pay dearly - 15 pounds! We had a dinner in the Library restaurant and high tea in the Lounge of Rubens - both were excellent. We saw the Billy Elliot musical which is playing at a theatre 5 minutes from 41 - it was very good and highly recommended. Elton John wrote the music and was sitting 5 rows behind us on the night we were there. If you would like a small intimate hotel in a great location with great service stay at the 41!!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beardds
<Content>Simply fabulous I'm in the midst of a two night stay at the 41. I don't have much to add that hasn't already been said by other reviewers, but I wanted to throw a positive review out for the 41 as well. The lounge area is incredible - not sure why more guests don't seem to take advantage of it. Staying here is definitely like staying in a private club - it's been a relaxing wind-down to my European trip. When I return to London, I will definitely return to the 41.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All the comforts you need Stayed at Hotel 41 end of March, beginning of April 2005. Staff is incredibly helpful and accomodating. Chantal, PJ, Tonya, and Pierre made our stay lovely. Hotel 41 occupies one floor of the Reubens hotel. It is very intimate, quiet and enjoyable. Because this was off peak travel time, I was able to get a room for around $325 a night through Expedia. Usually, the rooms start well over $400. Rooms are elegant and the bathroom is very spacious by European standards. The best part of all is the Executive Lounge. Continental breakfast is included in nightly rate. Later in the evening they also provide cheeses, fruit, ham, bread, nuts and chips. Very easy to make yourself a sandwich if you don't feel like eating out. Easy access to Victoria Underground station. Walking distance to many theaters and attractions. The executive lounge also has a computer station available, free of charge, with internet access. It is rare to find so many extras included in such a distinctive, elegant hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel, ever! This is the best hotel I've ever stayed in (and I've stayed in quite a few)! The room was beautifully decorated in black  white, with an amazing bathroom. The staff were very friendly and attentive, they couldn't do enough for us (just try the 'Whatever Whenever' button on the phone). What really made the stay special was the attention to detail: fluffy bathrobes laid out on your bed, scented candles, staff addressing you by name etc. The location is also ideal for exploring the sights of London, right across the road from Buckingam Palace.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smuie
<Content>True excellence! After much research, I decided to stay at Hotel 41 on my visit to London (March 13-17). The location and wonderful accolades on this website were the deciding factors for me. The location is incredibly convenient. It is literally 2 blocks from Victoria Station so if you are arriving at Gatwick Airport you can take the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station and walk to the hotel. More importantly, it is walking distance to a mother load of tourist attractions. The most obvious is Buckingham Palace which is 2-3 blocks away. The Mews and the Queen's Gallery are directly across the street from the hotel. I walked down the Mall from Trafalgar Square on a lovely day and admired the beautiful St. James and Green Parks. In addition, I walked to the War Rooms, Westminster Abbey, Parliament and the London Eye. Those attractions are a bit farther but only took me about 20 minutes. Now to the facilities and staff...As mentioned previously on this site, 41 is not very well known by cab drivers so always ask them to let you off at Rubens. The entrance to 41 is simply a foyer and an elevator which you take to the 5th floor. We arrived mid-morning and were greeted. The manager, Chantal, offered us a larger room which was not available until later in the afternoon; however, she offered us the use of another room to freshen up and store our bags while we visited the Mews. The first room was really on the small side so I am grateful for the offer. The room that we actually stayed in was very nicely appointed. The beds really are as comfortable as people claim and it was a nice effect to have a fireplace. The hotel food is quite good and service very prompt. The hotel uses the Rubens concierges who are quite helpful and knowledgable. We were able to get very good seats to The Producers with a weeks notice. It was an absolute pleasure to stay here. I was especially grateful for the truly nice staff after dining at Claridge's and having to deal with a very snooty doorman who wouldn't even look you in the eye. No question, you will be happy with the quiet and convenient location and very attentive service.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic I travel frequently for business, and am always staying in hotels. I can safely say that this hotel is the best I have ever stayed in. The service is very personalised, everyone knows your name, you are made to feel as if you are the most important guest they have ever had staying there. The resident manager, Chantal, takes an interest in each guest, and takes time to chat with you. The rooms are really luxurious, each with its own computer. Strikingly decorated in black and white, someone comes around each evening with an icebucket for any drinks you intend on mixing, as well as to turn down your bed, etc. There is a pantry, which is great for after you have been out or at a show, to come back at midnight and have all this really healthy food in a refrigerator in the lounge. The location is fantastic - directly opposite Buckingham Palace, no less on the boundary of exclusive Belgravia. And the clincher - you will get more bang for your buck here than staying at the Dorchestor or Claridges.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful new years Me and my girlfriend, both teenagers stayed at the 41 over new years. The hotel is extremely intimate and the room was quite small but very delicate with the black and white decor. The staff is very nice, serving our every need. We really were spoiled and will be back in the future.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>want to feel like a princess????? The rooms are on the small size, ish!!! but are intimate, big enough, with everything you could need. The staff are not only attentive but personal and friendly. The lounge is fantastic and as a birthday treat the choice was perfect. Couldn't recommend it ENOUGH. The self service bar, pantry, friendly staff, and fire in the room made a great trip better. We both thoroughly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KerryLouLou
<Content>Stay here and not anywhere else! Spent one night for my 40th birthday at the wonderful 41 in Victoria (Buckingham Palace Road). Having only 18 rooms means that the service is personal at all times. All staff know, and address you by, your name. Constant supply of fresh towels. A nice selection of fresh fruit in the room too. The bathrooom was stunning with an amazing walk in shower plus full bath with yet another shower. The bed - where do I start? Huge, sumptuous, incredibly comfotable, lovely bed linen. Lovely selection of freshly squeezed juices for breakfast, starbucks coffee, leaf tea and whatever combination of breakfast items you desire. We checked out at 11am but they were happy to look after our bags until later in the day. In fact we returned, exhausted having trawled round London at 6ish. They insisted we sit down and chill out in the lounge for a while and brought us coffee and biscuits for no charge. OK, yes it is expensive at 拢300 a night or thereabouts. But plenty of London hotels charge that amount of money and do not give the kind of service or attention to detail that the 41 gives. 41 is a haven of tranquility just a stones throw from hustle and bustle of central London.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>most awesome hotel on earth when you enter, you might feel you have gone to heaven! we were escorted to our room and welcomed by at least 5 of the staff who knew us by name! we were immediately brought a snack and drinks to our luxurious jr. suite. i have travelled all over the world and this is the most intimate hotel i have ever stayed in. it is the smallest (only 18 rooms) 5 star hotel in london. everything was taken care of and all our needs were met before we knew we had them! i wanted a drink that they did not have the supplies to make and the staff went to the bar next door and brought me a drink from them. the next day, they had the supplies to make my drink. the beds are heavenly and the shower is incredible. can't say enough about this hotel--- if you have the chance, well worth every penny spent to stay at this hotel!!!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit disappointed! I was quite disappointed with our stay at Hotel 41. I think what caused this was that the website promises comfort after comfort. Little things like jelly beans and coffee making facilities in the rooms which weren't there to bigger things like not bringing us our champagne that was part of our package or having a non-working fireplace led to an overall feeling of dissatisfaction. The website promises fresh flowers and a DVD player in every room, which we had neither. There was no afternoon tea, which was specifially mentioned in our package. The personal butler who is supposed to see to all your needs was a very nice young man, but obviously wasn't trained on mixing drinks. No CD or DVD library, also high-lighted on the website. The plunder the pantry consisted of some pretzel mix and a couple mini snickers bars set out on a glass plate. Little disappointment after little disappointment led to our being two very unhappy guests.The rooms were gorgeous, and the bathroom was luxurious, but we would never stay there again. They promise a lot, but the only thing they can deliver is very nice rooms.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>milhouse
<Content>Great Little Base - Has a Few Problems I really wanted to give the 41 Hotel a 5 star rating (after reading all of the previous reviews I couldn't wait to get there). While everything was extremely nice, there were some glitches with the hotel. 1) Several service problems required more than one call (and more than one day) before anything was even done. Small example (there were others)- we paid for champagne to be in our room upon arrival = 3 days after we we were there (and after several requests), our champagne was brought to our room. This might be a small item to complain about, but if you're paying for that item shouldn't you get it when you're supposed to. You don't order a pizza thinking that maybe the person will bring it 3 days from now.2) Contrary to everything that is written in their brochures etc., dvd players and cd players are not in every room. In fact, we requested both items several times for 2 different rooms - we were denied them every time (in both rooms) we requested them. I'm not trying to nitpick, but why advertise that you can utilize their extensive dvd/cd library to be used with your room's dvd/cd system if you're not going to be given a dvd/cd system. It's not that I want to spend my time in London in my hotel room, but it would have been nice (late at night or early in the morning) to have been able to utilize the system that they advertised in several of their publications.3) The first room we were given was a king deluxe room w/fireplace. While the room was charming, there was absolutely no room to put luggage away. I'm not exaggerating here - there was none (we had to stack it up in front of the window).4) The second room we were given, after the neighbors across the hall turned our section of the hotel into one big noisy party and we requested another room, had no fireplace (it did have a little room for some luggage), but the desk and chair were positioned so as to make getting to one side of the bed very difficult (especially in the middle of the night when you have to go to the bathroom). I stubbed my toe 3 times.I'm not trying to say that we didn't have a good time at the 41 Hotel (it was our first visit to London and the whole trip, including the trip to Paris prior to our trip to London, was simply awesome). Chantal was extremely nice, the lounge was a nice place to sit and have a drink, everyone was extremely friendly, the rooms were appointed very well - but the problems above shouldn't be happening if you're paying top dollar (at least if you want to get 5 stars from me). I want to like it a lot more (maybe you all received the type of room and the ameinities we thought we were going to receive and for some reason, even though we paid for a king deluxe room, we were given the so-so rooms with no added amenities). Whatever the case may be, it is a nice hotel, but it does have some kinks that need to be worked out.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect Mu husband and I were on a short layover in London and we stayed here for one night. We will be back!! Great location, it is only on one floor next to another hotel. Private, quiet, wonderful service and very spiffy decor! Look on the internet for good deals  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super clean and friendly Read the reviews on this site and couldn't agree more. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 is that the staff needs a geography lesson. And, the staff needs immersion in the attractions of London, including restaurants. Almost every time we asked for directions, they were wrong. Also, all restaurant recommendations were TERRIBLE. We loved BBar downstairs but, its closed on the weekend. The breakfast was not good. But, I, unlike most on this site, really don't expect a good breakfast at any hotel if it is included in the room rate. Still, great decor, fresh and clean.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reviews are Absolutely On Target Our 6 night stay at Hotel 41 in early August was the key to a memorable London trip. I was a first time Tripadvisor user and suspicious that the site had been Amazon'd with phony reviews. Hotel 41 absolutely lives up to the raves. We slept extremely well due to wonderful beds and a quiet location (interior courtyard room for 4 nights and facing the Buckingham Palace Mews for 2) My husband  I still long for the terrific bathrooms and deluge showers. Our 8 year old son was made to feel at home by the caring staff (who indulged him with fresh-made fruit smoothies and happily compared notes on favorite Gameboy games). The spacious common library was a welcome refuge for all of us throughout the day. We found the location (5 minutes walk to Victoria tube) quite convenient. There is no question that we will return again and again to Hotel 41.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jodimaca
<Content>It's All True! I can't say enough about the comforts offered at Hotel 41, both the outstanding physical comforts and the tender loving care provided by Chantal, Jacques, Martin, and Anna. It is a lovely facility made even better by lovely staff. It is quite convenient as well. The bedding is of the highest quality, the decorating is most pleasing as well. Truly, all the conveniences of home, but considerably posher. I highly recommend this hotel to any and all, but most particularly to women travelling alone. On my second evening, I just could not adjust to the clock and went to the lounge where Jacques offered everything from tea to movies to help me get to sleep. Chantal greeted me at all times with a smile and warm words insuring that I was happy. Be sure and ask for them to prepare you a picnic in the park! Can't wait for a reason to return. It was all that was promised and more.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay!!! This hotel was everything we thought it would be and more...Chantal the Manager was delightful and the staff was so attentive. They saved us enormous time in acquiring show tickets and other information about London. Would schedule another trip tomorrow if possible!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb: London's 41 I want to sing the praises of 41, a wonderful small hotel overlooking the Royal Mews at Buckingham Palace in London. Very luxurious with superb service. All the trappings of a private club. There is a discreet private entrance and no sign. A personal butler attends to your every need. Despite its classic charm, 41 has every modern 21st century technological feature. There are only 16 very stylishly decorated 16 rooms and four suites at 41. My favorite is the glass-ceilinged conservatory suite. The bathrooms are all marble, the mattresses all hand made and divine. Best of all is the mahogany-panelled Executive Lounge for round the clock dining. Check out www.----------------------------- Brooks Perry  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Royal Treat 41 is a darling boutique-style hotel situated above their sister hotel Rubens at the Palace. 41 is absolutely beautiful with classy black and white decor. Our kingsize bed was so comfy we had no trouble falling asleep at night. The lighting was state of the art which took a bit to figure out but once figured out it was lovely. There was even a brass switch on the wall above the night table that when turned on lit a small light outside our room that stated we did not want to be disturbed. There was also the traditional do not disturb sign (wooden)as well that you hung on the door. The room was beautifully furnished and had a wardrobe with a programmable safe in it. The air conditioning worked great as well. The only thing I could say that I wasn't fond of the electronic system. I am not an electronic buff and it took some figuring out to get TV, music, dvd player, computer, internet (wireless keyboard), etc to work. The bathroom was truly gorgeous and spotless. We had a huge soaking tub with a shower, plus an additional shower with a huge showerhead, a large vanity and a towel warmer. There was always plenty of hot water and an endless supply wonderful toiletries which the staff had meticulously placed on the shelf. The linens were exceptional. Large thick white towels with a black 41 monogram on some of them. Two kinds of bathrobes, terry and waffle. The staff were wonderful and very professional. Chantal the Resident Manager is a perfectionist and this carries over to her staff. The staff in the executive lounge where we had breakfast each morning were so meticulous (but very friendly) even your plates were placed so that the 41 logo was at the top. Nothing dared to be out of place. The turn down service was a nice touch, with a candle being lit in the bathroom each night as well as slippers and robes being layed out for you. 41 is located less than 2 blocks from Buckingham Palace, Victoria Rail and Tube Station, and across the road from the Royal Mews. Yes the Queen is your neighbor!  I could go on and on about 41!! 41 has spoiled us for life!!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Utterly fantastic!  After several months of planning and research to find the perfect London hotel, 41 was what I hoped it would be and more. This was a birthday trip to mother and sister and I wanted everything to be as perfect as possible. Chantal, the resident manager, made it all happen with the most warm and personal touches, including balloons, champagne, a cake, and gifts waiting in our room upon our arrival. Chantal and I had been emailing each other in the weeks preceeding the trip and I felt as if I knew her as a friend when we finally arrived.  This was by far the best hotel I have stayed at in London out of my previous 4 stays. The hotel itself is quaint yet beautiful with a cozy, at-home feeling. From the street, the entrance is quite inconspicuous and private which is very nice. The overall style is what I would describe as contemporary old-world style meets traditional English. The executive lounge is a large, gorgeous living room type of space with multiple seating areas that are also for the morning breakfast sittings. In the evenings, a well stocked bar is set up for evening cocktails. The very unconventional reception area is also here in this room as a mere executive desk with a flat screen computer monitor and two guest chairs. There's also an open loft in this room with additional seating, desks, and computers for business use.  The bedrooms themselves are absolutely lovely, consistent with the look and feel of the rest of the hotel and very well equiped with everything you could possibly need. A web-tv type of set-up with cordless keyboard makes e-mail and internet access so very convenient. There is a fax machine, mini bar, cordless telephone to use anywhere in the hotel, spacious closets, and bathroom large enough to accomodate 3 of us ladies staying in the same room (now that is important!). There was a separate shower and bathtub and a lot of counter space.  I could go on and on about this place. Chantal and her staff could not be any more cordial and accomodating. We had originally planned to stay 4 days and 4 nights but ended up staying and extra day since we were having so much fun. Needless to say I would stay at the 41 again and again and highly recommend it!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great but not perfect A fantastic hotel that would be perfect if not for housekeeping weaknesses.From the moment I arrived I was made to feel welcome, it really does make a difference when the staff always refer to you by name.When I wanted to surprise my fiancee on her birthday by upgrading to a suite, Chantel made it happen whilst we were out so that the first my partner knew about it was when we returned and I took her to a different room.The housekeeping issues were not serious but just took a bit of the shine over what is a superb hotel.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Royal family should stay here. My husband, myself and our 13 year-old daughter stayed here for 4 nights in May, 2004. Our niece and her 13 year-old daughter joined us a day later. We did not arrive till midnight our 1st night, very tired and much needing a bed. We were greeted very warmly and immediately checked into our room. Our room was beautiful. Small, but everything we could want was there. The bathroom was just awesome. The beds were the best we found during our 11 day stay in England. Breakfast was the same everyday and limited, but we found items we liked. The receptionist/concierge , Chantal, was very helpful and very friendly. They say that location is everything, and we believe it. We were a block from the tube station and a block from the palace. We were able to take walks in the evening by the palace, thru the parks and out into the city very easily. The only complaints were that the drink prices were a little high and a complaint from the 13 year-old's that there was no instant messenger service on the computer.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EddieHenry
<Content>We loved every minute Before we even arrived at 41, I'd had numerous communications with Chantal, the resident manager. Our emails had been so warm that I felt my 23 year old daughter and I were arriving in London to meet a friend. We were not disappointed. Chantal was wonderful (including being a surrogate doting mom to me when I arrived at the hotel suffering from food poisoning- she personally brought me chicken soup!) I've never felt more at home in a hotel than at this one. Our suite was perfect, from the heated towel rack and enormous tub in the bathroom, to the overall stunning decor. The beds were comfy and cozy and the room had lots of high tech appointments (tons of light switches!). Breakfasts were plentiful and good. I'd recommend this hotel in a heartbeat.   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alliebdive
<Content>Lovely Hotel - One of the best We stayed here with friends for a weekend in March and had a superb time. It started off well when the manager rang me shortly after I'd made my booking. Through no fault of mine, the accommodation I'd booked for my family wasn't possible. They went to such friendly lengths to reassure me and even gave me a second room free - it was beautifully done. That's real customer service. It's a little bit difficult to find your way in - there's a special door next to the Rubens and the reception is not well marked from the place on the 5th floor where you exit the lift, but these are minor quibbles. The rooms are excellent - absolutely luxurious in the true meaning of the word. They're not big, but they are superbly equipped. The television/video/internet access was wonderful and the girls loved it. The bathroom was gorgeous. The bed linen was the best I have ever encountered and I know my bed linen! Its the only place I know where they leave you both towelling and waffle bath robes - you can take your pick. A candle was lit for us in the bathroom every night, it was all great. We had breakfast in the Club Lounge every morning and it was excellent - the butlers offered us fresh fruit smoothies and they were delicious. Service from everyone was extremely friendly but absolutely first class. Not stuffy though. You felt very relaxed - as though it was a private club that you were an established member of. There were also board games, books, dvds and videos which you could use. The Plunder the Pantry feature was ok but nothing special - bit disappointing really. I couldn't really find anything I wanted to plunder! Would love to stay here again and have no hesitation in recommending it highly. I personally prefer the Draycott Hotel, I think, but it is a very tight balance.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic!   showReview(1769071, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet and Convenient   showReview(1537605, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Across from Buckingham Palace and treated like Royalty   showReview(1531887, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rss2
<Content>Traveling on business, stay at the 41   showReview(1343704, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but not perfect   showReview(1283075, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quirky and First Class   showReview(1275882, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ljnative
<Content>The perfect escape   showReview(1258614, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed just after 9/11   showReview(1129145, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sasstastical
<Content>The perfect hotel in wonderful London.   showReview(1072123, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mfrieder
<Content>Fabulous hotel   showReview(861028, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FolgorinoPv
<Content>Bello.non bellissimo   showReview(22926418, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel zum Zur眉ckziehen   showReview(11455383, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rollo13
<Content>Fantastisch   showReview(4363981, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

