<Author>manzanita_light
<Content>was a nice room but to expensive evrything we went on vacation for our aniversary for a week.This hotel, was nice only if we stay inside on our room, we try to used the pool but was dirty, and we try some food at the restaurant we did not like, and it was really expensive.almost everything was over price.but our room was really comfortable.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	1	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TheGreatP
<Content>Good Place Despite Late Check-in Wireless: Big points for a major hotel offering free wireless (when it worked). Normally these larger chains have wireless available for a fee - and a large fee at that. This one was free. Other Marriotts could learn from this and put their greed aside.Check in was supposed to be at 15:00 and was disappointing - in fact the worst part of the stay. After a long trip from Belgium, the last thing we wanted was an unpleasant surprise to deal with. We arrived around 13:30, announced ourselves, left our bags and went for lunch at the Metropol. So they knew we were waiting. No complaints yet as we were early. Returned at 15:00 to be told that the room wasn鈥檛 ready and that check in BEGINS at 15:00. Not at 15:00, but BEGINNING at 15:00. What does that mean? Check in could be as late as midnight??? I became difficult at that point and gave the desk many questions that they either stumbled through or couldn鈥榯 answer without a canned reply from the Marriott book. In the end the room was ready at 16:00. It would have been later had I not been such a nuisance. The desk was professional, mature and polite, but geared to justifying the situation. (Did you know that it takes 45 minutes to clean a room and that there are four cleaners for every twelve rooms, some people don鈥檛 check out on time and that a lot of other people are also waiting?) Interesting but not as interesting as 鈥淐heck-in BEGINS at 15:00!!!. We were told to GO AWAY鈥?and have lunch, or have dinner, or have a drink, or walk around. Also, the desk staff kept disappearing into the rear for us and other people trying to check in which really slowed things. When I told them that we had hoped to have a few hours at the beach for the children, we were told that most families bring a change of beach clothes with them in case this situation happens. That was really helpful. Nothing was offered to make us feel better (free drinks, food coupons, room discount, etc). We were informed that the room was an upgrade from 鈥淥cean view鈥?to 鈥淥cean Front鈥? but the room wasn鈥檛 on the front, so I don鈥檛 know what they were talking about. Maybe there are rooms with Ocean Front in capital letters and ocean front in lower case. But they lost big, big points here. After all, this is a Marriott and Marriott has a lot of beatings of drums over being a great host. (The late check-in appeared to be a daily occurrence.)Room was good size and nice, but average. Bathroom was clean but 鈥渢ired鈥? Large screen TV with good channels. Small fridge. Small safe in room. Beds were very, very comfortable. Could have used a bit more storage furniture.Pool had a lagoon motif. Not very big, but always space available. (The beach was so nice that most people went there.) Lots of sun beds pool-side or by the beach. Hot tub was hot, really too hot - but then again, it is called a hot tub. Pool staff very polite and efficient. There was a wedding one afternoon and it was interesting to see how they slowly closed down parts of the patio to accommodate the wedding with minimal impact on the other guests.We had stayed at the Intercontinental (IC, for the purposes of this review) the last time we were in Isle Verde - and the IC was superior to the Courtyard in every category. But then, the IC costs more. Our expectations of the Courtyard were high based on the IC, so some aspects were disappointing from the start.The best part of the hotel was the access to the beach - one of the reasons we stayed here. Clean sand, nice waves, leave the pool and walk right onto the beach itself. Kids loved it. Safe and fun. House-keeping was a bit slow, but they lost big points as we found a used condom on the bathroom floor when we first entered the room during our late check-in. Yuck!!!! Housekeeping resources was also just as strained during the visit as it was during the check-in. The first full day the room wasn鈥檛 cleaned until 17:00. I spoke with my friends at the check-in desk and they fixed this. Afterwards, the room was cleaned in the morning. I guess that you have to tell the hotel what you want instead of letting them guess what you want.The hotel had several restaurants, but better value for money could be found outside. There was a breakfast buffet for $15.95, but as a family of four, it would cost about $70 once the tax was applied. There was an ice cream counter that also had some baked items, but despite having three people behind the counter, you had to beat them with a stick to get their attention. In fairness to the hotel regarding food prices, all the other hotels on the beach also price gouge. They will charge as much as they think they can get you to pay. There were people in the restaurants, but many of them were short term visitors who went in without knowing what the damage would be. The prices at the IC were much worse.As a breakfast alternative, there was a Denny鈥檚 ten minutes away across from the Metropol (see below). Normal Dennny鈥檚 food, but service was very, very slow. Accept it and you will be happy. Expect something snappy and you will get into a irritated funk. With the portions they served, our brood of four only cost $20. Also a Walgreens pharmacy in the same shopping area.Speaking of prices, we took it on the chin for the room charge. During Christmas they (and all the other hotels) double the rate. So instead of around $180 a day, the room was $350. It was still cheaper than the other hotels we considered. They also attached a 鈥渞esort fee鈥?of $45 (13% of the base price) a night. I was told that covered free water in the rooms, towel service at the pools and entertainment at night. Seems like a lot for daily water, one towel per person and loud music. It wasn鈥檛 a government required fee (like tourist tax), but just a Marriott policy. Why charge a separate fee for no visible and severable cost unless you are trying to hide a surcharge to make your rate look more attractive? Also a fee of $25 for each person in the room over two people per night. So in our case, another $50 per night. Not a severable cost that they were trying to recover. It was just an additional price that Marriott charges. As they couldn鈥檛 associate a cost for the two extra people other than extra towels, I suppose the hotel grabs what it can take. We knew about the fees when we made the reservation by looking closely at the Marriott website, but many of my fellow travelers were surprised to see it on their bills. Why hide these costs in the small print of the reservation? Put it up front in the rate. Greed. And greed will find you by yourself and lonely one day Marriott at Isle Verde.The hotel over charged us on the final bill in that one of our brood was 12 and exempt to the $25 extra person fee and they applied the 13% resort fee to the extra person fee also. We chatted about it for some time and they finally eliminated the resort fee, but kept the extra person fees.As we are now on food, the location of hotel was a little inconvenient as it is on the end of the developed beach. All the non-hotel restaurants were a short walk away along a busy road (busy with cars, but sometimes a little uneasily devoid of people - especially at night - until you reach the Metropol). Lots of 鈥渇amily鈥?style or fast food places 15 minutes away on the main rood (across from the IC). As well as the Mi Casita in a small strip mall across from the IC - good local fare at very reasonable prices. Basic atmosphere, but always packed. The bill at Mi Casita doubled charged the drinks one night, so buyer beware. Also a Chinese place a few doors down from Mi Casita. Normally not very full, but tasty. Not great, but tasty.Best non-hotel restaurant remains the Metropol - local food, fairly priced, big portions, nice atmosphere. Between the hotel and the IC and next to the cock-fighting arena (wonder if the losing birds are served at the restaurant next door?). We went there almost everyday. The kids loved the grilled red snapper. I liked the pepper steak Cuban style and stuffed guinea fowl. Service could have been better, but it depended if you have the A team or the B team for waiters. Also, the wife reported that there wasn鈥檛 any running water in the ladies room for three days (including flush). So 鈥渇reshen up鈥?before you go just in case and avoid a seat (at a table) near the toilets. She reported it each time, but what the heck - all the waiters were guys so I suppose it didn鈥檛 matter. Men鈥檚 room was fine. Sounds like a one-off since this hadn鈥檛 occurred on previous vacations there.The worst Mexican food in North America can still be found at Lupi鈥檚 on the main drag between the hotel and the IC. Great place for getting beered up and watching sports programmes, but the food is the worst Mexican fare I have ever had. I鈥檝e seen some good reviews of it on the internet, but I wonder how much these reviewers had to drink before they ate something there. Last year two of the dishes weren鈥檛 edible - when we brought it to their attention, the waitress and 鈥渕anager鈥?assured us that the food was fine, and we had just ordered something that we didn鈥檛 like (grilled snapper or grouper and a traditional Mexican combo plate). Such a disappointment. It looked like the menu had changed somewhat since last time, but after our first experience, why throw money away. Anything that bad doesn鈥檛 deserve a second chance. Having said that, we did dip our toes in the water and tried the Lupi鈥檚 Nachos during a beering session. I thought they were so-so, but the wife thought they were the worst she鈥檚 had. Guacamole was described as slimey and the beef suspicious. She couldn鈥檛 eat it. That was yesterday and I don鈥檛 feel sick, so I suppose it was ok to eat it. The pool guys at the hotel also thought that the food was bad - with the exception of the buffalo wings. Looks fantastic from the outside as a Mexican sports bar - your mouth will water, but such a disappointment. It鈥檚 hard to mess up Mexican food (even Taco Bell Express and Old El Paso at the supermarket get by), but they found the secret (its even worse than mine).One thing we didn鈥檛 like (not related to the hotel), was the absence of small grocery stores. 7-11鈥榮, etc. to stock the fridge in the room There was one across from the IC of good size, but the shelves were only one third full. Strange place. There was also a Pueblo market on the other side of the Holiday Inn, but not very easy to get to.Would I go back again? If my first choices were too expensive or full, I think that I would. But I would watch the bill like a hawk and let them know ahead of time that check-in was at 15:00 and rooms were to be cleaned in the morning. After all, the beach was great and the people tried hard to make it a nice stay (once you checked in).  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	2	1	4	-1	

<Author>KathyGlow
<Content>could not have been any better!! We stayed at the Courtyard Marriott pre-cruise in January. I have read the other reviews before we went to San Juan. When we pulled up to the hotel via taxi I was so surprised! Nice fountain and beautiful hotel! The beach is wonderful! Beautiful palm tree's, nice hammocks to lounge in and wonderful pool area. We arrived in the afternoon and our rooms were already ready. We were again surprised that we were offered some coupons for the bar for a free drink. That was so nice. We didn't have oceanfront rooms but were again shocked to find out we did have ocean views! Our views were from the sides but still nice! We had a really clean and comfortable room. The room was large with a nice size deck. All the rooms will have a deck. We were on a higher floor room which was nice. We only stayed one night but wished we could have stayed longer. You could easily stay right here for a week or longer! The outdoor restaurant was very nice. We didn't eat there but menu looked good. We ate at the buffet and that was good. Salsa night club was fun with people dancing and good drinks. We went into Casino for a few mintutes  my husband did win! Fun! Cute little gift shop and little cafe also on the main floor. The next day we ate at the cafe and brought our food outside by the pool. The bar opened up at 10:30 and we had our first Pina Colada. So good. Very nice pool area. The beach was wonderful and we had fun in the large waves that were splashing up that monring. I would stay here again without hesitation. Wonderful stay. The only negative is that we only were able to stay one night. We had fun on the cruise but would like to return to the Courtyard Marriott Resort. I agree with a previous review that the website pics don't do the resort justice. Oh...you do here the planes but I found it fun as you are on a tropical island!! If you stay at a smaller island anyplace on the island you can hear the planes!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>farrisva
<Content>Beautiful hotel inside and out - 5 Stars As Far As I'm Concerned We booked this hotel through Expedia using their hotel/air combination. What a great deal. The pictures on the website do not do it justice -- you really have to see the place.From the time our cab pulled up in front - it was a delightful experience. The bellman was friendly and we never touched out bags until they were up in our room.Expedia said we had an ocean view room but when we arrived, we didn't. The hotel gave us a free immediate upgrade to an ocean view room and also to a higher floor for a better view. Our balcony faced the ocean from a side view and it was great!The airport is very close, so if you don't like the sound of airplanes taking off and landing, don't stay here. For us, it was music to our ears and enhanced the excitement of being away.This beachfront hotel is the nicest we have stayed in bar NONE!Hammocks, beautiful pool, hottub, sandy beach and the ocean - who could ask for more?Several nice restaurants inside the hotel. Seating outside for a beach breakfast, lunch, or dinner.Staff welcomed us with open arms. Nice and close to the pier. They arranged for a van to take us to the pier and it was ready outside in the morning at a specific agreed-upon time.I would recommend this hotel to families and couples. Very romantic and a lot of fun!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>azil68pr
<Content>A Great Stay! We stayed at the Courtyard Isla Verde from 11/14-11/17 as a weekend getaway to celebrate my 40th birthday. I must say that the staff at the Courtyard went out of their way to help me celebrate, I was given an upgrade to an oceanfront suite and was surprised to find a fruit and cheese tray sent to me by the General Manager. The room was immaculate, the staff was so friendly and the grounds of the hotel were nice. We enjoyed dancing the night away (salsa) and the beach was beautiful. I played at the casino and Won! It was a great weekend. I would defenitely recommend this hotel to anyone. We enjoyed our short trip and plan to return for a longer period and will surely stay at the Courtyard Marriot Isla Verde.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>caltone
<Content>Only 1 Negative My husband and I stayed at this hotel October 24-27. No problems checking in. We arrived at 2:45 and there were 4 people ahead of us. We were in our room by 3. Our room was very nice, large with a partial oceanview. We did, however, hear the airplanes in our room. Not a big deal, I could have been at work instead.The beach was beautiful and we didn't experience any problems wih sand fleas. We ate several meals at the hotel and the food was delicious. We also walked to Dennys for breakfast one morning, about a 15 min walk from the hotel. A Walgreens is in the same shopping center as Dennys. The staff at this hotel is the best! If you stay there, look for Pedro at the bell stand. He was very helpful with information on Old San Juan and made several recommendations. Also, the manager of Salsa (can't remember his name) does a great job. The only negative is the resort fee. Many hotels in San Juan charge some type of fee so this is not exclusive to the Courtyard. But we thought it was ridiculous that guests had to rent beach chairs ($6 each per day). The chairs should be an included amenity if a resort fee is charged. Or allow guests to pay for the services they actually use (chairs,gym, internet, etc) instead of paying a resort fee.All in all, we had a great stay.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>g_a_r_y6
<Content>No problems whatsoever My wife and I stayed here for a quick getaway 11/15 - 11/18.Check In:Check in was smooth, the welcome drink was a nice touch. When we arrived our room was not ready so we took a walk to the grocery store (15 minute walk)...I think it was called Pueblo. We bought supplies for the next few days snacks, bread, sandwich meats, beer, rum etc.Room:We had an ocean view room on the opposite side from the airport. The view was so-so but we don't spend much time in the room so we didn't mind. We went to the beach instead where the view was just fine. Hotel/Lobby/Grounds:The pool was very nice but we spent our time on the beach. We rented chairs ($6 per day)..drink prices we high so we made our own in our mugs and brought them to the beach. The hot tub was luke warm one day and scalding hot the next so we didn't get to use it. Casino was nice, entertainment in the lobby was lively. We don't do the salsa but those that do were fun to watch.Meals:For breakfast we are bagel and coffee people so that's all we did...got our bagel and coffee at banana's. Lunch we did on our own..brought our own sandwiches and snacks to the beach. We did dinner one night at Chili's and the next two nights in Old San Juan (Dragon Fly  Parrot Club) both were excellent.Taxi:Taxis are expensive. A taxi into Old San Juan is $21 + tip each way. The bus is free. We did the bus. Walk out of the hotel, go left, and wait at the bus stop in front of Denny's. Take the A5 or the C53 into Old San Juan. The last bus out of Old San Juan is at 9:00pm so if you are late you will need to take a cab. Also, leaving the hotel a taxi will cost $12.50 + tip to take you one mile to the airport. The bus is free...you do the math. Car rental:I would not rent a car unless I needed it for a certain day. Parking in Old San Juan is very difficult and it costs $15 per day to park in the hotel. We went to the rain forest one day and rented a car just for the day from Charlie (15 min walk)San Fleas:They a little bit of a problem in the early morning or late evening but non-existent during the day. We brought bug spray but never used it.Airplane noiseAirplanes makes noise. The hotel is next to the airport. This was not a problem for us. Every plane I heard was a plane that I was not on. I was on a beach. no problem.Summary:Great place to stay. We'd do it again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bigfoot64
<Content>Communication I have sent 3 requests for information from this hotel over a 2 week period. (We have a wedding party staying in San Juan) No response from reservations, or the information email addresses. Based on this experience, if you want to stay at this hotel, book it. If you need information before booking, don't waste your time waiting for a response.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>natlee408
<Content>Watch out for sand fleas! Pros:* Nice and helpful staff* Plenty of food options * Casino* Concerige is great Cons:* Rooms have carpet that get wet and full of sand and sand fleas that bite you all day / night (I suggest they remove the carpet like most resorts with pool / beach access)* The beach is nice but filled with sand fleas (they offer a free bug spray that doesn't work* The front desk is too slow. They either need more people for a streamlined process for check-in. It took me ~15 mins to check-in. Way too long* For the price, there are nicer places on the same street (namely the Ritz Carlton)* Food isn't that good in Picante (burger was bland) or Salsa (all food was tasteless) * Pool was kinda gross. Needs updating. The hot tub is very small and because of the way the jets are setup it throws sand at you  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	1	4	4	

<Author>Kristin07
<Content>ok for a short trip I returned from my trip to PR about a week ago. Overall the hotel was not bad. The hotel room was nice, but our bathroom was disgusting. The was something on the shower curtain that we thought could be 1 of 2 things. And the coffee pot was in the bathroom??? They gave us a free upgrade and the view was nice except the people in the next building could see right in and the curtains were VERY sheer. Beware that if you go through Rriceline or any other travel site, there ARE hidden charges. We had to pay around 12.00 extra a day in hotel fees and 15.00 a day just to park there! The price of the food was very high, but excellent. To eat at Sirena at the hotel, with tip it was 120.00, Salsa was about 50.00 and for breakfast at Bananas, about 20.00. By the way, you never get free refills. You get 3 sodas, you pay for 3 sodas (at 3.00 each!) Eat a Old San Juan 10 min away, you can get amazing food for half the price. Everyone was friendly however service is VERY slow, but the whole island is that way. A very nice gentleman at the hotel booked us a catamaran trip by Castillos Tours to Icacos island and it was well worth the 89.00 a person. We stayed 4 nights and that was enough. Anything longer than that, you can stay at a nicer hotel just down the way on the same beach. By the way, it is dead there during the week, but the hotel was buzzing on Friday night. Recommend going during the week. Hope this was helpful!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>twotwin
<Content>We loved our trip to PR       View of beach  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>rixon
<Content>good hotel right on the beach Stayed at this hotel 2 nights before a caribbean cruise. Room was on the corner with a partial see view. Nice view of the airport. Hotel was good, very large room. Thought the breakfast was pricey, so went to Denny's 4 minutes away. Hotel right on a great beach. Pool area very good. Although a lot of noise from aircrafts taking off and landing. 10 minutes taxi into San Juan. Old town lovely - good shopping. Would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>SnoopyFla
<Content>The Worst Short Trip EVER I never in my life have had anything stolen from my hotel room until I said here. Going with an expensive, name brand hotel doesn't mean you get the safety of knowing your belongings will be in your room when you get back. I stayed at this particular hotel because my friend getting married thought it was safe as well and is from PR. Well when I got ready to leave and pack my belongings my favorite dress was NO WHERE TO BE FOUND. The only thing the front desk, Corporate, and Security said to me is that it was being investigated. Nobody had access to my room except me and the staff at the hotel. You tell me where my dress went. Why is it that it is three months later I have yet to hear what happened to my favorite dress? I have got no compensation for my troubles or the fact that I will never see MY BELONGINGS AGAIN. Please do not stay here. If the treat case like this just image if something happened to you and your belongings. It isn't worth the fact that nobody from Management to Corporate has yet to help me with my problems. I've never been so disappointed in all the places I've ever traveled. I doubt I will ever stay at a Courtyard by Marriott ever again thanks to this troubling experience. Whatever you do don't stay at Courtyard by Marriott Isle Verde in Carolina, PR!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>bobettern
<Content>Nice Hotel We arrived in San Juan the day before our cruise in May, 2008. We chose the Marriott Isla Verde hotel despite the many reviews regarding the airport noise. While the hotel does sit across the highway and the plane noise does get pretty loud, we could only hear the airport faintly from inside the hotel and rooms. The hotel was clean and the accomodations were comfortable. Checking in and out was expedited quickly. The hotel staff was service oriented but friendly and personable. My friends and I enjoyed our first Mojito at the Picante and later dinner and breakfast at the Salsa buffet. We especially enjoyed the delicious Puerto Rican food among the many entrees and choices offered. The price of the dinner and breakfast buffets were reasonable for the many selections offered. The pool area and hotel grounds were clean, beautiful, and well maintained. All in all my friends and I enjoyed our stay. However, if staying for more than a couple of days, we agreed that we would prefer to stay somewhere more quiet.R. Farkas Gahanna,ohio  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NootskiWauankeeWI
<Content>Isla Verde at it's best! We enjoyed a week and a half at the Isla Verde Courtyard Marriott and loved every minute! The 12th Floor beachfront Suite had a stunning view of the beach, ocean and San Juan skyline. The evening sunsets on the balcony were exactly the relaxing moments we were looking for.We were impressed by the service we received at every level at the resort. From the moment we arrived at the front door and were helped with our vehicle and bags, we felt like we were welcome and knew we would be well-cared for. The front desk personnel were always helpful and pleasant. The room was exceptionnally maintained by the staff. The enitre resort property was immaculate and cared for - it made our stay so enjoyable.Our suite became our home away from home - the beds were very comfortable, and we had plenty of room to spread out with our kids. With the Olympics on TV during our visit - our kids really enjoyed the nice television set - and allowed us to enjoy the nightlife a the resort. The staff was so respectful of our time in our room - going to great lengths to clean it around our schedule.The Restaurants were fabulous. The food at the Salsa Restaurant provided the authentic Puerto Rican cooking that we were looking for. Although it's always good to get out and enjoy the variety restaurants in the neighborhood have to offer - it would have been very easy to eat every meal right at the resort. The beach front higher end restaurant Sirena was just relaxing, delicious experience. The Fish and Polenta dish I enjoyed was out of this world! The breakfast buffet was large and provided a delicious breakfast to all of our different tastes. Our kids loved Banana - getting their nightly treat there to enjoy in the room!The pool was wonderful - surrounded by beautiful palm trees and the beach just steps away. Our whole family enjoyed every moment we spent in the sun and water! The staff was so helpful in getting to the tourist sites as well - their directions to the Bacardi Factory were right on and made the trip so easy.All in all, we were astounded with the warm smiles, friendly attitudes of the staff, and how much we enjoyed our stay! We will be recommending the Courtyard by Marriott Isla Verde Resort to everyone we know! We'll be back again ourselves too!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Liberatr
<Content>Amazing Stay - Can't Wait to Go Back! My girlfriend and I stayed here for four nights (Monday-Friday) last week and we absoultely loved it! We checked in early around 1:30pm on Monday and were promptly handed two free drink coupons and match play coupons for the casino. We got to the room and we saw we had been upgraded to a full ocean view! A fruit platter along with a note from Mrs. Ng wishing us an outstanding stay really impressed us and right there, we knew we were going to have a great time. We spent most of our time at the beach or by the pool. Beach is excellent, it was very quiet (maybe because it was mid-week?) and it was very relaxing which is what we wanted. We sucked it up and paid the $6 for a beach chair (over the week though it adds up) but I still dont understand why that cant be included in the resort fee. Pool area was very nice and clean and we spent a lot of time at the swim-up bar. Jacuzzi is right next to the pool and it was usually empty. Hammocks are further back- all in all a very relaxing enviornment.We ate dinner at Salsa which was very good. Another night we went to Picante for drinks/small dinner and that was good as well. Wished we tried Sirena but ran out of time. For breakfast/lunch Banana's was a great option because its quick and more afforable then the breakfast buffet. One night we also ventured to Metropol and that was outstanding Cuban food. Worth the 10-15 minute walk.For nightime activites, we usually hung out in Picante or hit the casino in the hotel. Casino is small but gets the job done. Some dealers were friendly and talkative - especially Omar. I wish they rest were like him. One night we went down to the Ritz to check their casino out, which is a little better but really isnt much different. Next time I come I would advise to stay at least one weekend night as the resort seemed dead at times (though not always a bad thing). I could see on Thursday night the place was more crowded with the Salsa dancing and live music, so I'm assuming the weekend would be like that. All in all, a great stay with special thanks to Mrs. Ng and Mr. Arroyo. You made our 1st trip to Puerto Rico special and we will be back!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>4girlss
<Content>Custumer doesn't matter, It's all about the $$$ We stayed at this hotel for a week and experienced problems as soon as we got there. It was me and 3 of my girl friends and we made this reservetion over Priceline over the phone to make sure we'll stay in one room. When making the reservation I asked about 3 different times if besides resort fee if there's any additional charge we should expect. It was repeatedly said no, of courae not. WE got there and Marriott wanted additional $400!!! taxes + 2 additional fees for each night since it was 4 of us!! but we made that reservation for 4!!! we had 4 plane tickets!! twice they asked us to pay the taxes and when we answered that it was already paid for, the aswer was, oh yeah, I'm sorry, the SYSTEM told me wrong. We almost felt like they're on commission on how much they can charge a customer! Priceline pulled my recorded phone call as a proof that the agent didn't disclose any additional fees and guaranteed us no other fees upon arrival. but still nobody wanted to take the charge! They have a different manager every day and when asked to talk to the GM, my request was declined. I felt like on the open air market, the mgr started negotiating how much they would cover. Absolutely unproffesional. Their answer was that they have experienced similar issues with priceline before but they couldn't do anything. So who pays for their lousy contract..yes, sadly enough the custumer . I always stay at the Marriott for business purposes and this was my first stay as a personal vacation. How differently we got threated when 4 young girls in sweatshirts showed up comparing to my business trips wearing suit and using corporate credit card!! At the end we didn't have to pay anything but it completely spoiled 2 days of my vacation being on the phone and arguing with priceline and marriott. Not a great way to start your vacation. My recommendation is to hire professional and experienced manager who knows how to handle a problem on a spot.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>Ray57Rules
<Content>Peaceful, relaxing, excellent staff.       Yes?  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jandaroe
<Content>I Loved my stay at this Hotel I stayed at the courtyard in July and it was the best choice Liberty Travel made.Let me start from the beginning. I emailed Mr. Arroyo a week before getting there regarding my stay and asking him for a early check in and later check out within minutes Mr. Arroyo emailed me back letting me know tht he took care of my requests.When we got to the hotel at about 12:30 pm from a long flight with a baby. I was check in to a beautiful room on the 7th floor with the most beautiful view anyone can see. A fruit platter with Mr. Arroyo's card was there and it just started a great weeks stay at the hotel.  The rooms are very spacious and clean and the mini fridge is big enough to hold some drinks and snacks if you are traveling with kids. The staff was great here also from the guys in the front from when you walk in to the staff in the restaurants to the general cleaning staff, everyone wants to help you. We ate at Salsa Restaurant quit a few times because the food was the best , it was a buffett style Puerto Rican Cuisine but it was absolutely delicious and enjoyed it there. Picante is always great at night with live entertainment and great drinks and appetizers if you need that late snack. The beach was great even though its a public beach and the pools were fun but kinda dirty by mid week (that was the only complaint I had). This is the place to stay if you are in Isla verde, Great location 5 minutes from the airport but you do not hear the planes. Walking distance from everything you can imagine.  And if you stay here try Metropol Restaurant another good Restaurant. One last thing THANK YOU MR. ARROYO your curtious ways with the people that stay here make people want to come back. I will be back in July to see you all again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SizzlingSisig
<Content>We didn't want to leave! First, I do not recommend booking with Orbitz because they had billing mistakes that undercharged us. On the last day of a 4 day and 3 night stay, we were almost charged over $300 for the 5th person in our room. There were house rules we were not aware of and not listed in the Orbitz confirmation. To the credit of Marriott's management, the woman I spoke to followed up with Orbitz to correct the issue and she asked us to disregard the bill. Excellent customer service!As far as Isla Verde and the hotel is concerned, it is about a 5 minute cab ride from the airport. There were occasional plane rumbles from the take-offs that could not be heard from the rooms unless the sliding doors of our partial view terrace was open. The noise didn't bother us at the very least and it didn't detract from the serenity of enjoying the view.Another thing about our sliding doors, it solved the mystery of why our air condiitioner stopped working. I commend Marriott for rigging the AC power to the sliding doors to conserve energy. When the sliding doors are open the AC shuts off. Brilliant! They also conserve water through the low flow faucet and the option of reusing towels. The shower by the way may have been low-flow? I'm not sure because the different settings did the job in pulsing that water to blast any sand off after a day at the beach.And yes they do charge for the beach chairs but they do not charge for the beach towels. Before 6pm, you can obtain towels from the booth by the pool and bring them to the beach. There are also hammocks that I didn't get to test drive but looked wonderful - by the beach with the beautiful view of the blue skies and clouds. The pool was also a great option with plenty of room in the 3 feet area and the 5 feet side has the swim up bar. We were ableto use our key cards to get free cups of water in the gym which was about 20 feet from the whirlpool during our evening soaks. Behind the tall bushes surrounding the bar is the 3 feet deep kiddie pool-it's a good size for a few kids to jump in and enjoy.There is also great music in the evenings from the live band in the lobby bar and restaurant which serves draft medalla-a light puerto rican beer that I miss ohso much. Someone suggested that there should be lessons-I AGREE!!! I think that there should be lessons every hour of the basic steps of salsa and merengue. I would be more than eager to come back and drag all my friends and cousins with me for that. It will give us another reason to stay in the hotel and drive more of singles in our age group in. Our group was composed of a married couple and 3 single women in their 30s. As far as nightlife, when you exit the hotel, make a right. Trust me, to date, everything that is in walking distance is to the right when you exit the hotel and stay on the right side of the street because the sidewalk there makes it easy to walk alongside the wide streets. You will pass the Ritz Carlton and you will see a Denny's. Then you will see the parking opening for a strip mall on your right and the sign for Drums. The restaurant used to be called Shots. This is a good place for nightlight on Friday and Saturday nights after 10pm. If you want food though, don't enter the parking lot on your right. Instead, look to your left and you will see an island on the street with bus stop vestibules. Further across, you will see Metropol which doesn't look like a big restaurant from the facade. It opens at 11:30am and closes at 10:30pm and serves big portions of cuban and puerto rican meals. The portions are large and it could have been enough for two people. The sampler appetizer alone could have been the meal. My friend ordered and loved fiesta cubana and I enjoyed my friend's red snapper. The chicken was great as well (and contrary to my cousin's jokes, the chicken could not have been from the cockfighting arena next door. And even if it was, it was incredibly delicious.) I also enjoyed the grounded beef and make sure you try the puerto rican hot sauce...it is definitely based in vinegar and chili peppers. Also when they bring you the garlic buttered bread, make sure you ask for mayoketchup (aka thousand island dressing). Most locals use that sauce for the bread and it is also delicious.For another option for dessert and mealsk, cross the street again to where drums is located and continue walking away from the direction of the Marriott. You will pass Coral by the Sea (Inn?) and you will see Piu Bello. Great spot for dessert and if you want some sandwiches. If you keep going, you will also see Lupi's which is a bar and restaurant serving mexican meals. The next building you will encounter will be El San Juan. It is worth a visit on Saturday nights for Club Brava. Enter through the casino and this will noteceably be larger than Marriott. The wood panels made me feel like I was inside the Titanic because of that rich old world feel. They also have a bar and live bands, several options for shops and restaurants. It is almost set up like a mini Caesar's or Bellaggio. The pool is also incredible and the details on the outdoor area from the ceiling fans to the settees set up as pods were worth a try.A trip to the Bacardi factory is also easy enough. Just get a cab to take you there for $38 or $40 tops and when you get there, you will receive tickets for 2 free drinks. The presentation tours in the factory are also free and conducted in Spanish and English. Doing it on your own with a group is a cheaper option than going through an tour service. We also took a cab to Old San Juan and headed to El Convento Hotel. It is also a beautiful hotel with a great tapas restaurant-try it out for the foo, drinks and atmosphere. I fell in love with my sangria pitcher but I would have traded it for the best mojito so don't miss out on that. I can't even single out the best dish we tried there. They were all great...I'm getting hungry now thinking about it. And to walk off those extra calories, walk over to El Morro or to visit the shops in Old San Juan - from the Coach factory store, Puma and Burberry. You can also head over to the plaza by asking for Walgreens or Wendy's. They are all in that area. The valet/staff outside the door were friendly and gave us the heads up on the cab prices and were helpful on suggestions in making the most of our short stay.The Marriott was a good spot for people who were coming or going for a cruise, for families and couples. It wouls also be great for single men because God knows that there were 12 single women in their 20s or 30s for every single man. There was actually one guy on the beach that hit on everyone but he had no game because he made contact but never sealed any deals and instead went on to another woman. Hot single men need to visit this spot to help that poor boy out...he got so indecisive with all the choices. We were there for my cousin in law's birthday and there were so many weddings that there were many bridesmaids available before and after the wedding.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BAR2AG4
<Content>great place~       room 1024  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kevinkmt
<Content>Pretty Good not much activity inside the hotel except for salsa bandsthe hotel is 12 mins away from the major malls and old san juan. the bell boys were terrific, staff polite and friendlybuffet breakfast was good - pools were nice, gym was basic, internet was fast enough, clean spaious rooms.i just wish the rates were cheaper.there is only one restaurant in the hotel and its not the greatest but its OK  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tropicalfan
<Content>Beautiful Beachfront       View of Isla Verde from balcony  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>ccurtis
<Content>All the conveniences We stay in Marriotts if they're convenient and because I'm a member. We stayed at this hotel the evening before we were to fly home. I wish we could have stayed a bit longer; the facilities were very nice. We had the dinner buffet in the Salsa restaurant and the food was very good. We had a coupon for a free drink and used that in the lounge while listening to a great band. It was fun to watch all the people dancing. I wish they had lessons! The casino was fun for a short time as well.Our room was fine, 2 doubles, decent size, and had a distant view of the beach. If we had been there longer, I might have more to say! I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>islandtrav07
<Content>Nice, easy-from-airport, hotel My husband and I stayed one night at The Courtyard by Marriott Isla Verde Beach Resort as we could not make our connection and needed a place close to the airport. We were pleasantly surprised with this hotel. Check-in was easy, but a bit long as it seemed this is the hotel distressed travelers were being sent to so it was a bit crowded at check-in. However, the room as adequate if a bit small for a longer stay. You could definitely hear the jets from the airport, but also the waves from the beach. We had a meal at Sirena Restaurant located off the main entrance on the beach. Scallops were great, Paella was not. Free Mojitos (twice for each of us) helped immensely! The Casino and lounge were hopping and the pool is open 24 hours. We also had morning breakfast at Bananas Ice cream parlor/cafe in the lobby and it was fine. Coffee especially good! I would stay here again for a night.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>savti
<Content>Very nice experience My husband and I stayed here post cruise. We were impressed by the very professional and friendly staff. Everyone from the bell staff, front desk, housekeeping, and restaurant personnel were smiling, and eager to please. Check-in was a breeze.We were especially impressed by Rafael, a waiter at the breakfast buffet. We ate outside, with a beautiful view of the beach.We enjoyed the casino, and loved the band and trio in the lobby bar, which is a fun place to spend the evening.The rooms were clean, spacious, with remodeled baths, and very comfortable bedding. The view of the beach from our balcony was stunning. The beach was wide, and clean. The ocean was clear, warm, and calm when we were there. It was great to have the hammocks by the beach!The only area that needs work is the pool area. We saw cigarrette butts and what looked like floating oil in the pools, and the pool bathrooms were dirty. We don't know if this was how the pool area usually looks, or we happened to be there on a day when things were off. It didn't seem to match the level of cleanliness and care, in the rest of the hotel.Other than that, we truly enjoyed our stay, and would recommend this property.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>luv2trvl07
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon!       View from our room (rm 625)  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GOD-BLESSED
<Content>A little bit of heaven in Isla Verde...       Stores Near The Hotel, Across From The Intercontinental  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NENASABIA
<Content>Enjoyed This Hotel The best thing that I enjoyed about this hotel, was the view from my private balcony, in my room. It was a view of the Isla Verde Beach.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>cocoanellie
<Content>Felt like royalty, Much better than I expected - Thanks Alfredo!!! I was looking for a reasonable hotel that was family friendly as I was traveling with a 4 month old and a 19 month old. After doing my research and reading reviews I settled on this hotel. I paid $160 a night for an ocean view room on the hotels website. At the time I booked my room I could not get the two queen beds, cribs or early check-in confirmed for me. Since we had the kids all these things were really important to me. After referencing the posted reviews I got Alfredo's (Assistant General Manager) email address (aarroyo@sjcourtyard.com) and sent him an email. He responded to me very quickly and confirmed that all my requests granted upon my arrival.When we arrived the doorman was very helpful and took our luggage right away. After a short wait the front desk clerk was very polite and quickly got our keys to us. She gave us a quick rundown of all the dining and we were on or way to our room. Once we got to our room I was blown away by the most magnificent view of the ocean. It was truly unbelievable to me and I have seen many of ocean views. There were water, fruits, cookies and chocolates waiting for us which were a nice touch since we had only eaten airplane food. We knew coming into it that room service would be limited to breakfast so we weren't at all annoyed by the lack of that. As for the food in the hotel we didn't eat any of it as there were just too many local inexpensive Puerto Rican restaurants that we were told about beforehand. They do make a pretty good mojito in the bar and on Thursday nights they have free salsa lessons which were awesome. The thing I liked most about the hotel was that they provided babysitting services. We had a very nice nanny come to our room and watch our kids all three nights we were there. We waited until late so they were both sleep when she came except one night. My son would not go to sleep and when she came he was still awake. He was fine when we left but I forgot my id and had to go back to the room. I snuck in so he wouldn't get upset and got a chance to observe her with him without her knowing I was there. She was very sweet, kind and patient with him. I was very happy with her car for my children. The airport is near by but the noise didn't bother me. They stop landing at a certain hour and it never woke me up in the morning. They do have a casino but we prefer poker and their table was empty so we walked two blocks to the Ritz Carlton and gambled there. Overall it was a very good experience and I would definitely stay there again. Thanks again Alfredo!Shanelle  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pr237
<Content>Disappointing I was very disappointed by my stay here. First of all, there is no room service in the hotel. The restaurants in the hotel are of poor quality, with little in the way of variety or healthy eating options. The hotel charges you for a beach chair or umbrella, which I felt was ridiculous for a beach resort. The bathroom near the pool area was never clean, to the point that I went back into the hotel rather than use it. Nor was the bathroom in the lobby especially clean. The concierge was very unhelpful, and seemed put off by being asked questions. Our room was fine, nothing special. However, it felt a little old. For example, the bathroom was outdated and the tiles were stained with age. Overall the whole place felt a little trashy. I would definitely not stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	2	2	

<Author>ccumomsc
<Content>Wonderful place! We stayed here for a few days before departing on a cruise. The hotel and amenities are great! Nice restaurants, nice pool  beach, good workout facility VERY FRIENDLY STAFF! Mr. Arroyo and his staff did everything possible to make us feel like we were the most important guests there. Carlos the bartender was very nice and Rose in the Salsa Restaurant went out of her way to make our dining experience one to remember. Bananas Ice Cream shop has great salads and sandwiches if you are looking for something lighter than a full meal. Our oceanfront room was spacious and clean. Some reviews did say that the proximity to the airport was a problem with noise. There were a lot of planes during the day but at night we didn't notice anything from our room. We will definitely stay there again when we return to San Juan.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LadyBug04
<Content>Great Great Hotel, everything was avaliable in just one place: breakfast, lunch, dinner, bar, music, casino, pool, beach, in-store, etc.. The room was very comfortable and pleasant and was attended readily and quick by the maids each morning.A little above price but we had a very good time. We even got to watch two wonderful weddings in the garden by the pool during the weekend. The airport was near and so we could watch airplanes departing and airplanes arriving.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kellir
<Content>Nice beach but noisy The hotel is dated but clean. The staff was fine. Restaurants in the hotel are mediocre but it is fun to watch locals dance in the Salsa bar in the evenings. The beach is better than we experienced at The Intercontinental or El San Juan up the road. However, this hotel is very close to the airport and every twenty to thirty minutes you hear one of the jets take off from the airport. You don't really hear the jets from inside the hotel but definitely while on the beach. Not many restaurants within walking distance and it is a $20-30 cab ride to Old San Juan.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>zoesah
<Content>Beautiful location       Pinones  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>TLGT
<Content>Could be better This hotel is best suited for a short stay or overnight stop. Having traveled extensively within the Marriott brand, this hotel falls short of expectations. Would not recommend this hotel for a family vacation or long stay. On the positive side, the hotel does have a nice selection of restaurants, bars and buffets, though they are a little on the expensive side. The hotel itself is updated with nice furnishings and large LCD televisions. Airport noise was not a disturbance inside the hotel, it is well insulated. On the negative side, this hotel is not the cleanest Marriott in which I've stayed, but it is not the worst either. The beds and pillows were quite uncomfortable and during the week the hotel began some renovations of the pool area and casino. Nearly all slot machines were closed (they left five 1 cent slots, but cleverly--and to my disappointment--left all the high roller slots. The beach service was very good, but be advised that they have only a handful of umbrellas for guests. On the weekends it can become a fight for the umbrella--leave your chairs and someone takes them--I even saw someone run over and pull am umbrella out of the sand when a couple got up to walk. This was irritating. Staff service was also not up to expectations, especially for an elite member. Also note sand fleas are active at dawn and dusk. While signs in the room indicate the hotel will provide insect repellant, we found this difficult to obtain. The front desk looked at us like we were crazy when we asked for it and then told us they did not have any and to try again later. The jet traffic also effectively ruins the pleasant beach experience, which is very active during certain times of the day. In summary, would not stay at this particular hotel again.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	4	

<Author>kcoombs1209
<Content>Good stop over spot       Isla Verde  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>JohnGuyD
<Content>Great Hotel If You Want to Be by the Airport If you want to be close to the airport ( 5 minutes), this is a great place. Its right on a great beach, has local restaurants close by and live music (mostly salsa) in the bar most nights. The obvious downside is the noise from the aiport which didn't seem like much of a problem to me.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sueq575
<Content>Good base to explore!       The hotel beach  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>peaceandblessings
<Content>Not the Wow Factor I Expected!!! Remember this my story and my expreiences. Let me start by stating the positive. The staff was friendly, polite, and accomedating. Like the fact that the hotel is right on the beach. The Lobby was nice and inviting. However, I didn't sleep in the lobby. Loved the hammocks. The pool area was kept clean when guest would leave their trash, towels or chair lounged back, the staff was readily available to get the area clean and organized. My kids loved the swimming pool wanted to stay all day. The pool wasn't terribly dirty just not as clean as it could have been. Visited the pool everyday. Hotel kid friendly just not any planned activities for them just a small game room. And if there were any actitivies wasn't informed. The pool grill food was good. Also the hotel offered complimentary bug repellant for the outdoor activities. By the way which you will need (no see um bugs), I was so sure I had got biten by bed bugs not sure which one it was. I questioned wether it was Bed Bugs because I was really disappointed with house keeping. Be aware my room wasn't vaccumed, balthroom floor or mirror washed, nor did they change the sheets my entire stay of 5 days. The outside of the bathtub stayed dirty that enitre time as well. Had to keep requesting extra towels and wash clothes to accomedate the amount of people in the room. I felt once they knew how many were in the room we shouldn't have had to ask anymore. The word suite was used in describing the rooms however, my experiences of a suite were bedroom with a seperate sitting area or room. Not the case with my room. I found it to be extremely small. It was considered a full ocean view room although we could see the ocean it just wasn't as enchanting as the price should have make it . Honestly, for the price it was just and average room. Like another review read I would have expected more for the price. The room wasn't nasty but it just wasn't fresh if you know what I mean. On the first night/day the airplane noise is very annoying but after a while it's a non issue. Was also disappointed when my husband told one of The Sierra Restaurant employees that it was my birthday, they didn't even send out a complimentary dessert or anything. Last but not least our last day we ate for the 3rd time at the breakfast buffet. To be fair the other 2 times were ok but this last time my husband poured out a fly with his coffee from the coffee pot, the french toast was cold and the sausage was not throughly cooked. The staff did compensate for the inconvenience. Not saying I would not stay at the Marriott again. It just won't be my first choice.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	1	4	2	3	

<Author>KK66
<Content>A Simply Perfect Vacation!!! My boyfriend and I just returned from a five day stay at the Marriott and we cannot wait to go back. Our suite overlooked the ocean and it a magnificent view when you awaken in the morning--. (Highly recommend room 927!!) I had the pleasure of meeting one of the managers, 脜lfredo Arroyo when we checked in, as I had been exchanging emails over the previous weeks prior to our arrival (Thank you so much Mr Arroyo!). We had a fruit platter waiting in our room with a card welcoming us home!. He could not have been nicer. We received a follow up message on our phone from another front desk manager just making sure that things were the way we wanted. The bed was so comfortable. The temperature in the room was perfect. We received the absolute best service from everyone at the hotel, from Maribel and Moraima at the front desk, to Axel and Jennifer at the swim up pool bar. Rafael greeted us each morning when we went to the beach or pool and set up our chairs and towels. While the other major hotels on La Isla Verde may appear more glamorous --I think for a true Puerto Rico experience, a warm and welcoming atmosphere, and truly relaxing vacation--look no further than the Courtyard.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kimcheer10
<Content>Great vacation!!       view from the elevator room (not ours!)  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Roadwarriorrelaxing
<Content>A relaxing and fun hotel for a May trip       the other view  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hank52
<Content>Nice hotel; enjoyable stay overall       Room 815  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BostonRozy
<Content>Nice but noisy My girlfriend and i stayed at the Marriott Isla Verde in Puerto Rico for a week April 1th-7th. We needed peace and quiet near the beach and close to local shops/restaurants. We got two out of three. I wished I knew that the Marriott hotel was next to the airport. We could hear planes all day long. We had a beach view with a small balcony, but keep the door closed to cut down on the noise. We went to the beach daily, but it was a distracting to hear the bigger planes take off constantly.The room was nice and so was the hotel and restaurant, we will definately return to PR, but we won't stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vacationerny2008
<Content>just so-so A decent place, but very boring for a family with a teen-aged child. No activities at all. Staff did not do anything to create a fun atmosphere. Casino, lobby, and restaurants all small and dull. Room was nice, maid was good and hard working. Surf was rough. Had elevator problems. Beach was filfthy. Jet noise wasn't a day at the beach. Just an OK place, that's it.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>abc31
<Content>Nice place for a quick getaway I booked this hotel through my vacation club (Royal Holiday). I went for a quick 4 night getaway. I left the kids and my husband at home and went with my girlfriend just to relax. It was perfect for out purposes. It was close to the airport and on a beautiful beach.The room was a little on the small side, but nicely decorated. It would have felt a little cramped with more than 2 people, but it was fine for the two of us. We had a room with 2 queen beds. I guess a king room would leave more area to walk around or sit. Our view was a mixed bag. We had a partial view of the ocean, which was hindered by a view a roof with, what I think were air conditioner compressors. The noise from the airplanes was definetly audible, but we were not bothered by them. However, on Saturday night, I could hear a band playing in my room (320) until 3:00 am.. I know there was a party in the hotel that night, so that may have been unusual.The public areas of the hotel were very nice. It was open and airy looking. The pool area was beautiful. There were plenty of lounge chairs. The beach was beautiful too, but when we were there it was so windy, we couldn't sit there, because the sand was blowing all over the place. The workers by the pool and beach were very helpful and friendly. In general, all of the employees were.We ate at Salsa Restaurant in the hotel one night and it was delicioius. I still can't stop thinking about their Plantain Soup! We tried Metropol nearby and didn't think it lived up to its wonderful reviews. Lupi's Mexican Grill was very good, also in walking distance. Other than that, there is not much near the hotel. All in All, the hotel was perfect for what we wanted. I would not stay here more than a few days, because there isn't much to do. But all we wanted to do is relax and this was the perfect place to do it.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>NycCarmenSanDiego
<Content>Nice small hotel, far from everything       Isla Verde Beach  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>RNY
<Content>Location is Key The location of this hotel between the beach and the airport runway and the location of rooms in relation to those two are key to enjoying a room here. Our first night we were in a low, even numbered room (lower numbers are closest to the front of the hotel, the busy main road, and the airport runway). The advantage to even numbered rooms is that they look down the beautiful empty beach to the east. The disadvantage to them, beyond being near the road and runway, is they overlook the roof of the casino with its vent fan noise. You can see the surf but you can't hear it. It sounds like any downtown hotel. To make the rooms quiet the hotel has provided double glass doors to the balconies and they are very effective. But when we have a balcony overlooking a beautiful beach we want to be on it when we're in the room. Not possible here. When a jet lands or takes off all conversation stops and you can feel the sound waves reverberate through your body. Someone in an earlier posting said the airport was a non-issue because of so few jets but we must have been there on a busy week because we heard lots. Our second morning we upgraded to an oceanfront room (for $75. per day extra). The noise problem was solved. It was amazing how quiet the ocean front rooms were with only the sound of the surf. The beach views to the east and west were lovely. As many others have said, we found the hotel staff very helpful. We didn't receive any extra trays of fruit or goodies like others did but perhaps that's because our basic room was a Marriott rewards certificate and we were just paying for the upgrade. The front desk staff were very helpful with any questions we had as were the concierge and the bellman. The concierge set up a trip for us to El Yunque and our guide Robert was extremely informative about the rain forest, the history of the island, current political and cultural issues and events, and anything else our group of about ten could think to ask him. We'd request him again if we visit the hotel in the future.The concierge also recommended a supermarket to us our first afternoon so we could stock the room refrigerator. There is a local chain called Pueblo an easy five to ten minute walk from the hotel. Having some of our own drinks and snacks saved a few dollars since food is quite expensive. While we were there the government announced the price of milk was going up to over $5.00 a gallon!!! Everything isn't that expensive but it does reflect the high costs of food in the supermarkets and in restaurants. The main attraction for many people are the casinos in the hotels. It seems to be a law that only hotels can operate casinos so that brings in lots of business. We never went into the casino so found the beaches pretty empty most of the time. We ate dinner our first night at the hotel's oceanfront restaurant Sirena. There were only two or three tables with guests. The service was quite slow but the waitress and other staff were pleasant and of course the view of the ocean on the patio made any wait enjoyable. The food was surprisingly good. If you like ice cream there is a diner just past the Ritz., I can't remember the name, but I think it's on the corner of the road after the Ritz. It's before you get to Lupi's. You'll recognize it because you'll be able to look inside and see two large cases filled with lots of gelato flavors. It seems to be run by a young couple from the U.S. They are very nice and let you taste before making a choice. We had almond, banana, and pineapple. They even had small pieces of almonds and pineapple in them. The flavors are very intense and delicious. It's worth the walk. If we had discovered it earlier in our visit we would have been there several nights. I agree with a previous comment that the taxi drivers are not chatty. Their quiet was okay with us. Because of the location of the hotel about a half hour from Old San Juan it is necessary to find some transportation. We took the public bus back and forth on the two days we went in. It cost $.75 each way. The bus stop is a little way past the Ritz in front of Denny's. You have to have exact change. The ride ends at the bus terminal in Old San Juan next to the cruise ship piers and a few steps from the cobblestone streets of the historic city. We felt safe riding the bus during the day and even in the early evening after dinner. The buses were clean and the drivers helpful when we were first timers and didn't know the routine. For future trips to Puerto Rico I think we might stay right in Old San Juan for a couple days so we'd be able to spend all our time in the historic center and then move to a beach/golf resort in another part of the island. After visiting San Juan we spent two nights at the Copamarina Beach Resort in Guanica on the south side of the island and it was a quiet restful retreat from the activity of San Juan. Renting a car and getting away from the big city was a great way to see the beauty of the rest of the island. For a first visit to Puerto Rico, and especially being able to use a Marriott Reward certificate to do it, the Courtyard was a good choice but now that we've seen the possibilities that Puerto Rico has to offer I think we'd try a new experience next time.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Neworldman
<Content>Great plce to stay on holiday!       the lobby  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ragtiki1958
<Content>I just love this place so much we came back for a second visit Kudos to Alfredo and his staff! I decided to stay here post cruise after staying here the past September. The hotel is well kept and I liked the idea of staying on the beach and having a nice pool nearby where I could relax after a long week of cruising. On my last stay I also enjoyed hanging out at the beach with my binoculars and watch the planes from the nearby airport take off. Upon my arrival on Sunday was given a warm welcome by the front desk staff and the manager on duty whos name I can not recall came out to welcome me personally. We arrived a bit early after our cruise and before check in time but we allowed to check into our beautifull rooms.Later on in the afternoon upon returning to my room to prepare for my kayak excursion up in Farjado I noticed the staff had delivered a very tasty fruit platter. The food in the hotel is very good. After a very long walk on the beach the following morning I was extremely hungry and tried the breakfast buffet which offered any type of breakfast food you could imagine. I would recommend if you really enjoy a good breakfast.The hotel service that I experienced was top notch. Kudos to the front desk staff, the waiters and waitress in the buffet who work hard to make your meal enjoyable, Axel at the pool bar and the pool towel boys who will set up your chair with a towel on the beach. The bellhops were extremely friendly and allowed me to store my bags after checkout at noon on Monday and was allowed to use the beach and hotel facilities until leaving at 4:00 P.M. for my flight back to CT.Overall, I just love this resort and would recommend it to travelers wishing to stay close to the airport. Bob from CT.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>philtortorice
<Content>Unsurpassed Customer Service       Beautiful pool area (swim-up bar also).  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Deedaydreamer
<Content>Not that impressed. Could have been better. It wasn't the worst experience, nor the best. I would have to agree with another reviewer about the Kids Club issue. The hotel staff did not appear to know anything about it. Finally, I was directed to the Casino where they told us that the lady who ran the Kids Club had quit. Obviously, they could not have necessarily known this ahead of time but it would have been nice if they had a backup plan. Having brought a child, it was my number 1 requirement for picking this hotel and the fact that I am a loyal Marriott rewards member. We realized that my 9-year-old would not be interested in a lot of the sightseeing and activities we were so we had our heart set on him having a club for activities so we could do our thing too. Imagine our surprise..no kids club..Their alternative consisted of hiring a babysitter at $15 an hour for a minimum of 4 hours. No thanks. Just another way to charge outrageous fees. So, in turn, we did not get to experience a majority of things that we felt PR would have to offer. We were reduced to hanging out at the hotel with a not so great beach. The water in front of the hotel was disgusting and garbage had washed ashore..and I mean garbage, cans, bottles, old sunglasses. I shutter to think if anyone would walk on the beach barefooted and get a cut. I hate to sound like a whiner but another complaint was the service. It was so slow. I feel everyone did the bear minimum, yet I am sure expected a tip. One night we went down to eat at the cafe and they had one person working and the place was full. Most people did not even get served so they left. We are frequent visitors to Mexico and we'll take our dollars there. I do have to say also that the taxi drivers were not friendly at all. They never said one word to us..NONE of them and we used several. I would also have to agree that all charged different rates to the same places so that was wierd. Just very not friendly. My impression as a whole is that Puerto Rico just does not embrace tourism like Mexico does. We won't be returning to Puerto Rico. Mexico here we come.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	4	2	1	

<Author>vitDseeker
<Content>Fun in the Sun We (myself, my husband and 2 teenage sons) just spent 4 nights at the Courtyard during Spring break, March 26-30. I booked 2 rooms through marriott.com and then emailed Alfredo, the assistant general manager to request that the rooms be close to one another. Thank you Alfredo for the wonderfully located rooms. Breakfast and watching the sunset on the lanai was superb. We really enjoyed our stay at the Courtyard. The staff were all very kind and willing to help you, especially the guys on the beach. We basically spent our days on the beach sunning ourselves and boogie boarding (we brought our own). As for the comments from others about the airplane noise--I looked at it this way, those on the airplane were leaving and we were still on the beach! The noise did not bother us.In the evening our family would walk to the local restaurants and enjoy the local cuisine. After resting on the beach all day we needed a little exercise. On Saturday night we stayed at the hotel and enjoyed the buffet dinner at the Salsa Restaurant. We really enjoyed the roasted pig and other local foods. Overall we had a great 5 days/4 night vacation at the Courtyard and would not hesitate on returning again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sonata30
<Content>Relaxing but expensive This was my first trip to Puerto Rico and I enjoyed it thoroughly. I met up with some of my girlfriends for a relaxing time (to enjoy the beach, pool, and food) during the spring recess. The hotel, beach, pool, and restaurants were all clean and enjoyable. But, the restaurants were very expensive. Good, but expensive. No food or drink is affordable here. Also, no room service. At least it gave us something to talk about (expensive food that is). Also made a few calls to housekeeping since I was shorted on the towels etc but nobody ever came. Customer service doesn't seem to be their selling point. Maybe the staff is all too busy?  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>rkgood
<Content>Really Great Spot We just spent six nights at this hotel and had a completely fine time. Here are some of the positives:- extremely well run- friendly and accomodating staff; particularly concierge, wait staff, front desk- fun and free entertainment- clean and perfectly air conditioned room; fine housekeeping- fabulous beach, very good pools- attractive and well maintained grounds; wonderful sunsets!- great location near airport, bus line (we used the A5 into Old Town), rain forest, museums and attractions of San Juan and Old San Juan, nearby small towns.- fair 'hotel' prices in bars and restaurants, where the food could be very, very goodThere's a small casino we did not visit.I travel a great deal on business and pleasure and if you read my reviews on tripadvisor you know I hold no prisoners. So many American resorts are like our major airlines (e.g American, the one we flew down from Boston on): miserable customer service, lack of attention to detail, ripoff prices. So if I had a beef you would hear about it here! I simply do not. Of course, there are always little glitches, and here are a couple:- there must have been molasses in the wireless/ethernet system; communication was often at a turtle's pace, but they did offer wireless in rooms (!) and there was a nice business center to take up slack.; if you go try to use it off hours- service in the more expensive outdoor restaurant could be very slow, and one evening an appetizer was forgotten (quickly made up by free wine), though we thought the food extremely good. In the indoor restaurant service was over the top friendly (at one point we had female staff fighting over who was helping us the most!) and, happily, they had a standard menu, not buffet every night.The airplane noise issue was there, but it was something most folks just laughed off; my thought was that the hotel should provide a printout of departures so we could try to check on what plane was going where in the world. Our room was pretty well soundproofed. Some things we enjoyed particularly included the magnificent National Gallery and the Puerto Rican Museum of Art (with a wonderful garden and absolutely five star food). The former has a breathtaking lighting system to illuminate landscapes by Oller and other famous PR painters; just magnificent and maybe the highlight of our trip. We went to a a very good beach restaurant over at Pinones (Soliel), and enjoyed a free pickup and return., and Roberto, our tour guide to the rain forest was great; he imparted a tremendous amount of information on Puerto Rico and the gorgeous forest. The fact that the day the PR governor and some buddies were arrested by the feds for corruption led to some wonderful background political info and constant updates on 'breaking news'. Oh, if you do travel American AIrlines avoid the bar-restaurant near gate 7. Ultimately you will have to choose between your flight and food; just about the worst service we've ever had anywhere and for crying out loud they are in an airport!So to sum up, our first trip to Puerto Rico was very enjoyable and it was made better by one of the best resorts of its kind we have ever visited; as a regular Marriott user I was very pleased because some Courtyards can be pretty scruffy. This place is clean, efficient, friendly, well-located, fairly priced and not pretentious. I suspect we'll go back!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TimAsterisk4
<Content>Some Nice Features ... Service Bad My family of four (including two boys, 9 and 10) stayed for six nights. The hotel itself is close to attractions as we visited Old San Juan, Art Museum, and Botanical Gardens ... along with relaxing at the hotel. The restaurants are pretty good and allow you to sample some Puerto Rican cuisine. We had a beach front room so sitting out on the balcony was a favourite pastime. Both the beach and pool areas are nice as well. The rooms are nice and clean. Now to the bad! I made a pre-arrival request that was acknowledged by the hotel, but wasn't done when I arrived. At the time of booking, the hotel and their website will tell you about a Kids Club. But once at the hotel we had a hard time finding anyone that knew anything about it (including the concierge). When we did find someone, at the casino, we found out that the Kids Club is only on weekends ... and only some weekends ... and wasn't operating the weekend we were there. Too bad they weren't truthful about this beforehand as that was one criteria we had for choosing our our hotel. The housekeeping is unacceptable. On many days we left the hotel by 8am ... put out the sign to indicate we wanted the room cleaned ... and arrived back at 5pm to find the room still untouched. When I went to the front desk to request an earlier housekeeping time the person was very rude and acted like I was nuts for thinking housekeeping could be done before 5pm. Frankly, the physical hotel itself is OK with a good location on the beach ... the service is terrible. I'd advise a stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Lecarrow
<Content>Three Nights at the Marriott Isla Verde San Juan Our visit to the Marriott Courtyard Isla Verde came at the end of a twelve day vacation in Puerto Rico. Our stay was Saturday, March 22nd to Tuesday, March 25th. It was strange that weekend vs. weekday it seemed like two entirely different resorts. Saturday and Sunday the hotel was extremely busy with a very mixed clientele. Many people in just for the Easter weekend at the Casino and the bars. I can't say I was a fan, too many people drinking in the pool and the hot tubs, extremely loud disco music at the pool, kids waiting at tables in the lobby for their parents in the casino, women at breakfast in the restaurant with curlers in their hair - overall a little too trashy a scene for me. Sunday evening and Monday morning it changed dramatically and became a much nicer vacation type hotel. The beach was nice, however the pool was a little small and in the shade most of the day. My twenty year old son took me down to the casino (I had never been to a casino before) and I found it pretty entertaining-he won $100. quickly at blackjack (on an initial $25 investment). The room was a nice typical business hotel room. Nicely decorated with clean and relatively new furniture and free internet in the room. We were on the third floor (room 322) with a nice view of the ocean over the roof. The breakfast buffet was good and reasonably priced ($13.95). We didn't try the restaurants for other meals. The people at the front desk were nice and helpful. Our express check out was wrong and when I went to check out the computers were down. Maribel assured me that she would take care of it and email me a revised bill. When I arrived home in Boston sure enough the corrected receipt was in my email. The hotel is very close to the airport, virtually on the runway and the takeoffs were very loud out by the pool. The noise from the airport wasn't noticable in the room since the patio doors were double doored (I have never seen that before). Surprisingly the cab to the hotel from the airport was $10. and our cab rides were all over the place in terms of price. Forget about the meters or the posted rates, cabdrivers would set their own price and there seemed to be money changing hands between cabdrivers and bellmen at the hotel. As example the first night we asked for a cab to the Intercontinental (about 4 blocks) and the fare was $10., the next night we went to the El San Juan Hotel (also about 4 blocks) and the fare was $8. the next night we went to the Embassy Suites Hotel and the fare was $10 but the return fare was $7, finally our fare to the airport (3 people, less than 1 1/2 miles) was $16. The only part of this that reflected back on the hotel was seeing $$$ pass hands between the cabdriver and the bellman. The best part of the visit was that the room was free with my Marriott rewards points. In summary, nice place,nice beach, reasonable price, nice room, nice people. I would go back but I would be very careful not to go on a weekend again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>pinhillpam
<Content>Very Accomodating Staff Basic oceanfront nice accomodations close to the airport, and cruise terminal. Rooms have recently been updated. Same beach as the Ritz.. There is jet noise. Staff is nice and accomodating.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Brugo
<Content>Could not be better Cannot say enough good things about this place. If you are looking for a great bar scene and lots of action, people crowded next to each other at the beach then go elsewhere. If you are looking for great views with fewer people on the beach and an outstanding staff then this is the place. We were there for 3 days Presidents week. The staff were all so helpful. You certainly hear the planes but I think most reviewers agree that this is not a huge issue. I made the reservation via the central Marriott reservation system so they did not have much information about the resort, the room etc. I emailed the asst manager and he was fantastic in terms of helping us get a room with a great view. Eating dinner on the beach was a special treat. I would go back to this Marriott without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JERSEYGROWN
<Content>A Nice Place To Stay. Good Value Recently spent 5nights at the Marriot Courtyard Isla Verde.while attending a convention /meeting at the Ritz CarltonHotel next door. I should prefice again, my major reason forchoosing the Marriott was its proximity to the Ritz Carltonwhere I knew I had to go each day at 7:30AM for meetings.Frankly, I couln't stomach the $475+ per night conference ratewhich my group was given for the Feb high season. So my$240/night rate saved me about $200 a night. I was very pleasedhowever, with this resort which is on the same beach/as theRitz Carlton/Hoel Casino a brief 3 minute walk down a commonsidewalk. As in typical Marriott fashion my room king/sizefaced the ocean with a small balcony with wrought iron tableand 2 seats. This was an upgrade which they offered me atno additional charge when I checked in. Maybe because Iam a Marriott Rewards/timeshare owner. The room wa perfectfor business with a small refrig (free daily water bottles),free internet hook up, large flat screen TV with cable, pull outsofa/bed couch with chairs in room. Daily room service withdaily replenishing of toiletries., small coffee pot/ with Puerto Rican Cofee, and Herbal Tea bags in bathroom. I had a complimentary Rum drink at the bar. I did not eat at the restaurant as I usually like to try local ethnic food/restaurants when I travel. There was an Ice Cream Parlor on site whichmany of the kids seemed to enjoy. Never went to the casino,beach was nice with hammocks, pool with swim up bar, quietlocation. I could walk down the beach from the Ritz Carltonto the Marriott, again same beach front property. Of coursethe Ritz Cartlon is very delux with beautifull grounds, pool,never ate there other than in conjunction with conference,and would be a fabulous place to stay for a special occassionor if money is no object, but the Marriott more than met myneeds. I ate twice for lunch and dinner at a a localCuban Restaurant Metropol , a short walk, down the road,and across the street ( take care crossing what is a busyroad to get to the restaurant). I thought the food was excellentand a great price/value. For dinner one night had Fresh Snapper,with Cuban Beans/rice, plantain, flan, Virgin Pina Colada, freshgarlic bread, with tip came to about $25.00. Excellent servicelocal Puerto Rican/Cuban Food. Do'nt be afraid to takethe A5 bus which stops nearby for $0.75 cents one waytakes you into the bus terminal in OldSan Juan where you canget off and take the free Trolley around or walk the streetsto El Moro and other sites. The bus will take you through the local areas of Isla Verde, Condadda, etc and you will seewhere the local people live. The bus seems to run aboutevery 15-20 minutes until maybe 8-9:00pm at night. I tookduring the day and may once at about 7:00PM back to hotel.You will travel with the local people but there were other non-natives like myself on the bus. A cab will cost you about $20.00one way, and you can alway's find someone who speaks English, so you can save some money with the bus.My only comment about the Isla Verde Courtyard Marriott,Ritz Carlton is that you will feel like and you are very closeto the Airpot. I would have to disagree with others thatthe location is noisey, and although I couln't see the planes1 or 2 nights I felt like a plane was either landing or takingoff in my room. The flights seem to stop about midnight. soif you are there strictly for vacation/leisure you might wantto look around for a quieter location. Feb is a great timeto go, weather in the 80/s, very low humidity, ocean watercomfortable, nice evening breeze, loads of sun and littlerain, brief sec shower here or there at most, .  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cocolococanuck
<Content>Good place to stay       View of the hotel  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>dkona
<Content>Mixed feelings After a 10 hour flight to San Juan, we arrived at the Courtyard by Marriott Isla Verde, a hotel highly recommended by many Tripadvisor readers. A short unspectacular driveway from the street to the hotel and a reception area that is overwhelmed by adjacent casino activities did not provide an initial wow factor, and we immediately questioned ourselves whether the long journey was worthwhile. (It also made us think twice about tripadvisor comments). The spacious room and comfortable bed compensated our feelings. However the carpet was very damp and the room air much more humid than at other Caribbean hotels we stayed. (We asked about the carpet situation the following day, but did not receive a response). Daylight revealed a nice beach, however the water was more of a surfer's delight. The pool and surrounding garden area were unspectacular.  Overall our positive feelings about the hotel are:-The room was a good size, clean and with a comfortable bed (although feather/down pillows were scarce).-The staff members are excellent- friendly, and helpful.-The night music is great- the place really swings during weekends with locals who dance fantastic.-The breakfast buffet was good and reasonably priced (for San Juan). Our negatives were:-The reception area and outside grounds are not to par of other Caribbean hotels in the same price range. They looked tired. The feeling of being on vacation was diminished.-The casino appears to be the main focus of the hotel. -The airport runway is very close to the hotel (the takeoffsstart at a runway parallel to the hotel about 300 meters away). The hotel has tried to quench the noise, although it is not entirely successful (our room faced the ocean not the runway).-Isla Verde is quite far from areas of interest such as Old Juan (a $20 20-minute cab ride) or any shopping area. The few restaurants near the hotel were several blocks away. Stores (clothing, art, etc) are not near the hotel. -The supper cafe is squeezed in a small paved area between the beach and the hotel. The supper prices are a bit outrageous even for San Juan. -There should be more information about local activities, such as placement in the rooms of booklets such as Places to Go- your passport to San Juan and Que Pasa rather than by-chance enounter at the conciege desk. Copies of the local newspaper were scarce (even at the hotel store).If we had to do it again we would look for a place at the Condado area where there is more activiity and proximity to places of interest- the total cost of the Marriott at Condado would have been the same, given that the latter offered one night free following 4 nights occupancy.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	4	

<Author>NewYorkIlt
<Content>Highly recommend This hotel was fabulous! The service was excellent, as was the location. It's located on the end of the strip and wasn't very busy. People had told us that it's located VERY near the airport and it was noisy. We thought that seeing planes landing and taking off was very cool. We couldn't hear it at night, with our door closed but it was definitely audible during the day. But our experience was so wonderful that this factor didn't affect us at all.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>BlueMarlinDave
<Content>Great Value, Great Music but Air Traffic Noise a Problem       Picante Bar  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	5	3	

<Author>sunitharay
<Content>Best bang for the buck This was an awesome resort / hotel and one of the best customer service I have experienced! The property is right on the beach - with a great pool and spa tub. The part of the ocean near the property is quite shallow and gets great waves. The restaurants are great with excellent food (though a little pricey). The buffets are great. Cons are: The casino could do with some increased square footage and bigger stakes - but good nevertheless. Taxes and fees are high - but that's typical of Puerto Rico I guess. On the differentiated side, the staff is unbelievable! so courteous and always ready to chat you up - the managers at the restaurants visit each table to ask if the food is alright - one of hte times, the manager actually brought me some new dish to try! Every night the whole hotel livens up with music. It's also very family friendly. The concierge services are great as well. On the whole, it's a great place to stay and one of my best experiences!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zamku
<Content>Great Place We read many reviews of many hotels in this area. And based on previous reviews on this site, we choose this hotel. I think it was a great value for the money. Yes, the food is overpiriced at the hotel; we had prepared ourselves for this before we went. But we went out  explored local restaurants (also pricey). Beach was nice. Hotel provides clean towel everyday if needed. We booked outings everyday through the hotel  were very satisfied w/ this. On one outing, the concierge had forgotten to confirm our reservations w/ the company  the hotel called the company which held the catamaran up  paid a taxi to get us there. We would stay there again, no probelm. The staff was friendly  the hotel was clean.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>greatscott2
<Content>BEST of The BEST!       Hammock @ the beach  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OhioGirl7
<Content>Great Hotel       looking at hotel from the beach  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>varipaul
<Content>Great management saved my opinion! We reserved a room at the Marriott for our last two nights of vacation in Puerto Rico, after spending several days at Luquillo and Isla de Vieques. I specifically booked the hotel because of its location on the beach and the great pool, plus its vicinity to the airport and Old San Juan. We arrived at the hotel about 8pm after taking the ferry from Vieques and stopping for dinner in Luquillo.When we got to the hotel, we checked in and went to our room and then we went to the pool as we were hot and looking forward to a swim. When we got outside, half the pool was completely drained and the other half was 3/4 full, cloudy and tagged as closed. When we went back in and inquired at the desk, who had not said anything when we checked in nor when we made the reservation, they said that half the pool was closed for maintenance (the side with the pool bar), but that the other half was usable. We went back outside to see if we were mistaken, but we again found the entire pool closed.My kids (ages 11 and 13) went in the toddler pool, and then we all tried to go in the hot tub but it was way too hot (and I am not easily turned away from a hot tub). I went back in to talk to a manager but was told I could talk to someone in the morning.We went to bed, not feeling great about our experience.I am an early riser, so I was downstairs at 6am. I was told that the manager would be there at 6:30, so I went and checked just to make sure that maintenance had not resolved the pool issue in the middle of the night (they had not). When the manager, Ingrid, arrived at 6:30, I spoke to her about our dissatisfaction and that we specifically chose the hotel to relax by both the pool and the ocean. Ingrid responded in the most positive manner, working hard to make sure that our needs were met. She listened carefully to my concerns, walked to the pool area with me, and asked for some time to investigate options for us. When my husband and kids woke at 8:30, I went back to meet with Ingrid. She had arranged for a complimentary room at a sister hotel, the Best Western, where we would have full use of their pool during the day and then stay at the Marriott at night. Unfortunately, this wasn't very appealing to us, as we really just wanted to stay at one place where all of our things were located rather than traveling between two locations. I told her I would really like to move to a different hotel that had both a beach and a pool.She then contacted the Marriott Solaris, but they did not have any rooms available. Next, she contacted the Ritz Carlton Isla Verde, and found us a pool side room for a reasonable rate that we could check into immediately. She refunded all charges for the two nights we planned to stay at the Marriott and was very apologetic for our disappointing experience.We were all checked in at the Ritz by 10:30 am, and, thanks to Ingrid's efforts, our final night in Puerto Rico was great. Had the pool been operational, the Marriott would have been a great place to stay and a great value. The bar area was lively, with latin dance lessons going on. The pool with the pool bar looked very appealing, and the beach is very nice for San Juan. There is also a sand volleyball court on the beach and a large wooden playset for younger kids (see pics below)I did notice that the noise from the airport is much more evident at the Marriott than it was from the Ritz, but that might be because we had a balcony at the Marriott and we did not at the Ritz.Overall, I would recommend this hotel -- I don't think you could find management that worked harder to make sure we were satisfied. Just ask if the pool (or fitness room, or anything else that is important to you) is operational before you make your reservation!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>rayaberry
<Content>Didnt live up to the Marriot brand. I just returned from my stay in San Juan Puerto Rico, at the Courtyard Marriot on Isla Verde. I have to say that I was disappointed with the service. The first night we arrived, we noticedthat the floor mat in the bathroom was wet and we could not figure out where the water came from. Also, the bathroom was not very clean and was a little moldy. We then noticed a watermark on the wall. Whenwe called the frontdesk to tell them there was a leak, they said theywould get back to us. We heard nothing back. The next morning we called again. The front desk said they would look into getting us another room. They said they would call us back. We went out for about 6-7 hours and heard nothing from them. When we came back to theroom, the whole bathroom floor was wet and water was leaking from theceiling. We called the front desk for a third time and finally they relocated us and told us a pipe was broken. The new room was better but I was very upset that they took so long to accomodate us. The dinner buffet downstairs was about 23 dollars and the food was reallynot impressive and a little dry. But the ice cream bar was excellent and the mojitos at the dar were great! I enjoyed the live band downstairs. The service, however, spoiled my stay. In addition, the concierge seemed to have no idea how to direct us to basic places in San Juan. I would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>mimart
<Content>A real value among beachfront Isla Verde resort hotels! My wife and I just returned to Houston from a wonderful stay at the Courtyard Isla Verde Resort in Puerto Rico. It was our first trip to Puerto Rico and our first experience with the hotel. We were not disappointed. The positive reviews of the property on this website from previous guests were right on the money.The staff were professional, accommodating and just downright friendly. We were made to feel like valued guests. The first night at the hotel we had dinner in the Salsa restaurant. Our hostess, Ruby, remembered our names from that point on. She stopped by our table two nights later while we were in the lounge and greeted us by name. It may seem like a little thing, but it made us feel special. The lounge showcased live high-energy Latin music every night from a variety of bands and most nights the dancefloor was hopping. The last night there, a Monday, a trio of balladeers entertained on acoustic guitars with percussion accompaniment. This was a nice change of pace from the frenetic dance music of the previous nights.The casino was buzzing all the times I was there and although I didn't win any money, I had fun with what little dinero I was willing to let go of. Note: It is illegal to serve alcohol in a casino in Puerto Rico. You may bring your drink inside as long as it's in a plastic cup.The beach was beautiful and very clean. The sea lapping against the shore was a soothing balm for the senses. The water was a sparkling aquamarine hue just like in the Caribbean travel brochures. My wife spent most of her days there and commented to me that she felt completely safe there by herself. I was impressed with the professonalism and friendliness of Elizabeth and Amy, the two desk clerks who handled my reservation inquiries. Amy went above and beyond in assuring me that she would block a room to my liking, although it is not hotel policy to reserve a particular room for guests in advance. The room we were booked into was exactly as I had requested. We were in Rm. 722 which is the closest non-smoking ocean view room to the beach on that floor. The rooms facing fully the beach are considered ocean front and are premium priced. Our room afforded a very good angled view of the beach and the sea, as well as the palm-studded pool area, which was particularly attractive at night. The bed was the most comfortable that I have ever slept in in a hotel. There were plenty of pillows and plenty of room. I can't say enough about the bed.And last but not least, the service was great. We called the front desk twice during our stay. Once, to ask for more in-room tea bags and once for more of the excellent in-room coffee. Both times, an employee arrived at our room in less than 5 minutes with more than what we asked for.Now, I do have a few comments about what I didn't like:(1) Although, there are 5 restaurants at the resort, the menu in 3 of them, except for the salad option, is akin to fast-food (sandwiches, hot dogs, chicken fingers, etc.). Also, of the five, only the three fast-food types are open for lunch: Picante (lounge), Playa Grill (swimming pool) and Banana (deli). (2) Although as a guest you are paying for the amenities of a resort in your room rate, the hotel management charges you extra to use their chaise lounge chairs for the beach.(3) Granted, I've never stayed at a resort before and my opinion on this next subject might be uninformed, but I felt the charge for the Salsa restaurant buffet was excessive. The restaurant offers a breakfast and dinner buffet at $12.95 and $21.95, respectively. The choices at both are abundant, but at the times I dined there the quality of the offerings were only slightly above average.Overall, though, we were well pleased with our experience at this hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dantemiami
<Content>Nice little hotel. I was a little hesitant to book this hotel, since my previous experiences with Courtyard has not been great; not at this Courtyard. The hotel is in tip top shape, everybody was attentive and friendly. Beach is beautiful, even though a little rough (watch your kids), and the pool was nice and clean. Food is kind of expensive but good and plenty of choices for kids. At our arrival we were met and escorted to our room by Mr. Aroyo and he kindly explained hotel amenities and local attractions. We were very impressed with the level of service at this little hotel!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>annie_10_pr
<Content>Amazing stay, superb staff We stayed there from Sept 27-29 and words just cannot express how fantastic everything and everyone there is. From the warm greeting we got at the front desk to the wonderful bartender at the pool. We were celebrating my girlfriend's birthday and also a quick honeymoon.  The pool was great, the bartender Axel was very very nice and attentive with us. We told him we were celebrating a birthday and he gave my gf a free drink in her honor.... His mojito is WONDERFUL !!! And we also tried their burgers and wrap and they were really good and not expensive at all.  Overall, I would definetely stay there again. Their pool was just the best and the beach is not bad at all... I like the beach at The Ritz Carlton better...I plan to visit again in Nov.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robboh24
<Content>Outstanding Hotel !!!!! We have just returned from our vacation at the court yard marriott in san juan Puerto Rico as we entered the hotel at check in the top notch service began. The staff and management greeted us at the front desk making us feel great and they were wainting for us to arrive. The room was so nice i didnt want to leave it. The bed was so soft and you sleep very well.The food was excellent,everything you need is within in a few steps away from you this hotel is clean and well put together. Throught the entire stay at the courtyard the management team greeted us with a handshake asking if we needed anything, they called the room checking up on us. I have stayed at many resorts and I am a world traveler and I'd have to say this was the best hotel I have ever stayed at - I do recommend this as the best hotel out of the thousands of hotels i have been to. By far the service ,food, management and staff were nothing less than stella. i hope you read this review and decide that this is the hotel for you , you will not be disapointed with you stay.Rob and AngelaA+++++++  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ellyaponte
<Content>Fantastic Labor Day Weekend at a great resort       old san juan  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>mecaNewYork
<Content>Hats Off!!!!! Hats off, to this hotel. This was my second visit to this hotel, thistime I brought a critic and not always easy to get along companion - My Mother and sister. Any hotel that treats one's 76yr old Mom with a walker with such genuine care and personal attention, you can't help but love the personnel. At the coffee shop and pool area, they sensed exactly how much and what kind of attention my Mom needed, so they were unusually attentive. The omelet maker in breakfast room waspersonable, warm; overall the food was good as long as you can wait about 10 min for an omelet. Everyone provide the kind of loving attention you'd expect from your kindest relative. None of the employees have the corporate, enforced smiley friendliness. Hotel has a very good location; there are good restaurants, ice cream, and pizza parlors. Mr. Arollo handled all our needs with total tact, kindness and professionalism. If you ever visit this hotel make sure you meet this very helpful young man. Thank you.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>linanewjersey
<Content>A vacation i would love to forget! I think your rooms are very nice and your hotel is situated in a beautiful place. waking up to that beach every day was amazing! But I would love to forget the dinig experience I had in your restaurant. Salsa restaurant is a poor excuse for a restaurant the food was horrible and the service dreadful! I think thereyou should re-train an employee she was very rude to me and my husband. She was an older lady with long black hair. It`s a shame that you have people like that working for such a great company like it is Marriott!!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rusty2280
<Content>Decent hotel on nice beach The Courtyard Marriott is a decent hotel on a good beach. It is certainly not in an interesting area for tourists, basically across the street from the airport if that interests you (see the photo). Being walking distance to the Ritz Carlton and their restaurants and casino is nice but other than that, nothing to do in the area but walk on the beach. Rooms were just ok, nothing fancy although you get a walk out balcony with 1/2 the rooms facing the ocean. Ask for a room with the new plasma/lcd tv. Their website makes it sound like all rooms have them, and that's not true yet.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>beatfeet
<Content>A great trip with a few caveats I recently stayed for 4 nights with my 2 teenage daughters.Our room was ready when we arrived,and had 2 comfortable beds,a flat-screen TV,CD player,coffeepot, and mini-fridge with complimentary bottles of water.There was a balcony witha table and chairs with a beautiful ocean view.The beach behind this hotel is the nicest on the strip in Isla Verde,with white,powdery sand,palm trees for shade,and even a few hammocks for lounging.The staff wil bring your drink to you on the beach,or you can cool off with a cocktail at the pool's swimup bar.There is also a kiddie pool,and hot tub.My only complaint here is having to pay $6 for a beach chair-just increase the daily hotel rate for Pete's sake,and don't charge for the chairs.There are a few restaurants on the premises,as well as limited room service. The breakfast buffet at Salsa was good,with made-to-order omelettes and Belgian waffles among the offerings.However,the dinner buffet at Salsa was not good.The salads,side dishes, and desserts were good,but all 4 entrees (turkey,chicken,pork,and mahi-mahi) were dry and underseasoned.The food at the bar,Picante,was good,as were the lighter dishes available at Bananas,and the poolside grill.There is an outdoor restaurant called Sirena also,but we didn't get a chance to try it.The inhouse casino was fun,and there are 3 computers available in the lobby with free internet access .My daughters spent time on the computers,because there wasn't much for them to do at night.There were families with young children,couples,and some business travelers,but not a lot of teenagers around.We rented a car for 24 hours;just enough to spend an afternoon and evening browsing around old San Juan,and a half day at El Yunque rainforest.The hotel staff is helpful and pleasant-they genuinely seem happy to assist with any questions or requests.Overall,I would definitely recommend the Courtyard,and hope I stay again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soumya23
<Content>Fantastic stay...       beach at night  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>no1meemaw
<Content>Loved the staff We had the luck to be invited to Puerto Rico for a wedding at the Marriott. We had a problem with getting a room and at 3:45 with no sleep the night before as we had to be at the airport at 4am, I was starting to get upset. Well between Jose and Alfredo the problem was taken care of right now. Our room was a mini suite and we were so comfortable. I never got the name of our maid but we were in rm 1024 and she was great. Our room was spotless every day we came in. She left us extras of anything we needed. What can I say about Alfredo and Jose? Everytime I saw them they called us by name and wanted to make sure we were taken care of. We travel alot and that really impressed my husband and I. Pool was great, ocean was clean and men right there to take care of your needs. I gamble alot and enjoyed the casino, or should I say the casino enjoyed me as i didnt have much luck. Went to el San Juan to gamble and that was not good at all. The planes did not bother our party at all. Salsa music was a great treat. And the wedding they took care of was beautiful. what a great place to get married. We danced by the pool and just had the best of times. My hat is off to Alfredo and his staff. We are already planning our next trip.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Gator1815
<Content>Great Vacation Spot The hotel is very clean and modern. We stayed 10 days from July 30th through August 9th and we loved every moment. We had an Ocean View room and the view was spectacular! The pool and beach is wonderful! You can relax in a lounge chair or Hammock made for two in the sun or shade or swim up to the pool bar for a cool one!The staff is very friendly and helpful should you need assistance.Meals are more expensive in the Isla Verde area but not unreasonable. There are several restaurants within walking distance of the hotel as well as two very fine restaurants within the hotel.About a mile from the hotel there is a small strip mall with Burger King, Church's Chicken, Ponderosa Steak House and my favorite ... Mi Casita! Mi Casita is a small restaurant that offers local fare. Breakfast is a real treat with eggs, bacon or ham, breakfast potatoes and toast and coffe ao tea for under $4.00/person!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>naktia51
<Content>Great staff       Mom, Karen,Sam  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>travelpro78
<Content>A good time at the courtyard After reading several reviews from other hotels I decided to stay at this hotel with my family. The only problems I had with the hotel was the check in process and one day the clean staff did a so so job. My party arrived two hours before check in, we were told we would be called when our room was ready. Unfortunately half an hour after check in began we recieved no call. After several inquires we got our rooms. Aside from the problems mentioned above every thing else was great. The food at the Salsa was great, for both breakfast and dinner. They do not do lunch. The Papaya Grill is a good choice for lunch at the hotel. The music from the Picante Bar was a nice touch on the weekends. We did not have the problem with humid or moist rooms, our rooms were located on the 11th floor so that may make a difference. The beach is nice as well as the pools. The real gem of the hotel is the staff at the hotel, they make you feel like family and are very accommodating. Overall the hotel is excellent for a relaxing vacation for families and couples.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>NY1LOU
<Content>It was okay. I was thiking about how I would review the Marriot Courtyard resort without sounding too negative. It was not like we did not enjoy our stay, because we did, but it was average to what we are normally used to. First off, this hotel does have the best spot on the strip as far as the beach is concerned. The sand was clean, the water was nice and there were palm trees around for shade. I did not like the fact you needed to pay for your beach chairs or umbrella but that is the case. FREE use would be nice.The pool was cool, it is open 24 hours a day which is rare and nice. I hardly ever used the swim up bar but it is a nice feature. The food shack had some good eats just incase you where hungry, they had a DJ playing music which made the atmoshpere a bit more vacation like. Overall, the pool was a good place to hang out by.Cleaning service was lacking, serveral times we would leave our room by 10am and come back by 4pm and the room was still not cleaned. I am not a 5 star type of guy but the basics are a must. Some work needs to be done in that area. TV channels where good and the DVD player saved us with our 2 year old. The view was fantastic and the condo building that you here about in other reviews was not all that bad. The Salsa buffet restaurant was fine. The pork is great and the rice dishes are a must. It did not have the variety I am used to but it was good.Never ate at the Sirena restaurant. I decided to go more ethnic and eat dinner outside of the hotel. Metropol restaurant which is a few blocks away from the hotel never dissapointed.Ok, like I said, not all of it was great but we did have a good time at the place. The casino is a blast if you like that sort of stuff and what I liked the most was the Picante Bar. My hats off to Sandra the bartender she took care of me on my first night and when I got back to the bar on Sunday she took one look at me and remembered what I liked to drink and mixed it right up. She makes great drinks and is a very nice to talk to. To sum it all up, The Marriot was ok, but my main reason for going was to see the Island and that did not dissapoint. Puerto Rico is beautiful in every sense of the word and I invite you all to see it for yourselves. Old San Juan is amazing and for 5 bucks you can see both main Spanish forts and take in the history behind it all. Safe travels to all.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>geminigurl612
<Content>A Few issues but overall A great hotel! Would Def Come Back My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel from July 17-23rd. 7 Days and 6 Nights so you could imagine we put some thought into our choice of hotel. We read many reviews on trip advisor and we chose to stay here. For the most part we had a great stay. We did have some issues though. We arrived at the hotel around 11:00am. We had an early flight into San Juan that morning. When we arrived at the hotel we were told that our room was not ready which was to be expected since check in was at 3pm. They did store our luggage and we were able to change and go to the beach/pool. we were told that we would get a phone call when our room was ready. well we never got that call. finally aroud 3:30pm we inquired about our room and we were given one at 4pm. We got to the room on the 6th floor and as soon as we opened the door the room was humid. We walked in thinking perhaps the AC was not on. As we walked into the room I slipped on the carpet. The carpet was completley wet. My boyfriend then decided to use the restroom and the floor had foot prints all over the floor. I sat on the bed which was rock hard and turned on the tv and none of the channels were working. I finally got off the bed and realized that my pants soaked b/c the bed was wet due to the humidity in the room. I then heard a noise from coming from the celing and it was a malfunctioning smoke alarm.This was enough for me. we took our things and went downstairs and told the front desk that we needed to have our room changed. we let her know everything that was wrong and appologized. We were given a new room at 5pm. at this point i was exhausted and i wanted to sleep. This new room was an upgrade. It was located on the 7th floor. I was scared to open the door but im glad we did. the room was very clean and smelled good. we had a beautifal view of the ocean. I couldent believe that this room was in the same hotel. everything worked properly in this room and from here on our stay was great. The Pool, and beach are great. Yes the airport is accross the steet and you hear some planes but honestly im from New York and eventually you dont hear the planes anymore. The staff here is very friendly. The casino is a pretty good size but you do get some locals in the weekend. Particularly this young group of buys that think they run the place. other then that the casino is great. All the resturants in the hotel are great too. Wh had on issue at the buffet at salsa and that was resolved with a free meal. This hotel is very customer service oriented and try their best to accoadate your every need. This is a very relaxing atmosphere and is also great for kids. great music every night in the lobby and they have a great happy hour as well. This hotel is convenient to San Juan and if you dont want to pay for a cab jump on the A-5 bus for $.75. This hotel is convenient to all and even with the issues i had i would definatly come back. All due to the customer service i did recieve.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	5	5	

<Author>Travel_GoddessNY
<Content>Overall a Good Stay!! I stayed here in June for a wedding. The hotel overall was nice. The beach is beautiful and if your a beach person you will definatly enjoy it! Unfortunately when I arrived my luggage did not arrive with me and I was not a happy camper. My room was not ready when I checked in and I had to wait an additional 2 hours for a room. They do give you to free drink tickets when you check in so I waited at the bar. The front desk did provide me with a basket of toiletries when I mentioned that my luggage had not arrived yet. The room was a good size and was clean. The balcony however overlooked the back of the building next door!!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>MiggysGirl
<Content>The Only Hotel I Would Stay at La Isla Verde We just came back from our nine day stay at the Marriot and thought the Hotel was wonderful. It was very colorful, pretty, clean and the lobby alone was just beautiful. My one problem with the Hotel itself was the fact that we got there and had to wait awhile for our room. The beach was beautiful. The pool area was very nice. The service at the Hotel was good and the people there were courteous (sorry I can't say the same for the service outside the Hotel). The Salsa restaurant was very reasonable and the food was delicious. (If you venture outside the Hotel, Lupis is a must). The Picante Bar was a lot of fun, great bands, especially Friday and Saturday nights, people were dancing as far as the lobby elevators. The casino was a lot of fun, but I wished it was bigger and if it had more .25 slot machines and Wheel of Fortune machines would have been nice. But overall, our stay was FABULOUS!!! Don't know when I'm going back, but when I do, I will definitely be staying at the Marriot.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>WMiller86
<Content>We loved the Courtyard Isla Verde! An EXCELLENT HOTEL! This is not your ordinary Courtyard! This is more of a resort destination! My family (me, wife, DD16, DD12) stayed for 4 nights pre cruise at this property, and I would have liked to have stayed there, and forgot the cruise! Actually, my wife and DD's went down early, then I flew down and met them there. Every employee was very helpful and polite. This is a credit to the management. From early morning to late at night, the hotel management was everywhere, including Senor Arroyo, making sure that guests were well taken care of. Any requests we made were taken care of with a smile and very quickly. I have only seen this level of service at 5 star resorts. After a few days, staff greeted us by name everywhere! That was pretty cool! Our check in went quickly. Our room was very spacious, with a great balcony and view of the beach and blue sea. I had a small fridge and two large queen beds. Very comfortable, with nice,clean linens. Nothing overly fancy, but still nice. The pool was clean and fun. The beach is fantastic. You literally walk out the hotel onto the beach. We snorkeled right off the shore and found hundreds of sand dollars, and some starfish. Just down the beach was volleyball. My wife took naps in the hammocks.We took full advantage of the pool bar and snack bar. The hamburgers are great. But if you are not too hungry, just get the kids burger. It is still nice sized. The drinks were stout and priced about what you expect. $6-7 for a margarita, etc. There are some specials available.The breakfast buffet was as good as most you will find stateside. And the evening buffet included American and Puerto Rican offerings. We did not eat at Sirena, but the menu looked good. I gambled at the Casino del Sol, but did not have too much luck there. The casino hosts often came around and gave out match play coupons, which was nice. It was not smoky in there at all. Which I like.On Friday and Saturday nights, this is the happening place, with locals dancing away, overflowing into the hallways. It was enjoyable watching these excellent dancers. They could really move.The airplane noise is a non-factor. It is noticeable, but not annoying. We were worried before we arrived, but then it was a joke with us, because it was no problem at all. We kept asking each other- 鈥淚sn't there an airport nearby? I swear I heard something.鈥?br/>Visited the rain forest, Old San Juan, and El Morro. Very good trips and worth seeing.The main thing I can say is that I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Juan. You can鈥檛 go wrong. Good price, great location, great staff. If anyone has questions, please feel free to contact me. Or better yet, contact the hotel management by email. They respond quickly and are very friendly and helpful. Willie Miller- Lumberton, Texas P.S. my 12 year old daughter asked me to add this- The ice cream shop, Bananas, makes a great sundae. She should know! She was their best customer that week!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ddee320
<Content>Just stay for the beach.... Well let me start by saying, I really wanted to like this hotel. When we arrived by taxi in 5 minutes from the airport, the hotel looked great. Our room wasn't ready so they stored our luggage. We were here for 4 nights for our honeymoon. We told the lady checking us in that we were here for our honeymoon and she offered us an upgrade to a suite for $150 more per night???? Anyway after declining that offer, when we got to our room the only thing to impress us was the flat screen t.v. I also like the balcony but we had a view of the apartments next door. I think she deliberately gave us the room with the worst view. Anyway the bathroom is very small and does not have any counter space and it had mold on the wall. Well after a wonderful night on the beach my husband and I decided we were checking out the next morning and we headed straight for Embassy Suites. Loved the beach access here and the flat screen t.v. but if you are planning on spending any time in your room this is not the place for you.MRSB  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>suzieboston
<Content>Good service and pretty good value, right on the beach My husband and I went to this hotel in May for short trip. We had a good stay.Service: Very good--friendly, and helpful. The front desk people were very polite and efficient. The concierge did a great job of setting us up for a flight to Culebra at the last minute.Food: Also good. The buffet has good Puerto Rican food, including a whole pig every night, and in the lounge the churrasco skirt steak is fantastic. Room service was good for breakfast, accomodating and fast. The coffee is good at this hotel.Casino: Kind of dreary and small. Rooms: Not luxurious, but clean with good linens and toiletries. Our room had none of the mold or musty odors that other complained of, but the hallway did. It's a tropical environment, so I doubt this is a sign of poor upkeep. Housecleaning was more friendly than in most places.The pool and beach areas: Very nice. In May, there were no crowds. Plenty of chairs and umbrellas, plus hammocks. The have a towel attendent. They swim-up bar is fun and the bartenders are good. They have a hot tub, too. We ventured out into a few areas ,and this info might be useful:1.) San Juan is very much like being in the mainland U.S (except the people are friendlier and the service is better). Everyone speaks English. Most of the stores and restaurant chains are ones Americans go to at home. At some point, we got a little bored! If you want a change of scenery, check out Culebra island. It's a quiet little island with an amazing beach. We went at the urging of a couple of locals and it was worth the trip in a tiny airplane! It defintely made us feel like we got away from it all. The flights are cheap (100 round trip) and lodging on the island is available for under 100 also. If you go, though, apply bug spray and sunscreen before you get on the airplane (we wish we had).The concierge can set this up.2.) In Old San Juan, if you want good food, go where the locals are eating. In the afternoon, business people and police officers go out for lunch; follow their lead. We found this was the best way to get good local food at reasonable prices. If you want to have a nice meal at an American restaurant, skip Ruth's Chris; the food was not as good as in the States. BLT Steak in the Ritz was fantastic. We ate there twice. The bartenders and sommelier were very good to us.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Dartmouth91
<Content>Wanted to really like it, but... What we liked:The beach is beautiful - long stretches of soft, white sand, crystal-clear water, comfy chairs. The view was stunning from our balcony and we enjoyed lying out in the hot sun listening to the waves lapping the shore.The pool is fun - lots of lush vegetation, some strolling iguana, and plenty of chairs and towels. We basked in the sun, ordered great fruity drinks, and swam up and enjoyed lunch at the pool bar.The staff - Maribel at the front desk was welcoming and endearing upon arrival, the waitstaff in the restaurant were very professional and, when we left one of our passports in the hotel safe, the housekeeping manager retrieved it promptly and professionally. We were able to extend our checkout and stow our luggage and enjoy the pool and beach until our evening flight. An issue with our room was also handled quickly and professionally (see below) with the customer is always right approach.For convenience to and from the airport, it doesn't get any better than this. Our taxi experience in both directions was phenomenal - from the very organized system at the airport, to the ready and available line of taxis at the hotel, this was one of the easiest airport-to-hotel-to-airport experiences we have ever encountered.The downsides:We were shown to a room that was so humid, everything felt wet - the carpets, furniture, bedding. Also, the smell of bleach in the room was enough to burn my nostrils and force me into the bathroom where the fan ran continuously with the light on. We phoned the front desk who sent a housekeeping employee who proceeded to spritz some sort of spray all around the room (more bleach?). We requested to change rooms - they put us 2 floors up, a partial ocean view room, but no odors or humidity issue.The finer dining option was closed Sundays and Mondays, so we were given the option of the dinner buffet. The food was really, really average - I don't have a familiarity with Puerto Rican fare, but this was bland, mushy and overcooked. At $25/person, we were shocked to receive the bill for such unmemorable food.The casino, I'm sure, is fun for many, but felt depressing to us. It is small and crowded and seems to draw a large crowd of people not staying in the hotel. We walked in, intent on spending/losing $5 for fun, but left after a quick walk through left us feeling sad and overwhelmed.Overall, this hotel is saved by the beautiful beach and poolside amenities and, clearly, its proximity to the airport. We are very grateful to the staff who so professionally located and returned our passport. We also were not bothered by the airplane noise (it's kind of a low rumble that you don't hear after a while) or any insects, as reported by some other reviewers. Given the issue with the moldy room, we're not sure we'd want to try this hotel again - they were completely booked the day we departed, which would make me worry about the ability to switch rooms if necessary.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>usmarineaviator
<Content>Pretty good value As a gov't employee I was given 2 complimentary drinks, $25 match play in the casino and breakfast buffett. The pool/spa was open 24hrs a day which is nice. I was told that the beach had a lot of sand fleas by the hotel staff and by another guest but never personally had a problem.If you gamble I would encourage you to have the casino validate your parking.Overall nice stay with live Latin music in the lobby bar.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gomesy
<Content>Fantastic stay! I am so glad that I listened to all of the great reviews this hotel has received in the past. Yes, the hotel is right near the airport and you can hear and see planes take off all day, but the noise really isn't all that distracting. And it's pretty cool to watch the planes take off while you relax in the ocean or on the beach. The beach.......is beautiful! The hotel provides lounge chairs and towels and it was never crowded during our five night stay. The hammocks on the beach were awesome - very relaxing under the shade of the coconut trees. The hotel staff were all extremely happy, kind and helpful. And the food was tasty at all four food outlets. (My husband caught a cold our second day, so we did all of our eating at the hotel.) Sirena's is the finer food restaurant and is on the patio. The food is delicious. The Picante Bar menu has your chicken fingers, chicken sandwich, hamburger-type fare and all were quite tasty. And all of the drinks are quite potent and delicious. The Bananas ice cream shop is a counter in the lobby next to the bar and lounge which serves hot dogs, pizza, sandwiches and ice cream. The ice cream is Ben  Jerry's. The Salsa restaurant's breakfast buffet is delicious and the dinner buffet is pretty tasty too (if you like Puerto Rican cuisine). All prices were reasonable considering (of course they're higher than local joints, but you're paying of the ease of it all). The casino is small, but enjoyable if you're a gambler (we didn't have much luck, but we witnessed some winners). The hotel overall was very clean and well-kept. The room wasn't huge, but it fit a king bed, sofa and desk and what more does one really need? The bed was super comfortable and the balcony (two chairs and a small table) was a nice touch.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fuffiii
<Content>Great Hotel !!! Courtyard Marriot is a beautiful place to stay. The beach was wonderful, it has hammacks on the beach which was really relaxing during the day as well as the night. My hubby and I walked on the beach at night which was really nice. They have salsa night on saturday i think. the pool is nice and clean and the Staff people were friendly too. The room was great with small balcony (ours wasn't directly facing the ocean, but we were able to see the waves). The only reason i didnt give this place an 'excellent' rating because i was bitten by bugs at night time. I didnt see any bugs during the day but when i woke up i had been bitten miserably. Overall, the place was very fun to stay at.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>destination
<Content>Great time! We stayed at the hotel in late May and had a fantastic time. I will say we booked online and got our rooms at a discounted price which helped add to our enjoyment. We were expecting an airport hotel. We had not read any reviews so were pleasantly surprised. The beach is beautiful and not crowded. The pool is open twenty four hours so we spent one night sitting out by the water. Planes do constantly fly overhead and we could hear them from our room so this area may not be the best for light sleepers.The food was a little overpriced but reasonable for a hotel. The service was overall great. At Picante, a manager noticed my husband was not getting served quickly enough and came up unsolicited to apologize and correct it. By contrast, the dinner buffet at Salsa was a little disappointing. The restaurant was over half-empty but even being asked how many people were in our party took well over fifteen minutes. Again, not a big deal but a little irritating when you can see all the empty tables while you wait. Overall though, we were very pleased.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charlilley
<Content>Great Hotel       Daytime Veiw from Balcony  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>bstnnrdgrl
<Content>Don't waste your money. To be fair, it is true that the staff are pleasant and do their best with what they have--which is essentially an airport mall masquerading as a hotel (one could hardly call it a resort). The place is safe and clean enough, has comfortable furniture, large rooms, lightning-fast elevators, and all the necessary amenities as well as a few nice details (energy-saving lightbulbs and water-saving faucets, and an iPod port on the clock-radio-CD player in the room). I was also allowed to check in to my room early (1:30 pm instead of 3 pm). However, my room (#705) absolutely reeked of mold. I have stayed in Courtyard Marriotts before and have never had any complaints. But here, unfortunately, staff were unable to correct the problem (their solution involved spraying the air conditioner with Lysol or something similar). Nor could they switch me to a different room (the hotel was completely full). The odor was so overpowering that I felt I ought to have been sent to another nearby hotel at the Marriott's expense. The air conditioning unit--perhaps even the whole duct system--needs to be thoroughly cleaned, serviced, and preferably updated. The carpets were damp to the touch. The fan in the bathroom, although it runs constantly, was useless. I opened the cover and found the inside coated with a thick layer of dust. I tried to air the room out by opening the balcony door, but I couldn't keep it open for long owing to the airplane noise and the fact that there was no screen door, so the sandflies flew right in.In general I felt that that the owners ought to direct their energies and funds toward updating--rather than expanding--the hotel. The gym, too, was in a sad state of neglect, with old machines (the stair-climber was so rusty that it got stuck, and I bruised my leg when it finally popped back up unexpectedly; I later noticed--and pointed out to an employee--that the bars at the bottom were completely covered with rust). There was also no elliptical machine. The food was overpriced and mediocre, and service was p-a-i-n-f-u-l-l-y s-l-o-w--even though the restaurants were half-empty both times I visited.It is true that the beach is clean and spacious, and quiet  relaxing whenever there's a lull in the plane take-offs. And the view from the balcony--even from a partially-obstructed ocean-view room, as mine was--is quite pretty. But at $300 a night, the Courtyard by Marriott Isla Verde Beach Resort is seriously overpriced and over-rated.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iwatkins
<Content>Best Beach!       view from our oceanfront room  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	2	2	5	

<Author>JENNMCC
<Content>Wonderful surprise at a good price!! We spent 5 days/4 nights at Courtyard by Marriott Isla Verde in mid-March 2007 as a getaway for our wedding anniversary. The price was great for this time of year. We had read mostly good reviews, but were surprised at just how much we enjoyed the hotel, property and service!The beach was wonderful and very large. Comfy loungers are set up as you get your towels. We walked east and there was no one around, if you wish some privacy. To the west was the Ritz, and their beach was a joke in comparison. We had a nice amount of waves to play in, but nothing dangerous. The no-see-um bugs are around, so be sure to put on bug repellent from your knees down. We did not and had a few bites, but nothing I hadn't gotten in Florida or South Carolina.The pool was fine and not crowded. (It was high season too, I think.) Looked great for kids. We lounged around the pool and had a drink at the swim up bar. Paradise.The airplane noise is there, though I guess you have to determine what you are expecting. If you want silence and peace, go find a secluded cabin rather than a resort. We were ready for it and did not find the noise objectionable at all. Thanks to the wonderful oceanfront room upgrade, if we had our sliding door open, the ocean noise drowned out almost all airplane noise. Would one complain that the ocean is too noisy?The breakfast buffet was bountiful and complete. Made-to-order omelets and waffles, along with a nice variety of warm items including good sausage and bacon. The cold items had eveything one could wish for, and a very wide variety of juices (good OJ!) left one wanting for nothing. The price is your call, as I end up pigging out to get my money's worth, then needed a good nap by the pool. But that's vacation!!Our only minor complaint was the wait staff service at Picante early in the week. Not sure why we were ignored so, but what can one do. We found some of the same kind of service at a couple other restaurants in this tourist area, so perhaps that's the way things are. The Manager's Reception was exactly the opposite, where the food was good and plentiful, the service was outstanding and the mojitos were addictive. (To one of us anyway...) Maybe tipping accordingly will get their attention for the next time? Again, only a minor issue, as there were plenty of other places to try. (We had a great meal and service in Old San Juan.)Conversely, Mr. Caban and the entire C by M staff could have not treated us better. I'm not sure what we will do for next year's anniversary, but the bar has been set high after this excellent experience. We will be back to see you soon, Yodil. Mucho gracias and best wishes on future expansion!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>taco92
<Content>What an incredible place!!!!         
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rhonda_View
<Content>Courtyard: a Marriott resort by any other name We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in April while we explored Puerto Rico. If this Courtyard was located anywhere other than near the San Juan airport, it would be rated a 4-star Marriott. The hotel is very nice and has the amenties and small touches you would expect from a more expensive beach resort: quality linens; comfortable beach chairs; cozy hammocks for 2, shaded by nearby palm trees; several on-site restaurants; its own (very clean) beach; large swimming pool with a swim-up bar, and more. Our room was large and clean, and our outdoor patio faced a lovely stretch of beach. For us, it was well worth the tradeoff of the flights, which in truth didn't even bother us. We would definitely recommend this hotel. Request a room facing west, on an upper floor, when you make a reservation.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SusanMonroeville
<Content>This Hotel Is Tourist Friendly This was our third time in San Juan. The first two times we stayed on the Condado. This time we wanted to be on the beach so we chose Isla Verde and the Courtyard by Marriott. When our room was not ready at check-in time of 3P.M., we were immediately upgraded to an ocean front room on the fouth floor. The view was spectacular. The bathroom could have used a little updating but it was clean. The staff at the hotel was more than accommodating. We loved the casino, where we won over $600. The only down side was that all the casinos were closed on Good Friday until noon on Saturday. I am anxiously awaiting my next trip to San Juan. My husband is already looking for an Christmas trip but the prices then are much higher!! I would definitely recommend Courtyard By Marriott in Isla Verde.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mcammer
<Content>Trying hard to be luxury, but not there. But family friendly.       A lot of effort is spent keeping the pools in good condition.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JVas9
<Content>What a great week       Ocean view 4th floor  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Deweybeach
<Content>Wonderful trip to Paradise!! My husband and I along with our 2 kids (ages 6  7) just returned from a 7 day stay last night. WE LOVED IT and can not wait to go back. Excellent service from the minute you step off the cab and throughout your stay!! Thank you Mr Caban for the gorgeous oceanfront suite. We loved it!!This hotel is just steps away from the ocean with great ammenities. We ventured off on the island and saw some top resorts but this is the place to stay and as close to a lovely beach as you can get. We will be back next year for another week stay.Our kids loved the yummy treats (fresh cookies, ice cream and etc) at Bananas in the Lobby and I enjoyed my morning iced latte made with Puerto Rican coffee there without having a starbucks. Jean at the concierge desk with a lovely smile and a friendly attitude is ready to guide you to great restaurants and fun things to do. The minute you step on the beach, there are staff ready to set up lounge chairs, cabanas and get you drinks/food from the poolside bar/grill (Papayas). Loved sipping on our awesome Pina Coladas made by Luise the bartender at the swim up bar!! Rooms were very clean and serviced each day before we returned from the beach. The room had an oceanfront suite with 2 comfortable large queen size beds, large flat screen TV. We listened to the ocean sounds just steps away from our room. Talk about service...each time we requested anything from guest services, we received a follow-up phone call within 10-15 minutes to assure that our needs have been met and that we are enjoying our stay. GREAT MANAGEMENT and customer service!!All the locals recommended Metropol for good authentic Puerto Rican/cuban food. It is a very casual place within 5 minutes walking distance from the hotel and we went back several times for the tasty cuban pepper steak and shrimp with garlic sauce. You get lots of food for as little as $10-15 per person. Within walking distance you can rent all kinds of watersports for a very reasonable price (sailing on hobbie cats for 1/2 hr @ $25 and jet skiing for 1/2 hr for $65). OUR FAMILY CAN NOT WAIT TO GO BACK FOR ANOTHER MEMORABLE STAY AT THIS HOTEL. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Prodance
<Content>It's just OK We spent our very last night here before flying out the next day.I do not recommend that an entire vacation week be spent here but for 1 convenient night night near the airport it was adequate. There was some kind of a large white milky spill or stain of some sort smack in the middle of a dark blue bedspread. It was surprising that the staff did not replace it because it was pretty gross. We removed it and put it on the floor in the corner of the room. Other than that, the room was fine and in good condition.We had dinner at Salsa - very dissappointing. It was not good. I was up most of the night with an upset stomach. In retrospect, I would probably not book this hotel for that last night again. We were all over the island and had some very great stays and good times.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	4	1	

<Author>rocknroll52
<Content>Family Friendly; Great Buffets; Be Aware of Extra Charges We stayed here with our two daughters aged 12 and 14 for a weeklong spring break getaway in late March 2007. This hotel has nice amenities for families including: a nicely landcaped pool with separate kiddie pool; beautiful sandy beach; ice cream parlor and arcade room; mini fridge in the room. Be aware, the surf can be strong at the beach and there are no lifeguards at the pool or the beach. What stands out from our experience here are the excellent buffet breakfast and dinner at Salsa Restaurant. There are some pricing options to be aware of, as they are not posted: The full breakfast buffet costs 12.95 for adults, 6.50 for kids under 12. Adults eating the cold buffet at Salsa are charged only 7.95. The hot buffet includes: made to order omelets and waffles, breakfast meats, french toast, potatoes, and hot cereal. The cold buffet is bountiful containing cold meats and cheeses, bagels, toast and pastries, fresh fruits, cereal, and yogurt. Coffee, tea, hot chocolate, milk and a selection of fruit juices are provided. You can eat your breakfast inside or on the veranda which looks out on the beach (recommended!). Continental breakfast is also available at Bananas ice cream parlor for about $5, where you can watch CNN on TV while you eat; however, the selection of food is more limited and is not a good value compared to the cold buffet at Salsa.The dinner buffet at Salsa features Puerto Rican specialties and costs 21.95; during our stay a special promotion was available, kids under 12 free with a paying adult. Again, this pricing is not posted and you have to ask. The centerpiece of the buffet is a whole roasted pig (lechon). You have to try this! The meat is tender and tasty and the skin is crisp. Other local food items on the dinner buffet included goat (tastes like lamb), red beans and rice, and plantains. We also ate dinner at Sirena's, a white tablecloth style restaurant located on the patio. You can't beat the ambiance: palm trees, beach, soft lighting and island music. The a la carte menu is more pricey than the buffet, but the food was great, and compared to other restaurants on the island, was not overpriced. Dinner for four inluding appetizers and main course will run about $35 not including drinks, tips and tax. A wine list is available.A note about extra charges you will run into here: our room rate of 261.25 for an oceanview double (AAA rate) did not include govt tax of 31.61 and a 26.13 resort fee, so the grand total for our room was 318.99 per day. Self-parking in the onsite garage is $15 per day plus 7% tax. You will need a car or taxi to get most places; although you can walk to the Ritz Carlton where a lovely but pricey spa offers everything from payaya and mango facials ($75) to rainforest stone massage ($175). My girls got manicures ($40 each). For a splurge gourmet dinner you might want to try the Vineyard Restaurant at the Ritz (we didn't). I noticed that the pool and beach in front of the Ritz Carlton were much more crowded than ours and didn't provide a lot of shade. A beautiful hotel but I would never spend $580 and up for a room there!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>javcue77
<Content>Great Courtyard, great restaurant!!       View from table  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>musicmaker
<Content>A little piece of Paradise!       Hammocks on the Beach  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Churchtour_travler
<Content>Loved the view This was a great place to stay. The view was fantastic and the hotel staff were very helpful and pleasant. The rooms were large and very clean especially for a beachfront hotel. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Ann-70
<Content>Had a blast with the kids I went down to Puerto Rico to get away from the cold weather and used my airline mileage to take the kids. They loved it! The beach was lovely, the playground was great and the staff superb. My kids can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>shineman
<Content>Wonderfull Stay My wife and I just returned from an excellent 4 night stay at The Isla Verde Courtyard. Upon check-in we were upgraded to a suite, ( thank you Mr Caban ) that was very spacious and had a spectacular ocean front view of the beach and water. The room had a comfortable king size bed and a large flat screen LCD TV equipt with a DVD player in the bedroom and another TV w/dvd player in the living room.The room also had an apartment size refridge a microwave and a coffee maker in the dinnette area. The grounds are beautifully landscaped and well maintained. The beach is also beautiful and located right outside the hotel door. Although the hotel was at or near capacity there was plenty of room on the beach and poolside with lounge chairs, umbrellas and cabanas available for hotel guest. There is also plenty of employees to help with such as well as food and drinks.There were a couple of restaurants with very good food and one has live latin music nightly.The employees in the entire hotel were friendly and very accomadating and there are senior management personnel on the premises to address an issues that may arise. As an added bonus there is free high speed internet access available 24 hours a day. YES this hotel is right next to the airport and YES you can hear the airplanes at times,but I would not let that stop me from enjoying this hotel, as I believe it is the best value in the area and would highly recommend a stay here.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelgal50
<Content>lovely beach property Stayed at the Courtyard Marriott Isla Verde for one night post cruise. We arrived at the hotel from the ship at 11:30 AM and were warmly welcomed. We were in our room by 11:45 and on the beach shortly after. After receiving our guest wristbands and beach towels we were greeted by two beach attendants who asked us where we would like our sun loungers placed. What service. We also enjoyed the comfortable hammocks which line the beach. The pool was enjoyable as was the jacuzzi. This is a very pretty and tropically landscaped property. The room was fairly standard with a king sized bed, sofa, chair and coffee table. We had a room on the eighth floor overlooking the ocean with a small but adequate balcony furnished with a table and two well cushioned chairs.The hotel has a small collection of DVD's available at no charge which I thought was a nice touch.The pool area grill served standard beach fare which was enjoyed beach and poolside. We also enjoyed the Puerto Ricanbuffet at night (complete with salsa music) as well as the buffet breakfast in the morning. I thought the prices for both buffets were reasonalble ($22.00 and $12.95 respectively) but I did think the poolside grill was overpriced.All in all we had a most enjoyable time at this hotel and would recommend it highly. We have traveled all over the world and have always found that the attitude of the hotel staff makes the difference between a good and a great hotel. Every staff person we came into contact with at this property was friendly and helpful and really seemed to take pride in their work. Thus, a great hotel!!!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>MACGermantown
<Content>The good and the bad We just got back from 5 days in Puerto Rico- traveling with our 19-month-old. Here is the rundown of the good and the bad of the Courtyard Marriott there in San Juan. After having gone to St. Kitts and Cancun the previous two years- staying at Marriott鈥檚 at both location- I put San Juan as third on my list of places to visit- especially with a child.The Good飩?Pool is great. They have a nice pool with a swim up bar. They also have two other kid pools. One is a pool perfect for kids who have just learned to swim. It isn鈥檛 very big, has a slide, and has seating for parents. They also have a baby pool, which was perfect for our son. There are plenty of chairs around each of three pools.飩?They have a nice playground.飩?I really liked how you could see the ocean from the pool and you were just steps away from the beach.飩?They gave my son a bucket, shovel and beach ball when we checked in. They never left his side.飩?The breakfast buffet was really good and priced reasonably at $13 per person.飩?The food you can get for lunch throughout the hotel is okay. Nothing great but nothing too bad.飩?There is a pharmacy within walking distance to get snacks, floats, soft drinks, etc..飩?There is a grocery store within walking distance- about 15 minutes or 3 minutes by cab. We walked it and it is doable despite what they tell you. But if you just need small stuff go to the pharmacy. If you do buy milk, buy a 陆 gallon 鈥?a whole gallon won鈥檛 fit in the fridge.飩?The rooms had DVD players.The Bad飩?The hotel is the last hotel in a line of hotels. You have about a 10-minute walk to other restaurants/hotel restaurants. The sidewalks are not very stroller friendly飩?If you do go somewhere else close by- like a two minute cab ride, you are looking at a minimum of $6-7 each way. It was about $35 roundtrip to old San Juan. It adds up after a while and can be difficult to do with a car seat.飩?The food at the hotel at night isn鈥檛 very good so you have to go out and most places- even American chains- are about 50% higher than what you would pay in the states.飩?I didn鈥檛 feel the service was that great at the hotel. I had to call the front desk a couple of times for things and it was like they could have cared less- they had a take it or leave it attitude- despite the letter you get from management when you check in. 飩?The people in San Juan weren鈥檛 the most helpful people either. I didn鈥檛 feel like they were really into being a tourist destination. Being that I live in Maryland and it is really cold here in the winter- I would only go back if it were a really good deal getting there and staying there at the Marriott. Otherwise I would look for a hotel on Isla Verde but further down the strip.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>PRJ1234
<Content>Great Hotel My two friends and I came back from a 3 night vacation at the Courtyard. We were upgraded to a junior suite which was very spacious and clean. The staff was extremely gracious, friendly, and helpful during our stay. The pool area was very pretty, the water a bit cool for our tastes. The hot tub was too chlorinated and stung our eyes, and was also way too hot. The pool and beach were right outside the hotel doors which was very convenient. The beach was pretty empty and beautiful but beware of the sand flies in the early morning! (OFF spray did not work) The Sirena restaurant and the Picante lounge had very good food. All in all, we enjoyed the hotel very much!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>labombita22
<Content>Love the Courtyard Isla Verde! My husband and 13 month old son just got back from a WONDERFUL stay at Courtyard Isla Verde. Staff, ammenities, location, just EVERYTHING in general was super. The noise from the airport takes some getting used to but it's not bad. Will definitely stay here again if we visit PR in the future! The food at all resturants was great and Banana's was an extra plus! You won't be dissatisifed with this place! Cannot saying anything more but FABULOUS!!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shorty822
<Content>GOOD HOTEL Stayed here 1 night prior to our cruise. the hotel was clean and the staff were very nice. I wouldn't say it's the nicest hotel, but it's worth the money compared to most san juan hotels located on the beach. One annoying thing, was the hotel is very close to the airport so it was loud at times (not the end of the world). The area was good and there are some restaurants in the area (walking distance). I would recommend this hotel and would consider returning if in the area!!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Caramel38
<Content>It's ok; not worth $400 a night My husband and I had a pre-cruise stay at this hotel. The hotel's website make the hotel look a lot better than it really is. It needs updating BAD! The hotel room furniture is old. The bed is uncomfortable. The bathroom needs an update. The restaurant is ok, but not great, especially if you do not favor the local dishes and want upscale dining. However, the pool bar  grill is good. I loved the pool's swim up bar. BEWARE of the iguanas while at the pool. They're large and of course not afraid of humans. One even jumped in the pool while we were in it. The casino sucks. We visited the Ritz Carlton and the El San Juan Hotel Casinos. They're great and within walking distance. We ate a nice romantic dinner at the Ritz Carlton's Seafood restaurant. Go there if you're searching for good American food and fine dining. One good point.... the beachfront area of this hotel is nice. They have hammocks, lounge chairs  umbrellas available for hotel guests. There are nice palm trees and lush flowers  plants. Overall, I would never stay here again. It's simply NOT worth $400.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Mauie4me2
<Content>Second stay - even better than the first!!! This was our second stay at Courtyard by Marriott Isla Verde Resort.  Last Feb. we stayed one night prior to our cruise whichwas leaving from San Juan. We loved the hotel then and decided to return this year - same time of year and for just one night prior to a cruise.My only regret is that it couldn't have been longer.The hotel is right on the ocean - walk out the door and thebeach is right there. The pool area is very nice as well.We had a wonderful room with a balcony facing the ocean.We had a great dinner at the hotel, listened to some livelySalsa music and a great girl singer in the lobby, visited theCasino and didn't have to leave the property - everything wewanted was right there.The accomodations were nicely decorated and very clean.The Staff is friendly and helpfulNext time we are in San Juan, we will arrange to stay at thishotel for a week - - one night is not enough.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>seattlewaseattlewa
<Content>Nice Hotel but close to the airport and a bit out of the way The hotel is very nice and the beach is gorgeous. My wife and I read that it was close to the airport, so we should have been more prepared for the frequent plane noise. Another drawback is that it's out of the way, so you need to take a cab to get to San Juan. For the price it's very good, I don't want to be too negative.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>george01
<Content>Great stay at the Courtyard Stayed at the Courtyard for 4 nights right before New Year's. We had booked an ocean front room, well worth the extra money, and quite reasonable by Puerto Rico standards for the high season. The view was awesome, the beach was great, although the ocean was very rough during our stay, and that meant algie on the beach. They do an excellent job grooming the beach every morning, however they don't pick it up, thus it goes in and back out during the tides.We had a couple of minor problems during our stay. One was corrected by staff within minutes, and the other, when management got involved, it was satisfactorily corrected. It was rather refreshing to see management take such an active role in the running of the hotel. Although common in small properties, it's quite rare among the bigger ones. Gracias Mr. Caban.As for the biting gnats, they are for real. Just like in Florida, they bite during early morning and evening. They got me in the balcony, but no big deal. The noise of the planes was not an issue for us, we didn't mind at all. Do not sleep with the sliders open though, because you'll hear them in the morning. Close the sliders, turn on the AC, and you'll hardly hear them.Breakfasts were excellent, and reasonably priced, and the lounge really rocks at night (with salsa sounds, of course) A message for the Concierge: Yes, there is public transportation in Puerto Rico to go places all over the island. When we asked, were told by a young lady at the concierge desk that it didn't exist, and that we had to either rent a car or use taxis, which we didn't want to do. We wanted to go out of San Juan, inland, to see other towns. We asked a local, and he told us about the guagua (bus) terminals, depending on the destination, and how to get there (via subway- which by the way, was fantastic, so clean and beautiful). Granted, I'm fluent in the language and while it's perhaps not the most confortable means of transportation (the guagua) - they are small vans, have erratic schedules - it truly gives you a sense of the real Puerto Rico, and its people. We used it to go to Caguas, a small town about an hour or so from San Juan, and enjoyed it tremendously, the people we met were wonderful and the entire experience was just what we were looking for.All in all, we had a great time at the hotel and in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macinMN
<Content>The perfect way to end a cruise vacation! My husband and I had just completed a 3 day cruise thru his company. We had booked two nights at the Isla Verde Courtyard for afterwards for some relaxation to celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary. When I made the reservation, Marriott could not guarantee that we would be receiving a king, non-smoking room. I had emailed the hotel directly and the asst general manager made a note on our reservation. When we arrived the front desk they treated us like VIP's offered us an upgrade to oceanfront suite and later that evening had complimentary appetizers brought to our room. Everything about the hotel is great - clean, staff friendly  helpful, beautiful beach, small casino, 3 restaurants, ice cream/coffee shop, bar - you really never have to leave! They do have a tour desk and we did book a Bacardi Rum factory and Old San Juan tour which was fun and interesting and worth the $40. The hotel is right down the way from the Ritz Carlton which has nicer, powdered sand but limited space - one chair on top of the other. The Courtyard is spread out with staff immediately there to assist you with your chair/cabana. The pool is really nice with swim up bar, not crowded. The planes/helicopters for us were interesting, not at all a problem, an occasional roar. At night with the air conditioner going you don't really hear them. There are plans for future expansion with condos and Puerto Rico's largest swimming pool. We can't wait to go back for a longer visit at this wonderful hotel and time to do more tours, specially the bioluminescent bay by kayak.We highly recommend this hotel for a fun and relaxing time!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SteveInMinn
<Content>A very nice time My wife and I just returned from a four-night stay at the Courtyard on Isla Verde. We chose the hotel largely because of the large number of positive Trip Advisor reviews, and we were not disappointed.The pool is nice, very clean, and not too crowded (no annoying jockeying for chairs lounge chairs). The beach is right outside the hotel's door, and is nothing short of awesome. The room was spacious and clean, and the staff very helpful and friendly. The food at the hotel was fine, but nothing special. Despite some other comments on this site, we found other restaurants to be within acceptable walking distance (10 minutes), even though this hotel is the easternmost property among the strip of hotels on Isla Verde. Try Metropol, right across from the Ritz Carlton, for some good, cheap Cuban food (but not as good as I've had in Little Havana in Miami).The only drawback is the proximity to the airport -- the noise can be annoying after a while, and if you have a room facing east as we did, it's difficult to fully enjoy the balcony. [Hint: ask for a room facing west.] But of course, proximity to the airport has its advantages in terms of cab fare ($12 each way).Don't be too bummed that you're a ways from enjoying a day trip in Old San Juan. We were told that a cab was about 20 bucks, but we chose to ride public transit both ways -- and it was just fine, and 75 cents a head! Catch the A-5 bus about two blocks west of the hotel, right across from Denny's. (Yes, Denny's. Sigh.) You ride it all the way to the end of the line, and on the way you get a decent tour of San Juan and get to see how real people live -- always a fun experience.Enjoy Puerto Rico's warmth -- its weather, and its people. It was our first trip there, and we'll definitely be back. It beats what we've seen of Mexico and the Dominican hands down.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Romnan
<Content>excellent precruise hotel My wife,myself and two friends that were going on a cruise stayed at the hotel for two days prior. Flew in from Tampa and was at the hotel within 10 minutes After picking up our luggage.Overall we found everything about the hotel to be very appealing.Staff was very outgoing,cheerful and helpful. The room were large and the views were wonderful.What was helpful was helpful was that this was a very special trip and we wanted a room with THE PERFECT VIEW front desk allowed us to see the room before we chcked in, not afterThe pool and beach area are just beautiful,really must be seen to appreciate. I know people have written about the airport noise but truthfully this amounted to a jet taking off periodically and the take off noise lasted a few minutes.Dining options are available at the hotel and excellent.checked out for the cruise on Sunday met a couple there that was going so we became a partof six staff very helpful with getting a cab forsix with 14-16 pieces of luggagewold recommend staying here to anyone, and plan to stay here on my next trp  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jams34
<Content>Wonderful Vacation My husband and I just returned from an eight night vacation stay at the Courtyard. There are not enough good things I can say about this hotel and we have been to Puerto Rico many, many times. I would recommend the the Courtyard over the Marriott in Condado where we have also stayed.First, the rooms were excellent - clean, spacious and very comfortable. As for all the staff we encountered - outstanding. Two days I forgot to leave a note that the money left out was a tip for the housekeeping staff and they did not take it.The food was excellent - from the breakfast buffet were there were made to order omelettes to Siera, their best restaurant, just great - we ate there three times. Sandwiches in the little restaurant in the lobby were also great. We loved the beach - no seawood and great swimming. Casino staff was so friendly which too often is not the case in Puerto Rico - we stopped going to the El San Juan Casino just down the street for that reason. We are small gamblers but love it and the Courtyard was the only place we won. Overall we had such a great experience and highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elcicuta
<Content>Had a wonderful time at Isla Verde       The Aiport accross the street  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelfool11
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location I stayed at this hotel during a recent business trip to San Juan. The hotel was much better than expected. All rooms have a view of the ocean and the facilities at the hotel were great. The rooms appeared to be recently renovated, was larger than expected and very clean. The view was wonderful. There were a number of restaurants and although I did not each lunch or dinner there, I did eat breakfast there both days. The breakfast buffet with omelette and waffle bar was great. I believe it only cost about $12-13 which is not too bad for a decent hotel breakfast.The casino was also much better than expected, especially for a hotel of this side. When we checked in we even got $25 in match play coupons. The table game and slot machine selection was one of the best I've seen on the island.The Courtyard is in the Isla Verde section which has what I think is the best beach in San Juan. The main beach in Puerto Rico (the Condado Section) is very rocky and much rougher although this is where most of the large resorts are (ie the Marriott Stellarios, Caribe Hilton, Condado Plaza, etc). Isla Verde is also further away from Old San Juan than the hotels in Condado but you can take a taxi there for $19, the ride takes about 10-15 minutes depending on traffic.The downside of Isla Verde is that all of the hotels (the Courtyard included) are located on a strip directly adjacent to the runway. Although some reviewers indicated you couldn't hear the planes very well, I definitely heard them even in my room. In fact one was so loud I thought it was crashing into the hotel (at about 5:45 am). Outside the noise can be deafening.The pool and beach area are oustanding for a hotel of this size. I especially like the hammocks which were great for enjoying the warm Caribbean breeze.This hotel is ideal of business travelers and for vacationers looking for a short trip. I would not recommend this for anyone looking for a relaxing, get away from it all luxury vacation. The noise is just not conducive to it. Also, please note that in the winter the ocean can be VERY cold. If you are looking for a beach vacation I would definitely look for someplace outside San Juan, preferrably on the Eastern or Southern Coasts. The water there just seems to much warmer in the winter.I would DEFINITELY stay at this hotel again if traveling on business or as a stop over for a few nights in San Juan before traveling elsewhere on the island. If you are vising San Juan and staying at the hotel you probably don't need a car. The airport is a short cab ride as is Old San Juan. You can take a short walk to numerous restaurants around the hotel. It's probably cheaper and less of a hassle. Driving can be a bit challenging here.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bbhouston
<Content>Surprisingly nice Courtyard We visit San Juan 2-3 times per year and usually stay at the Marriott Stelaris Resort in the Condado. We stayed here for New Year's Eve this year. The rooms are FAR nicer than the Marriott's and with far better views. No airport noise in ocean view rooms that we noticed. Beach in Isla Verde is far nicer than in the Condado. The only negative thing is that the Courtyard is more remote than many others...ie, hard to walk to restaurants and stores. Other than that, I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VirginiaProf
<Content>Wonderful staff We just returned from spending four nights at this hotel. We had a great time. The hotel met our needs very well, but it might not be equally excellent for everyone.First, let me say that everyone at the hotel -- heck, everyone in Puerto Rico -- was wonderful to us. It was a friendly, relaxed and pleasant place to vacation. We traveled with our two *special* children, one autistic and one with ADHD, and occasionally one or the other does something odd; we don't expect things to always be trouble-free in the interpersonal relations department. In this case, however, it was. Two men even appeared from nowhere to help us free our rented car from the sand when we got stuck while taking beach photos.One thing you ought to know about this hotel, however, is that it is very near the airport. The soundproofing in the building is quite good. There are, for example, double sliding glass doors on the room's balcony that seal out much of the noise. While we could still hear the planes from our room, the sound was faint and not annoying. Outside in the hot tub, however, you absolutely had to suspend conversation when one took off. This did not bother us (after all, we have children, and noise is no novelty) but it might be an issue for someone else.Also, the beach in front of the hotel, while very scenic, isn't the best for swimming. There is, or was during our visit, quite a bit of seaweed floating in the water. The huge hammocks swinging there, however, are wonderfully enticing, and lying there in the evening watching the moon float overhead is the kind of experience you hope for on a Caribbean vacation. The hotel's pools are nice and they were not crowded when we used them. However, they are a bit small. You are not going to mistake them for Blizzard Beach in Disneyworld. The beach situation did not bother us, though, because we had a rental car and knew that the beach at Liquillo was gorgeous. We drove down there (about 30 miles) and had a great time on two different visits.The room was clean. Pretty standard for a nice hotel/motel. No issues there.The biting insects -- most likely it was the no-see-ums -- did take a chunk out of us on the beaches. We neglected to use bug spray, and one thing I would recommend to others is to buy some kind of insect repellent and use it. If you forget, Benadryl's anti-itch spray relieves the symptoms pretty well, as we can personally attest.The food at the hotel was good, but expensive. If you want a cheaper breakfast and you have a car, take a right turn out of the hotel and drive about a half mile and you will find a Dennys on your right.There is a bar and a casino in the spacious lobby area. I am not a gambler, so the casino was no big deal for me. The bar had live nightly music, usually featuring a lively Latin beat, and the dance floor filled and spilled into the surrounding lobby by 9:30 or so in the evening. I believe it went into the wee hours of the morning, but I can't say I stayed up to find out.The musicians were good -- at least, these are not the sad sacks you sometimes see singing yellow bird and panhandling some places in the Caribbean. They were professionals. If you like dancing to a salsa beat, you could spend many happy hours in the lobby. The place rocked - the scene at New Year's Eve surpasses any party I have ever seen before. The hotel also runs a kids club, where you can have the children entertained, provided you are willing to spend your free time on the hotel grounds. You must pledge to stay on grounds while the children are with them. Having seen the kids club on a Disney cruise ship, mine were chomping at the bit to go to this one. When we got there, though, it reminded me more of the toddler nursery at our church than the Disney kids club. My son pulled my arm and whispered in my ear This place is lame. We left them anyway, and when we returned a few hours later to pick them up, they did not want to leave. My 10 year old son had been playing Twister and my 8 year old daughter had been imaging herself a sophisticated grown-up, drinking pina coladas (with no alcohol) prepared by the adult running the show. The kids wanted to go back and did so a couple days later. Again, they did not want to leave when we went to pick them up. So again, friendly staff mattered more than posh surroundings and state-of-the-art electronic games.The photos of our trip are available online athttp://www.flickr.com/photos/cmichener/sets/72157594455779395/if you are interested.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nuyorquina
<Content>Great Stay Fantastic stay at the Courtyard. Asst. Mgr. Yodil Caban met us upon arrival just as he said he would on this site. He upgraded our room and we had a fabulous view of the beach. The customer service was wonderful and everything was top notch. I am definitely going back.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewYorkTravelmom
<Content>Very nice hotel! Great staff! My husband and two children (ages 8 and 4) stayed there for 5 or 6 nights in November. We had an oceanfront 1bdrm suite. The room was very nice and clean. The view was AMAZING! Every staff member was helpful and eager to please. The other guests were friendly too. The food was average (I only ate the breakfast buffet). We had a very nice, low-key vacation. I've spent lots more and had more luxurious accomodations on other vacations, and I'm pretty picky, but this hotel was was pleasant surprise. And you can't beat the price. We had friends who paid more for their tiny room, over looking the city(not beach) at the Intercontinental. When they saw our room, they said they'd stay at the Courtyard on their next trip. It is a great hotel for families although we never did find the advertised kids' club. The pool is nice; the beach was a bit rough and the water is not crystal clear, but it was still fun. One of the nicest things about the hotel is that it is at the end of the hotel strip so it feels much more secluded than the other hotels on the strip. The view from our large balcony (15ft long probably) was ALL ocean and unspoiled beach- not commercial at all! The airplane noise is real, but you get used to it and it's not really annoying. We could not hear it when we were inside our room. If you're looking for constant action, it's not the best hotel for you- the Courtyard is quiet, although it does have a small casino open 24 hrs. and a lobby bar. When we wanted action, we went to the El San Juan or the Intercontinental or other restaurants in the city. We will definitely go back to the Isla Verde Courtyard Marriott.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Michael/Steven
<Content>A Surprising Experience! We stayed at the Courtyard by Marriott Isla Verde expecting very little and we were very pleasantly surprised. The rooms are quite large, modern and comfortable and they far exceeded ourexpectations of a Courtyard brand hotel. The hotel has several restaurants, a casino, a coffee bar, and a beautiful beach and we can very easily recommend it to our friends and family as a good bargain hotel in Puerto Rico. A tip for an evening out: go to The El San Juan Hotel just down the beach a bit for a wonderful evening in their lobby bar or casino. What a fantastic scene!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Catiesmom
<Content>A jewel in the Carribean We just returned from a very long overdue mini vacation. The hotel staff were wonderful from check in to check out. They were polite and ready to assist at any time. The pool was great and the swim-up bar a delight ( especially for my 11 year old daughter). The beach was great and even better for me because i have severe osteoarthritis in both knees. There was no real distance to manage. I really recommend this hotel. The only thing that may annoy some people is the sound of the planes. I live near an airport so it didn't bother me at all. If you can, request a room on the upper floors, even side for a great view. We cannot wait to go back.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jaclin
<Content>The best hotel bar none       view from our room 325  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gonzn
<Content>The Best Hotel I have stayed at for a long time!! I spent my birthday at the Mariott Courtyard. It was my sister's present to me after we read the reviews on TripAdvisor. It was so fantastic I cannot even beleive it. The hotel is beautiful! The rooms are clean and spacious. The staff is eager to help you in any way they can. The band that played in the Bar Picante (it was Salsa) was beyond reproach. They made you want to get on that floor. The drinks were fabulous and not expensive. The food was excellent. Did I mention the beach and pool? That was fantastic! I can only say that it would be a mistake not to stay there. It made my birthday so memorable, I will never forget it!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ellenpenn
<Content>Great Service Wonderfull Staff These guys saved my daughters destination wedding. We had guest coming from all over the US and Puerto Rico and had booked about 80 room nights at the Intercontinental. The Intercontinental turned out ot be a construction site with the pool area totally torn up. We moved our entire group to the Marriott and it was wonderful. The staff was extremely nice and very attentive. The bar is a jumping place with live music every night, the pool is great with swim up bar, almost every room is ocean view and a mile long beach is right there. Every one of our guest had a great time. We have travelled all over the world and have not had any better service anywhere. The best views are higher up in the hotel and on the even numbered side, the higher the number the closer you are to the ocean. I will definitely stay at the Courtyard Marriott Isla Verde next time we are in Puerto Rico.This is not your normal Courtyard.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ilove2travelalso
<Content>Bed bug alert!!!!!!!!!!!!! I visited this hotel10/07/06. I was excited being that it had a pool, beach, casino, lounge. but at the end of my stay I knew it was tooooo good to be true!!!! I had bed bug bites all over my body!!!!!!! When I brought it to the assistant manager's attention he told me they were fruit flies from the avocados I had!!!!!! So once I arrived to New York, I went straight to the doctor because the itching just wouldnt stop!!!! It happened to be that I was bed bug bitten!!!!!!! I am so saddened that Marriott would not stay on top of their rooms to make sure guest wouldnt have to go experience such an ordeal!!!!!! Bed Bugs Alert !!!!!!!Room 411 people beware!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>SILKSILOET
<Content>Mind Forever in P.R. My mom and I booked our trip to PR in March. We were going to celebrate her 50th birthday.Thank goodness for this site, because we were suppose to stay at the Condado Plaza. I kept checking this site and found out that the hotel was going through major renovations and just weeks before our trip we decided to stay in Isla Verde. Upon arrival, the room was not quite what we expected. The next morning after a phone call to the front desk, my mother and I were put in a room that was more like the one we saw online. The staff at this hotel was top notch! I have read so many review where visitors were put off by the lack of customer service at so many hotels. NOT THIS ONE! We booked 2 day trips at the hotel through GSI. Both our tour guides, Robert and Antonio were very well versed in the history of our sites. The night life at the hotel was great. The turn out is somewhat light during the week, as expected, but come the weekend and it comes alive! The food at the hotel was a little pricey but since this wasn't something I did everyday, it didn't mind spending the $22 for buffet. The food on the dinner buffet was great! There's a Denny's just a few blocks down the street and for mom's birthday, we hit the Metopol for authentic food. The prices here are very reasonable and the food was delicious! I had the Fiesta Cubano and it was enough for 2! The hotel is right there at the beach with hammocks between the palms. Another plus for the staff, when we got our new room, the cd player didn't work and the smoke detector was gone. When we called for maintance to come, the gentleman stood far back from the door so as to be seen from the peephole and once he came into our room, he braced the door open with the security latch and in 15 mins we had a new smoke detector and radio! The staff here aimed to please and our expectation and needs were met. It is because of service like this that my body has been stateside for 2 weeks, but my mind is still adrift in PR!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>veggggyy
<Content>much nicer than any courtyard ive seen       one side of the pool with swim up bar  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adriellesmum
<Content>A relaxing family experience. My two young children and I were accompanying my husband on a business trip.We opted for this hotel because there was no availability at the San Juan Marriott and I wanted a hotel on the beach.This has a really great beach front with surprisingly good hammocks.We booked a corner suite and the connecting king room.Both had balconies and faced the ocean.The suite was very large and had a decent sized kitchen with a full sized fridge/freezer.Apart from some cups and glasses from the bathroom,there are no utensils,plates or cutlery of any kind.We had a rental car and ended up buying plastic plates etc.bottled water and some cereal from a local Walgreens.The rooms were clean and the bathrooms adequate.This is not a luxury hotel by any means,but having a large(clean) space for the four of us to spend a week in was paramount.Not to mention the spectacular view from our balconies.The air conditioning worked well,although in the evenings my husband and I would switch ours off and open the sliding doors and sleep with the sound of the ocean.Because of the humidity everything gets very damp.Not too big a deal though.We found the staff to be helpful and polite,especially Tijuana at the front desk.If you have any problems at all with booking your rooms,ask for Tijuana,she's a miracle worker!Unfortunately,the one place where this hotel really needs improvement is in it's restaurants.The food is not acceptable and overpriced.We drove in to Old San Juan almost every evening and had some fabulous(be prepared however,pretty costly)meals.AquaViva is an absolute must for seafood lovers.It is located on one of the side streets off of the Plaza de Colon in Old San Juan.Nearby is the Parrot Club(same owners as AquaViva)another great place.All in all we found the Courtyard Isla Verde to be great value for the money.The staff were very accomodating and the Assistant Manager arranged day passes at the Ritz Carlton(2 hotels up the beach)for us when the Coutyard decided to drain and clean their pool.Have to say the Ritz Carlton Pool really is fabulous if one gets a chance to visit.It was fairly quiet when we were there,I could see that perhaps it wouldn't be quite as good during peak season.Only worth staying here if you can get a room with a view of the ocean,helps to make up for some of the things that aren't quite up to par.Definitely not a business hotel nor a hotel for young people out for a good time in PR.Just so that I won't be the only reviewer that doesn't mention the planes......outside they are pretty loud,but somehow that wasn't really a problem for us.The glass sliding doors in the rooms shut out the noise pretty successfully.Once again,because we weren't in PR during peak season,maybe there were less planes flying in and out.Certainly pretty handy getting to and from the airport.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>sfltraveler
<Content>Be prepared to relax We loved the rooms at the marriott!They were large and attractive. I am not sure why, but you will notice the carpeting and bedspreads are damp, but it wasn't a problem for us. All the staff was extremely friendly (with the exception of the gift shop). And although I was worried about being so close to the airport, the noise wasn't really bad. I am a light sleeper, so I did use earplugs at night just in case, and it was fine.I am not a gambler, but the casino seemed ample, and got quite a crowd in the evening. The nightclub have live music and dancing every evening, and we enjoyed sitting with a drink after a busy day of seeing the island.We were mostly out on the go, but did enjoy the beach and swim up pool bar our last morning. If you are going to be out sightseeing, I would recommend staying an extra day just to relax here at the hotel.The only down side I see to this hotel is that you must walk quite a distance or take a cab to go to any restaurant or hotel other than the ones on site, and the restaurants have somewhat limited selection for a very high price. We did walk to the Metropol, it was good cuban food for a reasonable price (about 10 min walk). Other than that, I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RosiNYC
<Content>Too far and little to do. My friend and I were looking forward to our first trip to Puerto Rico, after researching several hotels we decided on the Courtyard Marriott which had a decent price and walking distance. We stayed at the Courtyard from Agust 28-Sept. 1. The noise from the airport did not bother us and we slept soundly. Where do I start..... Check- in went really smoothly and we had a nice room with a view of the ocean. The room is clean and spacious, the bathroom is large yet the bathtub was moldy, had soap scum and mold starting to form on the ceiling. Our housekeeping did a wonderful job making sure we had clean towels and came to clean up the room daily. Most of the staff is nice and always had a smile. One problem I encountered was at the Banana Cafe in the lobby, the young lady was counting her cash register and we were standing in front of her waiting to be served, I did not want to disturb her since she was in the middle of counting and figured she will acknowledge us once she finishes the set of change she was counting...well she went to the next set without bothering with us. I asked her is she is going to serve us and she said just a minute meanwhile the other person working with her, passed us several times didn't bother either....Breakfast was too expensive at the hotel so we ate at Denny's most of the timeThere was a wonderful friendly hardworking young man named Marcelino who set up a chairs ($6)and umbrella ($9) and can get quite expensive, which mean 21 dollars a day. The pool was nice although we never used it since the beach is right there and beautiful to see, it is not white sand, a lot of seaweed and very sandy, I would rate it a C. and THERE ARE SAND FLEAS!!!! At first I thought I was getting bitten by mosquitoes (I am allergic, swells almost like a welt and turns red blue), which did not happen, then I thought they were bed bugs, that was not the case either, and recalling some of the reviews regarding Sand Fleas, I figured that must be it...I am not a doctor yet it is a good speculation.Since my friend and I do not drive, taxi fare was turning out to be expensive, 20 dollars (one way) to go to Plaza Las Americas which is a 10 minute cab ride. We tried to save by taking the bus to Old San Juan which was 75 cents and get a chance to see the inner barrios. The hotel is far from the nearby restaurants, and NOT walking distance as many claimed. I'm from NY and I am not afraid to walk long distances in a fast pace, yet restaurants are not close. We ate at the Oyster bar which was not that great and that the Mexican restaurant on the rooftop at the El San Juan Hotel which was reasonably price and the food was good. Some cab drivers charge you different rates as well. The cab going to El San Juan hotel charged us $5 on our way back another cab driver charged us $8....the cab ride being 3 minutes away! The cabs we used are designated for Tourists to avoid being scammed....well I can't help but wonder if this really works!The entertainment at the hotel needs improvement and for two young women on vacation, much is left to be desired. The bar Picante was very stingy with their alcohol and PR being the main distributor of Rum, they seemed very cheap and their drinks ranging from $7-10, was watered down...We were also wondering were everyone was there was no more than a handful of people in the bar it started getting better by Thursday...we assumed they were saving the rum for the weekend. Located in a quiet location, the hotel is better for business travellers and families or for those that have a car rental. Otherwise it gets expensive and the nightlife is not that great.I will not return to this hotel for vacation, it is far from most attractions and restaurants. We were looking forward to a Caribean island and found ourselves in a replica of Miami with a Burger King at every street corner. The locals are really warm and friendly and always there to help and give you information; we enjoyed talking to many of them.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	1	4	3	2	5	

<Author>craigking
<Content>Very nice stay I stayed at the Courtyard Isla Verde for a week in July 2006. The hotel is located in Isla Verde near the airport and several luxury hotel properties. It is about fifteen minutes from Condado and twenty minutes from Old San Juan. The hotel is family friendly with a very nice swimmng pool in addition to the great beach. There are several restaurants, a small casino, first rate live salsa music every night, and a concierge to help plan day trips. The rooms are well kept, but average. The entire staff is friendly and helpful. For San Juan (I've been several times), this is a good value.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Trishy86
<Content>Had A great time!!!!       beach  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>step
<Content>You can't go wrong with the Courtyard!       Very relaxing..except for the airport noise  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>knokkak
<Content>No complaints!!!!!!! I have absolutely no complaints....My daughter and I checked in with no problems, we actually were able to get into our room when we arrived at 11:00. Our room was great...CLEAN...and comfy...by the way we slept good every night. Those planes roaring overhead that I read about...never bothered us once..I cant even tell you how much they traveled over..lolThe restaurants were excellent! We also ate out in town at Metropal...the food was great!The beaches were nice.....it rained the first day but after that...the sun was out, got a great tan. Let me say this...the hotel staff at the Marriot are awesome. How many times can I say the word NICE. Every person we made contact with was extremely cordial and went out there way to make our stay great. I saw many interactions with the Marriot staff and other visitors, and the staff is extremely professional and made you feel at home. I mean you could see someone that maybe works in the pool area assisting a visitor in the bar area. The service was outstounding in every area of the resort. The hotel is in great condition and the grounds are simply lovely. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!Feel free to ask questions  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Has it all This is my third stay at the Courtyard and it is a reasonably priced hotel with ocean beach out the backdoor plus pools and casino on site. The newly updated decor of bed and bedding, made the room light and airy a nice improvement. The baloncy faced the beach front and was beautiful and relaxing sitting out at night. The service is excellent with personnel friendly and knowledgable about the area. Look forward to returning to the Couryard again soon.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome week at Courtyard in San Juan       Hammocks and palm trees  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

