<Author>ethanEngland
<Content>New Years Eve in Berlin We went to Berlin to see in the New Year. The double room was very clean and well furnished however the duvet needed to be wider with more overhang. The location was excellent with an Underground station two minutes away and Brandenburg Gate an easy twenty minute walk.The staff were very pleasant and helpful. Several restaurants are situated in the vicinity and a handful of convenient stores.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>hawhaw76
<Content>Good Value Option Just returned from a 3 night stay at HI Express. The hotel is extremely easy to access via public transport from Schoenefeld Airport (although we did walk the wrong way when leaving M枚ckernbr眉cke station...it was dark!!)All the staff at the reception were extremely helpful when we arrived. The twin room was very clean and tidy. The bathroom was supplied with shampoo  shower cream so no need to take too many toiletries. The room also had a hairdryer. The only flaw the room had was the lack of extra blankets, there was a thermostat in room to vary the temp but when you are sharing with someone who prefers to be a bit cooler at night it is always nice to have some added blankets just in case!Breakfast is included in the room price, which is excellent value, you can stock up before heading out for a day of sightseeing. Breakfast included cereals, cold meats, cheese, bread, pastries, fruit, yogurt, fruit juice, tea, coffee, hot chocolate etc.The location of the hotel is excellent as well, 10 min walk to Potsdamer Platz, Checkpoint Charlie, 15mins to Brandenburg Gate. Overall an excellent choice for anyone on a budget that wants to be close to major sights.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Petitv
<Content>Nice comfy small room but... We arrived at the hotel at 4am and wanted to check in 1 day earlier. We were told that the hotel was fully booked, however the 2 male staff assisted us to call other hotels nearby to check for availability, they even offered us hot drinks to freshen up. After 30 minutes, we were told that no rooms were available at nearby hotels too. The reception staff tried their best to assist us then finally they mntioned that a guest did not turn up and we could check in. We were so impressed with their services. The room was small but was comfortable for the 3 of us. What disppointed us was our room was not tidy up for our last 2 nights of stay and used towels were piling up in the toilet. Not too sure if the chamermaid really forgot to clean up our room!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>tamg28
<Content>Excellent Location and Value My girlfriend and I came to Berlin for her birthday and for the culture. The hotel is located within a 2min walk from Anhaltor Bahnhof (S Bahn) train station, which links you all over the city. Perfect if you plan to be hopping around the city. We actually walked from the Reichstag to this Hotel and it only took 20mins. The rooms in the hotel are really good. We had double bed and there was a sofa seat too and still plenty of room to move about in. Bathroom has a large shower which was very good (plenty hot water and pressure). The room was very warm so we kept window open a bit of the time. Maid came daily and fresh linen was provided midway through our 4 night stay.Breakfast is really good but busy. They serve from 0630 to 1030 midweek and to 1130 at weekends which is the best time scale i've ever seen. Its continental buffet breakfast with everything really fresh and plenty food on offer. You don't really queue for food but be quick if you want a cake or croissant as they go very very fast! STUDENT TIP: Make up a fresh roll with ham and such and pack it away for lunch! Bargain! Hotel staff were very frienfly and spoke excellent English. The pillows in the room are very thin so I requested two more and within minutes the guy came to the door with them.I would recommend this hotel for all ages of people looking to explore the city. I would also recommend you do the Walking Tours (www.insidertour.com). That is the guides we used and they were AMAZING! Knew so much and were really friendly. The walking tour of Berlin is a must for all first time visitors to Berlin.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>james27
<Content>Great Hotel We chose this hotel due to the reviews on trip advisor and I can confirm they are correct. We will definately stay here again if our stay is based on price.Firstly if you are planning to see all of the the sights in Berlin When you land at the Airport and go to the S Bahn station get the great value Berlin Card it will save you a fortune and the services are great day and night.Now back to the hotel check in was smooth we arrived to early to check in but there was a secure room to leave the luggage. We then walked into Potsdam Platz which was just 15 mins the memorial to European Jews was just a further 5 mins walk, the brandonburg gate was a futher one min walk and parliment was just across the square. Anyone who thinks that this hotel is out of the way is completely wrong.The S bahn links from the Alter Banhof enabled easy access to the rest of the city.The room in the hotel was clean fresh and quite, the shower was powerful. Only draw back was if you like a cup of tea bring your own tea bags as only fruit tea provided.The breakfast area again was spotless the continental breakfast was fresh and there was always plenty to go around. It never felt crowded.All in all a great place to stay with amazing value for money. We ate one night in the Australian at the sony centre and the one next door which name I cant remember they were all good though.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>John181
<Content>Super Hotel What can I say about this hotel that has not been said in the other reviews, great location within easy walking distance of Anhalter Banhof station. There is a freshness about this hotel and it's popularity was obvious when we stayed there. It was quite clear that most rooms were occupied and I am sure everyone would be of the same opinion as we were - fantastic - so good was it and our Berlin trip overall that we plan to visit this time next year and hopefully we will stay at this gem of a hotel once again.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bacodopoulus
<Content>Great Staff..... Great Hotel!!! At first thank you so much to all the staff that was perfect! All the time after me and with a lot of knoledge of the area and the city... Really professional people. About the room for the price that you are paying you cannot ask for anything else. No minibar in the room but with vending machines and ice machines as well in the reception. The night team are really really friendly. The size for the rooms are more than acceptable and just across the road 3 supermarkets and a lovely Bakershop where you can try one of the best cheese pastries of berlin... Maybe cause i didn't stop to eat this for 4 days.... lol.... Only 5 minutes to the tube station and all the transports. Lovely breakfast and again, lovely people there.... If you think the German people are cold and serious, sorry.... You never been in this hotel! Thank you so much to all of them!.... I dont remember so much the names, but the girl at the check-in( Sandra) and the guy (blond one in the afternoon shift...) were amazing.... Thank you so much to all!!! Sure im going to come back soon!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nomis07
<Content>Brilliant I can't say much about this hotel, other than it was fantastic.10 minutes walk from the city centre, the room was lovely, the staff really helpfull, the breafast was fanatstic. We enjoyed every minute in the city and in the hotel, we loved it so much we went again 2 months later.The only problem is no restaurant for dinner, but there is a lovely Italian restaurant directly opposite whose food is fantastic and super cheap.If you're going to Berlin go to this hotel, it's fantastic.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CraigDavsDec
<Content>Great basic hotel We got a good deal on this hotel through last minute.com, as we were looking for rooms taking 3 people at a low cost. The hotel was really close to Potsdamer platz and the train station. The room was ok size, there was a double bed and sofa bed for my 8 year old. The rooms were airconditioned and were kept really clean. Ideal if you are looking for somewhere to crash after days spent out in the city. The breakfast area is really big, though you might have to share a table at times as they are set out in 6 seater tables. The food was constantly replenished and juice/coffee machines kept topped up. Great feed to set you up until lunchtime :-)We are looking to go back to Berlin again next spring and it really is hard to find something this central for as good a price as this! Would def recommend.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>GeraldCharles
<Content>The Bee's Knees There is not a single bad comment that this couple of retirees can make about the hotel. Our room cost just under 鈧?00 a day to include a sustantial breakfast. The room was well appointed and very clean. The staff were helpful and pleasant. The hotel is located ideally for sightseeing, being close to the S Bahn. Transport around this enormous city is efficient and cheap. Eating places abound and good food is reasonably priced. We recommend Maximilian's on Friedrichstrasse and Ristorante DIOMIRA on Stresemannstrasse while the Deutsche Bank at Freidrichstrasse 181 do a good lunch-time snack. We will be back to continue where we left off. G  J.W. Denmark  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>The_Wee_Mawn
<Content>Excellent value - does what it says on the tin If you are like us and do not want to pay over the odds for a hotel that you will only use to sleep in, then this is the place for you. It is clean, well located and the price is not too expensive!It is just 3 minutes walk from Anhalter Banhoff U-bahn Station. This station is just one stop from Potsdamer Platz and two stops from Brandenburg gate. It is really easy to use and only 鈧? for unlimited use daily.The neighbour hood is quiet, yet only a 10 minute walk from Checkpoint Charlie!We would really recommend staying here - yes, it isn't fancy, but why would you want to spend so much time in a hotel when you come to see the city. Make sure you go on the walkng tour of Berlin - it is so much better than the bus trips - we promise!We loved Berlin and will be back!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>On_the_Road_Again06
<Content>Beware       Hotel Landscaping  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	1	1	2	

<Author>therealbridgetjones
<Content>Can't go wrong I have stayed in Express by Holiday Inn hotels before so knew what to expect.The price was good  the rooms were clean  large enough.We used public transport or walked all of the time we were there  felt that this hotel was a convenient place for everything.It is very close to rail stations  bus stops. As you might expect in germany the public transport system is very efficient. You can get a free map from the receptionists at the hotel which shows you the different train lines so that you know which station to head towards.Checkpoint Charlie, Potzdammer Platz, anhalter bahnhof are all within a comfortable walking distance. We walked to the Brandenburg Gate easily from this hotel.Breakfast was very good with plenty of food  variety.I would definitely return to this hotel for future Berlin trips.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sygnet
<Content>Quiet Location Stayed here the first weekend in July. Having stayed in their Prague hotel before we knew what to expect 鈥?no safes in the room, no extra pillows and slightly too small duvets. The room was slightly smaller than the one we had in Prague but still plenty big enough for 2 people. We arrived at lunch time on the Friday and a room was available despite it being 3 hours before check-in time. Our room was on the 4th floor at the end of the corridor and faced the inner courtyard so was very quiet at night. Had no trouble getting a table at breakfast on Saturday morning but did have to queue on Sunday. Had minimal interaction with the staff but they all seemed friendly enough and spoke English. Location was OK 鈥?about a 10 minute walk to Potsdamer Platz and 5 minutes to the S-bahn station up the road.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Globetrotter-CAN
<Content>Good location, good price The hotel is at a good location (10 min walks from one main subway station). Room is clean. The breakfast was included, which is always nice. Compared to other hotels in Berlin, this hotel is very affordable. I strongly recommend.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Jamezon
<Content>Modern hotel, decent location, good price First of all, ignore the guide price, that is a nonsense. The hotel's own walk-up rate is 60-70 euros. Great value anyway for a city centre stay but I managed to get a 2 nights for 1 deal - 65 euros for two nights! :)The hotel is relatively easy to find.It falls between three stations and is a few hundred yards from each. Is also relatively close to Potsdamer Place (Sony Centre etc.)Slightly funny smell throughout, perhaps previously smoking areas? Nothing that would put you off though. Had a double room, was very spacious. Bed (and duvet) were a little on the small side but comfortable, there was also a sofa (bed) and a desk for working (with chair).Decent sized telly (c.20inches), couple of international channels. Bathroom was clean, hairdryer and fixed toileteries included. Only downside was there was no bath but shower fine. Good multi-function air conditioning. Tea/Coffee options a bit lame, green tea, instant coffee and condensed milk only.Maid service was a joke, didn't replenish tea supplies, room untouched. Bathroom still had hairs in shower and she had just hung our dirty towels from a hook rather than replace them. Bit disappointing when everything else was nice.Continental breakfast included, selection pretty average, plenty of meat but little in the way of fruit or dairy to accompany. Fairly big hotel (250 rooms) so juices kept running out and queues for teas/coffees. Dining room set-up in a 4/6 person table configuration. Pretty dim when rooms hold 1-4 people and everyone goes for breakfast at once. Staff seemed more worried about people dirtying the tables than service, attempted in vain to close off a large section of dining room to reduce their cleaning tasks.Desk staff were ok but hardly bent over backwards. Made a request to use their printer for travel documents and ended up traipsing into an internet cafe in Berlin, even though the lobby internet in the hotel was free.All in all, great value with breakfast thrown in, staff pretty slack though which you might take offence to if service is your priority in a hotel. If the service was better, I would have definitely rated 4/5, as this was otherwise a good hotel.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	3	2	3	2	4	

<Author>Boo1
<Content>GREAT Stay       Another view  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChicaLunes
<Content>Perfect! My boyfriend and I stayed here from Friday 30th May through to Monday 2nd June.The hotel is an excellent example of the Xpress by Holiday Inn chain. It is new, clean, comfortable and friendly. Our room was perfect - lovely clean white duvets on the bed. Ample room size and fantastic breakfast! The weather was amazing that weekend - 30 degrees the whole time - so we had breakfast every day outside on the patio under an umbrella.The hotel is in a perfect location to see all the sites of East and West Berlin. Look out for the facade of a railway station near to Anhalter where thousands of Jews were deported. Wilhelmstrasse is also nearby - a street where many of the Nazis had their government buildings. Checkpoint Charlie and the Brandenburg Gate are a pleasant 20 minute walk away.All in all a perfect hotel for a great weekend in an interesting historic city!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>clive165
<Content>Great stay in a great location.       Outside hotel  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tamworth6
<Content>Excellent location and satisfactory accommodation, let down by the staff. I have stayed in many Holiday Inn Expresses, and they have all proven dependably comfortable and clean, and this Express is no different.Perhaps the biggest draw to this hotel is the location - it is on a parallel street to Friedrichstrasse (a principal shopping street), and within a kilometer from both Potsdamer Platz (central business district and transport hub), Unter Den Linden (for the Brandenburg Gate, Memorial for the Murdered Jews of Eurpoe, and the Reichstag). Anhalter S-Bahnhof is down the road in the opposite direction and is on the main north-south rail link. The Jewish Museum and Tempodrom are less than ten minutes' walk from the hotel also. The selection of restaurants in the area is however quite poor, with the exception of the two restaurants at the junction of Anhalter Strasse - Caf茅 Stresemann and particularly Cucina Italia. However, two stops away by S-Bahn is Oranienburgerstrasse which has a broad and varied selection.Within the hotel, rooms are clean and well maintained as always with tea and coffee making facilities in the rooms. The standard rooms follow the uniform plan of all other Express by Holiday Inn hotels - such as with a bathroom door which opens to enclose the toilet from the basin and shower. The rooms contain a double bed and a double sofabed. Satelite television is provided - with channels in every major European language, as well as all German terrestrial channels. The English channels are CNN, BBC World and MTV Deutschland (partially English). The staff were quite disappointing - not in their manner or professionalism but in their number: there was always a long queue and calls to reception from my room went unanswered every time. My requests were always seen to in a timely and comprehensive fashion however. Breakfast is included in every room rate. It consists of a reasonably broad range of cold food, fruit juice and tea/coffee. Cereals were sugar puffs, corn flakes and muesli; yoghurt was natural or fruit; cold cuts included slices of edam, turkey and salami. The only hot food available was hard boiled eggs. The coffee machines were of a particularly high quality and offered a broad range of caffeinated beverages. Available fruit juice was either 'multi fruit' or apple. Bread products were plentiful and the cornerstone of the breakfast offering - a wide selection including croissants and mini-doughnuts as well as seeded breads. Seating in the breakfast room is inadequate for peak times (from approximately 8:00am) so expect to share a table with other guests. This hotel has a bar, which is a rarity among Expresses, but breakfast is the only food served in this hotel.Overall this was an excellent hotel, the inadequate staffing didn't seriously affect my experience merely because I only had to deal with them once, and I would certainly stay here again in future - it is one of the few Berlin hotels with both reasonable rates and a practical location.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>cdbritten
<Content>An excellent hotel A great hotel. Clean with really friendly and helpful staff.They couldn't do enough to help us when our 11 year old came down with tonsillitis. Close to Berlin centre with a fantastic Italian restaurant 200 yds up the road towards the city centre. Reasonable walking distance from the centre and many of the sights. On top of all that the room rates were very good.No restaurant and breakfast is plentiful if basic.We'll definitely go back.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Londonlover7977
<Content>Satisfactory Chose this hotel because I wanted to be in the eastern part of the city. Took the M41 bus from the train station. The Holiday Inn is 5 stops away at the Willy Brandt House stop. Then walked one block to the hotel. There are a lot of tour groups there so breakfast is very crowded, but did not have trouble with running out of food. Our room was very small but it was clean and comfortable.Ate at the Italian restaurant across the street. Nothing special, but convenient. There really isn't anywhere else to eat in the near vicinity. There are a couple more restaurants a few blocks away.If you're out sightseeing until evening, I would eat before I went back to the hotel for the night.We paid 95EUR each night.I would stay here again if I ever go back to Berlin.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>TEK101
<Content>Great Hotel in superb location I attended a 2-day meeting at this hotel. My room was very functional and had everything I needed during my stay: Comfy bed, Flat Screen TV, Internet Access and a clean bathroom.Breakfast is free at this hotel and the quality of food was very good.The meeting room had everything we asked for (Daylight, beamer, Internet access, Coffee and tea) and we could even open the door to a nice little courtyard and get some fresh air.Staff have all been very friendly and have always greated us with a smile.Within 10 minutes walking you are at Branderburger Gate and Potsdamer Platz - superb location.Overall, I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravandJess
<Content>Decent location, decent price       Hotel front  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>YN999
<Content>Good choice We stayed three nights in the Express Berlin City Center with our six month old baby. Even the neighburhood of the The hotel seems kind of scary, it very conivinietly located in the center of Berlin. It's only three minutes walk to S-Bahn Anhalter Bahnhof or ten minutes to the quite busy Potsdamer Platz. Also there is ALDI and several imbiss/bistros around the corner.We arrived Berlin by car. Luckily we did'd spent the 14 Euro for the car park - always found a spot down in the street.I asked for a little extra bed for our baby when booking the room. And we were very happy to find that they gave us the bigger sized room and a travel cot was ready.Generally speaking, the rooms and facilities are still kind of new, but look totally similar to other Express hotel elsewhere-hence, there's no 'berlin' touch. But the rest are quite satisfactory to us.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danishcoupleDenmark
<Content>convienient hotel with own private parking Very efficient hotel if you麓re driving to berlin. Arrive in the private parking (in the basement) take the elevator straith to the reception and you麓ll be checked in - the quickest I ever experienced! They have rooms with an extra fold down couch, it seem that many families took advantage off this. If you麓re not using this - ask to have it removed as it takes up space in slightly small rooms. the rooms are nice - could do with a normal warddrobe and a safe - but nice touch with a electric kettle for coffeemaking (coffee tea etc provided) breakfast buffet nice - if you arrive early - if not some things will be finished. No refilling at least the last half hour.Nice polite staff in hotel - the service in reastaurent below general impression though. Locatet central with 3 ubahnstations nearby, and busline in front of hotel. Within walking distance to many sights  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>wicketo
<Content>Well run budget hotel, good location, good value. Just completed our second stay here. Not too much to add to the previous reviews: Got a rate of less than 35 EUR a night under the current BOGO sceme ICH is running. So value for money was virtually unbeatable. Room was very clean and well equipped for a budget place - and actually quite roomy as we had one with an extra sofa bed.Breakfast is just OK, even for a budget hotel. Something warm like in the US branches would be nice. Especially since rates rise well above 90 EUR in summer (which isn't really 'bugdet' anymore in my opinion) they could put some more effort into the whole affair.My only real complaint however would be some of the staff. They seem to be very eager to live up to the prejudice of poor service quality in Germany. Sandra from front desk is a prime example, displaying the typical grumpy 'none of this is my fault and there is nothing I can do about it - and why do you bother me in the first place?'-attitude.Other staff members are the total opposite. Heartily friendly, charming even. Like Katharina, who had us checked in in no time and then when I complained about the size of my room (newly renovated with flat screen but small) not only offered us another room right away, but gave us the keys to see for ourselves and select the one we want.Some other minor glitches like the newspaper that you have to pay for on weekends although a sign at the front desk clearly states that you get a free copy.Location, as has been said, is very good with easy connections to the bus and comuter train networks. Potsdamer Platz, the Reichstag, the Brandenburger Tor and Unter den Linden as well as Friedrichstra脽e (if you're willing to use some side streets) are all in walking distance.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	2	3	3	

<Author>KS&HC
<Content>very good location Typical Holiday Inn, which is not a bad thing as you know you are going to get a clean well run establishment with standard sized room and facilities for 3* hotel and this does all those things efficiently. Usual continental breakfast nothing to write about but it fulfills the requirement. Location and good staff are what you would stay here for. Not too far a walk to checkpoint charlie and the remains of the wall and only a little further to the city centre. Well if there is such as thing as a city centre in Berlin as it is quite unlike some major cities in that respect. Lots of vacant lots ready for building on all over the city detracts when compared to Rome, Paris etc but interesting nevertheless.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>shellienic
<Content>Fantastic for a Weekend Break in Berlin We stayed here on a short 2 night break in Berlin. We travelled with an 8 year old. We booked directly with a hotel and received a reasonable rate for 3 of us (double bed, and sofa bed for the child) which also included continental buffet-style breakfast.Location wise it is excellent. Just a 5 min walk from 2 U/S-Bahn stations. The best being Anhalter Bahnhof (with connections to Freidrichstrasse and Alexanderplatz) and also Mockernbrucke with connections via Warschaucher Strasse to Alexanderplatz, HauptBahnhof or Schonefeld Airport.The hotel is quite modern, and well furnished. The bathroom also had a fairly powerful shower (which I like). The room was simple, but enough for our stay and did include tea/coffee making facilities in the room.There is internet access available in the room if you have your own laptop, and there is a single computer with internet access in the lobby area.The staff are very helpful and friendly, and they speak very good english.Rooms are cleaned daily, but it is advisable to put a Do Not Disturb sign on your door if you want a lie in. They start cleaning as early as 8am.Breakfast consists of bread rolls, croissants, doughnuts, cheese  meat, cereals, boiled eggs, and also choice of fruit juice and tea/coffee options. It does get pretty busy for breakfast and can be hard to grab a seat.Overall an ideal base, friendly, and comfortable. I've stayed here 3 times, and would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>apulanta
<Content>Perfect stay I stayed with my wife at the Holiday Inn Express Berlin Center for two nights at the end of January 2008. We found an excellent rate of 49 euros/room, breakfast included. I can just say that we were extremely happy with our stay! Everything was perfect: nice and clean room and good breakfast. But the best thing was the location of the hotel: 5 minutes walk from S-Bahn and U-Bahn station and 15 minutes walk to Potsdamer Platz and Checkpoint Charlie.We fell in love with Berlin and we will be back for sure, and we will be staying again at the Holiday Inn Express!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jcjchung
<Content>Great Berlin Hotel I recently stayed at this hotel for 5 nights.This hotel is great value for Berlin. The rooms were modern, clean and good sized for an European 3 star hotel. As a single, they will always give you a twin or double. Unlike many European hotels of the same class which will often give you a tiny room with just a single bed.The hotel is centrally located. The bed was comforatble. Continental breakffast was included in the hotel price. Free and reliable high speed internet available in everyroom. The reverse cycle air-con was reliable and kept me warm. I would recommend this hotel to others coming to Berlin. Its one of the best 3 star hotels I have ever stayed in. One major down side is there is no room service or restaurant serving lunch/ dinner at the hotel. However, there is a great little italian place opposite the hotel. Good menu, yummy food and extremely well priced. There is also an ALDI supermarket and parmacy 100metres away where you are equip yourself.There is also no in room iron, had to ask for it and it came within 5 mins so it was not a problem. Im also not a fan of the body soap and shampoo, 2 in 1 provided through a dispenser in the bath room. They should provide real toiletries. Overall, it was a nice hotel to stay in and extremely good value for money.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>killieblonde
<Content>great hotel, fab place i have just returned from this hotel with my partner, after a short weekend visit to Berlin. We had a fantastic time and would definately recommend this hotel and city to anyone.We booked a couple of months in advance and got a really good rate with a buffet breakfast included in the price, which was great. Its a continental breakfast but plenty of it and its served till 1030am midweek and 1130am weekends. The bar is open till 0100am.The hotel is about a 3-4min walk to nearest u-bahn which is so easy to use and only costs 2,10 euros pp and the ticket lasts 2hours. So you can go all over Berlin for that time duration. About 7-8mins walk is Potsdamer Platz with shops, bars and restaurants. The main s-bahn railway station is 3 stops away and from there you can transfer to anywhere in and around Berlin.We recommend the Blockhouse Restaurants if you like a good steak - but they do other dishes too, and you can ask for a menu in English. We also went to Cancun which is a mexican restaurant and bar, that was great too - a huge menu, also in English if you ask.We were only in Berlin for 2 days and it really wasn't long enough. You could easily stay for a week and not be bored in the slightest. There is so much to see and do, and photo opportunities on every corner.The hotel was well worth the cost, we didn't have to ask for anything. Very clean . The only down would be their bar is not very well stocked and quite dear - but all hotel bars are.Overall a great weekend and would highly recommend it!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gaelflyer
<Content>good hotel The Holiday Inn Express is a good 3 star hotel with rooms in good condition and everything working. It is located at Stressemanstrasse which is a good, if not quite perfect, location, with the S-Bahn station providing easy access to other parts of Berlin. We stayed at the New Year, when prices were higher, but the regular January rate for this hotel is good value.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>blairb366
<Content>Good value for Berlin! We stayed at this hotel in October 2007 for three nights. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly, the rooms were modern and clean, and the free breakfast was plentiful, but not great. They also had one computer terminal with free internet access in the lobby area. For the price, this was a very good hotel, however the location is not near Ku'damm (or tourist) area, but closer to Checkpoint Charlie, the Topographie de Terrors and the City Center. It is approximately a 5 minute walk to the nearest S-bahn and 10-15 minute walk to a number of metro stations, so you can easily get to wherever you need to in the city. You can also take the M41 bus directly to and from the main train station. The only negative was the number of tour groups that stayed here most nights. It made the breakfast area pretty crowded some mornings but that was not really a problem.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DaisyMac
<Content>Good value - recommended! My sister and stayed here on a trip to take in the Christmas Markets in Berlin. We got a very good rate for our 3 nights and found out twin room comfortable and clean. Breakfast was included and was definitely well above average for this type of hotel with plenty of cereals, juices, breads, and cold meats, eggs and cheese. It also had plenty of coffee choices (espresso, cappucino, lattes) which makes a nice change. By the way other than breakfast, we did all our eating at the Christmas markets, because the food was really fantastic!!Hotel location was really excellent - Anhalter Bahnhof is just 5mins walk and we found the U-Bahn/S-Bahn system very easy to use. We bought a 3-day ticket which worked out at very good value and made travelling very convenient. The vacant lot next to the hotel is a bit off-putting at first, but we felt safe coming back from the station at various times. As for the Christmas markets, well we really enjoyed them. Berlin has a huge variety of markets - we visited around 8 of them and, as well as the city centre ones, we also recommend taking a trip out to Spandau. We also had time to take in quite few of Berlins WW2 sites many of which are close to the hotel (Checkpoint Charlie, Topography of Terror, etc). We also took a trip out to Potsdam - we highly recommend this if you have the time (particularly in good weather), as the palaces are breathtaking.All in all, both Berlin and The Express by Holiday come highly recommended for a low-cost weekend break, especially at Christmas!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Margrove
<Content>Reliable Located on Stressmanstrasse, 10 minutes walk from Potsdamer Platz. Very good location for all the sights. Rooms clean,bright  comfortable albeit a bit on the small side. Breakfast good with plenty of choice. Reception efficient, Bar welcoming. Good value for money. I have stayed here twice and will always return here to stay when visiting Berlin.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>km9165
<Content>Great location       We had a great view  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Plexy
<Content>Great choice. This is a perfect solution for a short or medium stay in Berlin, one of the best compromises between cost and benefits.The hotel il located 800 mt. walk from Potsdamer Platz one of the centers of this multifaced capital. The area is safe and quiet, some restaurants close by, but no highlights.The room was clean and confortable eventhought a little small, still sufficient for a week period, the walls are well insonorized and there is very little noise you can ear from the road. Just one suggestion: ask for a twin bed room, the double size bed is in reality a 1 and 1/2 size and is not possible to sleep in two on such small bed.Breakfast is very good, you may experience some temporary shortage of food in presence of large organized groups.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>allyboy
<Content>great hotel and location       Holiday Inn Express, Berlin City Centre  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WestCoastKramer
<Content>Good  We spent 5 nights here on a recent trip to Berlin. The Good: Location is great, short walk to Potsdamer Platz  nearby S/U-Bahn stations etc. Room (1st floor) was OK. Housekeeping was excellent  the hotel in general was very neat/clean. Staff were friendly  helpful. Car parking was 鈧?4 per night in the secure underground car park. Great selection at breakfast with plenty of everything available. No real complaints on anything above.The Bad:NO WiFi access available despite claims (still) on their website. We would NOT have stayed there if we knew this was unavailable.Broadband was, apparently, available in room at a cost of 鈧? per hour! It's no wonder they scrapped their WiFi service - make more money charging for it! In a $200 per night hotel, in 2007, in a majortechnological European city, WiFi should be available AS ADVERTISED. Very angry about this.Air Conditioning: NONE. It wasn't the warmest weather ever but I needa cool room to sleep in  cool our room was not :( Sure, the AC fan worked occassionally but no cool air flowed from the vent. Some days,the fan didn't even work. Again, AC is something I always look for when booking  wouldn't have stayed there if they said the AC didn't work.Couple of smaller niggles too - asked in reception on our first nightfor a UK adapter but they didn't have any saying they'd all been stolen by guests. It's the first hotel we've stayed in that didn't have an adapter. Our booking confirmation also mentioned our free daily newspaper but staff said we would have to pay for it. Needless to say, we didn't.So, a good enough hotel in a good location with nice enough staff but very angry about the lack of AC  Wifi having spent $1000 for 5 nights.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>ssbikeman
<Content>the land of broken toys We stayed here 6 days. When we 1st checked in, the shower in our room was broken, we told managment about it and they had it fixed within 24 hours, which is 23.5 more hours than I would have expected. Also, we were told there was free wireless internet in the lobby. That was true for the 1st two days. One the 3rd night, we were given 3 different answers about why it didnt work, they lied to us and were rude. On the 4th night, we came back to our room and it was too warm, we found that the air conditioning was broken. Fortunately, the window opended so we could cool off. however, we were on the 3rd story, so if you have children, keep them away from the windows. Also, it was really loud outside, drunk people screming all night which made us close our window and deal with the heat, a no win situation. we would not reccomend this hotel to anyone unless you are geting an incredible rate, like almost free.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>MickyPa
<Content>Fantastic No Frills Hotel!! We just got back from a wonderful vacation in Berlin and the Holiday Inn Express was the perfect choice for our stay! It is situated 12 minutes from Potsdamer Platz, 15 minutes from Checkpoint Charlie and around 25 from the Brandenburg Gate. The room was small, but, very clean and had all of the amenities. The breakfast buffet had a great selection of food, but, best of all, it had fresh German Bread and all the cappuccino you could drink! The staff did a great job attending to the buffet. The front desk attendants were wonderful also! They gave us quite a few tips, directions etc.As far as the previous guest from Sydney, your first room was obviously a Handicapped room. In regards to the TV, I'm sorry that Germany doesn't speak more English for you. Just out of curiosity, did you fly from Australia, just to watch television?  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>surlaw888
<Content>Disappointed I felt like I was staying in a completely different place to everyone else who has reviewed this hotel. So much so, I repeatedly checked the address of this hotel against everyone鈥檚 reviews. Alas, I was staying at the right place, but my experience was far from excellent. This is a well-located no frills hotel best used as a base to explore Berlin, but is confused as to who its market actually is (what it is doing advertising its business credentials when it has no business facilities, I do not understand). Everything was barely average 鈥?rooms, breakfast, service, cleanliness etc. etc. etc. During my 3 night stay, the hotel was at capacity 鈥?maybe explaining the deterioration in quality from that experienced by previous reviewers. There were always long queues at reception and only 1 person to deal with the queries. The staff throughout the hotel appeared harried and stressed. Our initial room was reminiscent of a hospital room. We asked to change rooms the second night as the first room was too eerie 鈥?I half expected to see hospital orderlies coming in and there was a nurse call button in our room. Our second room was an improvement. For a hotel that is only apparently 2 years old, the furnishings look worn. There are the bare basics in each room 鈥?bed/ desk/ chair and a small open wardrobe. I agree with a previous reviewer 鈥?the bathrooms are strange. Our first room had an 鈥榦pen plan鈥?bathroom with no barrier at all around the shower!!! (very large flood occurred). Housekeeping was not up to standard. Stray hair left behind in the bathroom from previous occupants is not a good look. There was a continental breakfast buffet that would have been ok, had it not been so overcrowded that there was actually food available. The staff seemed to be having difficulty keeping up with demand. On the 3 mornings there, there were always groups of people gathered around the empty bread basket ready to pounce like vultures when the bread actually arrived. There is 1 internet console in the 鈥榖usiness鈥?corner in the internet but it was impossible to actually use it. There is no wireless facility in this hotel. Unless you speak German, TV viewing is limited unless you pay for digital TV. For English speakers, there was the choice of CNN and Eurosport. They advertised BBC world, but we were unable to get a signal as the TV was analogue and BBC world has gone digital. If you want a budget no-frills hotel, with a good location to sight-see, stay here 鈥?but I suspect you could do better for your $$$ elsewhere in Berlin.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Zurich-Schweiz
<Content>Excellent option Stayed there in August 2007.As a good value, clean, well-located base for a trip to Berlin this hotel is hard to beat. 2 U-Bahn stations within 300m, 15 minutes stroll to Potsdamer Platz, friendly, helpful staff.If you want luxury go somewhere else but on a price / performance basis (particularly with an advance booking) this hotel represents an excellent option.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Smudger0122
<Content>Clean Modern Hotel       Advent Shop Front  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>welshgirl
<Content>fabulous value really great hotel within walking distance of all the sightsgreat breakfast with plenty of choice takes about 5 mins to walk to the nearest s bahn anhalter banhof and only 10/15 mins walk to the brandenburg gate there is a great restaurant opposite the hotel with a lovely outside seating area and really reasonable priced menualso just opposite the s bahn anhalter banhof is a really lovely italian restaurant again reasonably priced.the hotel itself has a small bar area that serves great beer at great prices for a hotel.the staff are all lovely and very helpful beds were comfy and there was no noise at night  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DisneyParis
<Content>Comfortable and convenient My friend and I stayed in Room 655 on the first of ten nights in Europe. We were very tired after several flight delays and arrived at about 8 pm. The two at the check-in desk were very friendly and professional. The young man recommended a real German restaurant down the street and to the right, but when we visited it, we could see the clouds of smoke so we didn't go in. It will be nice when Germany joins the majority of Europe and bans smoking inside. Our room was on the top floor, at the end of the hall, and in a corner. The view from the room was nasty-a fenced in building with standing water all around. The area was being updated and will probably contain more glass and steel in the coming years. All in all, the area was very safe, and we had no problem walking around, even after it finally got dark after 10 pm. The room had two twin beds, a/c, a tv, desk, etc. (typical Holiday Inn Express but smaller than in US but good size for Europe) The bathroom layout was weird. The bathroom was divided in 3 sections: the toilet area, the shower, and the area around the sink. There was only one door so the entire bathroom was closed or just the toilet section as the door swivelled from one to the other. The strange thing was the frosted window between the shower and the toilet parts. There was no privacy if one was on the toilet and someone needed to shower or use the sink. I guess ditto if one wanted to take a shower and others wanted to use the toilet? That was about the only negative of the room. I thought the hotel was mostly empty until we went to breakfast the next morning. There were several tables in 2 (maybe 3 I forget) rooms. Cheese, meats, breads, boiled eggs, coffee/tea, and similar were available and plenty for breakfast. It appeared that restocking was done continously. I like the strong European coffee and filled my cup up with Expresso (it took 4 times since you only get an ounce or two at a time) My friend had the American strength coffee, which could be acquired with one push of the coffee machine, and said it was good. As at all Holiday Inn Expresses, breakfast was included with the room. After we had found our room and freshened up, we went walking. The guy at the front desk provided decent directions since I did not have a German or Berlin travel book. We walked to Checkpoint Charlie and then into old East Berlin. It was hard to believe that just 18 years ago, there was a wall, armed military, etc., but today, one can just walk by and see everything. There seemed to be a lot of newness on the former East Berlin side. The were some new facades on some of the older buildings. We walked back to the former wall location (there are double bricks which make a path where the wall was). There is one area near the Brandenburg Gate where some of the wall still remains. There is also an interesting memorial that appears to be hundreds of unmarked, above ground graves. The area around the gate was spectacular. We flew from Venice to Berlin on the worst and scariest flight ever-TUIfly airlines. Avoid unless you like thrill rides. We sat on the tarmac 20-30 minutes in a pounding rain/wind storm and then took off into the storm after in moved past the Venice airport. Arriving at Tegel (the primary airport for US and western European airlines) was easy. Per the hotel's recommendations, we took the bus to the main train station area and then changed for the bus that dropped us off 200 meters from the hotel. The ticket costs 2.10 euros. Take the TXL bus to Hautbahnoff and change to the M41 (direction Sonnenallee) until Anhalte Bahnoff. When getting off the bus, head forward (the same direction the bus was heading at the stop). There were many trees, and the hotel wasn't visible right away. When we left the next morning, we walked back to the same area but crossed the street and saw the bus stop about 20 meters ahead. We flew Easy Jet from Berlin Schonefeld (the old East Berlin airport) to Tallinn, Estonia. Great flight and no complaints. You can tell the difference between Tegel and Schonefeld (west versus east)..We changed at the Hautbahnoff stop for a train (S something), and the cost was the same: 2.10 euros. To sum up about the hotel, except for the bathroom layout, I thought it was great. The room was spotless, the area we were in was very quiet, the people at the front desk and those in the breakfast area all seemed nice and professional. There was free internet access in the lobby, but it wasn't available when I needed it so I never used it. I'm glad we were on the top floor in the corner because it was probably noisier in the areas where all of those on tour busses were staying. I would definitely stay there again and think the location for the price is unbeatable (even though I stayed free with Reward Points, the prices I saw were very decent). Enjoy the history of such a wonderful city and stay near the center!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Westontravels
<Content>Very Good Value Arrived back from a 2 day stay in Berlin. The room (for 4) was comfortable for my wife and 2 children. Very clean. Front Desk was overall very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was delicious with an excellent variety and a great value as I also visited Prague, Oswiecim (Auschwitz) ,Munich, and Paris. With the exception of the Tulip Inn (Prague) no other compared favorably as far as value. Liked the free internet access in the lobby.Walking distance to Checkpoint Charlie, Potsdamer Platz . Safe area. If staying in Berlin, definitely look this hotel up for value. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pchTexas
<Content>great breakfast! Great location to Anhalter Bahn subway stop (1/4 mile) and Potsdamer Platz (3/4 mile). Nice walk to Checkpoint Charlie and plenty of restaurants around. Staff very helpful and the breakfast was great. Room typical smallish European, but we didn't go to Berlin to stay in the hotel! Highly recommend, and take the subway--it's easy and quick.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pfz
<Content>Value for money, slightly out of the way Basic value for money hotel. Room small but adequate. Front desk staff reasonably helpful but they seem overworked. More businesslike than friendly.Breakfast choice adequate but dining room was small relative to the number of guests. Only quibble was the lifts - often quite full and could be a long wait.It is a 10 min walk to Potzdammer Platz so not as central as some other hotels. But it is a fairly priced clean hotel room for a couple of nights.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>kb1977
<Content>Excellent value, excellent location Most has already been said, but this really is a good clean modern hotel in a great location at a great price. Plenty of choice at breakfast and great service from staff. Ate at the Argentinian/Mexican Steakhaus twice and the tapas was to die for. Little extras such as kettle in room, left luggage facilities and free internet all great.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>kspace
<Content>Good no-frills hotel for great price Had stayed in other Holiday Inn Expresses around the world so this was a safe choice on a business trip. The 2-way closing door in the bathroom is a cool trick which was also there in the Hong Kong edition of this hotel.Most of what needs to be said has already been said - wide breakfast choice (although after 7 days I was getting a bit tired of it - some hot cooked food would be good!), clean basic rooms, no wardrobe door was a bit too minimalist but didn't bother me.My shower has a still so no problems with water leakage out.Short walk to the nearest S-Bahn but found it more useful to travel by U-Bahn so a slightly longer 15 min walk to either Potsdamer Platx or Mendelssohn Park. Concierge was helpful enough to suggest the direct U-bahn train with short bus shuttle to Schoenfield airport on my departure.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	3	3	

<Author>ProfessorDoctor
<Content>At this hotel double-bookings occur, and they just transfer you to another! I booked two nights' accommodation for a group of 30 people from South Africa, more than 4 months in advance. Six days before we were due to arrive there, I got a call from them, saying they unfortunately had made a double booking. They proposed a transfer to another hotel, but now we would have to stay in an hotel in East Berling, 15 kilometers away! For this inconvenience the group would receive a discount of 3 Euro and a free drink per person! When I declined, a gentleman from the hotel phoned me, to say that, no matter what we do, there will not be place for us in the hotel, and he adamantly added that they can not give us any more discount. In the end I had to accept unwillingly, knowing that quite a few members of the group, flighing on their own, will not even know that there had been a change regarding the hotel in Berlin, because they had left already on their trip.No matter how long you book this hotel in advance, you can never be sure if your room will be indeed available. Stay away!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fsufan
<Content>Convenient location, clean rooms       room  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>FussySaffa
<Content>Value for Money Berlin is an incredibly interesting and multi-faceted city to explore - and this hotel is a great base to do this from. It is not in the most central location, but then again, no hotel would be, as the city is so spread out. Potsdamer Platz is a 10-15 minute walk up Stresemannstrasse, Anhalter Bahnhof is a few 100 metres (from the hotel) on the same road.The hotel itself is clean, the rooms are big enough, double glazing takes care of any traffic noise and the walls seemed thick enough to shield us from the people next door. Breakfast was great (+civilised times) and was constantly being replenished. I am a very fussy traveller, so believe me when I say that this hotel is fantastic value for money and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>JudyHampshire
<Content>Fantastic! Booked via hotel's website at a pe-paid very good rate 44 euros first night next three 70 euros per night. Room was spotless and comfortable, I have stayed in hotels three times the price which were not as good. Excellent breakfast selection.. staff always topped up the selection right till the last moment and the hotel was full. Wonderful location 10 mins from Potsdamer Platz and Checkpoint Charlie and a station just down the road which took you to Potsdam in about 35min for 2.70 Euros!!!!!! What value.Restaurant across the road 'Diorama' was fabulous, staff friendly food very good and the prices were so cheap it was unbelievable. Ate there every night and it was always full of mainly locals but I think tourists are catching on. On our last two evenings we were given complimentary Amaretto!!! That does not happen at out local favourite restaurant where you pay treble the price for food not as good!!!!!Berlin is great - a beautiful city with welcoming people. I feel sure I will return and would stay at the same hotel without hesitation and certainly visit the same restaurant. .  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ailidh
<Content>Fit for purpose! Once I got used to the absence of wardrobe door (!) I loved the room at the HIE AB. My single rate booking (E74 pn) gave me a queen sized bed that was the most comfortable I've slept on in a long time! The room smelt a bit smokey when I went in (had asked for non-smoker but there were ashtrays on the desk and in the bathroom) but that soon cleared when the window was opened. Good air-conditioning too. The reception staff were friendly, the breakfast staff very efficient. Excellent quality coffee and plenty breads, cheese and meats.I loved the minimalness of the room - it certainly made me keep things tidy! It was well cleaned every day, although the carpet had old stains on it and the walls a bit grubby. It was good to have the little kettle too. And I loved the quirky 2-way closing bathroom door. It's not a hotel to rave over - no bells and whistles - but clean, comfortable and affordable accommodation close to the U-bahn. Like I say, it was more than fit for purpose and I'd happily stay there again.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Khandelwal
<Content>Nice hotel near the Center stayed there for a night, nice hotel to relax, 74 eurosa night inclusive of breakfast for a 14 day advance purchasewalking distance to Potsdamer Platz, could not explore other places nearby due to time constraint.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>elcin
<Content>Excellent Accommodation!       Bathroom  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MissouriBeadgirl
<Content>Nice stay! We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Berlin for 3 nights. The hotel was very clean. The room was small but for the little amount of time we were there it was perfect. We got a great price. The breakfast was more than enough as well. The room was non-smoking and it was very quiet. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>planethopper
<Content>Lives up to its reputation Stayed here at the beginning of March, very impressed at the value for money, location and high standard. The hotel is very new and the rooms are well designed. A nice touch was the free fruit in the lobby that you could help yourself to, there is internet in room but fair easier to come down to the lounge/lobby and logon to the free internet station or bring your laptop down and logon to wireless-both free. Breakfast was buffet continental style. Staff were friendly and efficient. One of the best things was location, Anholter Banhof 3-4 mins walk and as this station has lifts direct to the platform no lugging luggage down stairs. Only about a 5 min ride to the centre of the city. Overall don`t think we could have done better.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Jan05
<Content>Great location Great hotel - spotlessly clean. Breakfast delicious and plentiful. As other reviews noted the Italian across the road from the hotel doesn't look much from the outside but is friendly and excellent value for money. Didn't really enjoy the city of Berlin - there are many more attractive cities to visit.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCN4
<Content>Great stay at the Express by Holiday Inn Another big thank you to all you trip advisor reviewers. After reading the write ups about this hotel I decided to book five nights here, via the hotel website (as recommended on previous reviews). My husband and me stayed here at the end of Feb/beginning of March and we were well pleased with the hotel.As recommended on previous reviews, we booked through the hotel website and got a rate of 51 euros per night. We booked a room described as having a queen sized bed and sofa bed included. The bed was a double bed and I agree with other comments that the pillows are not comfortable, but I found our room and the hotel to be really clean; it was serviced every day and it was well heated (so much so that we slept with the windows open!). There was tea and coffee making facilities and a good hairdryer and dove/lux soap/shower and hair gel. There isn't very much storage space, although I found the room size adequate, and we simply lived out of our suitcases, but there is so much to see and do in Berlin, we didn't spend too much time in the hotel. We found the breakfast to be really good: fresh bread rolls and bread for toasting (toaster provided), croissants, plain yoghurt, flavoured yoghurt, Kellogs cereals, milk, philadelphia cheese, butter, margarine, honey, approx 6 different types of jam, boiled eggs, hard cheese slices and meat slices. And of course, orange juice, cold water, tea and coffee. The food was replenished regularly and tables cleared quickly by staff - who were all very helpful. Again, this area was kept really clean and you could sit here in the evening if you wanted a drink from the bar and the seating area was busy.Using the advice on trip advisor, we took the express train from Shoenefeld and changed at Friederichstrasse (when you get off the express at this station, go right down to the bottom platform and look for the S1, S2, and S25 platform - you won't have to wait long). You only have 3 stops - get off at Anhalter and when you leave the station have the restaurants on the corners at the traffic lights on your left hand side and walk forward about 300ms. The hotel is on the rh side. When we did this, the cost of travel was 2 euro and 10 cents each! Much cheaper than a taxi. For eating out, we took advice from previous reviews and tried the Steakhaus and the italian restaurant Marinelli - I can confirm the positive comments - very good food, good service and reasonably priced. We ate in both places twice. We also met another couple who were staying in the hotel and who had also read the trip advisor reviews, firstly in the Steakhaus and the next night in the Italian - so we joined them in the Italian and thoroughly enjoyed the evening with them. I'm not sure what else to add about the hotel - other than I was a bit worried about some of the comments about smoking as I hate the smell of smoke but I'm glad to say it wasn't an issue. I didn't smell it in our room (which was a non smoking room) or in the hotel.I would love to go back to Berlin as we didn't get to see everything we wanted to.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pinky_and_Brain
<Content>Good prices, nice location Considering the low prices for this place (around 40-50 euros per night if you book on the hotel website) and the central location it's really a bargain and good value for money.Rooms, bathrooms and breakfast area is all large in size (for European standards anyway) and all areas are very clean. Check in was fast and without any issues. I made some special requests which were all granted without complaint...this included having to check out a day early due to a change in schedule, yet I didn't have to pay for the night I had booked but couldn't stay.The metro (tube, subway) stop (Anhalter bahnhof) is less than a minute's walk away (it will take you to the central areas within 10-15 min) and there are local restaurants and supermarkets on the same road as the hotel which all have local (i.e. non tourist) prices.I really couldn't fault the place and would recommend it to anyone both for its location and very good prices.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>BayernJane
<Content>Very accomodating hotel... This hotel was perfect. Unbeatable price, wonderful location (walking distance to Checkpoint Charlie, Potsdamerplatz, Alexanderplatz...), very clean, comfortable, decently sized rooms, and good breakfast selection. Best of all was the amiability of the staff. Everyone I encountered spoke English and was eager to help. We asked for a baby bed at 11pm when my daughter refused to sleep in my bed - within 10 minutes it was brought into the room, complete with sheets, baby-sized comforter, pillow and extra towels. The maid even folded my clothes and left them in a neat pile on the bed when making up the room!I will absolutely be staying in this hotel on subsequent visits to Berlin, and actively seeking out others in the chain in other European cities!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EMHK
<Content>Didn't want to leave I had my doubts about staying here for four days while my husband, parents and I toured Berlin and visited my sister. The photos were ok, the reviews mixed, but the price was right so we all went with it. It was by far the best choice for all of us! The room cost 45 euros (about $60) and was impeccably clean, modern and large. Breakfast was definitely the selling point. Fresh baked croissants and German bread, exotic fruits, three coffee machines that made anything from drip to cappuccino, fresh cheese and butter, and a number of juices to name a few of the many things. It was also very centrally located to the bus and S-bahn and within walking distance of Potsdamer Platz. All the staff at the front desk spoke English very well. They were also accomodating and polite. The breakfast staff were also polite and noninvasive when they attempted to take our plates, though I'm not exact on their English proficiency. We will all be returning to the Express Anhalter Bahnhof when we visit Berlin again.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Lancer65
<Content>Great Value Holliday Inn Express Berlin is very near to Potsdamer Platz and a short walk from Checkpoint Charlie, The Brandenburg Gate and the Reichstag.We flew from Bristol to Schoenfeld Airport, this is some distance from The hotel and getting the right train can be confusing.A Taxi would be expensive so would advise trying the train, S Bahn or U Bahn remember to get a ticket from the automatic ticket machine in the underpass this is a touch screen, select English Lang, fare about 2.5 Euro.Changing at Friedrich Strasse and getting off at Anhalter Bahnoff turn right after leaving the (S) Bahn walk up Sressmann Stasse the hotel is on your right.The room was excellent best nights sleep for age鈥檚 very comfortable beds, not much storage space in the rooms, bathroom was excellent.Breakfast normal European fare and plenty of it, for evening meals we found a very good restaurant in Wilhelm Strasse, cross the road from the hotel turn first right Headmann Strasse and then first left and the restaurant was on the right (Argentinean).Surprisingly there are far to many Italian pizza restaurants in Berlin, we went in December for the Christmas markets and there was a total of 69 of these to choose from, take a tour bus around Berlin it is well worth the trip.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Getupandgotoday
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed here at the end of November 06 and found the hotel to be clean, comfortable and in good location. Have stayed in Berlin 4 times and this hotel represents the best value for money with its inclusive breakfast. Only 5 minute walk to the Anhalter-Bahnhof s-bahn so easy to get around the city as Berlin is spread out over a wide area anyway. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dan_chilly
<Content>Fantastic value Just returned from a fantastic weekend in Berlin; it was my fifth visit in two years and I cannot get enough of the city, an absolutely phenomenal city. I've stayed in different hotels on each visit, and this was probably the best. Upon arriving early, our rooms weren't ready but we were told to help ourselves to coffee and pastries from the breakfast buffet, and the receptionist would ask housekeeping to ensure our rooms were made ready ASAP, which they were after ten minutes. Very good rooms, clean, quiet. Plentiful breakfast the next morning, lots of pastries, breads, cold meats etc etc...Great location, only a ten minute walk from Potsdamer Platz, Checkpoint Charlie etc, and also a short walk from Anhalter Bahnhof S-Bahn station, giving easy access to the rest of the city.And I can reiterate the comments from previous guests; try 'Diomira', the Italian restaurant opposite the hotel- doesn't look much from the outside, but offers great food and extremely good value (three mains, three desserts, bottle of wine and coffees came to 45 euros in total- can't go wrong really!). Give it a go. It was packed when we were there, mainly with locals, which is always a good sign.One last thing- if you're in a tourist tack mood, try the 'Bavarium' restaurant in the Europa Centre, a kitsch mock up of a German beer cellar/restaurant, very tacky but great food, great service and great beers. All in all, a great hotel in a superb city. Go.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>goonerific
<Content>excellent hotel,great value just back from a 2 night stay in berlin and had to post a review of this great hotel. booked the hotel via the holiday inn website and got a great rate of 鈧?4 per night(advance purchase),i have stayed in holiday inn's before and knew what to expect and was'nt dissapointed, clean room, nice decor, friendly staff and good service. this hotel is perfectly placed for sightseeing in berlin,potsdamer platz is only 10 minute walk away,another 10 minutes will get you to the brandenberg gate or as numerous others have mentioned you can hop on the s-bahn at anhalter bahnhof which is only a 5 minute walk from the hotel and the city is yours to explore(and it's cheap!). we were lucky enough to be there for all the christmas markets and the atmosphere was amazing, would definitely recommend december as a good time to go if you like the christmas buzz. already planning my next visit to berlin and will definitely be staying in the express by holiday inn again.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mr&MrsC.I.A
<Content>Excellent!!! We stayed at this hotel for two nights in December. We got an excellent price 拢35 per night, but due to the price being so low were a bit dubious, as to the state and condition of the hotel. We need not have worried as the hotel was first class! The rooms were clean and had modern decore. The bathroom had 2 show gel dispensers, with Dove  Lux shower gels. The bathroom door was strange. It was on an axis, so that you could shut the whole bathroom off, or just the toilet, (if someone wanted a shower) but with just a glass partition, you would be able to see each other - so why shut the door??The rooms had all the usual stuff you expect including a hairdryer. The location is fairly good right near a tube stop. There is a great steakhouse just down the road, (turn right out of the hotel and around the corner) it is really cheap, and seems to have slashed their prices. I would use the tube to get to your hotel rather than a taxi, it was only 2 EUR per person, and really easy to work out.Breakfast in the morning is continental, and a great spread of cheese, ham, bread and pastries. Not too bad as we only stayed two nights, but any longer and i'm sure it gets boring fast.The only downside (which is not much) is the view out of one of the windows (we had three rooms) 2 rooms overlooked a courtyard garden (not so bad) but the other opened on a scabby 'no-mans land' type place. Bit of an eye sore, but didn't affect our enjoyment.Overal, it is a really good hotel (especially for the price we got!) I would not hesitate to stop here again or recommend to friends!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelAdvisorNo.1
<Content>Loved It! This hotel WAS GREAT. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are tidy, the bathroom is big as the bedroom. Nice view, near the city centre. Breakfast is delicious, you can have anything in any quantity you want.I'd recommend it to anyone - from families, to students.Have fun if you go there!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gl0betrotter
<Content>an excellent value A nice hotel in a location that鈥檚 close to all the essential sights in Berlin and a great value for your money. The no-frills look and feel of the building and the rooms may seem cold to some, but I think it fits nicely to the utilitarian atmosphere of the city. And more importantly, the rooms were absolutely clean, and it was equipped with all the essentials, which usually lack in other hotels of that price point. The breakfast, however, was nothing to write home about; nevertheless, considering that you鈥檙e paying 79 Euros per night at a 3 star hotel in the capital city, we were all too happy to devour the oversized croissants and the watered down 鈥榤ilchkaffees鈥?Also, the staff is extremely friendly and are quite accommodating to all your questions and needs.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Camjar
<Content>Excellent value for money!       East and West  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ucmedaa.
<Content>Book It, Excellent Hotel. Book it, a great hotel at any price. Read the other reviews as I have not a lot to add. We booked and paid several weeks in advance over their website and got 44 Euros a night per room. And the breakfast really is excellent. Dining room is huge, we always got a seat but the two girls who struggled to keep everything supplied could have done with a little help. Visit the quite large shopping centre at Potsdamer Platz, Arkaden, open to eight weeknights, about four on Saturdays. Half a mile away. Easily missed behind the buildings. And the classic, at night, the brilliantly illuminated Sony Centre. Leave your amateur digital snap camera behind and take a good film camera with a wide lens to this great photo opportunity. Mind you dont trip over the tripods of the other budding Lichfields.For shopping, Berlin is dead on Sundays so be warned.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Espoo2006
<Content>Unbeatable price and location Reserved this hotel through the Holiday Inn website for just 50 Euros/night. This is a brand new hotel in Berlin-Mitte. Unbeatable location just a few blocks away from Potsdamer Platz. There is an S-Bahn (Anhalter Banhof) and U-Bahn (Mockernbrucke) just a few minutes walk from the hotel. Rooms are small-ish but new and quite plesant. There is a free breakfast spread in the morning, which is a quite excellent way to start the day. Rooms are with a shower only, no bath. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Vanguardscrusade
<Content>Excellent Excellent value and location.The only criticism is that the bar is at reception and it often stinks of smoke. This can affect the breakfast room which is also on the ground floor. You never really get clean air in Germany, so if you have never been here before, be prepared  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BancoDeGaia
<Content>Great hotel for the price Just got back after staying here for a week and I was very impressed with this hotel - our room was very clean as were the other areas of the hotel such as the dining area and the bar. The staff were very friendly and helpful, all of them spoke English to a good standard and didn't complain at my limited German.The breakfasts were of good standard and very also very plentiful.The bar served decent german beer and was not too pricey.Its location is a bit out of the way but isn't too far out of the way to be inconvenient. The nearest underground station is the S-Bahn Anhalter Bahnhof which is approx 200 yards up the road on Stresemannstrasse. Keep an eye out for the little tardis boxes (Lift directly to the platforms - saves humping your luggage up the stairs) - they are placed behind the one remaining wall of the old Anhalter Bahnhof). The proximity of the hotel to this station makes exploring Berlin a complete doddle.Overall, I was thoroughly pleased with choosing this hotel and would definitely stay here again for any break in Berlin.Tips:Use Anhalter Bahnhof to travel up to the U-Bahn line stations (especially Friedrichstrasse) to see more of the city.If you fly into Schonefeld, dont pay for a taxi to the hotel, get the S9 on the S-Bahn going to Grunewald, change lines at Friedrichstrasse and either get onto the S26 going to Tetlow Stadt, the S2 going to Blankenfelde or the S1 to Potsdam Haupbanhof and get off at Anhalter Banhof and once out of the station, follow the direction of the traffic on your side of the road and the hotel is there.Checkpoint Charlie, if you want to visit this, it's a 10 minute walk from this hotel - head along Anhalter Strasse directly opposite the hotel, walk until you reach Friedrichstrasse (2 blocks), turn left and you'll be there in about 2 minutes.As pointed out in other reviews, go along Anhalter Strasse, cross over the road at Wilhelmstrasse and have a nice Spanish / Mexican meal at the Steakhaus - the prices have been reduced to 50% - the food is nice and so are the staff.If you want to visit Potsdam or the Sachenhausen concentration camp in Oranienburg, the S1 from Anhalter Bahnhof will take you directly there.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kev1983
<Content>very good just returned from 3 nights in this hotel, over all it was very good! staff were very polite and spoke very good english, rooms were standard but well cleaned! food was very good and had a big choice, the hole hotel was extreamly well decorated and maintained! the hotel is in central berlin but in a v quite area with about a 5min walk to train station with conections all over the city. would deffenalty stay hear again if in the city  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>scoff
<Content>just the job Just back from short break to this hotel. What superb value. booked direct with hotel website. New, modern hotel in a perfect position for everything. Small italian restaurant over the road, great food at cheap prices. Couldn't fault anything about this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Ginny2
<Content>great central location Had 3 great nights stay in this hotel within wakling distance to Potsdamer Platz and the Brandenburg Gate, also if you have kids just around the corner is the fantastic Technik museum lots of trains/planes and on hands on things! The hotel was very quiet at night for sleeping even though the hotel was full when we stayed .At breakfast we had to hunt around on the first morning for a table but the staff were very efficent refilling all the breakfast food and cleaning away tables. Great value for money we realised this on the 4th night in Berlin (flight home cancelled so stayed in another hotel in the zoo area as this was full) we paid the same price but boy what a difference like a flea pit compared to the Holiday Inn!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>GMS2
<Content>Superb value for money This hotel is a modern, efficient concrete block, hence little charm. However you can get a double room (2 persons) including breakfast for 44 Euros. It is clean and appears well managed. Rooms are comfortable , breakfast is superb, all you can eat and more; Available from 6.30 to 10.30 am and til 11.30 at weekends.You can walk to most tourist sights and the (Anhalter) S Bahn station is just up the road (circa 200Metres) which will enable you to travel farther a field.Some reasonable restaurants in the area (not the Italian over the road though)Would recommend the Fat Tire bike tour.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ktscott01
<Content>Great Rate off the beaten path.       TV Tower  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value for money Have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel and would confirm all the previous good reviews. The hotel is spotless with the rooms being thoroughly cleaned each day. Breakfast was also very plentiful with the buffet being constantly re-stocked. Location is very convenient, although having arrived by bus from the airport, first impression as we walked past the waste ground at the side of the hotel was that it was out of the way but once we got a map from reception we realised this was not the case. Would certainly return.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NvD
<Content>Perfect for this price Stayed here as part of a group of +- 25 persons. The rooms are small but modern and clean, as is the bathroom (no bath, but shower). Only comment: don't bring too many clothes, and don't take a shower while your roommate is in the toilet (that is, if you are not interested in seeing the other's appearance through the frosted glass). Perfect place to stay for a weekend Berlin. As I understand it, the staff has been very helpful (didn't organise the trip myself). Close to quite some cool places to go out at night time, and close to the underground. Restaurant is fine for breakfast.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would stay again Just spent 4 nights at this hotel. The place is spotless, staff are very friendly, breakfast is superb, and the rooms are very comfortable. For a budget price this hotel is fantastic for what it offers.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JohnGoodman
<Content>Cheap,cheap,cheap ! I have stayed in this hotel for one night only. The location is quite good, you can easily walk to Sony Centre and the underground station is really close.The price was really good ( 53 euros ) and the hotel itself is new and modern-looking. However, all the good things finishes here....As soon as I arrived small, but unpleasant things started to happen : during the reservation I have asked for a room on the high floor - the one I got was on 2th.I have asked for a non-smoking room - the one I got was on the smoking floor. As soon as you was getting out of the elevator on your floor there was clouds of smoke flying around - that was a smoking floor indeed ! The room itself is modern, but quite small and made with cheap-looking materials.Quite functional and comfortable, however ! The breakfast is very basic and the restaurant is really crowded.On the next morning I had to wait for 15 minutes before I could check out - there was a huge queue at the deck. So, overally, the place have a good location, it is clean and cheap.If this is what you are looking for - it's a good choice. But if you do appreciate some service, would like to relax away from hundreds of screaming teens and do prefer to have your breakfast in the morning not next to a group of Italians, who thinks that the whole restaurant is interested in their private affairs - stay away from this hotel ;-)  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>KGLeeds
<Content>Excellent value, perfect location. We have just spent a wonderful 4 days in Berlin. What a fantastic city! This hotel was perfectly placed for all the sights. It was easy to get to (bus 171 from airport terminal to Rudow, U7 to Mockernbrucke, then 5 mins walk), and strollable distance to Brandenburg Gate etc. The Italian restaurant across the road was very nice, but even better was the Steakhaus Asador (Argentinian and Spanish) round the corner- cross road in front of hotel and turn right into Hedemannstrasse, turn left at junction with Wilhelmstrasse, and the steakhaus is just across the road. The food was delicious, the service friendly and everything was half price for some reason. The breakfast at the hotel was fantastic, with plenty of choice and unlimited amounts- we never needed any lunch! I don't think you could beat this hotel for value.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oscar3010
<Content>Excellent value for money We have just had a very enjoyable 3 night stay at the Berlin Hospitality Inn Express. I have travelled all over the world in different category hotels ranging from 3 star to 5 star dependent on our requirements and would very much disagree with the person who gave this hotel a poor rating. The reception and bar staff were very friendly and the rooms although quite small were more than adequate and immaculately clean with all the facilities one can expect from a Holiday Inn Express Hotel. They even gave my husband a free disposable razor as he forgot to pack his shaving kit. Breakfast was continental, which included cold meats, cheeses, croissants, boiled eggs,toast, jams, cereals, fruit juices, and wonderful cappuccino coffee. The hotel was a 10 minute walk to Potzdamer Platz and within walking distance to most attractions. The previous reports are correct - the italian over the road is superb as is the other italian further down the road on the same side. I would not hesitate recommending this hotel for a budget weekend away. To the person who gave this hotel a poor rating, if you want 5 star luxury with 5 star service then pay the price such hotels demand. The Berlin Holiday Express rooms are approximately 拢50 per night and at that price they are excellent value for money.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fille_amoureuse
<Content>I love it ! I love this hotel - i booked through this hotel through the holiday inn website - the first impression when i go into this hotel and go into my room is - WOW ! Clean and spotless and new and very very nice ! friendly and welcoming staff. you will say WOW too if i tell you how much i pay for each night - 60 euro only !!! yes ! 60 euro ! I was travelling with my boyfriend and we both were very impressed. Nice toilet and shower - you have everything you need in your room. TV even has French Channel. very comfortable double bed. you can easily adjust the temperature of the room. Nice breakfast with lots of bread and cold cuts. It is not in the city center, but very easy access with S-Bahn and U-Bahn. Nice and convenient little supermarket just 5 mins walk away to get some drinks and snacks. One final WOW thing not reported by previous reviews is the Italian restaurant just opposite the hotel - friendly ambience and superb authentic italian food ! we stayed in Berlin for just three nights and we went there twice ! so...I will definitely stay there next time i go to Berlin!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>roger_10
<Content>Great hotel Very modern, clean, nice rooms and a decent location. Breakfast was good (cheese, ham, rolls, cereal, boiled eggs, yoghurt etc) only complaint was the warm orange juice and milk.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bel1
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Location This Hotel is very good value in a city centre location...Rooms were spotless as were the Bathrooms. I arrived at 11.00am and got my room straight away. The reception staff are friendly and very efficient. The rooms are alittle on the small size but for a weekend vacation they are fine. Breakfast was very good. Hotel is 5 min walk to nearest underground station (buy an all day ticket for E5.60) AND 10 Min walk to Potzdam Platz which has a vast selection of shops and cafes. The Sony centre is right beside the Potzdam Platz with a good selection of Bars. Overall an excellent Hotel for the price (booked on holiday inns own website)  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Doire
<Content>Excellent hotel Could not disagree more with previous reviewer.My wife and I loved this hotel.We arrived at exactly 12.00 noon and were allowed to go straight to our room,3pm is the official earliest time. The staff were extremely helpful,the room was spotlessly clean and very quiet,a wide choice of complimentary breakfast is served until 11.30 am !!! at weekends,the location is very central-5 mins walk to nearest station and this is all for 75Euro/拢52.00 per room per night.We have stayed in some real dumps at twice this price!The staff will also look after your luggage on the last day if you have a late flight as we did so that you can make the most of the day without having to drag lots of luggage around town.We had a great trip to Berlin and this hotel is one of the reasons for its success.Top marks!!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Multiplex
<Content>Don't have high expectations       Shower curtain gets sucked into the shower  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PGWilcock
<Content>Enjoyable stay We booked this hotel on the internet and were very pleased with our choice. We arrived late in the evening and were greated by a very friendly and helpfull girl at reception. Our room was comfortable,quiet and spotlessly clean. The only one complaint I would have about the room was that the one very small pillow per bed is particuarly mean! We found the staff to be very polite and efficient.Breakfast was very good - the usual type of breakfast buffet.The only real problem with the hotel is the lack of dedicted No Smoking area at the bar/receptionAs non smokers we found the area to be particuarly unpleasent as it seems that most people chain smoke.The hotel is well located, we walked to some places such as Checkpoint Charlie and the Potsdamer Platz - both well worth a visit. The nearest S-Bahn station is just up the road which is very handy.All in all we would rcommend this hotel if you want cheap clean accomodation.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PCF26
<Content>Great Value in Good Location We stayed in the hotel over New Year's and had booked it in advance on their website. The average price was 80euro per night. The hotel was only opened recently and so everything in it was brand new. The rooms were a decent size for the price and were spotless. Bathroom was great - loved the power shower and the fluffy white towels. Staff are so friendly and helpful.The hotel is in a great location - 2 minutes walk to one of the main S-Bahn (train) lines in Berlin that takes you directly to the Brandenburg Gate (only 2 stops!). The breakfast is what you expect in Germany - rolls, cheese, cold meats, croissants, cereal etc. There is no restaurant in the hotel but we would definitely recommend the Italian directly across the road. It serves delicious food at unbelieveably low prices.The only negative comment is that we left our towels on the floor (to request clean ones) and the towels were not replaced that day.All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel. I will be staying there the next time I go to Berlin!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wanderergirl
<Content>quite adequate for the price The hotel is perfect for business travellers. But if u are on holiday there are sum negatives. Rooms are tiny and the housekeeping isnt there after 1pm, so if u came back late and wanted to sleep in ur room wont get cleaned that day. Also, i stayed for 4 nights and the breakfast kind of gets repititive after 2 days. But then for the price(67euros a night) i guess it was to be expected.The staff though is nice and friendly. They have a small bar which serves drinks at a reasonable price. The location is quite good. The rooms are clean with windows that open. All in all if price is an issue stay here.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best choice for Berlin Excellent hotel, only 5 minutes walk from the heart of Berlin. It has many sites of interest around. It's very new, it has nice decoration, warm quiet clean and cosy rooms, very comfortable beds, rich breakfast and friendly staff.It worhts every cent that we gave.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AliJG
<Content>Great value I visited Berlin with my mother for the first time this year in order to do some sightseeing and visit a few Christmas markets. I thought the hotel was great value and in an excellent location for this purpose. The S-Bahn 'Anhalter Bahnoff' was about 5 minutes walk and that allowed easy access to Berlin's transport system. Potsdamer Platz was about 10-15 minutes walk away with other local sights such as the Branderburg Tor about 2 minutes further along.Breakfast was lovely - a typical continental buffet with bread, rolls, cheese, ham, cereals, fruit etc. The staff were friendly and most helpful given that our German was pitiful. The bedrooms were clean, bathrooms small but shower wonderful - and the beds very comfortable (and long which is a bonus if you're tall as I am).Should i return to Berlin for further sightseeing I would definately stay at this hotel again - and most definately recommend it to anyone who is visiting Berlin for that purpose. I think if it's more of a party break it may be worth staying in a hotel closer to the nightlife though as albeit that the transport system was excellent, we were that tired from our busy days we didn't make it past 10pm. I'm not sure if its perhaps a little far out if you're intent on being out until the early hours.All in all a totally great hotel.!!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dolly123
<Content>OK - but not the greatest First the bad news - for frequent travelers, this is Express by Holiday Inn, not Holiday Inn Express (like you'd find in the USA). Holiday Inn Express is a nice, average, hotel with large rooms and full kitchens .... Express by Holiday Inn is a bare-bones EconoLodge/TravelLodge wanna-be. Not knowing the difference before I went, I was extremely dissapointed with the size and overall condition of both the hotel and my room. Definitely low maintenance / low dollar! Additionally, the hotel strongly smelled of cigarette smoke - so much so that it took me 2 days of airing out my clothes once I got home to remove the smell (and I had a non-smoking room!). Now the good news - the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful (with everything from local maps to telling me the location of the nearest grocery store to calling a taxi for me); the buffet breakfast is above average for most European hotels (several cereals to choose from, deli meats, various cheeses, large variety of breads, good coffee, and hard boiled eggs; however, there were no hot items such as scrambled eggs, soft boiled eggs, bacon, sausage, etc); the hotel is in an excellent location (10 min walk to Checkpoint Charlie, 2 min walk to S-bahn station, 10 min walk to Patsdammer Platz, 15 min walk to Brandenberg Gate); and the price is right! Would I stay here again? It would depend on the specials being run by nicer hotels in the area. Just so you don't think I'm a total witch (complaining too much), I completed my 63rd visit to Europe on this trip ... so I know of what I speak.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>spanishguy
<Content>Great Hotel, perfect location, Good price I have stayed at the HolidayInn Express in Berlin in Oct. 2005. The location is perfect as it is close to Potsdamer Platz (5-10 min. walk). U and S-Bahn are also available at Potsdamer Platz so it is easy to get around. Hotel is new and so the rooms are clean, nice furnished and worth the price! Breakfast is included and offers a great value in total. Hotel staff is very friendly and helpful.I do travel a lot for business so I was kind of expecting something bad for the price but it is not!The staff told me that you get always the cheapest rates if you go through their website. Next stay in Berlin I will definately stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WidleyTraveller
<Content>Good value all round       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Terence_Hill
<Content>Best choice in Berlin for good value   showReview(4049100, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jo-Ally
<Content>Perfect   showReview(4038742, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WeekendBreaks
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(3757235, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yamdrachir
<Content>Brilliant value for money!   showReview(3746523, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel-good value, great service, good location   showReview(3663229, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FarAndAway2006
<Content>Brilliant Choice for Berlin   showReview(3654431, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gill
<Content>Excellent choice for Berlin   showReview(3543121, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>philpatjj
<Content>very clean, efficient and excellent location   showReview(3523814, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CXsjr
<Content>Great new hotel!   showReview(3446636, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kiutu
<Content>perfetto!   showReview(23399394, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>CarlosO
<Content>Buena situaci贸n.   showReview(22641390, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles zu Fu脽   showReview(22953388, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel si trova in un posto...   showReview(22049491, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ncc1701b
<Content>O.K mit einigen Abstrichen       Holiday inn Stresemannstrasse  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel agr茅able et bien plac茅...   showReview(21364839, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lamps777
<Content>銉欍儷銉兂鈽嗐儎銈ゃ兂銉兗銉犳湁锛侊紒瀹夊績銇儊銈с兗銉炽儧銉嗐儷       鍐呰  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>losmanus
<Content>Gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(19106527, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Kate2008Bad
<Content>Tolles Preis- Leistungs- Verh盲ltnis!   showReview(17782784, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>naturel
<Content>excellent   showReview(17759039, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>juergenauswf
<Content>Gutes Zimmer, 眉bles Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(15221906, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓績閮ㄣ仹銇傘倞銇亴銈夐潤銇嬨仾鍫存墍   showReview(19169158, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Oliver_&_Susann
<Content>Optimales Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis       Garderobe  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>desdesp
<Content>Buen hotel   showReview(10112119, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fgvl
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅 !   showReview(7480741, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>beamona
<Content>Estupendo y muy c茅ntrico   showReview(7279728, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

