<Author>cevansrd
<Content>Awesome customer service! Staff were very accomodating and very friendly!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DangMontreal
<Content>Affordable quality Waikiki comfort good location Boutique Hotel       Pool at Equus Aqua Boutique Hotel  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ramoshona
<Content>Pics make it look so much better! The price was right, so I jumped on The Equus, also thinking that, Hm, the rooms look really nice. First of all, the location sucked. If you want to be close to the main beaches are so that you can go surfing early in the morning by foot, this hotel is not for you. If you look at the map of Waikiki, this hotel is located at the very edge of Waikiki. If you don't mind being at the edge, try to be on the other side(near the zoo). There is more action. Rooms were OK, but expect no view. No bathtub in my room, just a tiny shower that I can barely wash myself down properly. Oh, I had to borrow hair dryer from the front desk. Continental breakfast consisted of dinner rolls(I think it was poi bread? it's pretty good bread, actually) , fruits, juice and coffee. It was enough to get me started in the morning, but don't expect a filling breakfast. Staff were very nice and helpful. So, overall, would I go back? Probably not , now that I know the area. What if it was offered really cheap and my stay wasn't long? Then I may stay there.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>diver858
<Content>Boutique Hotel - LOL - what a joke - no wifi either - can do much better Found cheap airfare from LAX to HNL during Thanksgiving week, and decided to take a quick, last minute, unbudgeted trip to do some diving and relaxing. Searched around for a decent, budget hotel, thought the Equus sounded interesting, and booked on Orbitz.This is NOT a Boutique Hotel. They claims all types of extra amenities and services that simply do not exist. Yes, the rooms and furnishings have been updated, but it should be compared to a Ramada or Comfort Inn. At the prices charged, you should be able to do MUCH BETTER, or save a few bucks and stay at a budget motel.Examples: There is NO WIFI. The front desk clerk will send you to the pool area, in an attempt to find an open connection (from a neighbor). If unsuccessful, they will send you down the street to Starbucks. All of their promotional materials and even check-in documents claim extras like 24 hour coffee and teas in the lobby - no longer available.The pool is also a joke - situated in a narrow opening between two buildings, so there is no sun - or even furniture to lay down. Hope you don't mind stairs - there is no elevator service from the lobby to the street level / parking - a lawsuit in the waiting (handicap access) - good thing Carlos is there to help with luggage. The only rest room on the main floor is in their hospitality room - where the sink is used to prepare breakfast; I went to wash my hands after using the rest room, and there were coffee pot components there.BTW: The pictures shown on the Orbitz web site are of a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PROPERTY.Upon returning home, we filed a complaint with Orbitz, who did not seem to care. After waiting 2 weeks, we were given a $25 code for use wuthin the next 12 months.Despite what others have claimed, there is a VERY nice beach in walking distance - Ala Moana Regional Park, just across from the mall. The beach is clean, maintained and not crowded, and the swimming area is well protected.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	1	2	1	

<Author>wbm97
<Content>Clean  We just came home from two weeks in Oahu. We stayed at the Equus after having it recommended by Expedia at the last minute. We originally had booked in another hotel closer to the beach that refused to accomodate what we paid for with Expedia - so we transferred.The Equus is a quaint smaller hotel of approx. 100 rooms. There is no ocean view but possibly a marina view from some of the higher floors in the front corner room. The front desk staff is very friendly and helpful and were able to answer any questions we had.The room was VERY CLEAN and comfortable. We had a queen bed in a canopy made of bamboo which was very cool and just what you would expect for Hawaii. The room had a great refrigerator/freezer combo and granite countertop in both the room and bathroom. No tub but stand up shower made of tumbled granite which was fine for us. The bed was very comfortable and sliding doors lead to a lanai with city views. We also had a terrific flat screen TV in our room on the wall. So much better than other hotels with the old TV nailed to the bureau.The hotel also has free internet right through the TV with a wireless keyboard and mouse right in the room, which is fantastic. A very cool bonus and completely handy. For those who need something printed they have a complete setup in the lobby at .20 cents a min. + .35 print per page, but it is well worth the convenience. We loved being able to check email, check bus routes on thebus.org before we headed out for the day. This is a fabulous perk to staying with the Equus.Additionally, the hotel offers a nice continental breakfast each morning of coffee, orange or guava juice, fruit cocktail, fresh whole fruit and a variety of rolls, muffins, etc. Very nice and great touch.The downsides to staying at this hotel first is the location. While it is very convenient to the Ala Moana Shopping Center and bus routes, the only beach option is to cut across the Hilton Hawaiian Village and use that beach or take the bus down to Waikiki. If you were to walk to the Waikiki beach it would take 20-30 minutes. We did it but were hot by the time we got there. We ultimately used the Hilton beach most days. Also, the street noise is very loud. We did not get a good nights sleep any of the nights because of the noise from the street. There is little the hotel can do for this so take ear plugs unless you are used to city noise. There are no laundry facilities at this hotel, they recommend you walk to the Aqua Condo building behind the hotel and go to their 3rd floor coin operated laundry, however when we did this there were 3 people waiting there for their laundry and were using the 2 working machines. So we hauled our laundry down the street to a laundromat. The elevator in this hotel is handy, however we had serious rain on our trip and it seems the elevator goes out of service in heavy rain. This made it necessary for us to walk up to our room and counting the flight of stairs to the lobby then up to our 7th floor room it was a bit of a pain. This would have presented a major problem for anyone with an infirmity or major handicap.Finally, the pool. The pool is very well maintained but small with a heavy rush of moving water in the middle. I never once saw anyone in it. It is bordered on all sides by buildings and is not inviting. Pretty to look at but not functional, as a matter of fact I didn't notice if it had stairs, however I didn't go close to look.I would recommend the Equus for a clean nice place to stay, but if you are looking to spend every day at the beach with little effort you would be better off paying a bit more to stay closer. If you are on business this is perfect since you are close to the Convention Center, Ala Moana and the free internet in the room.Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Equus and the benefits far outweigh the downsides. Compared to the hotel we were initially booked in it was light years better. It is everything a boutique hotel should be.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>tomkellykat
<Content>Decent Room at a Fair Price My husband, our 3-year-old and I have stayed at 3 Aqua properties -- the Waikiki Wave, the Marina and The Equus. Of the three, the Waikiki Wave was the best, but this hotel definitely had its merits. It's located on the northernmost end of Waikiki beach, across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village. Even our 3-year-old had no trouble walking along Ala Moana Blvd. to cut through the Hilton Hawaiian Village to get to Waikiki Beach. Ala Moana Beach Park is also within walking distance.Two of the main reasons we chose this hotel were for in-room internet access and parking. For a $65 deposit, the hotel provides a router for reliable high speed internet access at no charge. As for parking, it's true that you have to park in the parking structure of the hotel behind the Equus (the Aqua Marina), but it has a remote controlled security gate and unlimited in and out privileges. (You don't have to wait for your car or tip a valet every time you leave the hotel.)The free continental breakfast isn't worth staying for. Instead, venture down Ala Moana Blvd. to the Wailana Coffee House for a really great breakfast. (It's a favorite among locals and tourists.)When entering the hotel, you do have to walk up one flight of stairs before reaching the elevator, which some may find very inconvenient.The rooms are small, but comfortable and clean. The air conditioning works great and is virtually silent! We did not have a balcony, but some rooms do. Our room had a shower, but no bathtub. In addition to the bathroom sink, there was a bar with a sink, a coffee maker and a small refrigerator. One word of warning -- the two double beds in our room were quite small, but that's typical of hotel beds in Hawaii.If you MapQuest directions from the airport to The Equus before you arrive, you'll have no trouble finding the hotel. We would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>L&M_from_Oz
<Content>Yep, Clean        View from Room 902  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	3	2	

<Author>Appreci8life
<Content>A clean hotel with great staff, but NOT within walking distance to beach       Clean room, cleaned daily  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>NP54
<Content>Affordble and convenient location This is the second time my husband and I stay at the Equus.The Equus is not only affordable but clean , cozy and close to all Bus routes. The staff was very friendly and informative. Loved being close to the Mall and beach. Look forward to visiting again My morning walks around Alai Wai were a great wake up.Mahalo to the Equus staff, look forward to seeing all of you again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>drakikokt
<Content>decent price and decor, but LOUD!! The prices are decent if you're on a budget or don't plan on spending much time in the hotel. My one major compalint is the sound proofing. We were on the 4th floor and the outdoor noise seemed to be amplified in the room. Tons of loud motorcyles kept going by for hours making me constantly turn the t.v. volume up. We could hear everything the people staying in the room next door said no matter what time of day. So sound lack of sound proofing was an issue. Oh, and it would have been nice if they had a bath tub or at least a larger shower.Other than that, the decor was up to date, and their basic double bed room has a small fridge/freezer combo which came in handy. The free breakfast starts at 7:30am and is pretty picked over by 8am. It's basically fresh fruit, fruit salad, and assorted muffins and rolls. The staff is friendly, and the location is great if you want to go to the Ala Moana Mall or Hilton Hawaiian Village. It's also close to a McDonald, Subway, and plenty of other places to dine.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>JCaSRX700
<Content>Not the Best Overall Had limited parking and charged $18.00 a day. Stayed 30 days on buisness with no breaks. No elevator to first floor. Have to carry luggage up two flights of stairs. Was charged $200.00 non refundable for smoking in room. Never smoked in room. Had to get new key for room about every third day. Friendly staff.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>guest44
<Content>friendly, good value Small hotel near the Ala Moana marina and shopping centre. The inside of the hotel has been recently renovated and is very tasteful. The beds are very comfortable and have more pillows than even I can use! Previous comments have been made about the road noise, which is noticeable, but I'm not sure what else to expect on a busy road in a major city. There are 2 beaches nearby (10-15min walk), Dukes opposite the Hilton and the lovely Ala Moana beach park on the other side of the Marina. All the staff were very friendly, especially Rene, and if you're there on a Tuesday there's a nice touch of a drinks reception where management and guests mingle. Mike, the manager really does seem to be looking for honest opinions and comments for his hotel.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>JaxCPO
<Content>Exceeded Expectations       Backside of hotel facing the Mountains  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TexasProwler
<Content>has its charm For the price and location I will probably recommend this hotel. It is clean and some (very few) of the staff are helpful and friendly. They make you feel comfortable. On the other hand, I noticed that most of the friendliness in this hotel is very strained. Some staff members sound like they are forcing themselves to be hospitable. Your complaints will mostly fall on deaf ears. But if you are looking for a place to deposit your bags while you explore Hawaii, this is a good place to be in. I especially liked the (free!) newspaper, fresh juices, mini muffins and pastries, and fruits served in the lobby every morning. Just do not be late! The staff removes everything promptly at 9:30am. It is almost comical. They really look like they are scrambling to get the food out. (ha ha ha) This hotel also runs out of shampoos and soap bars. The free internet in my room was very nice when it was working. There were several times during my 7-day stay when I get really frustrated with it. But I liked it. Basic and saves you a lot of money.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>2	5	3	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>reviewer98641
<Content>Great Hotel! A GREAT room with a GREAT price.With this wonderful price, you will also get free breakfast (lots of fruit). Housekeeping does a TERRIFIC job of making sure that the room is clean and the workers at the Front Desk are very helpful!  I can't wait for my trip next year!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kona-kauai
<Content>Good at First, but... I'm a huge fan of Aqua Resorts (boutique series) hotel in Oahu. My usual stay is at the Aqua Palms and Spa. They seemed to be relatively full during my trips, thus tried the Equus hotel because it's still in the category of their boutique line. My first stay there was very impressive. Don't let the exterior fool you. The company invested a lot of money to renovate the hotel. The interior was well designed, moderately contemporary with what they were challenged with. I am in love with the comfort of the bed! THE BED IS WONDERFUL!Anyway, since then, I've stayed at the Equus about five times, just on November 21, as a matter of fact. Unfortunately, each stay encountered some problems... I'll explain my most recent trip. 1. During my online reservation, I requested that there be extra bath towels. No extras were left. I needed to request from housekeeping.2. Upon check-in, person said that he'll upgrade me to a king bed (I booked two doubles). It didn't matter to me, I was by myself. Not sure if it's considered an upgrade, my opinion, no.3. Entering the room, it seemed half done. Everything seems to be ok, however the extra pillows that are usually propped up nicely, were just thrown on the bed. Not sure if housekeeping forgot to finish... I also walked on a wrapper that stuck to my shoes. - Strike 1.Reported room to front desk. Didn't seem to have believed me. Not sure why I'd lie. He assigned me another room.4. This room didn't have extra towels (item #1), shampoo was missing, although hair conditioner and lotion was there. - Strike 2.5. When walking to the shower (carpet to ceramic tile), I almost slipped because either the carpet was a little damp or the tiles were damp enough to have made me lose my footing. 7. When I was ready to sleep, I noticed an unusual smell, something like detergent or possibly carpet shampoo. That smell seemed to get stronger as the hours passed. I needed to open the patio door to vent the smell. Strike 3.I reported it to both houskeeping and front desk, but fell on deaf ears.My experience with the Aqua Resorts are good - overall. What bugs me the most? DO THEY READ THE COMMENT CARDS? I've always left comments, yes, good and constructive criticism type, but never got an e-mail back... Good luck folks, I'll start to go back to my original favorite, Aqua Palms and Spa...  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>papayito
<Content>Impressive I have stayed with The Equus before, and it seems that it just keeps getting better and better. Every time I return, they have improved and continue to impress. The amazing aloha spirit of the friendly staff adds such a personal feel to the stay. It is an incredibly unique hotel, which goes out of its way to make you feel individually looked after. Besides this, the rooms are beautiful and the location is unbeatable. The beds are also to die for!!! Best sleep I have ever had! All in all, I will continue to recommend the Equus to everyone, and certainly always look forward to staying there!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SanDiegoHawaiiphile
<Content>Equus worked for me! I was very satisfied with my stay at the Equus. I got a super great deal on Travelocity and came expecting a really budget hotel. Luckily this hotel worked out great for me. It was so close to the convention center, the mall and Ala Moana park which was awesome to jog around. The king sized bed was comfortable and the flat screen tv was nice. The bathroom size was a little annoying for me being a girl that likes to spread out. Way too small to blow dry your hair without melting but luckily there were mirrors and outlets convenient for drying your hair in the main room. Also the shower is teeny tiny and trying to shave my legs in there was comical. A tub would have been really nice to have, but again I can't complain considering what I paid. The room is probably best for no more than 1-2 people. (Probably not big enough for 2 girls considering the bathroom situation).The staff was really friendly. The pool was kinda unusable except for maybe a quick dip as it was always in the shade and pretty small. I noticed they kept a loud jet on in the pool at all times that I could hear from inside my room. I think they used it to cover some of the street noise which was considerable. There was all sorts of construction going on and busses and delivery trucks going by. I just shut my sliding doors at night. The only other thing that the room was dark as you couldn't keep the sliding shutters open without everyone in the apartments directly across the way being able to see in. Oh well.The fresh fruit and juice in the tiny lobby in the morning was nice as well.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	4	4	

<Author>ptb2929
<Content>A touch of style in Waikiki Hotel EQUUSLocation: Waikiki Honolulu, HawaiiThis letter is a rare visit to a web site ---- my second ever review Why ... I was impressed.Hotel Equus is not a five star hotel.... albeit there many touches, which emulmate a five star atmosphere. There front desk area is clean and not filled with promotional propaganda...the front desk has zero items on the counter....A touch of class you usually see in really expensive hotels..... someone clearly cares about the details which make a place special.They have achieved a lovely boutique property look with rooms; which are fresh and have a Ralph Lauren look.Not sure they have handicap access...they do have a rare tennis court in Waikiki...no valet parking. No restaurants exceot for breakfast service A little hidden away....but worth findingSome number of years ago, the travel industry called good and bad customer letters orchid and onion letters. Well, this is an orchid letter. It is one of the rare, favorable commentaries on hotel service in the world today. For some time, have believed that old-fashioned hard work and professionalism as well as the standards and criteria that make Hotel Industry great have long since either disappeared or perhaps gone overseas to the Far East. Clearly this is not the case with HOTEL EQUUS Honolulu, Hawaii. and their get things done attitude. The staff is well trained and of whom all a hotel industry people should use for an example. Super clean, organized, a nice breakfast . A warm friendly place with a very motivated staff.Hotels today, rarely has professionals, and now we have an outstanding individuals of whom to be proud!Please tell Rene' at front desk was very competent. A classic Hawaiian beauty tooIt is always a pleasure in any walk of life or endeavor to see professionalism demonstrated. Even our maid was competent...a clean and room with a super attitude.Please accept my heartfelt gratitude for this superb service. Please pass the word to other properties too.Once again Mr. Michael Dailey thank you for making this hotel special. Awesome property鈥? make our trip to Ireland special鈥taff made us feel right at home. Aloha nui loa from Patrick BrentChairman BFC and a hotelier of many years, who knows quality 10 November 2008  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>greggg
<Content>A great little place Right, this hotel is not in the middle of Waikiki beach, but it's just a 5 minutes walk to get to the Hilton side of the beach on your left. On your right, you're just 3 minutes walk to the Ala moana Park. If you want to be right in the middle of everything, maybe this place is not for you. But if you don't mind that, it's a great little place to stay for a few days at a very reasonable price.The room and bed we had was comfortable, many pillows, a balcony, spotless. Continental breakfast is included and good. Staff are friendly and helpful. Yes, the elevetor is so so, but as we were at the second floor, it didn't matter, we took the stairs.Next time I go to Hawaii, I'll stay there for sure.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>luvlyazn02
<Content>6 day vacation       Lobby  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	4	2	

<Author>hp1931
<Content>Agreat and Plesant experince! From the very first contact at the desk , we had a very nice experince. The Staff was excellant and very helpful. One of the manager's came to our room with the model for the internet and stayed until it was connected (which was very easy) and we were online. It was walking distant from the convention center. We had read previous reviews abount the slow elevators but I have waited as long or longer in some of the bigger hotels. The staff came to our car and unloaded our luggage and carriied them to our room. We intend to stay there again next year and incurage our other attendee from San Diego to do so.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twjne
<Content>Business Traveler In Honolulu on business with a team of engineers and scientists. The rooms were cozy and comfortable but lacked a desk. The Equus provided wireless modems for internet access at no charge, but the number was limited and subject to first come/first serve availability. Although the hotel is not perfect for the business traveler, the staff at the Equus were extremely courteous and helpful. They made every effort to meet our needs for meeting space and printer accessibility. Fantastic location for the business traveler: near many county and state offices; walking distance to a wide variety of restaurants; and walking distance to numerous retailers and the Ala Moana Mall. There is no elevator access to street level which could pose a problem for travelers with multiple and/or larger bags. Parking is available but there is an additional fee.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>skyblueeyes42
<Content>Did not deliver While the staff are very nice, the amenities are lacking. I specifically chose the Equus for the free high speed wireless internet which was not working. They also could not get the internet to work in my room through the cable, so they had me switch rooms and once again didn't work. The continental breakfast is poor and the elevators are slow. I also didn't realize I'd be paying so much to park. The rooms were nicely decorated and the staff were nice.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	4	3	1	

<Author>PurpleRainForever
<Content>ENJOYED MY STAY!!!! My stay was beyond comfortable! It was very pleasant! The staff was extremely warm and friendly and I would definitely stay here again! I highly recommend The EQUUS.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AubreyTang
<Content>Good location and spacious and clean room Good location, within walking distance to Ala Moana Centre (for shopping and dining) and lagoon/beach. Bus stop nearby to Chinatown (more dining) and Pearl Harbor. Large and clean room with two double comfortable beds. Free internet (with own laptop) and free in-room safe. Friendly and helpful front desk.No privacy from windows so kept shutter closed at all times. Only one elevator and housekeeping tended to hold it for a long time. Stairs to front lobby from street level poses problems with carrying heavy luggage.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>PonoKai
<Content>Loved The Equus Once again to Waikiki for some rest and decided to give the Equus another try now that renovations are complete. I found the decor to be relaxing and the rooms to be extremely comfortable. The bed was better than my own and the room welcoming. The staff was extremely helpful. Even when I came back from shopping the houseman helped me with my bags up the stairs. Just ask and you got it: help, information and lots of hospitality. Puka, the day frontdesk clerk was very helpful and personable. Unlike some of the bigger hotels, everyone always has time for the guest.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gmanSantabarbara_ca
<Content>What a pleasant surprise After many visits to Oahu, and numerous bland stays at the large resorts, I decided to take a friend's suggestion and try this delightful renovated boutique hotel, THE EQUUS. Wondering what a hotel with a Latin name was doing in the tropics, I walked along Ala Moana Blvd. and came upon this charming property with its brass stairway and intimate design. The lobby is open-air and very smart...the front desk staff were professional and personable. I took a room on the 8th floor that featured Hawaiian style bamboo bed and furnishings, Everything was clean and first-rate, and the bathrooms featured new marble and tile.The location of the hotel is perfect for us business travellers, as it is a block away from Ala Moana Center, and the convention center. Sure beats having to rent a car...Although there is no hotel restaurant, there is the Hawaii Prince Hotel and their fine dining right across the street, and our very favorite Honolulu restaurant , CHART HOUSE at the Ala WaiHarbor also across the street. Ala Moana Center andd Ward Centers offer dozens of great places to eat, as well as those located around Waikiki. Laundry facilities, tennis, and a jacuzzi are right next door at the Waikiki Marina, another hotel operated by the Aqua group.My room featured an entertainment system called INN NE TWORK which was teriffic! 32 flat screen TV doubled as monitor for Dell computer, and gave me movies, radio, and the internet.I would recommend The Equus for anybody visitng Oahu who wanted to be near, but not ON the beach. The west end of Waikiki Beach is only 2 blocks away, and offers the best swimming and beaching in the area.I found out that The Equus is a family owned business, and I am sure that this is part of the reason the place is run so well.I will be back  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>daveonmaui
<Content>Wonderful Boutique Hotel I have stayed in this property more than a dozen times. It's within walking distance to Ala Moana Shopping Center and Kalakaua Ave in Waikiki. The rooms closest to Ala Moana Blvd can be noisy though closing the sliding glass doors keeps much of the noise out. The hotel rooms were renovated over the past two years and are really lovely to stay in - large comfortable beds, flat screen TVs, in-room fridge. The best part of the hotel is the really great staff who go out of their way to take care of everything you ask them. A continental breakfast and complimentary newspaper available in the lobby each morning is a real bonus. if you keep in mind that this is a boutique hotel, you will be very happy with your stay here especially given their extremely reasonable rates. Across the street from Ala Moana Beach Park with gorgeous beaches, restaurants and shopping very close at hand and the YMCA for those who like to get some exercise in. I will continue to stay here into the future.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cmrmkmcm
<Content>Awsome Hotel and Staff       Front  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>stonyisland
<Content>Clean and looks just like the pictures       Exterior view  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>shygorilla
<Content>Good hotel if you're on a budget I'm a Honolulu resident that wanted to take a weekend in Waikiki, so I thought I'd try the Equus. I booked the Polo Executive Suite, it's very comfortable. If you're on a budget this hotel is perfect for you. Bus stops are a block away, eateries are close by and numerous, and the staff is extremely helpful. There are some drawbacks - if you're planning on using a rental car, parking is limited and quite expensive. The hotel is a bit noisy because the hotel is adjacent to Ala Moana Blvd. which is a very busy street. Overall I would rate Equus a solid 8 for mainland visitors on a budget.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	4	2	

<Author>michellemg
<Content>Good value ...a few probs Looks good from the outside... inside is a little rundown..no elevator from the street up to the lobby..so carrying lugguage was a bit of a pain..we were there when they were doing roadworks..so was real noisy with road surfacing..even on nights when they werent ripping up the street there was a lot of car sounds...but you do get use to it. Great ac..renovated bathroom was nice...bed was not the most comfortable. Lobby staff were very helpful and friendly, cleaning crew didn't seem to understand english very well.Close to restaurants and a bus to main shopping centre. I would stay there again if I was wanting cheap accomodation.Breakfast wasnt very interesting or worth going down stairs for.But as I said I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>susanne
<Content>Quaint Boutique Hotel We found the Aqua Equus on this website and were ultimately pleased with our choice. We were looking for a smaller property and weren't concerned about beachfront so we opted for the Equus. We were very pleased with it's location since it was only a few blocks from the beach and a 20 minute walk to the Ala Moana shopping center and directly on a major bus route. When we arrived we were somewhat skeptical when we saw the front entrance of the hotel from Ala Moana Boulevard. It's entrance is small and, if you aren't paying attention, you will drive right by. It looks more like the entrance to an apartment than that of a hotel. The lobby is dated but tidy, open to the outside and has a small sitting area adjacent (where you can get a coffee and pastry breakfast each morning). Our room with king bed was on the 9th floor and was clean and relatively quiet even though the busy (all day and much of the night) Ala Moana Blvd runs right in front of the hotel. The elevator could use a major overhaul. It (there is only one) was old and slow as molasses. Use the stairs if you need to get up or down in a hurry. We stayed for 3 nights and were quite happy with the room, the staff and the location. If you are looking for a place that's comfortable and reasonable, then try the Equus. By the way, there wasn't a hair dryer in the room, but the front desk will lend you one if you ask.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>tombus2
<Content>loved the equus Had a wonderful week at the Equus Boutique hotel on our honeymoon. Room had many amenities including flat screen monitor for movies and high-speed internet access--which worked without a hitch. Best bed we've ever slept in too.Service was above average and we were surprised to get a knock on the door by a maid delivering a wonderful basket of local fruits and champagne. Continental breakfast started a little late for our tastes but compared to most continental breakfasts served, this one was pretty respectable. Cannot say enough about Rene the manager and Pacu the assistant manager, who were gracious from the moment we arrrived.We give this (4) thumbs-up!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flyboyae
<Content>Full of Surprises To say that this property is full of surprises, both good and bad, is an understatement. I must admit that for what I paid for the room each night, I got what I paid for. Firstly, the rooms displayed on the Equus' website are not what I got. A few pictures of polo players and horses does not make it Ralph Lauren inspired. The furniture was outdated and some needed repair. A corner chip on the right side night stand snagged a pair of trousers I was wearing. The bed was king-sized and clean. The door leading to the lanai was difficult to open; I had to use some force to open and close it. The bathroom, although small, was clean but I did encounter a few crawling creatures during my stay. The shower stall left very little room for movement and I couldn't adjust the showerhead to adequately allow water to fall upon me. There is one small elevator at the site and it takes an extremely long time to rise. Most of the time I took the stairs instead of waiting for the elevator. For those of us without a laptop, there is computer access in the lobby however, it will cost you .15 cents per minute (pre-paid with cash or credit card). The free continental breakfast consists of tasty muffins and pastries, fruits, juices and coffee. To compensate take a walk a block from the hotel to the ABC Store where you can find reasonably priced food items, souvenirs, and a variety of drinks and spirits. The staff at the Equus is quite friendly and accommodating. The location was perfect for my needs. Everything could be found within a 2 to 3 block range. Although it rained everyday during my stay, I still ventured down the street to Ala Moana Park and to the Ala Moana Marketplace. This was my first visit to Hawaii and would I stay at the Equus again? Yes, but I don't believe it would be my first choice.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	5	4	1	

<Author>jams33
<Content>Great for short stay       Room  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	-1	3	3	

<Author>a78jumper
<Content>Great Small Hotel If you want a four star hotel, pay the going four star price. If not stay here. Total refurbishment since my last stay very nice. Yes the trim on the elevator needs attention, but I believe the mechanicals had been totally rebuilt recently, prior visit it was clean but decidely run down . Now very clean room, quality linens new furniture and rebuilt baths, all tastefully done. This is a smaller hotel with ltd services, but location is ideal, five minutes from the beach and ten from Ala Moana Centre. The road noise is there, but in all fairness to the hotel there was a repaving project going on during the last week in Sep. The noise did subside after midnight. I suspect many other Waikiki hotels are equally noisy. If you want total quiet go stay at a resort out of town, Waikiki is in the middle of Honolulu folks. I paid 1/3 the going rate of a room at the Hilton Hawaiin village and pocketed the difference, as all I wanted was a clean bed. ABC store just up the steet (a Hawaiian 711) and Outback and Red Lobster are right across the street. Many other restaurants and bars in local area. Breakfast was continental, coffee, fruit and pastries, if you want more, stay elsewhere or pay for a full hot breakfast, it was not a big deal with me as I do not eat much breakfast as a rule. Very cooperative front desk staff unlike prior stay so that is a big improvement as well. An internet connection would have been appreciated, a computer is in the lobby but too pricey to use very long.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>mtk1971
<Content>Bring the earplugs! The noisiest hotel I have EVER stayed in. Imagine sleeping in the middle of a freeeway during peak hour, and you get the idea. The breakfast is a joke, and the lift is basically falling apart. The only people that should stay here are the chronically deaf.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>gosnorkel
<Content>extreme road noise..bring your earplugs! Our room was very clean with updated bathroom facilities. We only noted a few rare ants. Our biggest complaint was the significant road noise. The road noise from the busy street was relentless. It felt like I set up a tent on the curb. If you book this hotel, bring earplugs!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>inyoka
<Content>Horsey WOWs Where others may pause to admire the Prince, I'm the sort of person who appreciates the horse...The Equus is a gem of genuine hospitality, free of any attempts to provide inflated highs with unneeded glamour. From the unassuming yet giddy-refined entrance up front to the powerful but still playful god-figure commanding the rear, the building seems to stand in it's own quiet confidence amongst several reducing denizens in the marina area. With a solid footprint, the Equus allows itself the freedom to express a unique ambiance and attitude that not many hotels may have the courage to duplicate. Ample art in paintings and photography help set the tone for an experience available to those able to tune into the heart of horse. The brazen elevator is an example of such an equine nature; a thing comfortable in letting you off before fully stopping or perhaps requiring a little more oomph! to keep it's ornery doors from leaving you behind. Breezy balcony hallways in their subdued lighting seem to suggest that one won't know the horse with eyes alone. Trust your other senses, the duskiness winks as you make your way. Once behind your own door you'll be gifted with comfortable sensibility in a blend of technology and rusticity, but more importantly, perhaps an opportunity to truly escape thought if you are able to feel the flow of the carefree horse throughout the structure all around you.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hen7975
<Content>LOVED this hotel       View from hotel (looking left)  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>parma87
<Content>Perfect Location! This hotel was booked for me as a last minute booking due to mis-communications with an original booking at a different hotel. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful even when I had originally booked two nights but only needed one. The room was great with a newly remodeled bathroom. The view wasn't too great, but I was more interested in sleeping than anything else. I had friends staying at the Westin Moana Surfrider and the walk to their hotel was very pleasant, only took about 15 minutes, and I was in the center of Waikiki beach. I would stay there again when passing through Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>teen28
<Content>NOISY Its been said before but I didnt think a hotel could really be that noisy! I stayed in 3 different rooms and all were noisy. Outside road noise and continous slamming of door noise in the morning (must be the maids and people going for bkft). Beds are soft and only fullsize. The hotel rooms are nice and the air cond is quiet. Breakfast was only juice and coffee, no decaf, muffins and if youre lucky they bring out a fruit plate. Usually there were apples or bananas avl. You are a few miles to the heart of Waikiki, however you are within walking distance to a big mall. Pay for internet is avl in the lobby. There is no beach within walking distance. Tiny pool. Microwave avl outside the lobby.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teamkimball
<Content>Disappointed. Parking a hassle, staff seems to be confused all the time. We stayed at the Equus because our son had to have surgery at Kapiolani. We stayed for 10 days so we needed someplace under $100. At $90 a night, we were surprised to see how nice the entry and decor was (although after climbing the 10 or 12 steps to get up to the lobby numerous times a day we were a little annoyed) and enjoyed how clean the room was. But the parking was HORRIBLE. If you have children do NOT stay here. You have to go down the elevator, down the flight of stairs that they have no elevator for, walk around the corner, through a parking lot, take another elevator into the parking garage, and THEN you can load all your stuff into your car. It seriously took us 20 minutes to leave or return each time. Then each night, at exactly 3:20, the air conditioner beeped about 7 or 8 times. Each time I reported it to the front desk, they said they would check on it. Everytime I asked about whether or not it had been fixed, they said they didn't know. Hmmm...If you can't keep track of what's fixed and what hasn't been fixed, what is the point of customers asking for something to be fixed? Just a waste of time. My 18 month old son woke up everytime it beeped and screamed for a few minutes. THEN...to top it off, I walked in while the cleaning people were there, just to grab something. The woman was wiping our cups out with a white washcloth! (I take it that it was one of ours, since I doubt that most cleaning companies use white hotel towels to clean rooms). After watching numerous dateline nbc-type specials on how hotels don't actually wash your cups anymore, I had told my husband not to use them. He thought I was just being paranoid. Hmmmm... After they left, I smelled both wine glasses (one we had eaten ice cream out of and the other we hadn't used.) One glass smelled faintly sweet with a slightly chemical odor, and the other smelled like nothing. The internet also didn't work (which was a huge disappointment since my husband needed to work from the hotel while we were gone for the surgery) and the parking was almost $20 a night (which made our $90 hotel room not so cheap after all). Basically, if you like climbing stairs, don't have young children or much luggage, and don't mind dirty glasses or not getting a straight answer about simple questions like when the internet is going to be working (we basically got the response of...It's not working to our question of When will the internet be working?), then it's worth staying here. After all, if you'll be at the beach all day, you may not notice these things when you come back. So for that, it is worth the price. But $17 parking when you could valet park at another hotel for $20? I would definitely pay more to stay in a hotel that has more amenities than save a few bucks and get a headache in return.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>jinaz
<Content>Won't be back We checked into Equus after a 5 night stay at Aqua Bamboo, wish we had stayed at Bamboo.Rooms were nice BUT....Strong mildew smell in the shower, this was our third hotel for this stay, two others (Aqua Bamboo and ResortQuest Circle) did not have this problem.No one knew where to obtain towels....folks downstairs said the front desk, the front desk said try downstairs at the laundry. As a matter of fact, we obtained two towels from downstairs before we even checked in...didn't even ask for a room key!NO weather stripping on door (rm 606); Curtains are actually shutter doors which look nice but let in light; preferred light blocking curtains at Bamboo.Staff was NOT at all welcoming and/or friendly. When we checked into Bamboo we asked if we could check in early, she checked and told us yes, our room was ready. Equus, check in is at 3pm, didn't even bother to check. Same thing w/checkout - Bamboo allowed a courtesy 1 hr late checkout. Same person at Equus told us no late check outs allowed. I totally understand if a hotel cannot accommodate due to booking levels, however, she didn't even bother to check to see if the room was ready.Ran into housekeeping standing between our door and the room next door. Did not even offer to move themselves or the cart out of the way, didn't say good morning, nothing.......I travel often and am ALWAYS asked how my stay was. Guess they don't care at Equus.Both hotels on Aqua's website are rated as three stars; however, customer service was a world apart. Compared to the other two hotels we stayed at, this one was very disappointing.On a positive note, the toliet paper at Equus was better than Bamboo.....  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>zardax41
<Content>Great place to stay I've been staying at the Equus Polo regularly for 2 years. I was there during their renovations. It's a great, small hotel to stay in. Staff are fantastic and Renee will do anything to make your stay pleasurable. I love the fact it is small and personalised. And the happy hours!! The renovations are are fabulous and add a real atmosphere to the hotel. Although it is in the Aqua chain - don't overlook it. It's one of the better places to stay in Honolulu.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mrpanels
<Content>What a Gem in Oahu I travel to Oahu for business 4-7 times a year and this is the ONLY hotel I stay at. Since I don't require all of the 'action' of Waikiki, I am fine with staying far from it. Even if you are there on holiday, you are a short trip to all of it.The staff at the hotel is great. Everyone is extremely helpful. In particular, I've gotten to know Puka who works the morning and afternoon shift. This guy is a real gem - he is so helpful and kind whenever I stay at the hotel. Last month, their Internet crashed. These folks did everything they could to make sure internet was available for any guest at the Marina next door. The rooms are outstanding. A/C, Internet, bathrooms and showers are super. And they did a great job when they upgraded their beds. You cannot beat it for the price and location in my book.Yes, there are a few negatives. The elevator is really slow - my advice - don't sweat it - you are in Hawaii! Don't think you'll get a meal with the breakfast, if you need something substantial, go down the street to ABC, McDonald's or Starbucks. And there is no pool...it's not big enough to stick your big toe in it. Pakring is next door at the Marina as they have a small 10 space lot.To me, these 'negatives' are really insignficant when you get a great room with a great staff who really works at making your stay enjoyable. If you need all of the glitz with a big hotel, don't stay here. But, if you just need a place to sleep and be in a central location, the Equus is it.I won't consider staying at any other hotel when I am in Oahu. Thanks to Puka and the entire staff for making the Equus such a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>aviatorswife
<Content>Never again..... Please be aware of this hotel! This was one of the worst places I have EVER stayed. There is NO iron or ironing board. There is NO hair dryer. The internet was DOWN and the electricity was out for about 6-8 hours. My room phone did not work. There are only about 10 channels on the TV. It is VERY loud there. I had booked 7 nights but left after 2 because it was so crappy. They charged my card $300 over what the 7 nights would be and NEVER told me and it is NOT on any paperwork that they give you. I told the clerk that we were not happy and she said, well, you owe me this much.. They should not have charged us for the 2nd night. It was hot and miserable....DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>breezy0ne
<Content>great small hotel in waikiki       The pool for the Equus  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sydneystylz
<Content>Love the room and cosiness Not knowing much about Waikikii, we booked the hotel as it was close to the Ala Moana Shopping Center. 5min walk.The room was clean, plus there was enough room for two weeks worth of shopping and bags. Coffee was provided, and a small mini fridge.We booked a room with two double beds, and it was the most comfortable sleep I had in Honolulu.We were in Waikikii to shop and sightseeing, so the hotel was afforable and all we wanted was a good nights sleep. The only problem was you had to carry your bags up a few steps, but the staff were more than happy to assist.The young lady , Athena, was always friendly and had a welcoming smile. Fantastic after a hectic days shopping.I recommend the hotel for a good nights sleep. But if you are after Resort style, lie by the pool holiday., cocktail bar service. Not here.We were happy with what we paid for, and that was a comfortable clean, welcoming, cosie style hotel and we got it.Very happy.Helena  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>PVisgreat
<Content>Nice place great price I was pleasantly surprised that I could find a nicely appointed hotel near the beach in Waikiki for $100 a night! All the rooms had been renovated with granite and tile bathrooms (although I had no tub so inquire if you need one), flat screen TV, patio with furniture, internet access (some rooms have it included as part of the flat screen tv! How fun!), SS fridge/freezer, and a coffee maker. It has the feel of an adolescent timeshare condo with more than the usual hotel room. The only possible negative observation worth stating is that if you are claustrophobic or tend toward XXL sizes, you may want to also inquire about larger rooms since the bathrooms, showers and general room space is on the tight side. Personally I liked it that way but for some it may be a drawbackThere was a light breakfast of pastries, coffee, fruit and fruit juices in the lobby, a small pool and an ice machine. I enjoyed the cocktail happy-hour Wednesday put on by the manager, David.Although the location is not on the beach, there are city buses which cost $2 and include one transfer, there are free shopping shuttles that take you to all the common spots during the day, and of course it is a really nice walk. The Ala Moana shopping center is close walking distance as well.If you don't like dated, impersonal overpriced hotels, this is a good bet to try.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KWPH
<Content>clean and comfortable Although our stay at the Equus was only for one night, my husband and I were very pleased with this hotel. We needed a place to stay before going to the airport for an early morning flight home and did not want to stay at an airport hotel since some of those reviews were scary. The room we had was on the 7th floor, nicely decorated, really clean and the bed was very comfortable. The pool area was small but looked very welcoming. The lobby was cute and the staff was friendly and accomodating.The only negatives we noticed: noise from the street, but it did not bother us, as we usually sleep with the tv on anyways; the elevator was old and slow, but we didn't mind; and stairs leading up to the hotel lobby were a pain if you had a lot of luggage. The location of the Equus was a good choice for us since we were still close enough to walk to where all the action of Waikiki is, but yet was also within a short ride to the airport. If you want to be in the middle of it all, then I don't believe it would be a good location for your whole vacation, but for a night or two it would be fine.For the price, location, and comfort level, we enjoyed this hotel.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>Sebastianmiki
<Content>Great Location Good services       Pool and sitting area  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jayme82
<Content>Over charged and over whelmed The hotel itself was very old and nothing like the pictures on expedia. When i first arrived the service was bad and so was the building, the elevators was probably the first ever installed on the island of Oahu it took atleast 15 minutes for it to arrive. Along with the rediculous wait for the elevator it was also nasty inside and all of the staff was using it also, we were riding the elevator with bags of leaking garbage. The condition of our room at first glance seemed slightly better than the rest of the building until i realized i was sharing the bathroom with a community of tiny red ants. Our room was also the closest to the road and the walls were very thin so i got lulled to sleep by the roar of cars and trucks, i kept checking the windows to make sure they were shut but it was just the poor construction of the building. The worst part of the whole experience was that i had paid for the hotel a month in advance but when i got home from the getaway the hotel had charged me almost 300 dollars, after talking to both expedia and the hotel staff no one could tell me where the charges came from or what they were for somehow they had no record of them but they were still on my card. It was a huge hassle to have the money matters cleared up and the hotel was in the wrong. Over all i do not recommend staying here, spend a little more money to go to a much more reliable hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Candi3287
<Content>Reasonably priced, great location!       Reasonably sized balcony  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>DWatsonColorado
<Content>The truth about the Equus-A+       room furnishings  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>doc0
<Content>Boutique Hotel Hotel is in a great location. The hotel staff are very friendly and personable. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. This is my fourth time staying at this hotel and would recommend.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>busy_body_traveler
<Content>Decent Budget Hotel The Aqua Equus turned out to be a decent hotel. We booked The Equus because of the photos you see on Expedia were much more newer and less flowery comforters than other hotels in the area. Needless to say, the rooms looked like the one in the photo. We ended up with a room with 2 double beds. The bathroom was recently remodeled, the carpet was new, there was a plasma TV. The first thing that I noticed when I got there was a tiny little ant in the bathroom and I just shrugged it off as a moist tropical place. The next morning, I saw a small bug crawling on my bed and was starting to get annoyed. By the second night (1a) I woke up and I got in the bed with my husband - remember we had the double, anyways, we woke back up at 4a and we found 3 bugs in his bed. We were so upset, we called the front desk and told them our concerns and requested their best room on the highest floor. We started in room 808 (the bug room) and ended up moving all of our stuff to room 907 at 4a. Needless to say room 907 was much better, we had a balcony and 1 queen size bed. Overall would I stay here again, for the price we paid YES, for the location most likely not... walking to and from mainstream Waikiki beach was exhausting after a day on the beach. It was rather convenient to Walmart/Ala Moana Mall and that is always a plus while on vacation. On a closing note, you have to carry your luggage up the steps to the front desk. For some reason they did not have an elevator that accessed the ground level. Parking was $18/night and you have to park next door at the Waikiki Marina. There was a small pool in a shaded area which presumably was probably always cold. The ice machine was in the back of the lobby and the outside patio area housed a vending machine and microwave. Daily continental breakfast was croissants and a few other fruit filled pastries, orange and guava juice and fresh coffee. Staff was friendly.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>socalgal13
<Content>Road Noise from Heck!       Bed Decor  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>kj_walsh
<Content>Great value for the money Great value hotel in a central location for beaches, restaurants and shopping. Recently refurbished with good room amenities including WiFi. Hotel staff friendly and helpful. There are stairs up to the hotel lobby from the street. There is an elevator to all floors from the lobby but you can keep yourself fit by using the stairs. Stayed for 14 nights and use the hotel as abse to explore Oahu.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>urkidn
<Content>Very Enjoyable Stayed one night pre-cruise at the Equus and were very pleased. The elevator was under renovation and very slow so being on the 4th floor, we took the stairs a lot. Yes, it was a bit of a pain dragging luggage up the stairs to reception and if you have issues with stairs, you might want to choose another hotel. The room itself was very nice and clean and the beds comfy. We had a shower (no bath) with plenty of towels and hot water and that was fine with us as we rarely use hotel bathtubs anyway. We weren't bothered by the street noise but we aren't overly sensitive to noise. We found Renee at reception to be extremely friendly and accommodating. We checked in at noon and although our room wasn't ready, she found another one that was and gave us all bottled water while we waited. We really appreciated that as we were heading out on a tour right away and needed to store our luggage somewhere. Can't really comment on the pool or breakfast as I didn't make it down for either but we did take advantage of the free internet in the lobby. There is an ABC store down the street that was pretty handy too. We wouldn't hesitate to stay here again and found it to be a good value compared to other properties in the area.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>klamonda
<Content>Very economical and clean - great location Got a Savvy Surfer rate of $94.00 - $105.24 with tax. Clean rooms, friendly staff, Fridge and coffee maker, flat screen TVPool was small and probably not suited for big kids. Elevator is worst feature. Does not go to ground floor so you have to carry your luggage up a full flight to the lobby where you take the slow single old elevator. Other then that the place was quiet and convienient. There is an ABC store, McDonalds and a Starbucks are close by as well.. Great Deal for an expensive location. Would definately book again..  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>paulaandrobert
<Content>Very comfortable and spacious rooms My mother and I stayed two nights. The hotel has been renovated and the rooms are very nice. The beds are the most comfortable I have slept in and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The only issue is that there is a flight of stairs to get into the building and also around the reception area which is difficult with heavy luggage but we found the staff promptly assisted us to move our bags quickly. We were on the 9th floor and did hear some traffic noise which may be an issue if you are a light sleeper. The flat screen TV was nice.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>earwaxen1
<Content>Very Pleased With The Equus The Equus is a good choice for those who do not like the feel of a huge reasort. The property is smaller and a bit older, but very nicely kept. The room we stayed in had been recently updated . The bed was very comfortable, nice flat screen TV, new fridge and in-room safe. It might have been a tad small but was perfect for us and had the look and feel of a room that could have cost a lot more. The staff were helpful and friendly and housekeeping did a good job. The breakfast was nothing special. The usual fare of fruit, pastries, coffee and juice. But it was fresh and enjoyable. The location is also a good reason to make The Equus your choice. It is a 10 min. walk to the beach and also a short walk to the heart of shopping in Waikiki. The pool is very small but you are able to use the bigger pool at it's sister property next door. The only things on the downside I can think of are; an elevator that could be updated and an $18 a day parking fee but I understand that resort parking fees are the norm in Waikiki. We really enjoyed our stay and would absolutley stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>farrallfs
<Content>Nice boutique hotel with excellent wedding program I've had an excellent experience with the Equus Hotel, first when my fiance and I stayed there last year during our holiday in Hawaii and more recently this year when we contacted them to book rooms for guests attending our upcoming wedding. Their no commitments wedding plan is extremely flexible from a reservations/deposit standpoint and they provided our group with an excellent discount. We've had significant difficulties dealing with a number of other Hawaii based wedding providers (resorts, hotels, restaurants, tour group organizers, etc.), however the staff at Aqua Resorts have been outstanding with their prompt and thorough communications and in meeting our group's needs. I can't recommend them strongly enough, particularly from a value for money perspective.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>LinusPaul
<Content>Our New Favorite in Waikiki We are Oahu residents who take long weekends in Waikiki roughly every other month, so we have stayed at a lot of the competing properties. The Equus is a real find. Because of the low price, we had limited expectations, but we were blown away. The beds are some of the best hotel beds I've ever experienced, and the room was clean, modern, tasteful, and comfortable. We also liked the location- we were easily able to walk to Magic Island, Ala Moana, Beachwalk, and Ward Center. There are thoughtful touches as well - conditioner as well as shampoo, water at check-in, coffee in the room. Best of all, the price. This was truly an occasion where you get more than what you pay for.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saligari
<Content>No Horse its a DOG! of a place We have stayed at Aqua Waikiki Wave previously on business and decided to give this property a try. I suggest to all those that you take this property with CAUTION, while old it has some good renovations going for it, it is basicly clean on the surface and out the front at least but that is where it all stops and rates a LONG last to others in the chain. Staff at the desk were bad on booking in, just as bad the next morning with the guy who if he thinks he is running a $400 buck a night joint better realise that that those sort of places give SERVICE with a smile and care, the breakfast, forget that ,burnt coffee, small danishes squashed into a square plastic container and for room service, it arrived at 4.40 in the afternoon with a HI ! do you want anything ? at a $150 PLUS a night you would think we would get more than the fresh towels we had to ask for, as for the bed, no it wasnt refreshed or made for us,bottom line give this place a big miss, pay the extra and go to the Wave where parking ( no worst than here or no more expensive , addtional to the room rate by the way) is tight but at least the STAFF are super freindly, rooms are big enought to turn around in and the room service and decore is very modern, a $20 bucks WELL worth spending in a city where all accomodation is over priced with around 5 trips to the island a year while my wife loves the horse theme it will be our last in this hotel, most welcome to answer any questions  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>JpnMan
<Content>Good Value Finding a place in Hawaii under $150 is tough, but the Equus fit the bill, and the renovations made the room quite pleasant. A staff member told me the neighboring Aqua property Waikiki Marina is nowhere near as nice. We were told all renovations were done, but the room below was having work on it (only noisy in the mid-day, so not much of a bother).Staff very helpful in finding us a room early (we had kids and tons of luggage).Pool is cold (shaded all day) and small. Walk to beach is about 10 minutes-and now that the Hilton lagoon is open there is another option.The lack of a 1st floor elevator is a real problem for anyone with heavy/many bags or a stroller.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>soychick
<Content>Nice and clean with friendly staff Husband and I stayed at the Equus for 6 nights right during the Christimas holiday in 12/07. We picked Equus because of its low rate (at least lower in comparison!). We were not disappointed with the hotel. The location is a about a 15-minute walk Waikiki Beach (the Hilton Hawaiian Howaiian stretch). It's a 10-minute walk to a major mall. There are plenty of shops and eateries nearby. They even let us check in at 9am in the morning! We especially liked the conti. breakfast. The pastries were so good and it really saved us a few extra bucks to have the breakfast provided to us. Free internet too! We asked for several extra towels for the beach and they provided that to us, no problems. Friendly staff.The Equus is recently renovated and the rooms are adequate. It's not terribly big, but enough for 2 people. While we had no complaints with the Equus, I think we would like to stay closer to the beach next time.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lizzard84
<Content>Great Hotel!! We were pleasantly suprised by the Equus. Its really not much to look at from the outside, but the rooms were fantastic, clean and recently renovated. Not the best location if you're looking to be mainly in Waikiki but an easy trip on TheBus or by taxi. Though not near Waikiki, Its incredibly convient to several great little shopping centers, as well as the marina. Another benefit to being outside the main tourist area in Waikiki is that many of the resturants and shops in the area are more affordable. If you like sushi, there's a great place named Aloha Sushi right down the street in the Discovery Bay shopping center that's both tasty and cheap. It looks like its part of the Subway, but its actually part of its own small chain. If you're looking for a fantastic hotel on a budget this is the place for you!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Asparagus1979
<Content>Nicely refurbished inside, great rooms. While the outside looks a bit dull, the rooms have recently been refurbished, and the result is great. Super quiet aircon, and the king beds are Amazing! My experience with staff was mixed, but overall quite positive. Use of the gym costs $10 per day, but the in room Wifi is free. Good location for shopping (close to ala moana shopping mall).  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>halifaxnovascotia
<Content>Recommended for Cruise Travelers       plays .avi movie files and your own iPod....  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chickmama
<Content>inconvenient location and parking The room was nice, We didn't even notice the construction. I have no complaints with the hotel itself. I had many complaints with finding the parking garage, which is actually in another hotel. The hotel is on a one-way street, which is very very busy, and I held my breath every time we slowed down to turn into the driveway, because I was sure someone was going to run over us. The entrance is nowhere near the driveway or garage, and you have to carry your luggage a loooong way. I will not be staying here again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	1	4	2	4	3	

<Author>BKAHUNA
<Content>World-Class Luxury at a fraction of the cost. My stay at the Equus was phenominal. From the beginning as we were greeted with personalized service everyone was very accommodating and the resort itself was soooooooooo relaxing. Mahalo Puka  Renee!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RonBoyd
<Content>Would Return To This Hotel This is a small property in the Aqua chain that is currently being renovated. However, the only inconvenience caused by the construction was confined to the elevator. The elevator is very old and extremely slow and this was compounded with the use by construction personnel who were working on the top floor (the 10th). Our room was on the 8th floor and I found the stairs to be much faster than using the elevator. At 65 years of age, however, the trip up was only three times and down maybe a dozen times.Our room was very nice and comfortable. The wide-screen television (although it only had analog stations available) was very nice. We didn't watch much television, of course, but it did give us free access to the Internet -- a nice perk, indeed.In addition to the elevator, there are three other negatives that need mention. The elevator does not go to the ground floor so luggage has to be lugged up the stairs to the 2nd floor desk at check-in and back down when you leave. (It is also very confusing as to where to park during the check-in period but eventually one figures it out -- perhaps after several trips around the ten block circle.) Secondly, if you have a car, count on paying $18 a day for garage space. The alternative is to find a parking place on the street. Yeah, right. Lastly, is the noise. This property is on one of the busiest streets in Honolulu and the traffic noise is quite loud and doesn't really diminish in the wee hours. I wear 33db ear plugs at night which blocks out (I thought) all sound. Nevertheless, the sound, for example, of those rental motorcycles, particularly between 2 and 4 a.m., was as if they were in the room with me -- remember, I was on the 8th floor.In any event, we were completely satisfied with our stay at this hotel and would recommend it to anyone willing to accept the above (very minor, actually) negatives. This hotel is very close to a wide variety (in price and type) of restaurants and is within walking distance of the ocean and Waikiki... or by bus.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>samjuly
<Content>quaint boutique we were so happy to find the nice, friendly staff with the true aloha spirit. this boutique hotel has a personable feel where the old Hawaii meet new decor. just 1 block from ala moana- perfect location!! thanks for a fun and special get away.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ISUClones
<Content>Not what expected/misled by website After comparing various Aqua properties, we chose to stay at the Equus based on the pictures on the website. We booked our room and sent a confirmation e-mail to request a remodeled room and were assured all rooms were remodeled. We were hugely disappointed when we arrived and our room looked nothing like what is pictured. The bedding was dated and tired with a Hawaiian palm theme. The armoire, end table and nightstand had multiple chips out of the wood, gouges and scratches. Had our children been toddlers, we could not have stayed in the room due to the risk of splinters. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable but we were disappointed overall with the condition of the room. Given our numerous pieces of luggage and (by check in time) sleeping kids, we did not opt to change rooms. Also, one morning around 8am we requested four beach towels. After checking multiple locations, the front desk told us they only had three clean towels. I wondered how soon it would be before other guests could get even one clean beach towel.I believe I had appropriate expectations of a budget boutique hotel and assumed the website accurately depicted what we should expect. It was disappointing to come that far and feel like your expectations were not met.The staff members were very polite to us and the breakfast suited our needs just fine. The street noise was noticeable but did not bother us. We saw other guests staying there, but we never once heard anyone which was nice.Based on our experience, I would not recommend the Equus, although I might possibly consider other Aqua properties.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>umekyu
<Content>alright for the price For about $85/night, it was an acceptable stay. The hotel seems to be near the end of remodeling and except for one really noisy day, I didn't notice much. I was a little surprised by the state of the elevator, but maybe they are waiting to update that after everything is done. Also, the elevator does not have a safety door and it will close on you, so be careful! The staff was friendly enough. Yes, there is technically a pool, but it's situated in between buildings, so I doubt it ever sees sunlight. Also, it is super tiny. As for the room, the bed was a bit too soft for me. The shower is not very big. It was big enough for me, but I am a 5' 2 female that weighs about 105 lbs. I don't know how anyone larger would fit. Flat screen tv, remote control a/c and fridge in every room is a nice touch.The location isn't too bad...a 5 minute walk to Ala Moana beach and mall (10 minutes in flip flops). Free breakfast is a nice touch. They offer assorted pastries, juices and coffee. They also provide the Honolulu Advertiser newspaper for free. Good reading for the beach! There is a McDonald's and a Starbucks across the street if you have to have your chain food fix. Not sure if I'll stay there again, but if you're on a budget, then it's not a bad deal.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	4	4	

<Author>SpzlK
<Content>Comfy and Cozy The service was great. We were always greeted with smiles and willingness to please. The hotel is about 2 to 3 blocks from Ala Moana Park/Marina and Ala Moana Shopping Center not Waikiki Beach. Waikiki Beach is about 5 to 10 minutes away. The rooms are small but very clean. There's a refrigerator, coffee maker with complimenary coffee of course, flat screen T.V., balcony (not a view of any thing spectacular though), great beds and fluffy pillows. The beds get a 5 star rating. Complimentary breakfast includes juice and pastries. So if you have a big appetite for breakfast McDonalds and Starbucks is right down the street. On the hotel premises there are vending machines and a microwave. Laundry can be done at the Wakiki Marina which is right behind the Eqqus. Room service was sporadic. We didn't know if they were coming at 3:30 in the afternoon or 8:30 in the morning and we had to request towels often. There was construction in the area so if you're wanting quiet time this is not the place to stay. Great Place at a Great Price! Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MizKitty007
<Content>You've Got Our Honolulu Business! Both sides of my family are from Hawaii. Ever since we stopped staying in Oahu-based relatives' homes back in the late '70s and early '80s due to size and privacy, we've tried various Waikiki hotels. None of them have the convenience, service, and comfort The Equus provided on the recent stay of my mother and me.Being able to get in and out of Waikiki鈥攚here the traffic can be horrendous鈥攊s a breeze when staying at The Equus. For this, we even didn't mind having to park off the fifth floor of the adjacent Aqua Marina (the only tiny inconvenience being the Marina's elevator when it's just descending from one of the upper floors of this 40-story facility). The open-air section of that fifth floor parking has W-I-D-E spaces, a relative rarity in Honolulu.Since part of what I do for a living is train and coach others on the tenets of Hawaiian hospitality鈥攁ka a stellar customer experience鈥擳he Equus meets my high standards in this area: cheerful and ready/willing without being obsequious. Even with the stairs, the bellhop and other male staffers will always come down to The Equus's drop-off/delivery area and take suitcases up to the room. Now, for comfort: That king-sized bed was absolute heaven (with pillows, linens, and comforters to match). Although we had Room 406 (one of the smaller rooms), I had no problem using the coffee table as a desk for my laptop computer plus external keyboard and mouse. That refrigerator was a true godsend. Mom and I are the queens of leftovers, and we saved probably $100 to $150 over our week's stay in full breakfasts and some lunches that we didn't have to buy. In the morning, we simply filled in with juices, pastries, and fresh fruit from The Equus's continental breakfast spread.The only things you might need to look out for at the Equus are small brown ants (not leaving food around and promptly cleaning where we ate took care of that itty bitty problem, which certainly beats the roaches at other places), a bit of mold around the shower drain (unless you want to go out and buy some Lysol spray, be sure to keep your feet off that, which might be challenging if you're taller than 5'5 and weigh more than 160 lbs since the shower stalls are small), and frequent time-outs on the wireless Internet (some days, I found that I had to click on the connection designated for the room next door). But these are very minor issues, and in no way did they detract from my stay!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Middaysunner
<Content>Friendly and comfortable We visited the Hawaiian Islands in August and September, and each time we stopped off in Honolulu we stayed at the Aqua Equus. The staff were always friendly and helpful even when arriving in the middle of the night. The rooms were always comfortable and clean with good en-suite bathrooms. The location can't be bettered as it is between Waikiki for the beach and the Ala Moana Centre for food and shopping, both in easy walking distances. Also there is a Starbucks and an ABC store just about next door. Overall a great find and very good value for money.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>alsupremo
<Content>A pleasant surprise After hours of website research I took the plunge and booked this hotel. The Aqua website guarentees the best price. Room was very nice, marble sink and countertops with fridge, just renovated. Great bed. Interactive TV and internet that was free on slim TV monitor. One of the first stops on our bus from the airport and about 3 minutes walk from the Hilton. Beach and marina across the road. Only down side was that it was noisy. Not a resort but great for a place to sleep that is clean, comfortable, friendly and elegant. We paid $88 a nightTony, Toronto, Canada  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Valings
<Content>Comfy Beds We stayed at the Aqua Equus Oct. 13th, 2007. After travelling all day the plush queen sized beds were most enjoyable. The continental breakfast in the morning offered tasty pastries and fresh fruit, along with coffee and juices. The only down side to the Equus were the stairs that you had to lug your luggage up to get from the parkade/street level to the lobby/elevators. The hotel is located at the marina end of the strip and is a fair distance from wakiki beach. And our room did not have a bathtub. Besides these minor issues I would still recommend this property.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>reddrover
<Content>Hard to Beat Most of these reviews are right on target. Excellent rooms and beds, without any resort frills. You won't beat it for comfort, style and cleanliness. However if you require a rotating restuarant, piano-bar, dinner show, spa and full-hot breakfast with your hotel, then the Equus is probably not for you. Other than that it's a great room to unwind and relax for another days activities. For those that insist on negatives.1. The street traffic is noticeable even on the 8th floor.2. You do have to walk to anywhere. ABC store or McDonalds is a 2 minute walk. Red Lobster and Outback Steakhouse are maybe 3 minute walks. Only because you have to wait to cross the street. I guess that's a negative? And the beaches really are a 10-15 minute walk.If all you plan to do is hit the beach this is probably not the place for you. However, if you want 5-star comfort for a 2-star price. Equus is hard to beat.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>esnam
<Content>It was Ok       View of the pool  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>ipolani
<Content>Great Value! This was our first time stayinig in a hotel on Oahu since my husband was born and raised there (and family is still there). It took a bit of convincing and since The Equus seemed nice with such a great price, we booked and am SO glad we did.The room itself is on the small side but still comfortable. The bed was great with nice bedding (I even liked the faux Hawaiian quilt on the bed!). Everything was clean, especially the bathroom which is what concerned me the most about this budget hotel...but it was very nice and extremely clean. The free wireless internet connection was nice since we were both on working vacations. We only took advantage of the free continental breakfast on the day that we left but it was a nice little spread.The only thing we could have used in the room was a little table (either a small dining table or even a desk) but no biggie, we ate and used our laptops in bed :)The cons of this hotel are what have been mentioned on TA before, the slow elevator and the parking. For such a great price, we didn't really mind the slow elevator...it does take a few extra minutes but it's not that big of a deal. The parking lot is terrible though, we always hoped that we wouldn't get hit on the way in/out....it's a circular path with cars going both directions on a one-lane path. Parking was an additional $18/day.We would definitely book at The Equus again in the future!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	-1	4	3	

<Author>tashie1
<Content>Loved the King size bed! Stayed at the Equus. Local shopping Centre very handy. Service was great. Rooms even better! Slept on a king size bed. Would go back in no time!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>dsh8
<Content>Best Value in Hawaii Last month I stayed in Hawaii on business...I wanted to stay in Waikiki but didn't want a hotel full of college students on summer break. The Equus was extremely inexpensive, and I'm always up for trying different hotels, so I originally only got my reservation for a couple days. I ended up extending it for two additional weeks. Flat-screen plasma TV's in some of the rooms, the only place I found for the price with a free continental breakfast; it was really a great place to stay. The employees there were really great to me, and it seemed like there was always someone polishing the brass steps at the front of the hotel. Great place...I'd go back there again whether I'm traveling again for business, or for vacation.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rosemaryo23
<Content>A Lovely Stay... We stayed at the Equus for a week in August and I would definitely stay there again. The rooms were clean, it was a pretty good location and value for money. Like other posters have said it is not a well-known location so make sure you have the address with you to find it. We just had to walk across the road to another hotel to get the tour buses so it was fine.THE PROS - The staff were friendly - particularly the girl at the front desk whose name I can't remember - and let my sister check in early after she arrived feeling really sick. Also our air-con broke down one day and they fixed it right away. The room was nicely renovated and clean. It had the most comfortable beds and pillows we've ever slept on. The TV had about 40 channels. there's an internet computer in the lobby that just cost a few dollars to use. It was 5 minutes walk to Ala Moana shopping centre although a bit longer into Waikiki. there's an ABC shop on the corner and a McDonalds nearby as well as a few restaurants. CONS - I agree with another poster that they could try to clean their rooms faster - we got back some days at about 4pm and our room still hadn't been done but that was a minor irritation. There was a bit of noise but we had the air-con on so that drowned it out. On the first morning we were there some kids were diving in the pool at about 6am but they were quickly told to stop. Also the toilets sound like airline toilets when they flush so you hear the neighbouring rooms flushing but you get used to it. lol. We had a room right down the hall from the check-in counter so I can't comment on the lift because we didn't use it. The only other downside I can think of is that we had to go to the Aqua property next door to do our laundry but housekeeping was using all the washers and dryers to do the sheets and towels so they should really have separate facilities for guests. Apart from that it was a great stay and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nixelking
<Content>Awesome service i loved my stay in room 206. the architecture was very warm and womb like. the staff was remarkable. mei was the sweetest woman i have ever met and mariah was very helpful in aiding our adventures beyond waikiki. i give this hotel 4 and a half stars and plan to return on my next trip to hawaii. i can't wait to see the hotel after the renovations are complete. a roof garden would really be a cherry on this supreme sunday .  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>airc
<Content>Excellent value for your Money! We were wanting to go to Hawaii for our honeymoon. Most hotels were priced over $175.00, the we came across the Equus. We were hesitant at first as it was a newly renovated hotel and there have been many reviews since the renovations were completed. But at an average of $80.00 per night, we decided we'd take the gamble. We arrived late night and did have some difficulty finding the place, as it is not a very large building. Our first impression was that the front dest looked like some cheap motel ( I say this in comparison to the usual Sheraton, Hilton, etc..). However, the clerk was very nice and efficient. The rooms were spotless, which is the first thing I look for in a hotel. And the bed....what can I say...If I could have fit it in my luggage, I would have taken it home! I guess the bed provides the extra comfort you'll need to get a good night's sleep with all the noise coming from outside. We were on the 4th floor and still it sounded like there was a traffic jam in our room. It does quiet down late at night. Housekeeping was not very well organized, we often came back to our room in the late afternoon ( 3 or 4PM) and housekkeping had come by, but only to pick up the dirty towels and UNmake the bed...Another crew would come in later with clean towels and line (usually around 4:30, as they finished at 5:00Parking is located in a separate building behind the hotel, and is secured by a remote controlled gate. This was not a big inconvenience, as it is only a 30 second walk to the parking. And besides, parking is only $15.00 a night compared to $25.00 charged by most other properties. The pool is nothing to write home about...it is located between two buildings so it does not get much sun...it was so cold, that a hotel employee was surprised I was actually swimming in it! Overall, we enjoyed our stay...Clean rooms, Welcoming staff, but most of all, an ideal location for the price!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	2	5	

<Author>TwoGalsonanAdventure
<Content>Equus surprise... I was apprehensive about this hotel since some of the locals who were providing my transportation to the hotel were not aware of this hotel and the driver of our van seemed to give it a so-so type of description. I also read some of the feedback from sights such as this which provided feedback that did not come across very positive. Well! To my and my daughter's delight...the accomodations provided at The Equus were just fine! The owners did a fine job of renovating the rooms. It felt very welcoming and I loved the Hawaiian plantation type of decor! The room was very modest but clean (very important to us above all! I am, afterall a Director of Housekeeping at another hotel!) I did not expect a lot of fru fru in my room, but was very pleased overall with our stay at The Equus! If someone is looking for simplicity and cleanliness, yes, I would suggest this small hotel. Use your money playing!! A person can not arrive at this property expecting the upgrades usually found in bigger hotels! The staff was pleasant with us and helpful when we needed help! Again...expect simple and pleasant! It was easy enough to get to the beach and the heart of Waikiki once we figured out our direction and which bus would take us to certain destinations. I feel we got what we paid for and left quite happy! If you've travelled to Europe, this hotel reminds me of some of the smaller places you would find, say, in Rome or Spain. P.S. The pool was veeerrrry cold...even on a sunny, hot day!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>theKID19
<Content>Cozy hotel... My partner and I just returned from a recent trip to Honolulu and a stay at The Equus. The hotel it self is a cozy one, not overly decorated and with just enough amenties to keep you happy. Located right on Ala Moana Blvd., it is conveniently located close to Waikiki, Ala Moana Center and other attractions. Our only concerns were the one elevator, the on-site off site parking, located at the Aqua Waikiki Marina (just behind The Equus), and the hum of traffic that somehow filtered through the sliding glass doors (we were on the 5th floor. Other than that, the staff was very friendly and courteous, especially at the the Front desk, and the rooms were very clean and very cozy. I would definitely do a return visit.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ajaDenver_CO
<Content>Great rooms! This is a small boutique hotel that has been recently remodeled. The rooms were very comfortable and the beds great! Nice details were included and complimentary water at check-in appreciated. The parking garage is a little difficult, as no way to go directly from hotel tower to parking. Ask for rooms away from Ala Moana Blvd., or the noise will get you! Great value for the money and comfortable.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lresslar
<Content>Great place to spend a week The hotel was recently renovated with a granite countertops and a huge comfortabe bed with tons of pillows. The tv was a flat screen Westinghouse and the room was always clean, with the hotel staff curtious and friendly. The downside is parking is expensive and will have to find a side street to park on. The hotel is walking distance from Wakiki beach. I was visiting friends so neither were an issue for me. Would definately stay again!!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>hh1Hawaii
<Content>Great Value I loved the renovations. The staff was wonderful. I would recommend this property.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>shakashaka
<Content>Great Experience Friendly staff and as said by others very comfortable beds.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>badcook21
<Content>Worth the low price       outside the Equus  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>michelleinseattle
<Content>The worst, barely slept, bad service too... The rooms in this place were nice, comfortable, and clean. The service was awful and the room I had was right off the street and very loud, you could hear cars, music, and people all night long. This is not a hotel for any one who actually wants to sleep in their room.. Every morning around 8AM the maid would bang on the door with the cord to the vacum cleaner and see if you wanted your room to be cleaned if not they skipped it... You could hear the maids in the hallways from 8-2PM talking very loudly with music playing from their carts... I also asked the reception for information on getting a shuttle to the airport and he looked at me like I asked for his first born and handed me a phone book??? Pros- clean and comfortable rooms, close to Ala Moana mall, free internetCons- poor service, loud, staff very unorganized and rude, location not so nice.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	2	4	1	1	3	

<Author>hoodlumsaint
<Content>Budget prices, but luxuries of a 5 star hotel I stayed in March 20007 and this was my first stay in Honolulu. This hotel has beautiful rooms that have the most comfortable beds and linens. I am just going to list the many things you will find: iron, ironing board, mini frig, abundant selection of fruits, juices, rolls and muffins at breakfast , coffee makers, locked parking available, friendly staff, great location and low prices. I was able to stay for 95.00/nite. I can't remember parking price but it was not more than 15.00 per nite and you had remote control that allowed you to come and go as you pleased.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>travellinang
<Content>The good and the bad... As the rest have said, this hotel has some very good qualities, as well as some inconveniences. The things we liked best were the pillows!!! The pillows and bed were better than ours at home! We also appreciated the fridge  freezer in our room - at most places, if there even is a fridge, it has a tiny little shelf as a freezer, but this one had a separate freezer! The plasma tv was great, as was the decor.The whole place was like a 5-star hotel scrunched into this small area. Everywhere renovations were done looked very nice, but there was not a lot of room to spread out. We also did not expect to have to lug our 3 suitcases and carry-ons up the flight of steps to the lobby. The staff was nice, but could have been a little more interested/helpful.The biggest problem we had with this hotel was a large family of tiny bugs had made their home in our room, mainly on the tile areas in the entryway and the bathroom. We mentioned this to the front desk on our way out, and he acted as though he was familiar with this problem, and said he'd send someone up. When we returned, all the bugs were gone, except for a few dead ones left in the sink. They were gone until we returned from our excursion the next day. We were exhausted and were leaving the next morning, so we didn't say anything else. Since we were in for the night, I didn't want to see or experience how they got rid of the bugs, and they seemed to stay in the tiled area, not by the bed.We also liked the ABC Store on the corner, the McDonald's, Red Lobster and Outback Steakhouse across the street. I'm the type who likes to eat at different places when I travel, but it's nice to have some common places around too! The Ala Moana shopping center was awesome - we live in Milwaukee, WI, so this type of mall was totally new to us! We could have spent a whole day and thousands of dollars there, but did not have enough of either!All in all, if you're looking for a super-comfortable place to sleep and plan on being out on the town a lot, this place is great! I just wish I would have asked for a different room without the bugs!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Lakotame
<Content>The Tower This was our second stay at The Equus (Hawaii Polo Inn and Tower). We stayed in the little hotel, meaning The Equus the first time and enjoyed our stay. The renovations are AMAZING! This time we stayed 10 days and opted to lodge in the Tower (Aqua Marina Tower) The tower has two elevators so there was never a long wait. Riding up the outside of the tower afforded great views of the mountain side of the hotel. Each floor seems to have four rooms and there was never any noise from any of the other rooms or from the hall. Our room was on one of the upper rooms (I would recommend requesting as high up as you can get as the views are fantastic). The room had a kitcenette and everything worked fine (except the can opener) We enjoyed making a pot of coffee and sitting at the table in the room looking out over the ocean. Our room had a new shower and I am hoping that they remodel the Tower rooms as in the Equus. The rooms are older but clean and bright (one full wall is wondows!) and we had no complaints. We left the laptop at home but we saw a connection in the room and a nice little off to the side area where you could have used it. I used the internet connection in the little hotels lobby. The cleaning staff arrived everyday to clean and whenever we passed oneanywhere at either hotel they would ask if we needed anything.Each morning we went over to the other hotel building for the continental breakfast that was offered. Rolls, coffee, fresh fruit and a couple of different juices started our day and you could pick up your newspaper at the same time and be on your way. We also rented a car while there. The parking is entered through a remote that you are given when you register your car with the hotel. There are alot of reserved spots(perhaps designate a level to them) so sometimes we didn't get on the level we wanted but wherever we ended up it was close to the elevators. There are laundry facilities available and we saw many people using them. There could have been more machines (a few were out of order). The pool was nice and the whirlpool was a nice feature after walking around the island all day. The tennis court is well kept and fully lighted so you could play after sunset. There are vending machines right outside the door of the lobby which was nice when you arrived late or got the munchies in the middle of the night. There is an area also outside the lobby that has wicker funiture where it is nice to sit and relish the days events. Like is stated on most of the reviews. The Equusand Tower is in an ideal location......to shopping, bus stops, restaurants, fast food and the ever present ABC store right on the corner..we definitely will stay there when we return to the island.I feel that the staff could be a little more welcoming at the tower but all in all they were fine. A few times I felt as if I were bothering them, and felt that just a simple acknowledgement woudl have been nice from them. I opted to go to the little when we needed information. We booked through the hotel website and would recommend using another source for reservations as I believe you could get a better deal.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>lav425
<Content>Best sleep I ever had!! Stayed here for one evening after a VERY LONG flight from Pennsylvania. Beautiful room...comfortable...newly remodeled...clean...friendly staff...wonderful! The king sized bed was awesome...best sleep I ever had!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>radog
<Content>Excellent Hospitality and Aloha!! Nice clean, newly remodeled rooms combined with a terrific location and staff with aloha spirit make this a great choice!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mirandium
<Content>Great Value I stayed here for one night with my husband in a remodeled room. Immediately upon arrivial we were given two bottles of water. There was a light continental breakfast with juice, fruit  rolls. We also stayed two nights at the Aqua Palms hotel. This was far superior then the Aqua Palms. The furnishings were nicer at the Equus and the bed was very comfortable. The bed at the Aqua Palms was very hard and the room was musty. The room had a boutique feel. There was a new fridge to store bottled water and snacks. I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>billseventsvc
<Content>Linelle Our stay at the Aqua Equus hotel was enhanced by the help we received from all of the people at the front desk, especially Linelle who was great. I will be going back in May to set up a photobooth for a wedding reception and have already booked my next stay with Linelle and company, The king sized bed in the newly remodeled room was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in! Bill  Nancy WickBonney Lake Wa.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Balttravel
<Content>Just ok We stayed at the Hotel Equus during the week of April 9th. The room on the 10th floor was not remodeled. The room was dated and old. Be careful when booking a stay to ensure that you get a remodeled unit. There is also some noise due to the location of the property on Ala Moana.The service is nice as are the continental breakfast and newspaper..  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boybandlad
<Content>Great Staff - Great Location I stayed four nights in this 3 star property- I really had no expectations, I had the friendliest and easiest check in ever, The location suited me completly as it is only 5 minutes walk from Ala Moana Mall and 10 minutes from Waikiki beach - far enough away from both with being so close to everything!The hotel offers a free basic continental breakfast and free wireless connection which came in really usefull and also offered every 4th night free so it was under $100AUD per night!The rooms are modern with flat screen LCD televisions and the bed was very comfortable - The outside is nothing pretty - a concrete block that encases a true gem. If there had to be a down side it would be the lift - a little slow and jolty but nothing major!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>karlito11
<Content>Fantastic Renovations - ignore the negative reviews For the price, you cannot beat it. The renovated rooms are fantastic - tasteful, comfortable, and by no means generic. TVs are beauties and internet worked just fine. Staff was polite and willing. Beds are comfortable. Location in the middle of it all. Really, you can't go wrong.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>idyllbob
<Content>Good value and service We stayed four nights beginning March 27, 2007 and had a wonderful time. Most of the complaints you read are true- stairs to get to lobby, slow elevator service, difficult to spot the entrance if you are unfamiliar with Waikiki, the microwave is off the lobby, not in the room, and the shower is quite small.That being said, the rooms are large, nicely remodeled, and have everything except the microwave that you would expect in a mid-scale establishment. The staff is top-notch; knowlegable and friendly! We stayed on the fourth floor, and utilized the stairs whenever not carrying luggage to avoid the slow (very slow) elevator. It was a short, pleasant wlak to the heart of Waikiki (restaurants on Kuhio, shopping on Kalakaua) and about a 20 minute stroll to the Aqaurium. Only about a 10 minute walk to Ala Moana Beach/Park, which is a nice alternative to the crowded beach at Waikiki, we only rented a car on days we were traveling to the Aloha Stadium Swapmeet and Polynesian Cultural Center.Housekeeping was very good, and unlike other hotels in this price range, they gave us coffee everyday without a $2-3 charge. I am a bargain shopper when it comes to hotels in Waikiki, and this was a supirior value to the Ohana properties I usually book at. We spent our last two nights at the Royal Hawaiian (using SPG points) and preferred the facilities and staff at the Equus. Off-peak, I would pay up to about $120 a night for this property, but got this trip for just $80 on Expedia.TIPS: Rent a car from the Enterprise on Kalakaua about three blocks from this hotel only on the days you really need a car, returning to the enterprise lot at night and save the hassle and expense of parking. Online a base car runs $33 with taxes, and you can book it from the computer in the Equus lobby for .15 a minute. Don't miss the swapmeet at Aloha Stadium (15 miles away) on Weds, Sat  Sun, or the Polynesian Cultural Center on the North side of the Island (40 miles +/-) and their great Luau dinner!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>imso808
<Content>Great room, great price Lots of unfair reviews of the Equus. My husband and I stayed there for a romantic weekend getaway and absolutely loved it. Our newly renovated room was small (think cozy and romantic) but clean, safe, and quiet. I did not get to meet the famous Linnelle, but the staff I did encounter were helpful and friendly. Probably the only complaint I have about this hotel is the parking. I would advise you to call ahead for specifics because it was confusing for me, and I'm a local! This is not a 5-star hotel. Have some real expectations, and you'll like the Equus too. I'll definitely be back sooner than later.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>jascomin
<Content>Physically challenged beware! Warning to the disabled! You must climb about 2 flights of stairs to reach the front desk. Front desk and some rooms are on the 2nd floor with rooms going up to the 10th floor. There is only one elevator which goes from the 2nd floor upwards. Today, the elevator got stuck - which meant I was stuck on the 6th floor and I had a tour departure to meet in 15 minutes.I chose this hotel due to the price, its location and the fact it was a strictly no smoking hotel. I must walk with a cane and travel with a respirator. It was a very difficult climb up those stairs daily to the point that I reduced a lot of the activities I would have done.Another point I must state - when I booked my reservation, I was not told that there is a substantial daily parking charge.Furthermore, in route to Hawaii, we were stranded overnight in Chicago. The airline we were flying contacted them to let them know we would not be arriving that night and a supposed Equus hotel manager said we would likely not be charged for that first night which had been guaranteed with a credit card. Upon arriving, I found out that I was still charged for the unused night, and no one knew who the person was with the name given, nor when the manager (with a different name) of the hotel would be back. If we had known then when the airline called, we would have been reimbursed by the airline at that time. This I feel is grossly unfair on the part of the hotel.Overall, the staff is fabulous. The room I would describe as shabby-chic. Fresh paint, granite counter tops, fabulous new plasma tv and remote controlled air conditioner, rooms refurbished with new linens and Hawaiian shutters - except they forgot to do the furniture which is chipped and bashed.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Touhuni
<Content>Fabulous time at the Equus       The Steps  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>munna82
<Content>Just about OK We arrived at around 10:30 pm on March 16th. First of all we had to circle the block a couple of times trying to figure out how to enter the hotel. It turns out you have to park your car in the adjacent Aqua Marina hotel. The entrance is a set of stairs directly from the footpath. There was this guy at the reception who had the most disinterested look on his face. We had a reservation for a King room, instead he gave us a queen, which he did not even mention. We found it out when we actually went to the room. No apology, no acknowledgment, nothing whatsoever. He was more interested in swiping my credit card for the car I had bought. The speed of the free wireless internet connection makes you feel like you are in a third world country. Even dial-up is better than the speeds u get here. The room itself is pretty well renovated as seen from the pictures of the previous reviewers. It is comfortable and has everything needed. The bathroom is very small, and our shower curtain was not long enough at the bottom which led to the bathroom being flooded whenever someone took a bath. I will never go back to this place.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	1	3	1	

<Author>bc399
<Content>A work in progress       Renovated room  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>kimonio
<Content>Only got 1/2 of what was published.       Flight of Stairs up  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greddygirl83
<Content>Wonderfully renovated We arrived to find The Equus conveniently located next to EVERYTHING that's happening. Linelle at the front desk was warm and welcoming. She had many suggests for how we might want to start off our first evening in Oahu. Linelle is actually one of the Equus' selling points. Her cordial nature makes you feel like the Equus could be your home away from home. We enjoyed her service very much. The room was eloquently renovated and looked EXACTLY like the advertised photos online (at the hotel's website.) Need I say more??? I would recommend it highly. However, as with any of the downtown hotels, prepare yourself for the typical traffic related noises. The furnishings were very nice and warm and the true granite tops throughout and plasma TV were classy additions. Something noteworthy that you wont catch in the online pictures is the atmospheric recessed lighting throughout. It's the perfect finishing touch to nicely decorated room ... give the Equus a try...it's a great place to stay that's easy on the pocketbook.Michael G  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hofdad
<Content>staying again and again and again First time in Hawaii and was at the Hawaii Polo Inn in the midst of their renovations. Amazing to see all the work going on and the fact that the staff was so pleasant and everyone so easy going during all this was wonderfull. The renovated rooms were like pictures from a magazine......beautiful attention to detail etc. A very knowledgable staff and such aloha spirit. Hotel is close to shopping and beach and parks.......with staff always ready to help with directions and suggestions. I definitely will be staying with the Aqua Equus anytime I go to Oahu and have recommended it to others that I know are going there. Can't beat the price and the comfort and the true Hawaiian spirit!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EquusHappy!!
<Content>Hawaiian Hospitality The Equus, formerly the Hawaii Polo Inn is a newly renovated, warm Hawaiian hospitality, getaway for us. We enjoyed the Equus and it's friendly staff. Linelle greeted us each morning at breakfast with her warm Hawaiian smile.. Everyday the Equus offers coffee, tea, juice, pastries and fresh fruit for its guests' all at no extra charge. At check-in we were greeted by friendly and helpful local staff that checked us in with ease and remembered us by name. This time we were given Hawaiian bottles of water at check in. It was a wonderful surprise and very appreciated.Our room was very warm and cozy. It has free wireless, free phone calls and our room came with a coffeemaker and a nice refrigerator with a nice size freezer compartment for our nightly pints of haagen dazs ice cream. The furniture and design of the rooms were very well appointed. We were treated like guests staying at a 5 star hotel. The Equus is the place to be for your money!! Beds were very comfortable.You can't beat the location. Only 2 blocks from Ala Moana Shopping Center and 2 blocks from the closest beach. We didn't have to rent a car. Parking is only $15 per day . Our friends across the street paid $25 per nite for parking. The Equus is only steps away from fabulous restraunts. Visit the Shanhai Bistro only a block away, our favorite. The best Happy hour!!The Equus will be our home away from home and we look forward to returning soon.The Kona Crew  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hoosiereph
<Content>Can't beat the value for this location   showReview(6624080, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>paddyinparadise
<Content>revalation!!!   showReview(6589788, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>GWiZ7
<Content>Beware of unadvertized parking charges $15 US +Taxes p/day.   showReview(6558303, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	1	

<Author>Noogs01
<Content>Make sure you get a renovated room   showReview(6452745, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	3	3	2	

<Author>ChrisThePainter
<Content>Great value and wonderful hospitality!   showReview(6305844, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hawaiicrazy
<Content>new and much improved   showReview(6269989, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>obiwan11
<Content>Pitch a Tent Before Staying Here!!!!   showReview(6053904, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>鑷敱浜?> 鑷敱浜?</a> </div>
<Content>姘椼伀鍏ャ倞銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(21988383, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Hunny15
<Content>绔嬪湴銆佹牸瀹夈仌銇с亰姘椼伀鍏ャ倞       鏈濋銇亾銇撱仹銆傘€€鍗楀浗銉犮兗銉夋簚鐐广伄闆板洸姘?/a>  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	4	3	5	

<Author>MahaloAachen
<Content>Perfekt   showReview(18057862, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亜!銇戙倢銇┾€?#x201d;   showReview(19172489, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aussen Unscheinbar , innen absolut Top   showReview(14732928, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fantasiatravel
<Content>El peor servicio de hotel   showReview(8282251, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne Wieder   showReview(11409941, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伄娴村锛堛偡銉ｃ儻...   showReview(21801886, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇с倖銇ｃ亸銈娿倛銈娿€佸銇拱銈婂嚭銇欐柟銇搞亰鍕с倎銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19157280, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伅瀹夈亸銇︺仾銈撱伡锛侊紒   showReview(19929843, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銉勩偄銉笺仹娉娿伨銈娿伨...   showReview(19928779, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

