<Author>JeremyOliver
<Content>Brilliant, as usual...       View from a room...  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oatibix
<Content>Breathtaking scenery, impeccable service and luxurioursly comfortable villas! Bulgari Bali is one amazing resort with beautifully landscaped grounds that feels like a private garden instead of a large resort. Every angle of the resort is photogenic and picturesque. Villas are generously proportioned (abt 300 sq metres) with a very well designed and large bathroom (probably larger than the bedroom) - with a large soaking tub, outdoor shower (but this has no view), indoor shower and really great amenities (girls - you would like this, they have a powerful professional hairdryer unlike those small little whispery ones). The bedroom has 3 sided floor to ceiling glass doors that is adjacent to private pool and faces the ocean. The bed is deeply comfortable. I didn't care much about for the BO system. However, the private pool is a little small. Outdoor dining /living areas are well designed and very relaxing to hang out.Service is warm and attentive. There were some small glitches but the staff made up for it with their smiles and positive attitudes Food is of very good quality and both the Cafe and the Italian restaurant serve excellent delicious food that's traditional in ingredients but innovative in presentation.Private beach is nice but a little narrow/short during the high tide. The big pool is very nice and has a great sunset view. Night swims are wonderful too under the stars.Overall the resort has a very private exclusive feel to it and it feels like going to a friend's family villa and not a big resort. We will definitely come back! We booked through CX holidays and it was a pretty good deal too! Thanks for the great holiday!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Intan
<Content>Very over rated! I did not stay at this hotel. While I am here in Bali, I decided to visit the hotel for lunch to see if it is worth staying at this hotel in the future.This hotel is a big disappointment. The staff at the entrance appeared unprepared for visitors. They told me visitors are not normally allowed into the restaurant unless they have made appointment ahead of time. They made it look they were making an exception for me. This is not very welcoming at all.The restaurant, Sangkar, is not well maintained. When I arrived, part of the area was still not cleaned of last night stuff. Some of the staff were eating their lunch at one of the tables. The volcanic rocks they used to construct the restaurant turned out to be a big mistake. The rocks absord and release a lot of heat. It is too hot to sit outdoor during day time. Most people opted to sit indoor under A/C. The food was very mediocre (e.g. fish so overcooked it was tough as a board). Over lunch on the patio, I was visited a few times by a monkey which at one stage was within hand reach at my table. The animal was obviously looking for food.The restaurant staff (unlike their colleagues at the entrance) were at least friendly and helpful in getting me a cab back to town.Not sure I would want to spend US$1000 per night to stay at this hotel. Begawan Giri, Four Season, Oberoi which all cost a fraction of this hotel offer better services.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flotravel
<Content>Wedding        Stairs to reception area  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ninaval
<Content>Food, Wine, and relaxation at The Bulgari Hotel        The beach  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LisbonPT052
<Content>Against all odds! First, let me start by saying that after reading all previous reviews it鈥檚 easy to get a bit 鈥渇rightened鈥?My husband and I usually do in-depth Hotel鈥檚 research before deciding where to stay on our 鈥測early-honeymoon鈥?trips. And believe me, we are quite demanding on this topic! Last June we chose Bulgari in Bali after a three-year period staying at several OneOnly resorts. So the bar was frankly high and honestly we were not expecting too much.But our experience in paradise started right upon arrival. The hotel amenities and service are simply amazing with all kind of little 鈥渘othings鈥?that can turn your stay unforgettable.Staff members are absolutely amazing, kind, caring鈥ords can鈥檛 describe how fantastic they are! I would spend an entire week describing you how fantastic these people were throughout our journey. So I rather sum it up in one word : Astonishing!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SWTTRAVELS
<Content>Stunning....with a bit of attitude.       property  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>ttul
<Content>Memorable Honeymoon Trip! This trip was our first to Bali. My wife and I had a great stay. She didn鈥檛 want to leave when we had to check out on our fifth day. I read the comments written by fellow travelers and just wanted to add my own thoughts:1. They also just wrote my name down instead of me and my wife. (Also spelled my first name incorrectly). To me it wasn鈥檛 a big deal.2. The TV and Audio in the villas are first class 鈥?BO plasma TV with DVD. They also have a list of DVD and music CD you can check out which I thought was very thoughtful.3. The plunge pool in the villas are quite small, but the view towards the ocean is excellent. The infinity design is really amazing but I wish the water was a bit warmer. 4. Everything is expensive in the hotel, try to bring your own bottle of wine if possible to save the overcharge.5. I agree the food in the Italian restaurant is so-so, the grill at the beach is very good. It is not very convenient to go outside the hotel to eat.6. Four-hand massage is worth it, my opinion, also try to request for ocean view of the spa room. You can actually hear the splash of the ocean waves (what a nice way to fall asleep).7. Try to go to the main pool when the sun is setting (the pool closes at 6PM), swim close to the edge of the infinity pool and you will find the beautiful view of the ocean. Overall I think if money is not an issue this hotel is definitely worth a trip to if you are planning to stay in Bali!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>londonraindance
<Content>LOVE IT! Truly first class all the way.. Great villa with breath-taking views, excellent food and service is truly top notch. Stayed for 2 nights and 3 days, did not disappoint!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hilalee1
<Content>Pure Bliss The Bulgari in Bali was the 3rd destination in my honeymoon. I think it's safe to use the clich茅 I saved the BEST for last!!My stay was towards the beginning of Nov, so I was a bit worried about the rain ruining my trip. I guess I was lucky, because the sun was out during the majority of the time, with a few clouds here and there. I truly don鈥檛 know where to begin telling you about this resort? I arrived via a hired car my a previous resort in Ubud, and as soon as we got there, the staff was expecting us and greeted us with fresh cold mochitos, and showed us a top-view of the resort (Since the reception area is closer to the main gate of the resort rather than the beach). Mr. Radu Cernia, who then was the acting general manager of the resort gave my wife an I a brief description of the resort and a bit of its history. We were then whisked off to our villa (Ocean Cliff) via a buggy with our butler. The grounds of the resort were amazing, and you get the sense that you are the only person on the resort (While in fact it was about 95% occupied). The villa was extremely nice with very elegant touches worthy of the Bulgari name. The Villa had its own plunge pool, which was a bit small compared to the one in the resort I had come from in UBUD (For those of you wondering, it was the Royal Pita Maha); but the main pool was so amazing you really don鈥檛 feel like wasting your time in the Villa pool. There are 2 main restaurants in the resort; one was Italian (Very excellent) and the other was a mix of modern/Indonesian food, which was also pretty good. The Bar area was situated between the main pool and Sangkar restaurant; let me tell you that the bar area is very nice to chill at during the day or at night (Don鈥檛 miss their mini burgers and satay). I was very impressed by how Mr. Radu was always around the guests and always keeping sure that everyone was satisfied. In addition, it seemed to us that everyone in the resort knew us by name! The staff greeted my wife and me by our names which I found to be quite impressive. I stayed at the bulgari for four days, and left wanting more!After I checked out, I had a few hours to kill before going to the airport. We decided to relax at the bar with a very amazing view of the ocean. As I asked for the check, they told me that it was on the house, and looked to find a nice head nod from Radu across the other side of the bar, as he came to say goodbye.It was worth every penny I spent there!(Ill try to add my pictures later)  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>DRKR
<Content>spectacular setting, but is it in Bali?? The Bulgari is very well designed by the Citterio Office, it is made in the euro-asian (hip)syle: black and dark woods and stones, finest decor and linen in the villas, Bulgari amenities. The setting is extremely spectacular, the elevator to the beach site and the beach are unique, truely incredible (no swimming due to waves, but doesnt matter)!But: there is not a single sign or hint, showing you being in Bali!Nothing typical, everywhere just anonymous design. It could have been expected, that a Balinese resort refers more to traditional signs, esp. when made by a worldwide renowned design-studio. Only 2 restaurants (Italian and Asian); minus: who (except some Japanese or Taiwanese) wants to eat Italian food in Bali?? Asian food is a bit boring, menu doesnt change. So food and wines were not a highlight like all resorts we been in Bali the weeks before. The butler-system is more on a housekeeping-basis, and not really working. Staff is OK, but not too friendly. In our impression, they are trained to be a little formal, not so warm, helpful and frinedly like all other Balines we got to know during our trip.Overall it was a very pleasant 3-days cool-down of our Bali-trip, but nothing to remind long. The gorgeous views and the beach elevator are worth the stay, but dont miss to stay elsewhere in the country (esp. at The Chedi Club in Ubud)!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>luxestyle
<Content>Stylish, slick but not quite what you expect       Monkey near the pool at sunset  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>tikvica
<Content>pretentious and disappointing Me and my boyfriend spent 9 nights in Bulgari resort in Bali, and we were very excited to try out the new resort everyone was talking about.My first impression on bulgari was not good. Online reservation system was not giving much hope, so I left them a message to contact me. Of course, nobody did, so I called their UK number. The girl on the phone couldn鈥檛 tell me the difference between differently priced rooms, told me my preferences were noted but not guaranteed, and managed to write down both name and e-mail wrong, even after several rounds of spelling (i found that out after not getting the confirmation e-mail, so called to see what鈥檚 going on).Second big disappointment came with an e-mail, asking if we鈥檇 like a pick-up at the airport, quoting several different prices for different types of vehicles. I must say it never ever happened to me before that a $1000+ per night resort charges for airport transfer. And what a charge this was! A half an hour ride from airport to the hotel goes from $85 to $100+, depending on the car you choose, in an island where a hotel car with a driver usually costs no more than $20 per hour. One more thing they also offered is immigration assistance, of course, coming again with a fee (must I say that every good hotel in Bali has this service included).My first impression on the resort was 鈥?none. We arrived in the evening, and the resort is so badly lit you can鈥檛 see anything of it really (need to be careful when walking to your room after that extra glass of wine for dinner). Same goes for the room 鈥?we were very disappointed with the design 鈥?both aesthetically and practically . Maybe we expected a lot more (being fans of both Antonio Citterio and Bulgari hotel in Milan), so our disappointment was bigger. The overall design is quite simple. The layout of the room is not very well thought off, all the doors are extremely narrow - we鈥檙e both quite slim, and yet we were banging our shoulders every time when going through the doors; the entrance to the room is blocked by a writing desk 鈥?if one is sitting at the desk, the other person going in/out needs to squeeze in order to go through; a corridor (containing wardrobes) with extremely low ceiling divides the bedroom and the bathroom, which are both quite big. The narrowness of the corridors and the overall feeling of claustrophobia is accentuated by noticeable lack of light, both sunlight and artificial lighting. The villa is gloomy both during the day and night - I鈥檝e had mild headaches from huge effort to see better. Even the villa pool deck is in shade most of the day, so we kept chasing that little sun beam whenever we chose to stay in our room instead of going down to the pool.The welcome note left in the room addressed my boyfriend only, there wasn鈥檛 even a slightest hint on the note that they鈥檙e aware somebody鈥檚 accompanying him, even though I booked the room, and left them both our names and details. This manner was unfortunately utilized throughout our stay so that majority of staff was addressing him and him only 鈥?Good morning, sir, goodbye, sir, have a lovely day mr. I 鈥?when i鈥檓 obviously walking next to him.Wireless internet is available free of charge throughout the resort, and considering you鈥檙e in Bali, it鈥檚 not even that bad. There鈥檚 a TV with a DVD player in the bedroom, and a cd player with radio tuner in the bathroom. In-villa mini-bar offers a choice of sodas and beers, limited choice of fruit juices, no milk (on my first day I asked having milk in the fridge, so they brought some and refilled every day), biscuits only for snack, champagne (no wine 鈥?you need to call room service for that), some bad coffee and tea that tastes like weeds (having tried it the first day, I asked to have green tea instead, so they brought me jasmine green tea every day).The resort has two restaurants, italian and asian fusion. We were told by some people that the food is a bit 鈥渙ver the top鈥? and that鈥檚 exactly the right way to describe it. Especially in the italian restaurant 鈥?everything was served in such fashion, that I think it would scare even the most formal dinners鈥揵lack tie-crowd. And yet, with no background for it 鈥?we were so disappointed with the food 鈥?almost everything on the menu was merely tasteless. Add to this minuscule portions, and you鈥檙e bound to stay hungry throughout your stay. With a healthy appetite, you should prepare yourself for the full , 5-course dinner in order to fill your tummy (or go out for dinners). I must say though that the grill @ the beach club is superb.But my biggest disappointment of all was coffee. At least I expected good coffee in a resort with an italian brand behind it. Nope. It was so bad we haven鈥檛 finished the cup once. We even gave them instructions on how to make it, after a series of bad lattes and cappuccinos, but the result was still disastrous. So we just gave up and drank tea instead, waiting for some better coffee days to some.Also, don鈥檛 expect enjoying your sunset mojito by the pool 鈥?we switched to corona after several unsuccessful cocktails.If you鈥檙e beach lovers, this resort is definitely not for you. The hotel is positioned high on a cliff, and it takes some stairs, an elevator, than stairs again to get to the beach, which is btw coral beach, so swimming is prohibited.A few more issues: they haven鈥檛 found a way to stop humidity from going into pillows and matress, so they were very smelly 鈥?i had the impression i could sense the smell of various people sleeping in that bed before me. The resort is crowded with villas 鈥?59 鈥?and you have no feeling of privacy. You constantly hear your neighbours talking and buggies going by. The pool and the pool are are to small for hotel this size 鈥?considering the pool in the villa is more like a bathtub than a pool, and that nobody goes to the beach 鈥?so it can be a bit crowded. Oh, and they haven鈥檛 adopted the wonderful no-signing policy, so you need to spare the extra few moments after every drink/meal to sign the bill. Also, everything is ridiculously expensive.After all these things, I must say the service was almost impeccable. The staff were always friendly and smiling, almost all of them spoke very good english and we almost never called for anything twice. Though I must say their friendliness sometimes bordered with annoying 鈥?it can be a bit tiring saying hello and goodbye 10 times/minute. We were often interrupted during our meal - at one occasion our dinner was interrupted 4 times in less than10 minutes by four different staff members, coming to ask if everything was alright. And then, there鈥檚 also the 鈥渁ddressing the mr only鈥?thing.I need to say that some details are charming 鈥?a kite, a deck of cards and a little black book in your beach bag, great choice of bathroom amenities, fresh fruits and lovely desserts delivered daily and cute little presents left in your room leaves a nice touch. The goodbye present was very nice and originalMy intention was not to trash the hotel 鈥?it鈥檚 not a bad hotel, after all, but since it is trying to position itself to the level of aman resorts and it鈥檚 probably the most expensive hotel in bali, I feel I needed to comment on it exactly on that level. For this money (rooms start at $1060++) you鈥檇 be much better off in one of the amans or alternatively four seasons.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	1	4	4	4	

<Author>KOinCT
<Content>Heaven on Earth!       Comfy bed, beautiful room  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeff415
<Content>Incredible Bulgari Lives Up to the Hype       Villa Exterior  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>swissamerican
<Content>Great villas, exceptional food We were anxious to see the Bulgari hotel, having stayed at two other resorts in Bali and everyone talking about it. There was a slight concern about the service level since the hotel just opened a few weeks ago. The facilities of the villas are outstanding. Plunge pool, outside terraces and space, GREAT food and restaurants. It has a different feel than the Amanresorts. If you are looking for true quietness, you might be better off at one of the Amans'. However, the Bulgari manages to bring in a stylish feeling to Bali which one probably cannot find anywhere else, without destroying the Bali style and spirit. To me, a perfect mix! The service was good but not perfect as is to be expected at such a new resort. I m not someone who stops the watch to see how quick my breakfast is here...so I had no issues at all. My wife andI spent 2 full days just at the villa it was so nice without leaving it.It is not cheap but if one looks for a stylish alternative to the Aman's go for it !  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>samyoyoyang
<Content>The new luxurious and elegant style--- Bvlgari Bali               More photos  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>妤典笂銇儶銈俱兗銉堛仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19913276, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

