<Author>european-traveler101
<Content>Small, but good location       Room with 3 beds  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>SoleToronto
<Content>Fantastic Experience My husband, seven year old son and I stayed in the Golden Tulip Opera de Noailles from August 23rd to 29th this year. I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone. From the CDG airport, take the Roissy bus straight to the Opera and it is a few minute walk to the hotel. The hotel has an elevator, which is not so common for Paris; although it is small, it sure helped a lot with the huge three pieces of luggage that we had. The rooms are clean and neat, contemporary style, with balconies. The staff was extremely friendly, our son felt like at home in the director鈥檚 office since he wanted to play with Mme Caresmel鈥檚 dog each morning while we were having a leisurely breakfast. As for the breakfast itself: it was excellent, with a wide variety of options to choose from. For North Americans not willing to try the superb green tomato or fig jams (which I managed to find in a Provencal store and take home with me), there is cereal, orange juice etc. One can also sit outside in the small courtyard (weather permitting). An extremely nice touch from the Director was a bottle of champagne waiting in our room on my birthday (information leaked from our son). All in all, I do not think we will consider a different hotel next time we are in Paris.Family Baronian, Toronto  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjb_lmi
<Content>Highly recommended       Our mess  red filter  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Mish_el81
<Content>We loved it! We stayed here for 7 nights during a recent trip to Paris, it was a last minute booking and we were very pleasently suprised. The hotel is just 5 minutes from Opera. Our room was nice and modern with a very swish glass wall for the bathroom. The staff were always very helpful and friendly. We didnt try the food so i couldnt comment but there is a lovely little patisserie on the corner of the street that a must! I would recommend this hotel, i have stayed in othes in Paris and this one is far better.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RMCOttawa
<Content>Fantastic Place! I was at this hotel for a week in August 2006. My 5 night stay turned into 10 nights. I had an accident while in Paris and had to extend my stay at the hotel. I found the service to be extraordinary. The management and staff was more than helpful. The circumstances were particular and for the additional days I had to stay, they gave me a better rate than what I got when I booked with the travel agency.They upgraded the pillows in my room. Every day, the staff cleaned my room when I went down for breakfast and everyday, the staff in the kitchen prepared a special breakfast for me ( my jaw was broken). When I got back to my room, I found an ice bucket on the table with ice for the compresses I was using for my face. I didn't ask for any of this. They just did it. They even let me bring in my own dinner and let me prepare it in the little kitchen area. The staff was not only helpful, but caring. It made an otherwise horrific visit into a very decent stay. I'm going back to Paris in October of this year (2008) and I booked a room there again. If I have a bad day during my stay in Paris, I know that I will staying in a safe and welcoming place.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sweetkaty
<Content>Keep going - This is NOT a Phillip Starck or even close This is not the modern Philip Starck type of boutique hotel but a glorified neighborhood motel. I guess, they bought 1 life cycle and got the 4 Star rating for having a fitness center. The rooms are very small. The bathtub is narrow and I am only 96 pounds that even my bottom half felt smushed. There is a continual water drainage noise from the sink (what's up with that?). As for cleanliness, there's pieces of hair here and there but more disquieting is that the shampoo and conditioner they left for us was opened and half used. Front desk people give you the impression that they tolerate you like a boil they can't lance yet. Breakfast, well...skip the boiled eggs they've been there since the first millenium. Any special requests such as early check in is pleasantly ignored. Need an iron, you've got to bring your ironing down to the sub-basement. Not worth the price.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Wehogirl
<Content>Golden Tulip Opera De Noailles-Ideal Location I booked the hotel through BA Holidays and chose it for the value and location. Price has gone up a bit, with the value of the dollar sinking. It is a wonderful little hotel, with a very friendly and helpful staff. The room I was assigned was not that small, the bed was very comfortable and the air -conditioning worked well. Housekeeping did a great job of cleaning but sometimes would leave the window open and flies would be in the room. In Europe, most places do not have window screens and this is one of them. One of the things that I wished the room had was a kettle. The continental breakfast was one of the best I have experienced, with all sorts of meats, cheeses, yogurts, breads, cereals, and fresh fruit. My favorite pastry, at the hotel breakfast, was an apple tart-I found it to be absolute perfection. Location of the hotel is ideal, you can't do better.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Savoya
<Content>Still my favourite - but... This is definately my favourite hotel in Paris (considering my budget).Great location, friendly staff, surprising design features, nice rooms, clever lay out, but... we were lucky. Friends travelling with us stayed in the same hotel, at the same rate but didn't really get what we got. They walked into a really tiny and a little run down room, and the bathroom was very tiny and didn't 'feel' clean.So picking this hotel is like playing the lottery.You can get lucky - like we did, or you can be less lucky like our friends.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>fpkp
<Content>Really Nice Boutique Hotel in Paris! Just returned from Paris and stayed at this wonderful smaller hotel in a great area. There are two metro stops within walking distance, although it is very walkable to sites like the Louvre. When we first arrived we were shown three possible rooms, of which we picked one but had second thoughts. The next morning they happily showed us another room which we loved. It was on the 6th floor (rm 602). It had a big terrace outside, a much larger room (although they are still on the small side compared to North America) and lots of privacy. The rooms were very clean, the staff was great. Recommendations were given for dinner a few nights and we were never disappointed. I would definitely stay here again!!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>philmonthow
<Content>The Golden Tulip Noailles Is a Genuine Find I booked the Golden Tulip Noailles as part of my British Airways flight, and I must tip my hat to them. They list a few dozen hotels, but only three are recommended. This one well deserves that recommendation.The location is perfect, five minutes from the Opera and the great department stores, 10 minutes from the Louvre, and a few minutes from two Metro stations.The staff gives the lie to all the stereotypes people have of rude Parisians. I had a computer problem and a young man came up immediately and solved it in no time. All the front desk staff were extremely friendly and helpful.Contrary to a review on this site that claimed the breakfast is set out at 7 and just sits there, I saw the trays constantly replenished -- with an astonishing array of offerings: great cold cuts, first rate, ripe cheese, fresh fruit (including stewed rhubarb, which was in season while I was there), yogurt, cereal, as well as the great French bread and delectable croissants.The room was small but had everything I needed. The bed was comfortable. A minute down the street was the Restaurant Drouant, where I had one of the best meals ever. Restaurants featuring every cuisine are on the surrounding streets.When I go back to Paris I shall certainly go back to the Noailles.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emmachard
<Content>Excellent Location Stayed at the Opera Noailles for 2 nights for first time in Paris and it is an excellent location, 1 minute walk from the Opera and metro and 5 minutes to the Louvre. Lots of restuarants within the area although it did seem to get pretty quiet at the weekend in the area but wasnt a problem for us. We booked a standard room and I did ask for an upgrade at check in but was told the hotel was full that night. Our room was very small, probably the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in and have stayed in a few but was very modern and clean and quiet. We had a view over the small courtyard in the centre of the hotel and was fine for our requirements, although had we been traveling with our son there is no way we could have fitted a cot in the room for him! Breakfast was included in our rate and was nice, tea, coffee, juices, pastries, cheeses, hams and fresh fruit which could also be taken in your room if you chose. Overall the staff were friendly and helpful and the location is perfect for walking or using the metro and would stay here again but maybe opt for a superior room!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>YNWA1967
<Content>Great Hotel in Best Area of Paris We just got back from Paris and stayed at the Hotel De Noailles. We picked this hotel based on 2 months of research for a great hotel in a great location. Although the room we had for our first night was very nice, I had requested a balcony. The friendly staff told me that they would show me more rooms the next day and that I could choose from them.We ended up taking room # 602. Top floor overlooking the main (quiet) street. It had the largest terrace in the hotel and ran the length of our room and could be accessed from 2 sets of double doors. Although the rooms are small for North American standards, this room was more than adequate , especially with the extra room to enjoy on the terrace.We walked to the metro which was 2 minutes away and travelled all over Paris, very easily. When you come out of the Metro, you will be stunned by the gorgeous view of the Opera every-time. We had coffee and croissants at the famous Cafe de la Paix several times which is located in the Opera Square. We took the Roissy Bus from the Airport (and back to the airport when we left) for $8.50 Euro and it drops you of on Rue Scribe, right beside the Opera and 4-5 minute walk to the hotel. You can walk to the Arc and back all in one afternoon if you like to walk. We walked to the Jardin Tuilleires (gorgeous) then to the Louvre and then along the Champs Ellyses all the way to the Arc and back (stopping at amazing cafes all along the way)They also are 5 minutes away from les Galleries Lafayette, amazing shopping. (Go to the perfume section on the first floor and look up at the incredible dome for a great picture)We had the trip of a lifetime to celebrate my wife's birthday, but it was more like a second honeymoon because of the City, the hotel and the great , friendly staff. (Especially Nicholas  Grisele)We will be staying there the next time we come back to Paris  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thecamp
<Content>Very enjoyable stay Very enjoyable 5 nights stay. Staff friendly and helpful. Very clean Good food  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gdm86
<Content>Beautiful hotel The hotel is beautiful as well as the rooms.Excellent located and outstanding attention.If I return to Paris, I will return to this hotel.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jptChicago
<Content>Fanatastic stay, great staff! Great Stay, great locatiobn, great staff! Staff extremely helpful and courteous. make sure to reserve a room on the 6th floor with a balacony on the street side off the hotel. My fiance and I had coffee every morning on it and it was great. Also, for a great dining experience, try the restaurant on the corner ( one block down to the right when exiting the hotel) its the one with the fountain out front. The food was A+ and the service was great!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lola63
<Content>Terrific Location This was my 3rd visit to Paris and by far the best hotel. My room was quiet (facing an inner courtyard) and the staff were extremely responsive to requests--a flickering light bulb in the bathroom was changed within minutes. They are also helpful in navigating you around the city. The location can't be beat. Since I was on a budget, I'm comfortable taking buses and the metro and the hotel is close to both. A major street--Ave. de l'Opera, is close by and buses run constantly. The Louvre museum is within a10-15 minute walk. There are plenty of restaurants nearby where you can economize and not spend a fortune.  My room was comfortable but the extra chairs were small and less comfortable. The TV was enclosed in a high bureau space so that the door had to remain open and it was all too easy to hit your head on it. The bathroom was large and well equipped. Overall the hotel was very clean, the staff friendly and responsive and the location incredible. I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to anyone. Also, take advantage of the wonderful free view atop Galleries Lafayette, a terrific department store close by with several cafes inside.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LiadY
<Content>Great stay in Golden Tulip       Room photo  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>arfurdaley
<Content>Great Location Had a Lovely relaxing stay at the 'Noailles' with a great location within only 10 minutes walk from the Louvre. Great shopping around this area if that's your thing. Was greeted with a warm welcome on arrival and being earlier than we expected we were offered a room hours before normal check-in but declined this due to having the option of a balcony room a little later. All the hotel staff we encountered were very polite and helpful and we would not hesitate in recommending the hotel in the future.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fabiosoler
<Content>excelent choice .Great place to stay!!, a modern boutique hotel in a excellent central area, close to everything - walking distance to the major sites of the city, lots of restaurants,cafes and shoppingNice and comfortable room and bath, quiet place with a lovely decor, good size for Paris. Charming style and cleanGood breakfast, not too much amenities (its a little hotel)Helpful staff (this is one of the top points), nice and friendly people helps us for everythingOverall an excellent choice for this area and price rangeChoose this hotel its one of the best 4star in townI as a travel agent and leader of a big group, enjoy our stayMrs. Celine (sales manager) give us a big support with a good rate and care with my friends.Fantastic stay.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>feef63
<Content>Loved Hotel Noailles, Paris 13 of us ranging from the ages of 13 to 79 were extremely well looked after at Hotel Noailles in Paris. Celine was particularly helpful before we arrived organising a suitable room for my mother as well as organising bus trip, boat trip and meal in restaurant nearby. All staff throughout our stay were very friendly. Breakfasts were good and there is a lovely relaxed atmosphere in the hotel bar. The rooms were great. Everything clean, comfortable and exactly what you'd want. The location is great too. I would definitely book another stay in this hotel next time I'm in Paris.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>benhoff
<Content>Very good hotel, helpful with a little baby.. We travelled to Paris for two nights with a four month old baby from London on the Eurostar. We booked this hotel after doing extensive research a week before travelling and we got a good deal.The hotel were very accomadating with our request for an infant cot. Most of the rooms appeared to be small, however I think because of the cot we were moved from standard room to a corner room which offered more space.The lift was a little small and I would be surprised if it would be possible to us it if you were disabled and needed a wheelchair.The hotel and room itself were above average and the staff were helpful throughout. Always available to offer suggestions for resturants, booking taxi's and allowing us a late check out.The location of the hotel was ideal for our needs. We didn't use the metro once as we were lucky with the weather - it's always nicer to walk around a new city. The louvre was 10 mins away, the Eiffel tower was probably 30 mins walk along the river.Overall I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MsJCat
<Content>Charming little boutique hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel during part of our honeymoon. We stayed in the Junior Suite, which was 485 Euros/night, but we were on our honeymoon! They do have reasonably priced single and double rooms for tourists and vacationers. Our room was lovely, very spacious for a hotel room in Paris and it had a terrace, so we were very happy to be able to eat breakfast every morning outside. The location is very convenient for metro access and for shopping at the luxury department stores Printemps and Galleries Lafayette. Many of the major tourist attractions were within walking distance. The staff here were always cheerful and helpful to us. They also gave us great suggestions for restaurants, etc. All in all, I would definately recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>try2travelyes
<Content>Wonderful, modern, Excellent Customer Service This hotel was an excellent find. It has a great location near Opera and 3 metro stations. It was a little pricey, but we got a deal by booking 3 more days making it a great deal! The rooms are quite large for Paris hotel rooms, the beds were quite comfy and the bathroom was very spacious. We had a great time.The front desk staff were Extremely helpful and very friendly. The bar is okay, but again the service was great and friendly. I highly recommend this hotel it was an absolute joy!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>75008
<Content>A great find Hotel de Noailles is a very good hotel, that is well situated not far from opera and boulevard des italiens. Their website was easy to book on, the hotel looks good from the outside and, better still, the room and bathroom were suprisingly modern and large for Paris. The front of house staff were very helpful, including assisting carrying our skiis for a block. You could hear a light rumbling from the metro, but this is common anywhere in Paris. I recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gillers25
<Content>Great Stay We stayed here for a long weekend in Paris. In a city of overpriced hotels, this was a welcome change. Great location, anout 5 mins walk from the Roissy-Bus terminus at Opera. Small hotel, not many facilities, but great location and really well decorated. Will definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>statdoc
<Content>Very Pleasant 3-Star Hotel       Standard Bedroom, View #1  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>fifi_chu
<Content>fantastic hotel, fantastic location! We stayed at the Opera in January 2008. It is a great hotel, although the rooms were not huge, they are perfectly formed, and were actually bigger than I thought they were going to be (based on other reviews on this website), plus the bathroom was huge! the only tip I would say is try not to stay in room 8 (on the ground floor) if you are not an early riser. Although it is a gorgeous room, overlooking the outside patio, we were woken at 6.00am with the staff setting up for breakfast. They weren't being intentionally noisy, and the noise couldn't be helped, but it wake us up. Alright if you are planning on getting up at that time, but not if you want a lie in! We then moved to room 110, which being a corner room was a bit bigger than the other rooms we saw, plus it had a walk in shower and a big bath which was heaven after walking around Paris!The location couldn't have been better, right near two stations, Opera and Quatre-Septembre. You can walk pretty much anywhere from the hotel, my boyfriend and I walked all the way up to the Champs Elysee and Arc de Triomphe.I can't say what the breakfast was like as we didn't eat at the hotel, but it did look nice!Overall this was a great hotel, I would stay there again in a heartbeat and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Alphafighter
<Content>Great location, small rooms We stayed here in Sept 2007 for a week in Paris. Location is excellent, as we were withing walking distance of at least 4 subway stations and lots of tourist busses. Staff was extremely helpful, rooms was clean and modern. The only downside was the room was so small, but that's the norm around Paris. Overall, highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>al_kennedy
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location Searching for a hotel in Paris isn't easy because there are just so many choices. Do you select by location? Price? Brand? All of the above?On our last trip to Paris we wanted something nice since we would be there for New Years eve. The Golden Tulip was a great find. The location is perfect. It is just a few steps from the Opera (and the Metro) but the street itself is quite quiet. The rooms are note huge, but very well laid out. The beds were extremely comfortable! The only odd thing was the bathroom. The door and walls of the bathroom are frosted glass. This is fine for a couple but if you are with a friend, plan on getting to know them very well. There is also no sound insulation and it sounds like the person is brushing their teeth right beside you.The hallways are the only thing that look like they need to be upgraded a bit.The hotel staff was VERY friendly and they all seem to speak at least some English. There is no restaurant in the hotel but there are plenty nearby. There is also no parking in the hotel itself but you can find that rather close as well, but it will be expensive.This isn't a cheap hotel but I think it was good value for money. I'll definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>DingDing2k
<Content>Great location Just around the corner from the Opera (which looks amazing lit up at night) and handy for everywhere really, as there are Metro stations very close. Great rooms and the staff are efficient and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>KarenBCork
<Content>Poky Rooms But Cute Location If you're going to stay at this hotel, make sure you ask for a non-smoking room if you don't smoke. I found the room quite small and a little old. Website pictures didn't really match what we got at all! Needs an update to be honest!However, the area was really safe and cute. Loads of little pattissieres around and cafes!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>3nations_family
<Content>Pricey and small rooms but great location We stayed here for 4 nights in late November, the off season in Paris. Our superior double room was very small but quiet and overlooking the courtyard on the 5th floor. The location of this hotel is ideal for sightseeing in Paris as you can walk easily to The Louvre/ Opera/ Tuillerie gardens if the weather is OK and there are a few metro stations close by.The breakfast was fresh and plentiful and served until 11am with regular top ups.My only 2 issues were the tiny lift- which only takes 2 people and 2 suitcases, the only alternative to which is a spiral staircase. Not ideal for limited mobility people or at busy times.The other issue is the value for money - we paid 鈧?85 per night which was the best deal we could get at Booking.com having trawled elsewhere. Although this was including breakfast, I thought for the very small room and limited facilities offered by the hotel (no leisure activities/ tiny and empty bar area/ no real lounging area) that it was very expensive.The rooms are modern in decor and they are in the process of doing up the remaining rooms on the first floor to the same standard. Our bathroom was Ok but the shower was only a hand held one.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>callies
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed here for 6 nights the first of Sept. This location is perfect. Took the Roissey Bus from CDG, 8 euros, takes you two blocks from the hotel near the Opera House. We took a cab and was shocked it was so close, we could have easily walked. Staff at the hotel all speak English and were very helpful. We had the junior suite and it was very large for european hotels. The decor was wonderful, was very very clean and such a tucked away quiet location. Was our first trip so we were apprehensive at first but we had such a great time. We found the locals to be very nice and always helpful. Choose cafe's with an English description of their menu. Went to two great upscale restaurants that had the menus in French but each time the waiter was very helpful. The La Fontaine Gaillon, right behind the hotel, is a great choice. Only open during the week. The Dirigeable Rest in the 15th is such a quaint place and worth the effort to get there. 37 rue d'Alleray is the address. Take a cab. We walked almost everywhere in Paris from our hotel. The Metro (stop very nearby) is convenient we just did not need it, except to get the train to Versailles. Went on Sat when the fountains were running. Breathtaking. Used the open bus to see the sights and took a boat ride on the Seine at night. What a view of the lights. The top of the Eiffel Tower is worth the effort. Would recommend this hotel, a little pricey but not out of line in Paris. Would stay there again without a doubt.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gav D
<Content>Fantastic stay Spent a great 2 nights with my wife and infant son during the Rugby World Cup. I love the Opera area and always try to stay in the area but this hotel made it even more enjoyable. The hotel is well located for both metro travel (nearest metro station is Opera, about 2 minutes walk from the hotel) as well as walking. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful. The cold buffet breakfast in the morning was very nice (the only thing missing was a highchair for my son). We stayed in a triple room which was a nice size. The rooms are very modern with all expected conveniences. The hotel has 2 Japanese restaurants either side of it. We went to the more modern looking restaurant on the left hand side as you exit the hotel and the sushi was some of the best that I've ever eaten (at well below London prices!). All in all a great experience. I'll definitely stay there again on my next visit to Paris.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TLMinnesota
<Content>Right Where I Wanted To Be I was looking for a hotel in the heart of Paris that was convenient to the Metro and close enough to walk to museums (Louvre, Orangerie) if I wished. I also wanted a comfortable hotel with a helpful staff, since I was new to Paris. The Golden Tulip Opera de Noailles fit my needs perfectly. My wife and I were given a room with a king-size bed and a balcony, perfect for late evening relaxing and rest. In addition, the location was so close to the Metro, we were able to tour in the morning, come back and rest after lunch, and then return to touring and dinner with little travel time. The staff, who spoke excellent English, was very helpful in pointing out directions and additional attractions (i.e. shopping at Galleries Lafayette). All of this combined for a wonderful stay.I would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Digicision
<Content>Excellent Service, Excellent Location       Golden Tulip  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Heloro
<Content>Perfect experience We could have spent much more on a hotel and not had a better experience than we had. (As it was, we booked this hotel through British Air along with our air tickets, and they saved us a considerable amount.) The staff of this hotel was Johnny-on-the-Spot for anything and everything. The rooms  bathroom, while small by USA standards but typical for Paris, were beautifully kept, neat and clean, modern, and very, very comfortable. There was a small cigarette burn in the couch, and that's about all that marred a perfect hotel room. We were disappointed at the expensive connection for internet, but frankly, it probably served to keep us from frittering away precious time on the internet and spending more outside enjoying Paris! There is, however, an inexpensive internet cafe one block away from the hotel. The breakfast provided with the room was excellent -- great variety, very tasty. Be sure to try all of the jellies they provide (they tasted homemade, but we didn't ask.) The staff was wonderful, coming up in an instant when we called to say there was a problem with the hot water (the housekeeper had accidentally turned it off) or the air conditioning (we had opened the window, which automatically switches off the a.c.). Each time we called, they came so quickly, we thought they apparated up to our room, a la Harry Potter! Really, they were all terrific. We asked them to book 2 shows for us, which they did immediately (the Ballet of Cuba was wonderful; but if you've ever been to Las Vegas, skip the Moulin Rouge, it is sure to disappoint; try a different cabaret). All in all, we give 5 stars for this hotel, which, although not the cheapest, could not have been better at any price.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>fredouimett
<Content>Nice and cosy hotel in Paris During our last trip to Europe we made our reservation at the Golden Tulip Opera De Noailles Hotel. We were amazed at how clean and charming the place was.The staff were very polite and courteous As for location it is one of the best in Paris. We can walked to the Opera, Le Louvre, St-Michel, St-Germain and right near the metro.We strongly recommend itFred Ouimet  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ReniNewYorkCity
<Content>Fantastic Hotel-Great Location We just returned from Paris on June 23, 2007. Aside from Paris being a magnificent city, the Golden Tulip Opera de Noailles made our vacation even more so. The hotel is located on a side street in the Opera District which is so convenient to everything. Once you walk through the doors of this hotel you are amazed your in Paris. The hotel has a Zen Japenese feel, very modern and very charming. When I booked I requested a room with a private patio, we were told they could not guarantee this, but to our suprised we did get one of theseunbelieveable charming room. The room is small but wonderfullyplanned out with a large very modern bathroom, the private patiowe had was small but so charming it has a table and two chairswith jasmine trees and other foilage completely surrounding ourpatio. What a treat in the middle of Paris to wake up and have your breakfast surrounded by trees and birds on your private patio. The price of the room included a full breakfast which had everything from your typical french pastries to fruit, cheese, eggsmeats and so on. The staff went out of their way to help, with everything from suggesting fantastic restuarants to site seeing advise. The whole staff speaks fluent english which is very helpful. We already are planning our next trip there, because of the wonderful experience. We highly recommend this hotel toanyone seeking a quite refuge in this very busy city. We are from New York City and have travelled extensively, but this was quite a delightful surprise even for us.Renee  JackNew York City  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>craquell
<Content>terrible service This was my first trip to Paris. Our hotel was booked via a travel agent. The hotel was clean and charming but the service was terrible. Prob. the worst service I have ever experienced. The front desk sent us to a restaraunt that was literally shut down. Looked like it had been out of business for months. Then, we went to the bar to relax b/f heading out for the evening and there was no one working. We asked the front desk and they sent someone over to take our order and make our drinks. Once the drinks were made (one round) the woman wished us a good evening and went out with her friends (whom were waiting for her while she served us). That was it. No more bar service. Finally, we checked out and went to the English countryside. When I arrived I realized that I left the painting I had purchased in the room. I had a hotel rep. in England, who spoke French, call the front desk. When she told them I had left the painting and could they ask housekeeping if it was found, the front desk clerk said sorry, no painting was found. He didnt even bother asking anyone, he just said sorry. I called again the next morning in hopes of talking to someone more helpful and they did the same thing. So, make sure you dont leave anything behind. The last thing, the area the hotel is in lacks restaraunt choices, esp in the evening. I would stay near the latin quarter and when we visit again, we will NOT be returning here.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>lucaserra
<Content>Charming Boutique Hotel in Great Location My wife and I traveled to Italy and a stop over in Paris for 3 days with our 20 month old daughter. We were willing to pay a little extra to make sure we did Paris right, as the hotel can make or break your trip when you are traveling with a little one. We looked at about 100 hotels and narrowed the search to a couple and finally decided on this for a bunch of reasons - room size appeared good (compared to most European hotels), great location - easy to walk to sights/Tuileries Garden, seemed fairly updated and clean, good bar (although only open until 10pm) and outside sitting areas that we could go to while our daughter napped during the day or slept at night (with our monitor of course). It totally exceeded our expectations in all these areas. We had room for our pack and play for our daughter and all our bags (although we had to move some chairs out of the way) and the walls were thick - we couldn't hear anyone around on our floor and the hotel was booked solid. The bathroom was beautifully updated and had a tub/shower. Everyone was extremely polite and helpful...especially the concierge/bellman/bartender - Allen - who spoke perfect english and very friendly! The breakfast was not included in our room rate and we didn't take part - it looked very good, but 15 Euro a person for breakfast is not how we wanted to spend our money (Starbuck's right around the corner). Whether travelling with a baby or not, this is a great place.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>caughtthetravelbug
<Content>Fabulous hotel, great location! With a metro station a few minutes stroll away, the Opera de Noailles was located perfectly to explore Paris!The room was fantastic - really clean and spacious, a little too hot, but management came and sorted out the air conditioning for us which was great! The only gripe that we had about the room was the shower, which you had to hold above your head which made washing hair etc a bit tricky. Apart from that the bathroom was lovely.Our favourite thing about this hotel was the continental breakfast which was fantastic! There was so much choice of food which was all replenished regularly so nothing went cold/tasted stale.The only thing is, the lift in the hotel is tiny, so not sure it would suit anyone using a wheelchair. And the bar closes at 10pm, which was a little early for our liking. Overall, with the friendly staff, big, clean rooms, we found little to grumble about and thought that it was a fantastic hotel which we'd definately recommend!  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>al52c
<Content>Great hotel in a perfect location This hotel is a very nice place to stay while traveling for business or pleasure. My husband and I spent a few nights and we were quite happy with the hotel accommodations and the service we received from the staff. The thing we enjoyed most was being able to walk to most points of interest within the city. There was easy access to public transportation as well. We had a wonderful visit overall and we feel this hotel was an ideal place for us to stay.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Shakerfelix
<Content>Great Location We stayed for 3 nights. Booked over the internet and read Trip Advisor reviews. It deserved its good reviews. The hotel is in a great location. Very clean and friendly staff. Breakfasts are superb with a selection to suit all. Only disadvantage was that there were no tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms. I would highly recommend this hotel. It is rather pricey around this particular area in the restaurants but having said that, the quality of all the meals we had was excellent.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ahumm
<Content>Great Location, Staff, and Room We just spent 6 nights at the Golden Tulip for our first visit to Paris and loved it! Our flight arrived at 7:30 am on a Sunday morning, so we showed up to the hotel much earlier than their 1pm check in time. They had been booked solid the night before, but held our luggage for us while we went and got breakfast, and let us check in at 10am once they had our room ready., for no extra charge. The room was beautiful. It had a large bathroom with tub and shower, large windows next to the bed from ceiling to floor that were great to open up in the morning, and was super clean and modern. Bed was very comfy and they provided 4 big, fluffy pillows in the room as well. The staff was always helpful, providing umbrellas on the one day it rained while we were there, recommending good places to eat, and always happy to see us when we arrived back from a long day. The location was amazing. We were able to walk everywhere, and if you don't like walking there is a metro stop around the corner. The Opera house is around the corner, and the Louvre is within a few blocks. There are a ton of great restaurants next door to the hotel, across the street, around the corner, basically everywhere. Also a little market and many patisserie's nearby too. It was hard to get lost or run out of things to do since the moment you check in, they had you a map with all the major tourist sights well-marked on it, and a stack of brochures with things to do. Also a nice book was left in the room for us with even more recommendations. Would definitely stay there again and again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dickamc16
<Content>Best treatment possible We just returned from a 3- week trip to the UK, Paris, and Italy. Three of us stayed at the Noalles from March 11-15, 2007. We were very happy with our accomodations, including a very good breakfast each morning. The location (Opera district) is walking distance to many great places. Everyone at the hotel was helpful and efficient.On March 13, my wife's passport was stolen near the Eiffel Tower. Our whole trip was, of course, put on temporary hold. Our hotel's personnel, from the management to those at the reception desk, went into action. Calls were made to the US Embassy and the airline we were to leave on the next day. Even though we had no reservation for the night of March 14, we were able to stay an additional night and in our same room. The help with maps to the local police station and to the embassy was sincere and accurate. Our problem was resolved in less than 24 hours. We would stay at this hotel again without hesitation.Richard McFarlandSanta Rosa, CA  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ArmadilloLondon
<Content>Hmm - distinctly average Agree with Petrushka. We too booked largely on the strength of reviews here and felt others have been rather generous with their hyperbole. Bed not very comfortable and room as small as one expects in Paris. Biggest problem was that the only opening windows were full length french doors opening on to the central courtyard so we weren't happy about sleeping with them open. Location certainly central but won't be back.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>QTRXist
<Content>Superb Hotel,2 thumbs up I don鈥檛 write that many reviews even though I travel abroad 3 to 4 times per year. But I felt compelled to write this one! I heard about this family run place from my friends who stayed here last year. So based on theri recommendation, on my way back from Israel, I stayed here for 4 nights. I must tell you that I was very happy with every aspect of my stay in this hotel. This is an excellent location, so close to the opera and the shopping areas around. There is a supermarket and metro station in walking distance. On my arrival, I was greeted warmly and within 5 minutes was helped up to my room with my two HUGE luggages which the poor guy at this hotel howled up the stairs for me with a smile.The room is high tech, very functional with a full size bath tub and ample counter space for my tons of bottles of products and toiletry. I read another review here that claims that the wall dividing the bathroom from the room itself is see-through. This is simply NOT true! It is thick glass and frosted to the point of complete discretion. I wish i ahd a photo! The bath and shower in my room were spanking brand new! The bedding was soft and plush, super white and clean as heaven! There was a big basket of fruit in my room, apples and oranges and grapes and pears wrapped up very nicely welcoming me to Paris!The breakfast was absolutely great, with fresh jams, nutella (mmmm...yummy), hard boiled eggs, cold cuts, fresh pastry, cereal, great coffee, an assortment of cheeses and that wonderful French bread I could not get enough of!This hotel was a delight to say the least, in a country known for its unfriendliness to the American tourist. The hotel staff is super nice. Every body smiles all the time and they all speak good english which is rare in France! What is prompting me to write this review though is what I saw on my last day. I saw the hotel owner helping another American tourist whose passport had been stolen. As the tourist was panicking, the hotel owner calmed her down and assured her everything will be ok. She then made calls to the police and the American embassy for these guys and I heard from them in the evening that travel papers were arranged for them that same day with the help of the hotel owner! Now that is service! When you are stranded in a country and you don鈥檛 know your way around, wouldn鈥檛 you want to get TLC like this? I certainly would! Two thumbs up for this hotel. I highly recommend them and will definitely come back!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FidoOman
<Content>Great service, cleanliness and location This is not my first trip to a European city, and all in all, my experience at the Golden Tulip Opera De noailles Hotel was a great one. First the reservation was done directly with the hotel, who was prompt and clearArriving to the hotel, the location is amazing, in the heart of Paris, this saves you a lot in terms of transportation if you take taxis, as it is walking distance from many attractions. the hotel staff was great, from receptionist to bellboy, this reflects a great management and attention to detail in all. the hotel rooms are adequate to Parisian hotel rooms in size, and the facilities are as great as in a 5 star hotel. the hotel decoration has a lot of taste, with little details. I highly recommend this hotel to any person visiting ParisFady  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tarkhisis
<Content>Fantastic Location My husband and I stayed for 4 nights in Feburary this year. We had a double room on the 6th floor. The hotel has a small lift which helps with the luggage. It looked exactly like it does in the photos and we found it aqequate but a bit small. We had no problems as the room was cleaned daily and quite.The best thing about the hotel is the location. It is easily accessible from the Opera Metro station (which is less than 5 minutes walk) and you can easily walk to the Lourve/D Orsay museum.There are many restaraunts in the area (surrounding Opera) which can be a bit pricy - which is expected in a tourist area and a local department store.We had no problems with safety as the streets are well lit and there are many people around at night.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>50_years
<Content>Big smile every night The room was small, but we did also have a small private veranda. The rack price (and also some internet-rates) is a bit high, we managed to pay less than a half trough a good web-site. Clean room, breakfast a bit better than continental. The best was the night portier who always had a smile and gave us good advice when we where asking for restaurants. He cared for the customers. Not everybody who worked dayshift had that nice welcomming smile or attitude. All over we would recomend the hotel to our friends. The hotel is situated in a quet street very close to the main opera (100 meters) and the big shoppingarea (300 meters). Just 100 meters from the nearest Metro station on line 3.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Petrushka3
<Content>Very disapointing My partner and I spent a week at the Tulip and I must say were hugely disapointed at pretty much every aspect of the hotel.Whilst the location is good and thanks to the excellent Paris Metro, offers great access to everywhere in the city, the hotel itself was in my opinion sub-standard.On arrival our greeting was not terribly warm and it took a considerable time for our booking to finally be acknowledged and to be shown to our room.Obviously the building was not designed as a hotel so there is only a tiny lift or narrow staircase to use. Our room was very small and functional with no real sophistication or specific quality although there was a great balcony. The real issue for me was the bathroom - this had been crammed into the room by putting a very thin and simple dividing plastic/glass wall! Not only did this make the room even smaller, but being frosted plastic/glass it didn't exactly allow for much discretion! The bath and shower itself was also old, tiny and unimpressive. In short the room was terrible in my opinion.Two other issues I had were the fact that the bar closes at 22:00 - the bedrooms are not nearby so I just couldn't see the logic and the breakfast was simply awful! Tepid rubbish that was clearly just left on the heaters since being put out at 07:00! (fine if you want to get up at that time on holiday).I genuinely don't write bad reviews for the sake of it and actually chose this hotel on the basis of strong comments on trip-advisor, but I'm sorry to say this hotel was simply a huge disapointment and I would certainly not recommend it.Whilst the last thing you want to do on a city break is spend much time in your hotel room - it makes a significant difference if it's a room you look forward to getting back to - this wasn't!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chickeeVancouver
<Content>An oasis in the heart of Paris Both my husband and enjoy returning to Paris and to our favorite hotel in the Opera district - once again, the family runned hotel came through and provided us yet again a wonderful home away from home!We look forward to their copious breakfast always and normally conclude our day by enjoying a quiet drink in their lounge.The staff is discreet and very service oriented - what else can one want as an escape?Overall in location, value  ambiance, this is our choice!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PacketCat
<Content>Clean, crisp, friendly and well designed My wife and I stayed 7 nights and loved them all. While the room is small, it is in step wityh European design, it is clean and wonderfully designed to make it livable.The staff is friendly and accomodating. They were truely human.The beds are comfortable and lighting in the room is perfect. Did I say how clean everything was? The elevator is small and you get to meet the other guests. The shower is a challenge for Americans, but we were able to keep clean without too much of a mess.We ate at the cafe on the corner and saved a bit of money. With the American dollar in the tank it was worth walking the 15 steps. They were friendly too.There is a Metro Stop a block away, it is closer than Opera and is the 4 Sept. station. Coming out of the Metro go left one block and make left and you are there. Buy the ten trip Metro package. There is a great bakery up the street too.Shopping is three blocks away and there is a bus that goes to the airport nearby.I love Paris, my oh my do I love Paris because of my stay at this Tulip hotel.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mcat19
<Content>Loved GT Opera De Noailles Golden Tulip Opera de Noailles is perfectly located in central Paris. From CDG take the Roissy bus (approx.鈧?) and it is only a 5 minute walk to the Hotel. Opera is a fantastic area for cafes and restaurants and shopping is only a few minutes walk at Haussman/Gallaries Lafayette! Opera Metro is nearby. The hotel is clean, warm and safe and is perfect for a base in Paris. While the triple room is small for three people it is sufficient- we stayed three days and it was more than fine. Breakfast is good and plentiful! Unfortunately, work is ongoing on the Spa facilites (but no noise disturbance) and it was closed, but will open again soon. A brilliant place to stay and a good base to see the sights! Staff are helpful and friendly, rooms are clean and quiet and location is fantastic! Recommend to couples, families or business travellers. Will certainly use again on next trip to Paris. It is worth remembering four star in Paris is not quite four star elsewhere! 8.5/10  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>rchiki
<Content>Loved it! Great Location The hotel is just 2 blocks away from the opera, you can walk to the Luvre museum, it will only take you 5 minutes. The staff is very friendly and helpfull, the rooms are very comfortable with great bedding, the bathroom quite spacious and very clean. Even though the hotel is close to shopping centers and restaurants, it's very quiet!, not a lot of traffic. The price was just right!.Overall I would say this is one the nicest hotels to stay in. We would stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>David38
<Content>Good value, nice hotel, kindly staff Perfect location, quiet, nice new and old furnitures. Near the bus from the airport. Close to shopping and cafees.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mercerisland
<Content>Loved the Golden Tulip Op茅ra de NOAILLES My daughter and I enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Golden Tulip Op茅ra de NOAILLES. The location is excellent, the room was charming, and the hotel staff helpful and friendly. We highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>gwhite19
<Content>Wonderful stay in the centre of Paris! We stayed at the Hotel Noailles for 10 days in October and had a truly great time. Our room on the top floor overlooking the courtyard, was lovely and we couldn't believe how quiet and peaceful it was. The staff at the hotel were all fabulous, friendly and helpful - they gave us some great advice about local restaurants (you should really try Drouant just down the road) and gladly assisted us with the myriad travelling issues that come up. I happily recommend this Hotel to anyone looking for a smart base for a short stay in Paris.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>pegnbuck
<Content>Seven Wonderful Nights We spent the last week of Sept at the Opera Noailles and would highly recommend it. Actually we were not happy with our first room that overlooked the street and they happily changed it for us to a much quieter one looking into the courtyard and moved our bags for us. The employees were all very nice and most helpful.We have previously stayed in the Latin Quarter and would recommend this area near the Opera to anyone. It is bustling day and night with many types of places to eat, from quick Croque Monsieur to 'baby bistros' and everything in between. The location is excellent for walking to everything you might want to see. We even walked to Montmartre (that was a little excessive!).The room was clean, of a fine size and the bath actually rather spacious.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tamaradale
<Content>Stay in Paris after a long flight from australia, it was great to arrive at a first class hotel with great service and facilities. great location. nicholas has been extremely helpful and has made our stay very pleasant. thank you  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fredrika
<Content>Really good! We got a nice room with a fantastic balcony.         
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wickedfrenchlady
<Content>the most charming I just spent 10 days in Paris at the Noailles. It is a 2 minute walk to the Opera and the metro. Walking distance to Galeries Lafayette, Printemps and many chops. Close to Place Vendome, is it the best location you can find.The hotel is a typical French hotel, full of charm and flavour. It offers a bar lobby, a breakfast area as well as an exercise room. It is a great place for business people as well as tourists. The personnel is professional, courteous and attentive. The owners are on the premises which gives it a personal touch. The rooms are all different and kept immaculate. I recommend this hotel to everyone, it is perfect.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missybrooks
<Content>Great staff, nice rooms and excellent location! We really enjoyed our 10 day stay at the Noailles. We found the staff to be very helpful and the location is excellent. We took the Metro all over Paris and the Opera metro station (3 blocks away) is very convenient as it is one of the larger ones. A walk to the Louvre was under 10 minutes. The room was spacious (we booked a Superior)  and the bathroom was actually quite roomy (compared to the nicer hotels we've stayed at in New York - as with most large cities, the hotel rooms can be on the smaller side). Service to our room was very prompt and Nicolas was very helpful in recommending transportation options. We would definitely recommend the Noailles to anyone who is looking for a nice, quaint, customer-friendly hotel centrally located to all good things Parisian.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Abilene_Mark
<Content>Stylish hotel, Wonderful staff This thoroughly modern hotel in the heart of the Opera district was impeccably clean. Room sizes were on the large end of the spectrum for the price in central Paris. The highlight of our stay, however, was the staff. They were thoroughly courteous during our stay. When my wife left a bag in the taxi on the way to the airport, the staff called the taxi company, recovered the bag, and shipped it to us promptly. I would recommend the hotel without reservation.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Voila!
<Content>Good with unfortunate exceptions My husband and I stayed in this lovely modern hotel for 5 nights.We enjoyed the area of opera garnier and it was very convenient to the metro. We had an unfortunate circumstance at the hotel which must be noted but still enjoyed our stay there.The power went out all over the hotel at midnight one evening and there was yelling and banging in the hotel that kept us awake until morning. When we awoke our toilet room was flooded due to a new leak in our ceiling. The power was out for several hours and no one in the hotel could take a shower or see in their rooms or the hallway. Because of the power outage we also did not receive our wake up call and missed our morning tour. When we spoke calmly and politely to the assistant manager we were met with a very unfortunate rude attitude and no customer service solutions.We gave her every opportunity to help the situation in anyway she could and she came up with less than adequete and quite rude responses. She even told us, Get over it, life happens, things happen and we must move on. She also told us because we had received a deal or lower rate at her hotel we should not be complaining. I will give her grace and assume that this was more of a language and cultural barrier than her intention.We have never left a negative review for a hotel but felt this was important enough to be communicated to travelers.Finally, they do have an exceptional employee that the management staff at Noailles could learn from and that is Alan. He was a sincere help and delight.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wine_n_dine
<Content>Great location and modern decor We stayed here for a few nights last month, after recommended by a friend and reading some good reviews here. We found the hotel and its rooms of a good quallity. The decor was quite new and modern, unlike most other classic hotels in Paris which is old and worn down. The location is great, close walking distance to the major department stores and airport bus stop. Although it was really cheap, it was worth it, given the location and quality of the rooms. The staff was although helpful. We also experienced a black out whilst we were there, it was fixed up by about 11am in the morning. Apart from that, I don't have much complaints and would stay here again in future.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jeanpierrebiarritz
<Content>Lovely Week End What a lovely week end in Paris I spent with my wife, mainly due to the warmest welcome I never had in a Paris hotel. I spent two nights in Hotel de Noailles, a perfect location in the middle of the city, and the kindness of the hotel manager as well as all members of staff helped us to find all resons to come back as soon as possible.The decoration of the room, the atmosphere of the lobby and the quality of the breakfast made the stay unique and the price was incredibly reasonnable compared to the standing of this hotel.I will recommand it to everyone who plans to visit Paris.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>robatwork
<Content>poor Stayed for three nights at this hotel with my girlfriend, upon arriving we were a little dismayed at the size of the room we had, although we had booked only a standard room dont be fooled by the website as the pictures on there must be for the superior rooms. The standard rooms are about 8ft/10ft and a small bathroom which can only accomadate one person at a time.Our first night was a sleepless one as the airconditioning failed in our room, the mini bar did not work (it did not cool) nor did the hotel have any ice with which to cool our drinks. I asked if we could be moved to another room at 6am while the air con was fixed, this did not happen, the air conditioning was eventually fixed at 11am by which time we were very tired and hot (34 degrees while we were there).The mini bar was not fixed at all despite reporting the problem, we had no choice but to go down to the bar for ice ( if they had any) anytime we wanted a cold drink in our room.Breakfast in bed is 30 euros, be sure to finish it quickly or the maid will hassle you for the tray back.The gym/spa was not in use the whole time we were there...We were not overly impressed with the hotel and would not stay again. 3 star max.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	2	1	4	4	2	1	2	

<Author>kate_piper
<Content>Average value even when lights and hot water worked The hotel had a power cut for most of one night and the following day during our stay which meant no lights or hot water and our bathroom had no window so was in darkness throughout. This was unfortunate but the response of the hotel staff was what seems to be a typically Parisian approach to customer service - just a shrug at reception after waiting 10 minutes behind another guest to ask the one member of staff available for an indication of when it might be possible to take a hot shower. She said they were doing what they could to make things better for the guests but this seemed to amount only to lighting candles in reception. No sort of compensation was offered.Otherwise the hotel was clean and quite stylish with a very comfy bed, although poor sound insulation between rooms and floors. All in all, okay value for money (by exortionate Parisian standards) when it had electricity but attitude of staff means I wouldn't rush back in a hurry.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>joojeh
<Content>a little secret gem in the heart of Paris         
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>raiden
<Content>Good Hotel       View of room (from door)  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect I booked this hotel for my wife and I based on the reviews written on this site. We were not dissapointed. Although the rooms are small and the shower was not the best, we really enjoyed the time there. Service was friendly and professional. Breakfast was a treat. Certainly one of the best features is the location of the hotel. Near to almost everything!!! I would really recommend this to anybody who wants to spend some time in Paris  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Quite nice This is probably one of the better hotels in Paris, especially if you avail of their special internet rates. Room very small but bright - very little room to get out of bed and furniture a bit awkward (beware of injury). Very stuffy and poor air conditioning so be careful if air temperature is important to you. Good sized bathroom. Lovely breakfast area in garden courtyard and good choice of items in the buffet. Location central but a little noisy , however the hotel itself is on a quiet side street. All in all recommended for those on a low/medium budget.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>an excellent hotel we had 4 magical days in Paris and the hotel was the cherry on top!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have watched this hotel evolve We have been staying at this hotel for over ten years. We originally chose it because of its location which suited our business needs perfectly. Initially the hotel was good value but a little  quirky However the efforts the owners have put into maintenance, redecorating and renovation have paid off and today the hotel - while maintaining its intimate atmosphere - provides a sophisticated ambiance worthy of its Tulip Inns 4 Star rating.The hotel does not have a restaurant but serves an enhanced  Continental Breakfast  in a small area adjacent to the bar. Other breakfast options are available at nearby cafes and there are many restaurants in the immediate area to cover all tastes and pricing. No matter how many times we visit it is always pleasant to be welcomed by the friendly and forever helpful staff ( some of whom have been there since we first stayed at the hotel) - and the resident  Westy  is a gem.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PINKGILLY
<Content>A superb hotel in a great location We have just returned back from a weekend stay at this hotel, which we booked after reading the reviews on Trip advisor. We were in Paris for the England v France International rubgy game looking to combine the game with a weekend break. This hotel is in a great location, easily accessible for the metro, the sight seeing delights of Paris and the shops. The Opera area is a very nice part of Paris and the restaurant prices in that area reflect that. The hotel is easily accessed from the Airport by taking the Roissy bus which costs 8 euros one way. The bus stops right outside the Opera which is approx 2-3 mins walk from the hotel. The bus runs every 15 -20mins from and to Charles de Gaulle airport. The journey takes about 40-45mins. We found the hotel to be of a very high standard. The rooms are of a contemporary design - yes they are a little bit on the small size but this is quite normal with Paris hotels. The hotel accomodates all of your needs. The hotel staff were very friendly and the service was of a high standard. The staff are not imposing, I found them to be very friendly and the hotel has a very relaxed feel about it. The hotel is in a great location just off the main boulevards in a quiet location but only a few minutes walk from several bars and restaurants. Also you are not far from the large department store Gallery La Fayette which is a must to visit if you love to shop. If you like an early morning cup of tea or coffee then you will need to pack a travelling kettle as there are no tea making facilities in the room. I have stayed at several hotels in Paris and for value for money and location I would have to say that this hotel is a great hotel for a short break.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dublinadvisor
<Content>Good location The hotel is in an ideal location and the Roissy Bus from Charles de Gualle stops a five minute walk away making commuting from the airport relatively hassle free. The hotel was very clean and quiet altough I found the bedroom and the adjoining bathroom to be very small and I am a small person!!Our breakfast was included in the rate so I can't comment on value for money but it was well stocked each morning and everything was very tasty.As I said above, its a great location and 5-10 minutes walk will have you in the Lourve. Lots of restuarants within walking distance and its quite close to Gallerie La Fayette if shopping is on your agenda. A little on the expensive side for what it was but then again this is Paris, so you come to expect that.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Valentine's Day in Paris My wife and I enjoyed our stay. The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. As advertised, this hotel is perfectly located in the heart of Paris. Although our room was small, we found it and the hotel to be extremely neat and clean. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>goldbloro
<Content>Nice but expensive It is very nice but is too much expensive for the service that they give. Qaulity of service is good but it isn't at same level like others hotel.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jonnyl_7
<Content>Didn't live up to expectations.............. I used Trip Advisor to book a hotel in Paris for our Honeymoon. Having read the good reviews here I went ahead and booked.Unfortunately, it did not live up to expectations, although, that is more to do with the staff than the hotel itself.I emailed the hotel a week before our trip to explain that we would be on our honeymoon, and to request a room with a bath specifically.On arrival we were handed the key without any conversation. The room we were given had twin beds and no bath! To add insult to injury, it was the only room on the floor without a bath. I returned to reception to ask if there was an alternative, and after some blank looks was told there was one other room we could look at. It had a very small bath and the room itself was smaller too.That said, the hotel is nicely decorated, convenient for the Metro at Opera and serves a decent breakfast until a reasonable time.A word of warning - if you intend to book this hotel ask for a room that does not end with the No. 5 - they are the small ones without baths!!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended Excellent location for the bus to the airport, 2 metro stations, great restaurants and to walk to see the sights of Paris. Breakfast buffet is well-stocked and good value for Paris. Staff is incredibly efficient, friendly and helpful. Comfortable Bed. Clean and quiet room overlooking courtyard. Nice bathroom. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Arrive as a client, leave as a friend I use Trip Advisor regularly and have found the reviews to be unfailingly helpful, although I have never been tempted to write one before. As it happens I have never used Trip Advisor for Paris as I always stay at the Noailles, 4/6 times a year normally, both business and pleasure. Anyway I was idly surfing the reviews and came across my favourite hotel and thought I might add a few comments from a business traveller perspective.Firstly the reviews that I have read on the Noailles seen to be pretty close to the mark. Yes the rooms are not overly large (some are smaller than others) and yes there are some design quirks (this is Paris you know) and no I am not going to tell you my favourite room, its difficult enough to get it already!I believe there are three reasons to stay at the Noailles. First, the location.Second, the constant attention to detail and almost continual upgrading and improvement to the rooms and reception areas.Third and the most important (which has been mentioned by others) is the efficiency and genuine desire of the owners and their staff to please. This is not an impersonal hotel! Over the years I have been staying here I have been helped on many occasions, ranging from Florence going out to find me a pair of cufflinks when I had forgotten mine and was already late for a meeting to the time when after walking past a construction site I received a small sliver of metal in the eye and Martine got me to an ophtalmologist within fifteen minutes in order to get it removed.That kind of attention is simply without price and is the reason I would never willingly stay anywhere else when I am in Paris.I read an advertisement for a BB recently, it said arrive as a client, leave as a friend I could not think of a better description for the Noailles.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ironmike110
<Content>Charming Hotel - Great Location The Hotel was a little gem. All the staff were extremely helpful and polite. The room was more than adequate with an extremely comfortable bed and lovely bathroom. Breakfast was nice also. An added bonus was the location - we got the Roissy bus to the opera and walked the 300m to the hotel. From the hotel we walked to Louve, down the Seine to the mus茅e d'orsay and onwards to the Eiffel Tower and up the champs elysees. It very close to the Opera underground also.This Hotel really is the perfect base for a weekend in Paris!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>C'est manifique! A wonderful hotel! Clean, well appointed beautiful rooms, wonderful breakfast available. Lovely staff. very helpful and welcoming. Location is incredible = within walking distance of almost everything! Metro stops close by - couldn't be better!We were able to walk to museums, the opera house, restaurants of every type and price range, theater, etc. The Roissey bus from the airport dropped us just steps away from the hotel. The combination of convenience, location and quality made for a very wonderful experience.Everyone we encountered in the hotel was helpful and warm.Recommend it wholeheartedly!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Graet Hotel and Great Staff My husband and I booked our Paris trip with a travel agent who told us she was a Paris expert. We were very disappointed with our hotel and it's location.We decided to relocate and came across Golden Tulip, Opera De Noailles.Nicholas was wonderful. He explained the services, rates and even showed us the rooms. We decided to book the rest of our stay with him.The room was a good size with a clean comfortable bed. It also had a bidet, air conditioning and a safety deposit box.The breakfast buffet was fresh and offred many choices. The food service staff was good, too.Moving to this hotel saved our trip. We are so happy with the way we were treated and with the hotel. A very pleasant experience.We would definately stay at Opera De Noailles again!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kicia_pookie
<Content>Fantastic little gem in the middle of Paris - Stayed for our honeymoon:) We visited this hotel during our honeymoon (we stayed there from June 22 - June 28 - it was quiet and we left just in time as large groups of tourists started to arrive - would not recommend staying in Paris in July or August anyways as it becomes very crowded and crime rates are significantly higher during those times) and found it to be nice, quiet, with continental breakfast included (which was enough because you'd want to eat out in Paris:) The staff was great, the room was small but quiet and clean and we only slept there anyways so that did not matter... we were treated very well as they knew we were on our honeymoon so we had wine and cheese and grapes daily sent to our room... overall fabulous hotel and central location (close to everything) - would highly recommend:)  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>evertoncity
<Content>Small room We have just returned from a three day stay at Hotel Noailles and as far as the bedrooms are concerned, can only comment on room 504. All the communal areas were very good, buffet breakfast excellent, staff most helpful and pleasant and everywhere spotlessly clean. The hotel is in a good position for all transport, and the street was quiet. Room 504 was quite small, twin beds,only one small upright chair at the desk/dressing table with no mirror over. The very small bathroom was badly designed, toilet almost against the wall  immediately behind the door, difficulty in using the hairdrier near to a mirror,poor ventilation. steamed up easily. But all very clean. Maybe designers should use the rooms? We would visit again, but would try to obtain a larger room etc. Room 504 was listed as costing 290 euros per night. These are just little niggles and did not spoil our visit. We did make these comments to the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Turcolo
<Content>Fantastic service   showReview(3648810, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>toppytoe
<Content>A good choice   showReview(2910007, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>highly recommend   showReview(2812126, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>running
<Content>Nice decor and nice hotel - but where is the water?   showReview(2624480, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>testerooni
<Content>Good base for visiting Paris.   showReview(2156625, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb location   showReview(1741957, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sophieinsf
<Content>Nice Bargain Hotel   showReview(1707978, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Location   showReview(1646808, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room For Improvement   showReview(1235713, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kazuk0
<Content>鍎仐銇勩偣銈裤儍銉?#x201d;   showReview(23214916, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>latalpaBologna
<Content>tutto sommato bene, ma caro   showReview(22844225, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	1	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>a_azzz
<Content>浣曘倰銇欍倠銇倐渚垮埄銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(20924847, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans hesiter   showReview(20551711, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione, buon servizio   showReview(20551710, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spobe
<Content>Rapport qualit茅/prix faible.   showReview(19355204, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s bon hotel au centre de paris   showReview(19639509, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage - g眉nstig zu erreichen und doch ruhige Zimmer   showReview(19639512, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>auf alle F盲lle beim n盲chsten Paris-Besuch wieder   showReview(19639511, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral, sauber, nettes Personal und gutes Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(19639510, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Habe bedeutend mehr erwartet   showReview(18541761, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfektes Stadthotel   showReview(16598868, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da tenere in agenda   showReview(13982798, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s satisfaite   showReview(13201330, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>klyne
<Content>Perfection 脿 Paris   showReview(10979479, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frednot
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(10637098, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gaybrush
<Content>H么tel magnifique   showReview(7843675, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pefekt f眉r Paris bei mittlerem Portomanie   showReview(11359069, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>monnalisa
<Content>Superlativo Assoluto!   showReview(4586801, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely and stilish location in Paris!   showReview(4332995, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

