<Author>MsPugh2U
<Content>Really Pleasantly Surprised! I told my boss I was staying in San Francisco at a hotel in Union Square for $113/night and he looked at me and said, I'm afraid for you.You DO NOT have to be afraid of the Abri. The rooms are small (tiny, actually), but modern and chic. The beds are comfortable, even if there are about 8,000 pillows on the bed and you'll have to clear off most of them before you make room for yourself in there. Oh, there is no bathtub, if you care about that. The staff is friendly, pleasant, and remembers you. The coffee in the lobby isn't bad at all. You practically stumble out of the Powell Street BART station and you're at the hotel; it's also right by one end of the cable car line and the F line streetcar that takes you over to Embarcadero, where you can get the boat to Alcatraz. There's just about everything in terms of shopping--cheesy teenybopper accessories stores, DSW, Nordie's, Loro Piana--it runs the gamut.Overall, if you're looking for a nice sort of place to lay your head, and want to be sure you're not in the ghetto or the 'burbs, are close to transportation, and don't have to sleep on cheap scratchy flowered bedspreads, you're doing pretty well staying here.Oh, yes, and there's free wireless internet, which is, of course, terrific.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>lovin_it_xyz
<Content>great service, great room Everything was taken care of... Although I was first given a room that smelled like an ashtray, I was quickly placed into a new room. The hotel is completely smoke-free, but apparently someone didn't notice that you would be charged $250 if you smoked in the room. The new room was great and a little larger. I had a 1 bedroom suite with a king bed. You can tell that the rooms have been renovated to look modern, but some of the old doors and trim remain, giving the rooms a unique feel. There are two huge flat screen TVs in each room, a very comfortable bed, and a great bathroom. The sitting room has a nice big desk, perfect for working, with a sofa bed, chair, and coffee table. I had no problems with the free WiFi connection. The service was fantastic. This place would be great for a business stay or for a romantic weekend.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paula28
<Content>A Great Little Find In San Francisco We have just returned from a 5 night stay in the Hotel Abri, having travelled from Dublin, Ireland, and have only great things to say!Having reviewed numerous hotels on the web and trip advisor, we stumbled upon Hotel Abri and were impressed by the many favourable comments from other guests and decided to book it on the strenght of them.On arriving we were immediately greeted by hotel staff who were very welcoming and helpful. Belinda in paraticualr was a pleasure to deal with and made check in a painless process. Adam was always on hand with great tips on where to go / what to do.Our room was lovely, a seperate sitting room with bedroom and bathroom off it. The hotel has been recently refurbished and everything is clean and prtistine. The bed is nearly too comfortable!!The location of this hotel is perfect - right off Union Square and central to the Westfiled Shopping Centre / cable cars / bart etc. Its a nice safe area which helps as there can be certain parts of the city that it would be best not to venture to.I would highly recommend Hotel Abri and would definitely stay there if we return to this beautiful city in the future. For the price you pay you are gettting very good value for money!! Must also say thanks to Hilary on the front desk for all her help!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chimark
<Content>Great service, average room Hotel Abriseems this was just completely remodeledpros:great location for shopping (union square) and transportation (BART, muni, F line, buses, plenty of cabs) and Foley's is nearby which has Murphy's on tap!great front desk staff from our check-in to our check-out, very personable and helpful, fun to talk to.beautifully finished lobby areacool toilet in room with half or full flush option, a great eco decision by themgigantic television in our room6 pillows provided, so you have a choice to find the one you are comfortable onnice shower, although no tub.cons: the king size bed and desk near the foot of the bed are so close together that you can barely squeeze by, the room is crowded and it'd be tough for someone to use a wheelchairthe windows look directly across to other windows of the hotel, you have no privacy unless you sit in darknessthe bathroom had no counter or shelf next to the mirror, getting ready was tough; however, there was a shelf closer to the toilet.no breakfast (although apples and bananas were provided downstairs, that counts for something for sure)as you walk through the hotel you can't help but think they finished the rehab quickly or carelessly... numbers on doors are crooked, things in our room were even crooked or not tightened (i.e. bathroom fixtures)  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>viablysided
<Content>Excellent Hotel Abri (formerly the Monticello Inn) was lovely for my wife, my 3 year old, and myself. The hotel just reopened in Fall 2008, with redone lobby and rooms. Our stay--for four days--was wonderfully comfortable. It's near the end of the Powell line cable car and Union Square. The rooms are somewhat small, but well-equipped with flat screen TVs, iPod docks, and comfortable beds. The staff was enormously helpful and always attentive.An excellent choice in San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jetsetter09
<Content>Simply the best The Hotel AbRi as it is now called is by far the best hotel i have ever stayed in. I have been here on business (Oracle Show) and for a small personal break and found the location perfect for everything i could need. The GM (Rob) runs an excellent show with good staff and a great service provided to the guests. The concierge (Hilary) not only arranged for all of my work needs but also made sure that my personal time was used well and provided me with any information and advice I could possibly want.All in all I wish there were more hotels as homely and superb as the now called AbRi. I cannot thank the staff enough for all they have done for me while I stayed in San Francisco, they have made my time here truly memorable.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cimit
<Content>nice little place I stayed here only for 1 night on a business trip. Having never been to SF before, I can say that I did enjoy my stay here. We arrived a little early in the day and the rooms were not avaiable. They were more than willing to hold our luggage which was great. Once we were checked in, I found the room to be quite big. It is in downtonw SF, so it was a bit noisy, but not enough to want to be moved. I did not get a chance to eat at the resuatuant, so I cannot comment on this. However, we did make it for the wine tasting which was a nice added touch. The only real issue I found was that I was leaving for the airport rather early and asked if I should book a car service, which they recommended. However, the car service was expensive, and there were cabs available. Next time I stay here, I will be sure to take a cab instead.I would recommend staying here for a brief stay-over.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jo_cicco
<Content>Just everything you need Excellent little hotel, ideally located downtown. Friendly staff, price is all right, rooms are quite small but not really a problem in SF (who stays locked in a hotel room when you are in such a stunning city?). The complementary breakfast is fine (provided that you like the black, hot liquid they call coffee in the U.S) and there is a wine hour sort of thing in the late afternoon in the lobby, which is really great. The only downside is that our first room was on Gery street (2d Floor) and we just could not sleep, given the strange, screaming noctambulous population of downtown SF (windows of the front rooms were apparently taken from the wreck of the Titanic and not insulated at all). We just asked for a quieter room the day after, and were kindly moved to the rear rooms with view on the courtyard (with fully insulated, new windows this time, don't ask me why). I wil ldefinitely stay again at the Monticello when in SF.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Leety-Lou
<Content>Magnificent Monticello I booked the Monticello Inn for my family, after reading the positive reviews written here, and was very glad I did. Our suite was huge with two TV's  even bath robes. The concierge went out of his way to get us on our city tour, as we were running a bit late. The location is superb with tram stops  shopping right there. Everything was clean and lovely and I couldn't recommend it enough. Also the best coffee can be found around the corner in the Westfield Centre at Peet's Coffee....  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Urban_Tourista
<Content>Perfect Location, Very Comfortable, and affordable       The Living Room (standing in the door way)  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Brosby
<Content>Best Hotel, Nicest Staff My husband and I stayed here as part of our honeymoon and cannot fault it. If you are staying in San Francisco you could not want for a better hotel. It is in a great location, has friendly staff and excellent hotel suites. We went for a meal at the hotel restaurant, which I would also recommend. I'm a vegan and the waiter went out of his way to make sure everything was okay for me to eat. He was also incredibly helpful with the wine list and the food was delicious. The little extras which the hotel provides also added to a perfect stay and all for a very affordable price.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>treegal
<Content>Wow My husband booked this hotel online. I think he initially found it on Expedia. Seeing as he did the booking, he didn;t do my usual Tripadvisor research, so I have to say, given the price was $250 for 2 nights (very cheap by SF standards), I was a bit nervous.How wrong I was. The place is adorable, We paid a few extra dollars in the original booking for a Jefferson suite. It had a kig sized bed, separate lounge room with a desk, big tv (also one in the bedroom). I felt like I had stumbled into a secret place.Powell St Station (BART and MUNI) is around the corner, as are all the major department stores (which are open til 8pm).Downstairs (lobby area) there is a lounge with free wine and cake from 5-6pm and free breakfast is all included in the price.The room even had a fridge!This place is definitely on my list of places to come back to, but don't tell too many people, they may put the prices up!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Nellynomates
<Content>Perfect location in a perfect city We booked the Monticello after reading the reviews on here and I have to say it didn't disappoint.After a long flight we arrived at the airport, breezed through immigration, collected our suitcases, jumped on the airtrain and hopped on the BART. Whatever you do make sure you do your research first, DO NOT be tempted to pay for a taxi from the airport unless you are staying a long way from any of the BART stations as you will be wasting your money! This hotel is located approx 2 blocks from Powell St station and the trip from the airport cost us $5 each (compared to the $40 it would have cost for a taxi) It really is so easy and takes around 30 mins.Check in was quick and easy and the receptionist couldn't have been more helpful. We had booked a Jefferson Suite and were very pleased with what we had for our money (4 nights for 拢330) there was a nice little lounge area with fridge, sofa, TV and a small desk, a lovely bedroom with a VERY comfy bed and HUGE TV and a nice, clean bathroom with lovely toiletries!The other bonus that this hotel has is that there is a complimentary breakfast every morning in the library and it really is good. There was a lovely selection of fresh croissants, muffins and fruit with tea and coffee every morning which set us up for the day.If you are staying for 4 or more days I would recommend a MUNI passport. We bought a 7 day passport each ($24 per passport) and this allowed us to hop on and off the cable cars and trolley buses as we wanted which was perfect when we became leg weary! We even had some frivolous trips to and from Fisherman's Wharf each evening just because we could!The only downside to the location of this hotel (and it really is only a minor point) is that there are a few beggars around and about but I have to say that we were never bothered by them and some are extremely talented musicians who helped to while away the time when waiting for the cable cars!One last thing...Make sure you visit TAD's Broiled Steaks, it's on Powell Street about 2 mins from the Monticello and it does the most amazing steaks, you won't be disappointed!All in all the Montecello helped to make our trip to San Francisco perfect and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone...Even my best friend!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hula22
<Content>Fantastic central location After reading good reviews,we stayed in 3 rooms for 3 nights for a short vacation. Very professional staff, knowledgeable  so convenient to cable cars, BART, shopping. So many good eating places  bar/restaturant right next door. Stayed in Jefferson suite with comfortable bed and pull out in next rm  refrig too.  each had its on TV. Free wireless  continental breakfast (muffins, banana/apples, Starbucks coffee (yum)  free wine 5-6pm. Many perks and our family of 7 adults  2 children fully enjoyed the spacious lobby. Hotel is so San Fran--not modern but clean  toiletries were of good quality. Towels  washcloths nice  thick. Tub kind of slick, no bars to hold onto  2 family members slipped. Other than that, it is a great value though we paid higher price because it was a busy time. Didn't use valet parking-- very expensive  we had oversized van..checkout other parking lots in city for lower prices.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>gfkeys
<Content>Great Value Stayed here the weekend of Sept 23rd, had a great time in the city,Room was clean and nicely appointed, Hotel service was excellent,They made reservations for us for dinner at a local restaurant for Sunday night while we were riding bicycles all day. I would recommend highly.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>rgwdfw
<Content>Loved the Monticello!! Just returned from a week at The Monticello Inn and can't wait to go back! We found The Monticello online and actually found the lowest rate directly through the hotel's website. Everything about the hotel was superb - the price, the location, the cleanliness and comfort, the decor, the free breakfast and afternoon wine reception and, most of all, the staff. We took BART from the airport for $5 each and it put us within a block of the hotel. Although we arrived extremely early in the day, we were able to check in by noon. The room was a nice size, the bed comfortable and the linens very nice. It we also extremely quiet in the hallways - we almost never heard anyone coming or going and the hotel seemed pretty full. The restaurant next door was closed for renovation most of the time we were there but there is no shortage of good places to eat close by since we were only two blocks from Union Square. A great place for dim sum is just a half a block away and a fun diner is just up Powel St. The best part of our stay at The Monticello was the staff - always helpful, friendly and patient.We would recommend this hotel toanyone and we can't wait to return.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>westhollywoodtravel
<Content>Great choice! The Monticello Inn is an outstanding value!We booked a 2 room King Jefferson Suite on Expedia and paid only $104.00 per night. This hotel is located right around the corner form the Powell St. Cable Car turn-around and the Bart/Muni station, so you can get to practically anywhere in the city easily. The hotel is nicely decorated, clean, and well run. The bed was very comfortable and the suite even had 2 TVs, so our child could watch in her own room, which had a double pull-out sofa bed. If you want a quieter room, ask for an inner courtyard room.There is also free wireless internet in all of the rooms, as well as a computer and printer in the lobby if you need it, good for printing out boarding passes and such.There is an Italian restaurant next door with good food and a great kid's menu: your children can actually make their own pizza with their choice of ingredients!There is complimentary coffee and tea and a very limited Continental breakfast served in the lobby. If you want a regular breakfast there are lots of options nearby, such as Sears on Powell St., Starbucks, etc. In the evening, wine and foccacia bread are served. If you are visiting San Francisco with or without kids and want a comfortable home base from which to explore, the Monticello Inn is an excellent choice!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>butchermarie
<Content>Monticello Inn very pleasant, comfortable Although small, the rooms were very comfortable and clean. I especially enjoyed the comfortable beds and pillows. Each evening the hotel provides wine and coffee for hotel guests during a gathering in the hotel lobby. The morning continental breakfast was not out of the ordinary -- croissants, muffins, fresh fruit, coffee, tea, although it was certainly acequate. However, the hotel desk staff and concierge were extraordinarily accomodating and pleasant. Rates are good -- shop around as you can find differences of as much as $20/day. The location is 3 blocks from Union Square, 1 block from the Powell/Mason cable car turnaround, 1 block from BART. I would definitely recommend Monticello Inn!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HMMR
<Content>A Great Location, Staff, and Accomodations The Monticello was recommended to us by another friend who had researched it but had not yet checked in to stay. When searching for a hotel we were concerned with location to public transportation, an included breakfast and a quiet spacious room since we would be in San Fran for a week. The Monticello provided all of these things along with an evening wine reception, exceedingly friendly and accomodating staff who got to know us and regularly asked about our day or evening and whether we needed anything. We can't say enough about the location as we took BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) from the airport for about $5 each and came out 1 block from the hotel at the Powell Street station. The street cars, cable cars and buses are all within one block as well. We enjoyed the breakfast each morning which consisted of: coffee, tea, muffins, croissants, various other pastries, and fruit. The only thing missing was juice and/or water as there was nothing for non-coffee/tea drinkers. The complimentary evening wine was either red or white along with some type of bread. The room that we had was a Deluxe King facing a wall but was very quiet yet near the elevator. Since the hotel is on a busy street, I think that we benefited facing the wall. We still had three windows that let daylight in. The room itself was spacious and tastefully decorated with: a king bed, desk, two arm chairs and a small fridge. The bathroom was a decent size with a shower only. The free wireless internet and free lobby internet station allowed us to keep in touch and check-in for our return flight right from the hotel. Everything was super clean throughout the hotel including the lobby bathrooms. We laughed at how often we ran into a housekeeper sweeping the elevators. While here we have already recommended this property to several people who we ran into who were complaining about paying high rates at chain hotels. This was very affordable with their internet special combined with AAA. We would definitely stay at the Monticello again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CAMom4
<Content>Unbelievable Lack of Customer Care When we checked in on July 26, we gave them our keys for valet parking since this is downtown. On the 28th the staff brought our van to us with the back window totally burst out. They proceeded to tell us that this was our problem and between us and the parking garage. They did not even apologize. After the garage employee came he told us that if we didn't pitch a fit nothing would get done. I had a pretty big rant on the garage manager who told us it would take 2-3 weeks to get approval to fix. At that time we learned that the hotel had known that our car had sustained damage, but they had chosen to fail to tell us about it. We only saw the damage at check-out. I demanded to know why they had chosen to not disclose this to us so that we could get it fixed. They at first lied that they didn't know, but after the garage person said they had been notified, the desk lady changed her mind. When the front desk manager arrived, I asked him to refund us our stay because of the hassle this was causing us. It took me over 2 hours of arguing with him to even agree to refund one day. I am still in the process of getting the 2nd day refunded. The desk clerk reminded us that she had offered us a solution. The only solution she offered was to bring our vehicle with a broken window. It took them 5 hours to get our van fixed while my family waited in the lobby. They never once apologized until I told them that they had not apologized. I also said they could at least offer my children a drink. They never did. The parking garage manager actually wound up buying lunch for my family while the hotel only proceeded to make excuses and blame and deny that they did anything wrong. The bellman was the only one from the hotel that from the beginning said he was sorry, and he was yelled at by the manager to stay out of the matter. We were appalled at their lack of care or concern for our family. A minor fact...the continental breakfast consisted of only bananas, muffins, and pastry.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>andeesue1
<Content>Great location, warm reception I booked via website for the AAA price of $96 per night. This included a continental breakfast (apples, bananas, croissants, muffin, pastry, and coffee and tea) from 6:30-8:30, a wine hour from 5:00-6:00 with foccacia, and coffee and tea available throughout the day. There is also a computer and printer available for use without cost. Helen, at the front desk, is so warm and welcoming. I felt all employees were quite friendly and willing to help in any way. My room had a king bed, desk, chest with small refrigerator, nightstand, TV in armoire, nothing fancy but very comfortable. The bathroom was small, but much larger than ones I stayed in in Europe this summer. Location is ideal for anyone using BART or other mass transportation- a short walk to the Powell ST. station. There are homeless asking for handouts all over, but not unlike other urban areas, but didn't feel this detered from my enjoyment of the area. Be sure to check your invoice upon checkout, my second night was billed $15 higher but this was taken care of as I had my email confirmation with cost listed. I had reservations at the Parc 55 next door, but a local friend said I'd enjoy a smaller hotel more.... which I did. I'd definitely come back.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chip_7
<Content>Terrific Location at the Monticello For our first vacation to San Francisco, the location was terrific for getting to everywhere. My wife and I didn't want to spend a great deal on the hotel because we were spending more on the attractions so we got what we thought we were getting. We did have a problem with the lady at the front desk when we checked in the evening we arrived. Seemed surprised we had a reservation for a suite and almost made it seem like we would not get it. They also put another $250 hold on our card though we had already paid for the room. The in room bar consisted of two bottles of water.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>cyaltrinnj
<Content>Would stay Again - again Monticello Inn was well maintained hotel. I stayed for a conference that was happening down at the Hyatt. I was able to arrange a ride to the Hyatt every morning at no cost.The hotel staff was friendly. However, there was some confusion with car service and check out times but they were quickly fixed. The room was small but functional. I couldn鈥檛 see 4 people being in the room at one time. The hotel is on the cusp of the tenderloin so be careful when walking around at night. There is an excellent diner not far from the hotel. I highly recommend trying the diners in the area.Great place to say at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Gigiloveworld
<Content>Average I stayed at the Inn during my vacation in San Francisco. The location was perfect as it was so close to everything I needed. However, the service was average. The front desk staff was friendly, but I didn't quit understand how the housekeeping work in the Inn. I was not happy the fact that I was waken by housekeeping at 1pm in the afternoon asking if I need service. Understood from the point that they try to get their job done, but simply leave a friendly note under the door will do just fine. I was there for the purpose of vacation!!The room they gave to me was a handicape room. It had the worst shower ever. The shower head was at my shoulder. The person who checked me in obviously see how tall and big my boyfriend and me was. Maybe she just don't like me? The room was located on the back side of the hotel, where the restaurant dump their garbages and empty bottles. The noise woke me up every single morning. It was very weird the time restaurant chose to take out garbages?!!I have worked in a four star boutique hotel and resorts before. From the way that the Inn tried to advertise itself online, the facility and service just not up to the expectation yet. Working at the Front desk, you need to have the ability to read guest's mind, for example: when see a guest who is tall and big, you should instant figure out that a handicape room with a double bed just wouldn't work. It's all about the details, and how you judge the situation. Anyways, I will still recommand it to others because the price is reasonable and the location is really great. Those facts sort of balanced out the service quality. If you looking for a deal and only need a convenience place to stay in San Fran, it's perfect. If you looking for comfort and great service, you might thinking pay a few bucks more.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	4	

<Author>siteseeing1
<Content>Monticello Inn - TINY rooms! Location was the best that this hotel had to offer. It is only a 2 min. walk from the BART stop at Union Square. It was also quiet, but that may vary by room. At 2 there were no rooms ready. We checked in again at 3:30 and were told they only had 1 room - 503. This room looked great - it was very big. Turns out that this is because it was a handicapped accessible room. This would be fine except the shower head was only 3 ft. off the floor and this would not work well for me even though I am only 5;2. Also, there was a loud noise, like a motor non-stop in the room. We were then given 501 and took it just to have a room at that point. It was SMALL! I could have washed my hair in the sink while sitting on the toilet (not that I would want to, but I could have!) The boutiqueiness of the hotel was also lacking. The white duvet and blue and white striped walls were nice. Otherwise, the place looked dated and a bit fleabaggy to be honest. Especially with our view of a delapidated building next door. The breakfast was some bread prodcuts and bananas. They constantly ran out of coffee and croissants. The wine reception was a nice touch, but very simple. The staff were nice but useless. Waited over 1 hour for towels one night before having to ask again and wait for them in person. Another night they could not give us soap because they did not know where it was (?!) For $95/nt in SF it was OK, but I was glad to only be there for 2 nights.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>lsnod
<Content>Superb Location! Great location for tourists. Really clean (if somewhat small) rooms. Helpful staff. Lovely restaurant / bar next door.Would certainly recommend!!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>jwest
<Content>Small, but very nice I stayed at the Monticello for 5 nights while attending JavaOne. This hotel was really great: - It's 4 blocks from the Moscone Center. I was able to walk to the center each morning and back each evening (as late as 11pm) - The have a complementary breakfast. It's not much, but there was always some fruit and coffee. - The hotel has good 802.11 wireless internest system which was easy for my computer to attach to and use.The room is small and the bathroom doesn't have a tub, just a shower. Still for what I needed, a place to sleep and wash up this was a great hotel for the price compared to all the others.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>FloridaTraveldude
<Content>Nice Hotel and Good Location For my very limited travel history and first time in San Francisco, I did my research and decided the Monticello Inn was the best choice and I was not wrong. The location was within a short walking distance to where I was there for as well as a major mall, drug stores, restaurants, bus, BART, and the famous trolley car. My room was on the top floor (5th) and it was quiet and clean. I wish the refrigerator was larger and more free TV channels. The bathroom is small but more than adequatet for one or two people. The wireless was great. Lobby is beautiful. Staff is very helpful all during the day. Continental breakfast could have more variety and I did not see any juices available. I think a updated list of local restaurants, drug stores, grocery store, and other shops could be provided in each room. I found the list in my room rather sparse. Overall I would definitely choose the Monticello Inn again if of couse that it was near where I needed to conduct my business.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelfrog14
<Content>a great stay My husband and I were staying over one night in San Francisco. I had read poor reviews of my other selection on-line and got rather concerned about the choice. We booked the Monticello after canceling the Nob Hill. The Monticello worked out great for us. The location was perfect for the theatre, shopping and walking. The staff was very pleasant and we were comfortable in our room. The bed felt good after hours of walking. The wine social hour was available to us for two days (we left our bags there while we went sight seeing after check out). We would stay there again.The hotel is older but being run by Larkspur now; so expect some upgrades. Overall; peaceful, nicely decorated and a great find.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cjllama
<Content>Loved the Monticello I booked the Monticello because of their terrific rates and favorable reviews from fellow travelers, for a leisure weekend trip. I was very happy with the property and staff and would return.My three favorite things about the Monticello:1,) The location is outstanding. Near Union Square, the Westfield Shopping Center (Bloomingdales  Nordstrom), cable cars, BART -- you can't beat it2.) The hotel is very clean. I'm somewhat of a cleanliness fanatic and wasn't disappointed. Yes, the rooms are smallish (typical for SF hotels, though) but they are very, very clean. Ditto for the lobbies/public areas.3.) The Sunday New York Times is free in the lobby (there was a big pile of them, not just one). Classy.Other mentionables -- nice bath products (Lather), nice staff (from the front desk folks to the maids and maintenance workers), and quiet. I saw other reviews complaining about the noise level, which I could see if you stayed in a street-facing rom, but mine faced the inner courtyard and was blissfully quiet.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>shastaboz
<Content>Fabulous. Large Room, 5 Star Staff. Quaint, typical, beautiful, older San Francisco hotel. The place was very clean. The King-King room (5th floor-524) was large, quiet and clean, and had a refrigerator, but no coffee maker. The beds were very comfortable. All of the staff treated us like they had been trained at a 5 star hotel. They were wonderful, without exception.. They served wine in the evening and a continental breakfast in the morning. The wireless didn't work in the room, but they had a computer in the lobby for our use. The rates were incredible, and it was only 1 block to the cable cars. We usually stay at the Marriott, but thought we'd try this place. I was apprehensive about a hotel that only charged $109. a night for a king-king room, which included parking. What a nice surprise. This was an absolutely outstanding visit. We will return.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Armchairshrink
<Content>Good Value We booked this hotel through priceline several years ago and got a fantastic deal - around $70/night. It's small and a bit faded but it had charm and the location is fantastic. It's a lot more fun than paying the same price or more to stay at a motor lodge on Lombard street.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SpikeCosta
<Content>Fading but still OK Having stayed here 10 years ago, I was a little disappointed. Curtains in the room were shabby, front desk/bell service were mixed. Older furniture with poor lighting. Cleanliness could be better. Floors are creaky; bathroom is tiny. It's still a good buy at $107/$125 for a huge room with 2 beds a few blocks from Union Square. Someone still dumps what sounds like a truck-load of bottles sometime during each night. But the alley rooms are quieter overall than the street rooms. Continental breakfast was a little stingy but this is SF. There's a notice on the front window announcing change of ownership. It appears that Kimpton doesn't want to do the major renovation needed.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>EJ2
<Content>Once is enough for this hotel My non-smoking room featured an ashtray and reeked of smoke, and I'd trade the honor bar for an in-room coffee maker day. Don't let them give you a room overlooking the alley-- the restaurant staff enjoy loudly dumping the glass recyclables into a bin there into the early morning.If a reasonably low price and convenient location is all that matters to you, you'll probably be okay. I won't be going back.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	5	2	4	

<Author>gregandsharonb
<Content>Pleasant boutique hotel, super location The Monticello is a charming hotel conveniently located in Union Square. The location is great - sites and public transportation are easily accessible and/or within walking distance. It's an older building but that doesn't negatively affect the comfort factor - beds and rooms are comfy, bathrooms work well, everything is clean and updated. Continental breakfast is convenient; though we never ate full breakfast (there are plenty of places nearby), it sure made for a great cup of coffee to go for our car ride to the airport. Lobby wine tastings and poetry readings are a nice touch. Very friendly service.My husband lived in San Fran for several years and he says the Monticello is a great tourist option. We would stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>9g1a6j
<Content>Monticello Inn I stayed here for a business meeting right after Thanksgiving. I paid AAA rate of $107/night + tax. My plane was delayed about 4 hours and I didn't arrive until after 1 AM. I called the hotel and they assured me the room would be held. I walked 2 short blocks from Market  Powell to the hotel, after midnight and had no trouble, nor felt any fear walking to the hotel. Once I arrived, David, the night desk staff was very gracious and helpful.As other reviews mentioned, the room was small but not as small as some other places. I had requested a king bed. The bathroom *was* small, not even room for a tub just a shower. As I was just using the room to sleep and get ready for meetings, it was perfect. Internet connection was excellent both days. You do have to go to the Kimpton page to agree with the terms but then you get a small logged in window that you can just minimize. After that, open your browser up in a new window  off you go. Only drawback is that there was only 1 electrical plug that I could find in the room and 1 of the 2 receptacles was for the lamp on the desk. Good thing I had brought my travel surge protector, or else I would have had to charge my cell phone with the bathroom plug! No icemakers on the floors, nor ice buckets in the rooms. I went looking for ice at 2am the first night, found a janitor who went down to the basement and brought me some ice in a large crystal ice pitcher! The continental breakfast for $6.50 is a waste. Save your money and eat at other places around the hotel. The wine at night is removed PROMPTLY at 6pm. They offer a Chardonnay and a Shiraz. All in all, a convenient, charming hotel.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Intouchgal
<Content>Great location, decent room       The deluxe king room--very small, but pretty  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>polka party
<Content>Great location for Aging Hotel Stayed 3 nights here while at a conference for work. Location a block from Powell St. Station is ideal. My room was much bigger than most, yet the bathroom was extremely small. Room faced courtyard which is great in this part of the city since I'd gladly sacrifice view for quiet. Rooms are looking a little shabby from age but bedding is great. The Monticello is definitely a step down from other Kimpton Hotels and is also reflected in the staff which seem much less experienced than other Kimpton Hotels. On the upside, I only paid $125/night through my travel agent which is a great deal in downtown SF.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>mphuff3
<Content>Great location, decent hotel. When I checked in, I was in regular king room. Walked in and it smelled horrible (as if someone had just smoked a joint in it). After trying to bear it for a few minutes, I went straight down to the front desk and informed them of the problem. The desk clerk immediately upgraded me to a suite - no questions asked - and it was FABULOUS. Huge, two rooms, two televisions, quiet and very comfortable. If you are going to stay here, the suite is the way to go. Also, location is great. Walk out the front door, walk a few steps to the right, and you're on Powell Street at the cable car turnaround. Union Square is a couple of blocks up Powell. I would definitely stay in a suite here again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>annielovesyou
<Content>Loved it! I spent a week at the Monticello with my boyfriend back in July. I loved it, it was very reasonably priced and more than we expected. The staff was great, especially the nighttime concierge! Always offering free tea, coffee, and wine to us. They unexpectedly upgraded us to a suite for the same price, and it was very large and spacious. The room was handicapped accessible, so the bathroom was very large also.  The only fault I found was that the showerhead was awkwardly placed, but it still worked fine! And the tv was not really placed well, but that could be easily manipulated, and who goes on vacation to watch TV?  The location is very ideal. No need for a car, get a week long MUNI pass and map, and just take the busses everywhere! It gives you more of a chance to explore the city, and they go anywhere you would want to. (I suggest starting over by the Golden Gate Bridge, and then move closer daily, to prepare for being more tired.)Overall I was more than pleased with my stay. Great staff, very comfortable, clean, decorative, and secure hotel, great location, would definitely go back again!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>becca_becca
<Content>a very pleasant stay My family and I, 4 adults, stayed at the Monticello Inn for 4 nights. We booked a non-smoking room with 2 king beds online throught the Monticello/Kimpton website with no problem.  The location was great. Right in Union Square, it was within easy walking distance of shopping and cable cars. Although we had a car, we could have easily used public transportation anywhere since it seems that most lines cross through Union Sq. The room was very nice. Despite the building's age, the hotel is well kept and clean, with comfortable beds and pillows. I was relieved that the room did not, in fact, smell of smoke at all (being a non-smoking room I expected that, but I'd been rudely surprised before). The bathrooms are small, but how big does a bathroom need to be? They had dispensers instead of bottles (supposedly to avoid the waste caused by amenity packaging) for hand soap, lotion, shampoo, conditioner and shower gel. My only real complaint about the bathroom is the shower head was not very good Since we did had a car, we opted for the parking package which included valet parking in the price of the stay. Although we did have some trouble due to some miscommunication between the front desk and the parking garage, it was convinient to not have to look for parking every night. The downside to this is if you leave something in your car, you need to have them bring the car back up from the garage in order to get it. The staff were all very friendly and always offered directions when we took the car out. Unfortunately the continental breakfast was $6 per person, but the staff gave us very good recommendations for nearby breakfast places. Overall it was a pleasant stay, and since we could walk to so many places we felt that we got a much better idea of what the city is actually like rather than just hitting the tourist hot spots.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>cherylynn3
<Content>Value, Location, and Great Service! 4 families in our party for a San Franciso-area wedding. I booked for 2 of us by checking the Expedia/Travelocity rates...then, took advantage of Kimpton's website guarantee to match low rates and top with a free room upgrade. We got Jefferson King suites facing courtyard...each suite is 2 large, high-ceilinged rooms with good-size bath and 6' tub. Tons of seating, honor bar mini-fridge, 2 TVs...amazingly comfy bed. Other 2 families in our group booked elsewhere for less square footage at twice the price.July heatwave, but we had A/C (admittedly, it struggled a bit for the 2 large rooms, but not uncomfortable.) Hotel is older, but has been updated with new carpet, paint, wallpaper, and upholstery...spotless throughout.PERFECT location...you can walk to theatres, Union Square, Chinatown, or Civic Ctr area...even Embarcadero. North Beach (uphill) is a little stretch, but streetcars and cable cars are within a block or two for Fisherman's Wharf, etc. Try Lefty O'Douls on Geary for a great hot breakfast under $7.Maids, concierge, desk clerk...even maintenance guy...all VERY friendly and just like family to us. Continental bkfst is $6.50 if you want the cereal/juice/pastries, but coffee  hot tea is free. Free wine and focaccia bread from 5-6pm...even book reviews onsite each Wednesday. EXCELLENT service...I would not think of staying elsewhere unless another Kimpton in the same area if this one is booked.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fatbhoy
<Content>Great time at the Monticello We spent 3 nights at the Monticello Inn and found it to be in a fantasic position, ideal for shopping, entertainment and transport links being a minutes walk from the bart station and the cable car turnaround.The rooms were spotlessly clean and very comfortable. Very impressed with the hotel in general and would definately book here again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Aussiguys
<Content>Neither Best nor Worst Stayed four nights at the Monticello early May. Found it to be comfortable and clean although a little cramped, but we did not pay a luxury price tag, so were quite satisfied. We also appreciated the view our room had over the central courtyard, it meant it was quiet and restful. The hotel is well located at the bottom of Powell, close to the Tenderloin, but we had no concerns, day or night and were never bothered by anyone. The bathroom was very clean with a full bath and good shower pressure. A well stocked mini-bar at reasonable prices, generous free wine tasting of an evening in the lobby and the staff were attentive and helpful. The Puccini  Panetti restaurant next door is excellent. Would stay again at these prices.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blowstar
<Content>Location, Location, Location My 5-night stay at the Monticello was entirely excellent. I appreciate some of the comments written by other guests about compact bathrooms or repainted decor - but I couldn't fault the cleanliness, or the size and quiet of our two-super-king bedded room. The beds themselves were extremely comfortable, the air-conditioner of the older-fashioned window type was efficient and not so noisy as to stop me sleeping. At these prices I didn't expect a view and the internal courtyard meant blissfully quiet nights in the busy centre of a busy city. Surely that's not to be sneezed at?One small quibble - trying to book by telephone or online with Kimpton Central reservations was tricky, the website failed a couple of times, and the telephone response varied sharply according to which operator answered the call - I recommend speaking directly to the charming staff within the hotel itself to make your reservation and secure the room - AND the rate - that you want. Certainly worked for me.Of course parking is expensive, so ditch the car - you can walk, cable car, subway or tram it everywhere from here, and see much more of this fascinating city in the process!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Craig_Woodward
<Content>Not Really A Kimpton Hotel - Surely We stopped at the Monticello Inn on the last leg our vacation which had seen us stay at 9 hotels during the last month. We had chosen this hotel due to its location and the fact we felt reasurred that Kimpton group hotels are normally of a high standard. Unfortunately we were tought a lesson on this occasion. We were impressed with the lobby and public areas, when we got to our room it was horrible. We had a window which looked out on a disgusting square in the centre of the hotel as did most of the other rooms. The windows were filthy. The bathroom was tiny and instead of the usual high quality toiletries offered, these had been replaced by horrible dispensers. The walls were paper thin as we discovered when listening to our neighbors 'been intimate' (which incidentally was quite a good a show)!!The rooms were also very small, the bed was uncomfortable and creaky.We also didn鈥檛 like the position of the hotel straight outside the lobby was normally beggars. We wished we stayed at Fisherman鈥檚 Warf with the other tourists.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>beanersts
<Content>RUN DOWN HOTEL Yes, this hotel is in a great location, but beware of a hotel that is long overdue for a rehab. At first the lobby is very nice, so you expect the room to be nice, but when we walked in the room you could smell mold. The carpet needs to be replaced and the walls have been painted over many times. The A/C is a small unit in a window of the bedroom which does not cool down the living room. I left the A/C unit on to keep the room cool, but the staff turns it off after they clean, so when you get back to your room after a long day the room is hot and smells. The bathroom is very small and needs to be re-done. The sink is 6 inches away from the toilet. I know the hotel is an old building, but put a little money into your rooms to make them half way decent. I dont know what others saw in this hotel!  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Steffenino
<Content>Love the Monticello!!! We just returned from a long weekend at the Monticello Inn. This is our second stay at this lovely little hotel. We love the homey atmosphere and gracious staff. The service is wonderul. The new pillow top beds are very comfortable. The rooms are clean and well maintained for an older hotel. Mini bars are well stocked and extras like irons and ironing boards are nice to have. We stay in the city several times a year, and have stayed in every major hotel. We really appreciate the service of this small hotel. We love this wonderful hotel and will return every time we go to the city.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dctravel
<Content>Wonderful Location and Room I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Monticello Inn for a long weekend in San Francisco. Having stayed within the Kimpton chain in San Francisco previously, I had a high expectation for service that was met by all staff members I came in contact with.When I arrived, I was immediately greeted at the door and they made quick arrangements for my car to be parked (note that parking is $33 per day plus tax, which I knew about before hand and chose to pay on this trip). Since I arrived around 1 pm, I did not expect my room to be ready, but it was! This was an added bonus.I had reseved a king room with a AAA rate, but was upgraded to a suite. The suite was on the 4th floor facing the courtyard and was great. It was two rooms, with an incredibly comfortable bed and a nice sitting area in the living room. The hotel also has free wireless internet access throughout as well as complimentary coffee service in the morning and a wine reception in the afternoon.The Monticello's location cannot be beat. My wife and I love walking around San Francisco, and from its location a block from the cable car terminus at Powell and Market, it cannot be beat.We did not try the restaurant at the hotel, but the menu and decor looked very nice.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kris1122
<Content>Great Location and Friendly Staff My Fiance and I stayed at the Monticello Inn from Feb 11-13 and have nothing but good things to say about it. We had purchased the room on Hotwire.com and were a bit apprehensive as we had never stayed at a Kimpton Hotel before, but were very pleased. You can't beat the location... on the corner of Ellis and Powell which is literally a 30 sec walk to the cable cars (which are $5 per trip). The old-fashioned trolley cars are around the corner also a must and much cheaper at $1.50 (which includes a transfer good on any lines for 3 hrs).The staff at the hotel were extremely friendly and helpful (especially when we had to extend our stay by one night due to my fiance getting food poisioning). And the hotel was suprisingly quite, even though we were right in the heart of the city. Ask for a courtyard room if you can, we had one the first night and it was great. No noise at all, but you do lose out on any view. The only problem with the rooms was the size... but it is a boutique hotel.Another perk of the hotel is their complimentary wine-tasting every night from 5-6. The best part is you are able to take it with you to your room to sip while watching the early news! As for their contential breakfast at $6.00 - not really worth it as there are tons of bakerys and coffee shops in the neighbourhood where you can get the same stuff for half the price.Overall, I was very pleased with the hotel and would recommed it for anyone looking for great value and fantastic quality right in one of the greatest shopping meccas of the USA!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hwcii
<Content>Very good - will return I stayed at the Monticello for 4 nights in November. I was quite pleased and plan to stay there again. On the plus side:1. Excellent downtown location.2. Extremely close to all forms of public transportation.3. Good restaurants and shopping nearby.4. My king room was very comfortable and quiet. If this important to you, ask for an inside (courtyard) room if one is available. Bed, linens, bath, etc. excellent. Tourists and residents alike know that this area of SFO is very noisy. Coming back to my room was like visiting a private oasis of cushy silence.5. No hitches with reservations, requests, etc.Some parts of the hotel could use a bit of renovation touch-up...paint here and there, door frames, wear  tear, carpet edges, etc.I didn't try the continental breakfast (minimal extra charge) but the set up looked nice.The hotel doesn't have a pool, fitness club, etc. if that's what you're looking for. They do, however, arrange for in-room yoga, massage, beauty facials, etc. for rather high prices.A very nice, comfortable stay overall.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Monticello In - Great location We selected the Monticello on the basis of our research on the Internet and in particular for its location to the BART. This enabled us to travel from the San Francisco International Airport to within about 150yds of the hotel. When we walked up the ramp from the BART to the the end of Powell Street we were blown away as it was our first time in San Francisco and with the cable car in front of us it was like being in a postcard. We also used Google Earth to check out its location within the city and its closeness to other facilities.The hotel was most acceptable given that we didn't want to spend our limited funds on expensive accommodation. Its location is superb. The hotel is an old hotel that has been refurbished but I wouldn't say modernised but it is clean and the staff are very friendly. The rooms are rather small but that didn't bother us as we spent most of our time out looking around the city. It is near to the corners of Market  Powell Streets which gives you immediate access to the cable car terminus, trams to the Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square and Maceys, The BART terminus and there are plenty of tourist shops and food stores nearby.If we went again we would definitely ask for a courtyard room because the noise on the street side rooms was terrible. We were jet-lagged after a trip from Australia so needed some good sleep but it was just not possible in the room we were in. So with that proviso we would definitely return.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WIll Be Returning to the Monticello I travel to San Francisco on business every few months and am always looking for a better hotel deal. SF hotels are across the board on price and quality and you quickly learn that a higher price does not necessarily mean a nicer hotel or location. The Monticello Inn is well-located for tourists and business travelers alike: less than two blocks from Union Square and less than a block from the SF Mall (Nordstrom's, etc.), BART station, and several good restaurants, five to ten minute cab ride from civic center plaza or the business district.One of the biggest pluses of the Monticello (for those of us who like to have our best friends with us) is that they accept dogs (I believe the entire Kimpton chain accepts dogs). I arrived with my three 50+ pound dogs - no problem. At check-in the clerk even offered a free upgrade to a suite so that I could have more room for the dogs. Incredible; very appreciated. The suite was spacious, nicely decorated, very clean. After reading reviews here I requested an inside room and it was nice and quiet though the view is of the air vents.Staff was very friendly and always greeted my dogs as well as me.Continental breakfast in the morning for $6.50 is a true continental - just coffee, juice, muffins and fruit. I prefer more substance. Valet parking with in and out privileges for $29 is very reasonable for SF. Only complaint would be that valet was slow in retrieving car when I wanted it. Overall, I highly recommend this hotel and will be staying here again myself very soon.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ryan.W
<Content>Excellent value I really enjoyed The Monticello and would have no hesitation of staying there again. I had one of the Jefferson suites and found it to be very comfortable and homey. Ask for a view of the interior courtyard as there was absoultely no noise. Best things about this hotel: the service, the beds and the location. Worst things about this hotel: could not find anything. Enjoy this great value hotel.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>attractiveprof
<Content>Great place to stay in the center of SF Not much to add to the previous reviews:A great location (BART, cable car, everything...)...nice decor...clean and pleasant rooms...friendly staff...wine reception...breakfast if needed (note that there are also many Starbucks around)...free wireless internet and newspaper.Not really negative points but be aware of:Rooms towards front will be noisy...rooms towards the back are absolutely quiet but the view of brick walls is somewhat depressing...low shower pressure...why no pictures on the wall?Advice: we got the Monticello for an amazing price in a package deal with Expedia.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fballwidow
<Content>Monticello Inn Was a Pleasant Stay I traveled to San Francisco with my sister who was attending a business convention at the Marriott. This little boutique hotel was quite charming and very close to the public transportation I chose - the BART station for to and from the SFO airport, and the cable cars for to and from the wharf areas. Very clean room and bath. We were not able to attend their wine reception one night, and a nice man on staff was able to produce a glass for each of us. They provided continental breakfast vouchers for us. This proved a great time saver for us on the days that we just wanted to get out and get started on our sightseeing days. It was very handy to grab a muffin, croissant, juice and coffee as we hurried out for our busy days. I did not dine at the restaurant on site, nor did we order room service. There is a Subway sandwich shop right next door. Very close proximity to Union Square shopping - which can be a good or bad thing! I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>samj068
<Content>I would definately stay there again! Great location, clean, sophisticated hotel, and good quality bed and professional staff. The hotel provides the quality and comfort. Definately a good place to stay!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nrh
<Content>Excellent Service -Average Accommodations We just returned from a week in San Francisco. We chose the Monticello based primarily on Kimpton's pet friendly policies and the hotel's proximity to the Moscone Convention Center. We were graciously welcomed and our little dog developed a huge fan club. The front desk staff consistently went above and beyond the normal 3 star call of duty by providing us with directions - calling cabs - giving us restaurant recommendations and helping with reservations. They were also great about keeping our cell phone number on hand just in case our little dog got distressed and started barking or something during the few occassions we left him alone in the room. The room was average - nothing special though. We booked a Jefferson suite, so it was nice to have the extra space. The bathroom was a little worn and could use some updating, but it was clean and well kept during the course of our visit. I can't say I'm a big fan of the dispensers for soap and shampoo and whatnot, but I'm sure that the environment is (at least that's what the little sign said.) The only problem (and I can't say that it was an insignificant one) that we had with our room was street noise. We were on the second floor (the only pet friendly floor) and the noise was pretty bad. Being near an intersection, we heard a lot of sirens and brakes squealing. Every morning around 3 a.m., the street sweepers and trash trucks came through. The staff was apologetic and we realized, of course, that it was out of their control. They could not move us to another floor because of the dog and all of the inside rooms were already booked, so we made the best of it. Thankfully, we always travel with a white noise machine and that helped somewhat. We would definitely consider staying at the hotel again, but next time we would specify that we wanted a room as far away from the street as possible.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, good value My husband and I stayed at the Monticello Inn for four nights while on our honeymoon. The staff was friendly and always helpful. The rooms were small but clean. The breakfast was horrible (toast and coffee, some mornings there were small muffins and old bananas) and we wouldn't recommend paying for breakfast. The location is great for shopping, eating and site-seeing, especially if you're getting around the city on foot or by cable car.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Hidden Gem I stayed at the Monticellno Inn for 4 nights for a big conference that took up over 50% of hotels in San Francisco. This hotel was not my original choice. My office booked this hotel for me because my three hotel preferences were sold out (Hotel Monaco, Grand Hyatt, W). I kept an open mind upon check in. The hotel just completed renovation in all rooms. I had a suite on the top floor. It was nicely decorated, stocked with a good variety of magazines, and the staff was very pleasant. There was some steet noise but I did not have trouble sleeping. The showerhead is the water saver model that could use more pressure and water volume. The complimenary wireless internet was convenient and worked well. There was no coffee maker in the room, but I was able to get good fresh coffee from the lobby every morning. The public areas have new furnitures, comfortable and inviting, and were kept cleaned at all times. Liked the free newspaper in the lobby (San Francisco Chronicle, Financial Times, The Examiner). The afternoon wine hour was a very nice touch and enjoyable. Requested wake up calls every day, but only received 2 calls out of the 4 requests. I used the bedside alarm clock as a back-up so it worked out fine. The valet parking at $30 per day is reasonable when compared to other nearby hotels that charge $35 and up. The $6.50 continental breakfast was convenient at the hotel library lounge, which is a more pleasant place to have breakfast than the noisy crowds and dirty tables at Starbuck or greasy diners. The location is one of the best, cable car around the corner, and walking distance to the Moscone center and shops. Special acknowlegement goes to Ms. Tammy Tran for the great renovation, and Ms. Cue Li of taking care of my accommodation request. The Monticello Inn is a hidden gem and I highly recommend it if you don't need to be in a name brand and/or trendy hotel and you enjoy an inn that offers an unassuming ambience, quiet elegance with early American charm.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location  I stayed at the Monticello based on reviews from Trip Advisor. I was a bit concerned that the reviews varied but I couldn't beat the price of $109US per night. The reviews probably vary becauase the room are most definitely 'tired'. But they are clean and attractive. The location is unbeatable. Minutes to Union Square  around the corner from the trolly  BART (30minutes directly to the airport - unbelievable $$savings!!). The corner room I got was twice the size of the pictures posted here  the shampoo/conditioner/soap were high quality. Staff were very friendly - I never waited for service - early check-in/late check-out  they stored our bags while we were out of the room but not yet ready for our flight. The $6.50 per room! breakfast was well worth it for a quick morning snack. Much more affordable than the greasy $20 diner breakfast around the corner. My biggest complaint was that the air conditioning didn't work. HOWEVER - I was advised that the entire hotel would have new units by Aug05. Once that's updated I would definitely choose the Monticello.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jerryjai
<Content>Great Location, Decent hotel My wife and I stayed at the Monticello Inn for two nights from May 28-30 (Memorial Day weekend). I paid $107 a night for a queen-bed room. we got a free upgrade to a king-bed. Great Location - 1 block from Union Square, close to the Cable car, bus line, restaurants, shopping areas. The room was small, but thats OK since we hardly spent any time indoors (except for sleeping and showering). The room had a peculiar odour too. The room AC took a long while to cool the room. The bathrooms are small. No coffee maker in the room. There was no street noise. The hotel provides breakfast for a nominal fee, but we preferred Subway (right next door) and starbucks (one block away). The hotel staff is friendly and very courteous. Hotel provides valet parking for $30 a day (quite expensive). All in all, this is a decent place to stay if you are going to be visiting SFO for a few days.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful simplicity We have stayed here for two nights when attending my brother-in-law's wedding. The wedding itself was in the Sir Francis Drake Hotel, but I booked the Monticello as it had better reviews and I had a corporate discount. And it was about five minutes from the wedding location on foot.The location is excellent, and compared to other hotels, the noise level was lower, as it is off Powell Street (one block). Now, if you are living in the suburbs and never had a chance to get used to city environment, you might have trouble falling asleep as San Francisco IS a noisy city. We had another couple with us staying at the same hotel for the wedding, and they had sleep trouble, never having lived in a city.The hotel itself is VERY charming and the decor is really nice. I never quite understood complaints about small bathrooms or not being able to see television from the bed...I do not like chain hotels, I grew up poor, and this hotel reminded me some of the grand old hotels in my hometown in Central Europe. Yes, the rooms are small, and the bathrooms have some cracks and the paint might be chipped, but really...does this mater when you are sightseeing all day and you get to your room at oh-dark-thirty at night, ready to collapse? The furnishings might have been old, but everything was spotless clean.The staff was very, very accomodating. When after the wedding, we were in a crunch for time, and my husband realized that we could not return the rented tails he wore, the hotel staff offered to help us out and returned it that afternoon.The breakfast is $6.50 per room, not per person, and as such, is a really good value in the Union Square area of the town. Good croissants, orange juice and strong coffee, and the muffins were nice and fresh as well.The only thing we winced about was the valet parking price...but again, when remembering that this is San Francisco downtown, it's understandable.We will definitely stay here again when visiting.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>texasproud
<Content>Monticello Inn-A great place to stay We found the Monticello Inn a great place to stay in San Francisco. The location is excellent - near Union Square, just around the corner from the cable car turnaround (be sure to ride holding on to the side, it's more fun than you'd imagine), BART and the tram to Fisherman's Wharf. The staff was friendly and accomodating, to the extent that when we registered they brought each of us a glass of wine since we had missed the wine reception.The rooms are small but comfortable, with very nice beds and linens. We'd certainly stay here again.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelerof3
<Content>okay stay My husband and I went up to the city for a one night stay. We searched on line for something close to Union Square, but not too expensive. We booked on the hotel's website for a breakfast package for $149 which included breakfast and parking. However, upon checkout, we were told that parking and breakfast were not included. They comped us the breakfast for a whopping $6.50 which is an outrageous price for croissants and muffins, coffee and juice. Checkout was not the right time to find out that they weren't going to pay for parking. Parking was $30. The total bill with tax and everything ended up being $200. This was not a $200 hotel!The location was GREAT! Couldn't be more convenient to Union Square. Right next to the cable car. Easy to get a cab. Just perfect location.The room itself was HUGE, but very poorly laid out. It was very difficult to watch TV from the bed, but impossible to watch it from the chairs. We had to sit on the bed in order to watch it. We couldn't lie in bed and watch TV. The bathroom was terribly tiny with barely enough room to turn around in. It is an eco-friendly hotel. So, everything was in dispenser's. Soap, shampoo, lotion, etc. I understand and am thrilled with this concept as it isn't so wasteful. However, the dispenser's didn't work that well. You either got a lot or a little, but never the right amount. If location is the most important thing to you, this is the place to stay, but that's the only reason.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>elkejames
<Content>Nice hotel; good location I stayed one night at the Monticello Inn in March 2005. The hotel was nicely decorated and gave the impression of a charming old inn. Pulling up out front for valet parking was crowded. Valet kept our car directly under the hotel which was very convenient. The morning continental breakfast for $6.50 was good but some hotels offer this for free. The room had a few problems: there was not a desk for my computer when using the internet connection, so I used the bed as a make-shift desk; the bathroom sink smelled like moldly laundry, although it appeared to be clean; the conditioner pump in the shower was empty, which I discovered while in the shower when I REALLY needed it; the touch lamp near the bed kept going on and off; the lights dimmed when more than one electrical device was being used. The room was moderately quiet but you could hear street noise. NOTE: For those of you not familiar with San Francisco, all hotel rooms will be noisy to some extent, even when they advertise quiet rooms. I have never stayed at one where I did not hear street noise. This is a big city with old buildings and even new, double paned windows will let noise through. If any noise bothers you, then either don't stay in the City or ask for an inner, no view room which may help. The location was awesome within walking distance to many things. I would stay again but prefer a hotel with a more modern feel.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>S0CalTraveler
<Content>Great Location; Good Price Stayed there for a week in February 2005 during a business trip. The location is wonderful. You're within easy walking distance of a lot of attractions, including the cable car stations. Lots of shopping in nearby Union Square. I flew in from Oakland and found the BART perfect -- drops you a block from the hotel at the Powell Street station. The nightly wine tastings in the library were a real treat. Well attended while I was there and a great way to meet others. Missed the Wednesday night book reading. I signed up for the morning continental breakfast and think I got my money's worth. $6 doesn't buy you much elsewhere in SF. Downsides if you're there for business: Wireless service was lousy. My cell didn't work well in my room, which faced the courtyard. Too much concrete between me and the cell tower. Also, they offer high speed thru wireless but I needed a special device that they were out of the week I was there so I couldn't do my work at night, had to find another location. The price was right; the staff superb. Highly recommend it, especially for pleasure travelers.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Noisy My husband and I stayed here for a week: Dec 12-18, 2004. We are not very picky people - we are grad students, and have slept in very humble accomodations in many countries, and enjoy camping. However, when one pays $129/night, one expects a decent hotel stay.Pros: Location (right by Union Square); Free Internet Access; some Aveda bathroom products.Neutral: 5-6pm Happy Hour. The wine was not very good, and the lobby was so crowded. (We were there during a science conference, so it was a lot of young people trying to maximize their wine consumption during the 60 minute happy hour - kind of overwhelming if you do not like crowds). The corn bread was nice, though.Major Con: the noise. We could not sleep. There was construction going on outside our room ALL NIGHT, every night! In one way you could say this was not the hotel's fault; however, their odd window situation makes it their fault. Our room had 2 windows, and in each there was an AC unit (that doubled as a heater) that could not be removed. It was semi-built-in. Therefore, the windows were permanently open. My husband had to present at the science conference, and could not get a good night's sleep. We bought earplugs, we complained (requested a room on the inside corridor, but none available), we turned on the AC fans just to drown out the noise. Nothing worked. I would caution a business traveler NOT to stay here if you need to be alert the next day. The street noise is severe even absent the construction, and the walls are paper thin. You can hear people in the hallway and the next room.I politely complained while I was there, and they did not solve the problem. They sent me an email survey after our stay, and I told them what I'm writing here. They sent an apology email, but no discount offer for another Kimpton Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, Great Price  Stayed here for two nights as our first taste of the States. Very easy to get to from the airport being less than a 100 metres from a BART station. Check-in was easy and the staff friendly. We had two rooms that were close to each other, one for the adults and one for the kids. The rooms had a good arrangement with a lounge room and bedroom w/ensuite neatly separated by the entry, turn one way for the lounge, turn the other for the bed. With TV's in each this meant both kids could watch their shows without disturbing the other. The rooms were also nicely furnished and although the bathrooms were old style and smallish, they were part of the history of the place...take it as charm. The hotel is well located on Ellis just off Powell and the cable car route and it is quiet. Our other hotel choice was the Villa Florence which is well rated but some reviews complain of noise and it is easy to see why as it is right on Powell. If you want to be confronted by the evening throng of street scammers as you leave the hotel then stay there. The Monticello is much quieter and allows you to get your bearings in peace and then blend in.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Small Hotel; Unbeatable Location Near Cable Cars I stayed at the Monticello Inn for six nights, Jan. 4-10, 2005, with my daughter and her friend. I attended a major conference in San Francisco in early January and did not want to stay at any of the three large conference hotels nearby. After reading the reviews on this site, I booked a Jefferson Suite directly with the hotel rather than using one of the online travel reservation sites. Later I emailed the hotel and changed my original check-in date from January 3 to January 4, and received a prompt and courteous email response confirming that our reservation had been changed to check in on Jan. 4. When we arrived at the hotel at about 1:30 pm on Jan. 4, the desk clerk told me the reservation had been cancelled completely. I tersely told the clerk that I had booked directly with the hotel to be sure I would not have any problems with making the reservation through one of the online services. He responded that none of the guarantees apply if a reservation is made through an online service. Once again I firmly reminded him that was exactly why I had made my reservation directly with the hotel. After this exchange, he managed to work us in to a Jefferson Suite on the fifth floor -- the top floor of the hotel. I then specifically requested a room on the courtyard side where it would be more quiet. He confirmed it was a courtyard suite and cautioned us it was the best he had available. After this snafu, the rest of our stay was very nice. The room was a good size two-room suite. Many of the furnishings appeared to be new, although some of the living area upholstery was a little worn. The bathroom was small but adequate, with bath soap, shampoo, and conditioner in dispensers near the sink and in the shower. The fixtures (sink and tub) were worn, and the tile around the shower needed some minor repairs. Basic toiletries (bar soap, shower cap, sewing kit) were never replaced the entire six-day stay. White and red wine was served in the charming lobby every evening from 5:00 to 6:00. The lobby was graced with comfortable seating and two fireplaces. The service throughout our stay was friendly and accommodating. Although the hotel has no ice machines accessible to guests, every time we asked for ice or something else (coffee pot, another robe, more towels) our request was addressed promptly and courteously (without tipping). The king-size bed was exceptionally comfortable, and the wireless high-speed internet access worked flawlessly -- a welcome change from some hotels. Best of all, the Inn's location is unbeatable. Powell Street is a short half-block away, and Union Street shopping is just a couple of blocks north of the hotel. I walked a short block each day to and from the huge conference hotel and was so glad I was staying in a smaller, friendlier, much more charming hotel. If you have time for sightseeing, buy a 3-day or 7-day pass ($ 20) at the visitor's center a just a block south of the hotel, and ride the cable cars, buses, and muni-trains as much as you wish. We found a Mediterranean restaurant one block north of the hotel with very good food for the price, an inexpensive Thai restaurant one block away on Powell, and great sushi at a second-floor restaurant on the corner right across the street from the hotel. Great food at very reasonable prices for San Francisco! Overall, we had a delightful stay, and we were impressed with the friendly and very helpful staff. The next time I visit downtown San Francisco, I will look forward to staying at the Monticello Inn again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place we stayed at the monticello sep 03. its got a lovely reception area, with free tea/coffee available pretty much all day, with a free wine reception one night a week too. our room was a good size, with a massive bed and the bathroom was pretty massive too, with a full size window which opened out onto a view of downtown (bit weird to sit in the bathroom looking out the window, i know, but it was actually quite fun sitting on the windowsill watching people go by). the hotel has a good location, only 5mins from the cable car terminus and union sq. so yes, it can be a little noisy at night as the cable car goes by, but hey you're in the city, what do you expect? all in all, good hotel right in the centre for a reasonable price!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinesdriver
<Content>Good value, great location Stayed at the Monticello over Memorial Day weekend 2004. Was genuinely surprised and pleased that the room we reserved turned out to be a suite. I wasn't expecting that. Staff was very friendly and helpful, from replacing our mini-bar when the key broke off in it (!), to addressing a plumbing issue with a tempermental toliet, to securing our bags after checking out while we toured the city on our last day in town, to arranging for our shuttle ride to the airport. Also very convienent to the cable car terminus and other public transportation. All-in-all, a good experience.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a two-star hotel, and not worth full price. I travel frequently for business and in general have had good experience with the Kimpton chain. This hotel, however, was disappointing. I spoke at some length with the front desk before booking online, and was told it was a 3-star, newly renovated, and breakfast was included. I don't know who I spoke to, but none of this turned out to be true. This hotel plays the 'put you in a crappy room and see if you complain game', a ploy also mentioned by other reviewers. They do follow through with the fix or upgrade but I dislike these games. Most of the hotel is not newly renovated, and features stains on the substandard carpets, linens, and towels. Beds are lumpy and should be replaced. Staff is friendly but often never quite manages to solve the problem, in that very two star way. I slept the first two nights in rooms with no heat, finally after the third room move they gave me a space heater. I appreciated the solution but not the time involved in moving several times on a business trip. The lobby is nice, and wine tasting is a decent touch, but they need to forget about the frills and get back to basics, like a decent bed, a renovated bathroom, and a floor that doesn't make a person cringe. If you book in advance, online, you can get a room for $99/night. I wouldn't pay more than that. Considering it as a two-star in that price range, I would say it's average. What I disliked was the misrepresentation at the time of booking. Overall, this is an ok two-star hotel, but not worth full price.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjctraveler
<Content>Very good hotel       Room 406, Courtyard Room (18mm lens)  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Monticello Inn Our first night was not satisfactory. Arrived at 11pm and our room was small with two double beds that overlooked Ellis street on the 3rd floor. Construction site across the road commenced works at 6am and collection of rubbish and street noise was unbearable. Requested a room change the following morning and were placed in a large room with two king size beds that was in the core of the building. Heaven!!! A big thank you to Carlos at the front desk. Great location, close to shopping, restaurants and transport. Would have liked to stay additional two nights but the hotel was booked out. All staff were very helpful. Had difficulties with TV and wireless internet connection. Problems were rectified immediately and very effectively. Free access to wireless network was fantastic. Decor was outdated but overall rooms were clean and provided all the necessities. We will definitely stay at the Monticello Inn again when we return to San Francisco in the future.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel right in the heart of everything!! We recently had the privilege of staying at the Monticello Inn for 7 days. We had a corner suite and it was simply amazing! The staff is very accomodating and the room was spacious and very clean. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the San Francisco area. The hotel is in a GREAT location close to public transportation and most everything is within walking distance. If you are visiting the area I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dublin_Lad01
<Content>Nice hotel, great location Three of us had a one bedroom suite here for a week in early August. Our bedroom was quite big - plenty of room for the tons of shopping we accumulated in San Francisco. The living room was a decent size also - looking into the internal courtyard. We found no problems with cleanliness although the room did smell a bit musty when we arrived.Two minor complaints though. Firstly, the walls were pretty thin. You could hear people walking around upstairs and in the hall. This wasnt a huge problem. It didnt keep me awake at night and I'm a pretty light sleeper. Secondly, the room decor certainly needs to be updated - the blue and white wallpaper in the living room was a bit loud and garish. The hotel lobby is decorated much better. The evening wine reception was a nice feature and we took advantage of this a couple of times after a long day's shopping. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful.The location is really superb - Union Square is a couple of minutes walk. The Powell cable car and BART/MUNI are just around the corner.We didnt eat at the hotel restaurant next door although it looked good. We had continental breakfast one morning in the lobby which was great value - $5 per room not per person !!Overall, we enjoyed our stay here. We found the hotel to be comfortable and in a great location. Would stay a second time if we got the right price again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Monticello Nice, attractive hotel. Sofa bed could have been more comfortable. It would have been nice to know how much the hotel charged for parking prior to the trip.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but noisy   showReview(2318669, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Montecello, peaceful, friendly, out of the way helpful   showReview(2275207, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PAlocal
<Content>lovely stay   showReview(2263937, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent pretty much sums it up   showReview(2229907, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Problems when booking online   showReview(1934145, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definately stay again   showReview(1810229, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jfosters6
<Content>Outstanding Location and Hotel   showReview(1785640, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An overall pleasant stay at this hotel.   showReview(1762144, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, solid place, great location   showReview(1257369, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A nice place with great location   showReview(642752, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai   showReview(11310556, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜銇究鍒┿仹銇欍倛   showReview(19165855, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VeronaBlu
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(8231558, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

