<Author>GOmaha
<Content>Small Hotel-Great Value! On our first visit to Honolulu (and Hawaii) we were delighted to find that this little gem of a property was well-suited for our needs. The location was perfect, a few paces off the Waikiki but our room was closer to the beach and restaurants and shopping than the properties that were actually right on the beach. It took less time for us to get to (and from) the beach than people staying in the upper floors and annexes of premium 5-star resorts and hotels. The hotel Renew staff was friendly, remembered our names, were helpful and even let us change clothes and freshen up for our 800pm flight to the mainland (5 hours after we checked out)! The rooms were cozy, the linens clean and the furnishings were modern and so different than what the so-called big-name brands offer! The morning breakfast was light and well-prepared and the staff provided us with towels and chairs for our daily trip to the beach. Don't be afraid to make this small hotel the big part of your stay on Waikiki!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>silverfox1952
<Content>Good old fashioned service, with a smile ! My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Renew for 4 nights as part of a round the world trip in December. We chose this hotel primarily from the good reviews given in Trip Advisor and was not disappointed. Having arrived very early we were offered an upgrade sea view room which we duly accepted. Our room was modern, clean and bright with a comfortable bed and a compact workable bathroom. Our stay was unfortunately affected by storms which caused local flooding in and around the island. The Renew also suffered for a brief period with all available staff 'manning the pumps' in removing storm water from the stairs and lobby area. During our stay we were invited to attend a drinks/buffet reception as an opportunity to meet other guests as well as staff, which was very much appreciated. The Renew is relatively small by comparison to the high rise hotel blocks that front Waikiki Beach, which was our principle reason for staying here, preferring boutique style accommodation where possible.We would specially like to thank Will Micheals ( Bell/Valet) for his kindness, help and good humour in directing us each day to nice restaurants and other attractions close to the hotel. Although the hotel has limited facilities such as a pool, restaurant, lounge etc. this is more that compensated for the warmth and friendliness of the staff. A lesson that could be taken up by the 'prestigious' 4 and 5* hotels we stayed at on our trip.Although our planned activities were disrupted somewhat by the weather ( Diamond Head closed due to slippery conditions on steps) I would definitely recommend a stay here.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Enjoy123
<Content>feel renewed My husband and I have just returned from a 7 night stay at Renew Hotel.We arrived in the middle of a power blackout and were really impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the front desk staff.The decor of the rooms and the comfortable beds were a definite plus.The daily complimentary breakfast was much appreciated.We are grateful to tripadvisor contributors for highlighting this great hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Thrifty_Traveler_73
<Content>Nice, Unique, and Simple Staff is very friendly, and did all they could to accommodate us. Location is perfect, close to the beach  food. I really like how you can borrow their beach equipment for free.Has no restaurant (except free breakfast), which I liked because it forced us to get out and eat. All the trolleys stop right next to it, which our 2.5 year-old like to ride on 24/7.If you don鈥檛 like those huge-under-managed hotel chains, stay here鈥?/p>  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>marketcaptain
<Content>Great Location, design and service I have spent many years visiting Waikiki and this is now my favorite hotel there. The staff are very professional and well trained, offered to print my boarding pass for me. The continental breakfast is well presented and just right to get your morning going. The room design is very Zen with several unique features, the bathroom sinks are hip. Location is great, close to all and for a hotel in Waikiki it is very quiet. Great job.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Honey023
<Content>Hotel Renew Our honeymoon was unforgettable! Hotel Renew made us feel like preferred customers. Our flight got in at 9 at night. When we got to the hotel our room was ready, Robert greeted us with drinks and towels. Everything was perfect and we couldn't have asked for anything more. Also, the pictures that have been posted of the hotel (in Expedia or TripAdvisor), that is exactly how the rooms are, which I loved. The bed was very comfortable. A big thanks to Robert and his staff for making our honeymoon absolutely exceptional!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missiechick
<Content>Sweet. Really. For my 7th return trip to Oahu as well as my honeymoon my husband and I both enjoyed our trip and our stay at Renew. I don't recall which site we booked on, but we found an excellent rate, not to mention the rates at the renew site are amazing. I feel a hotel like this at the classy level it is at is smart smart smart for not costing as much as a particular counterpart located over by diamond head whose name starts with a simple letter of the alphabet (hint hint W..xyz). Anyhow, the staff were extremely courtious, most are on the islands but they really are above and beyond and they seem to have FUN at work. Imagine that? Service was great not to mention free light breakfast and yummmmmy juice! Hot towels and juice on arrival? No way! As an interior designer, I had no complaints about the design. Especially since it's a retrofitted building, it just worked out amazingly. Just wonderful. The only issue is it's a bit of a stroll down the strip to get to things I enjoy, but who cares?! I will return to stay here. Like I have said in other reviews for this hotel on other sites...I would live and work in this hotel if I could. I've seriously never felt this way about a hotel! Must go! I hope to book and return for the first week in sept. 09! See you there!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>espj
<Content>Great little boutique hotel in Waikiki My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Renew for four nights earlier in December. We were lucky enough to get one of the rooms that had a balcony. The balcony was a wonderful treat to sit out and have breakfast in the morning or watch the sunset over Waikiki beach. The room itself is small. Since we had planned a 10 day trip to the Hawaiian Islands, we had lots of stuff making the room seem even smaller. But we didn鈥檛 spend a lot of time in the room in the first place. It was a quiet hotel which is important to me since I鈥檓 a light sleeper. And yes, the air conditioning units do make noise but we didn鈥檛 mind that at all since it drowned out any street noise. The hotel is convenient to the beach (1 block away) and you can walk to anything you can ever want or need. The staff was friendly and willing to help whenever we needed it.The hotel included a continental breakfast that was a great way to start the day. Our only disappointment was that breakfast started at 7 AM, no earlier. So the last day we were there, we were getting picked up right at 7 AM and none of the food was out even at 7 AM.. It would have been a nice treat to be able to grab something on our way out.Overall, we were very glad we had stayed at this hotel while we were on Oahu. Sure, there are other big resort high rise type hotels but this was so much more personal it made it a treat. If we were to go back to Oahu, we would stay here again, no doubt.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkRatay
<Content>Boutique Gem in Waikiki Beach We stayed at Hotel Renew for four nights, December 22 - 26, 2008. Our overall experience was excellent, and I would highly recommend this hotel property, with one caution that I will address later in this review.The hotel is small --- 83 rooms --- and does not have a restaurant. However, there is a lovely lounge just off the chic lobby where a hearty Continental style breakfast is served every morning (included in room rate). The breakfast includes fresh island fruits, juices, coffee/tea, pastries, yogurt, and hard boiled eggs. Just enough to start the day!The decor of the hotel's public spaces and rooms is modern and sleek, featuring dark woods, light-colored walls, tile and marble bathrooms, and adjustable mood lighting. Room window are large and can be opened for fresh air, and 25% of the rooms have private balconies featuring a small table and two chairs. The hotel is spotlessly clean.The hotel's location could not be more perfect if you don't need to stay directly on the beach. It is one short block from Kuhio Beach to the West and a short block from Kapiolani Park and the Honolulu Zoo to the South. Because all beaches in Hawaii are public, it is no problem to use the Kuhio Beach or the Queen's Beach (just two blocks from the hotel to the South). Both beaches offer restroom facilities.The hotel staff is among the best to be found in Hawaii. Everyone we encountered during our four day stay was attentive, friendly, welcoming, and extremely professional. From the front desk staff to the bellmen to the housekeepers --- we felt like we were among Ohana (Hawaiian for family).The only drawback about the hotel is that the rooms located on the South side of the buidling facing Diamond Head are subject to some pretty terrible noise. The South side of the hotel faces the delivery entrance of the Resort Quest Hotel next door, and during most daylight hours there are trucks making deliveries. Of course, if you plan to be at the beach or out touring all day, then the noise is not a problem. However, if you plan to take an afternoon nap, bring ear plugs.That said, Hotel Renew is a lovely addition to Waikiki Beach. If you are looking for a smaller intimate hotel with excellent quality bedding and furniture and a warm, welcoming staff, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SteevOTopanga_CA
<Content>Hip Hotel in Waikiki, for a reasonable price! One night stay, before flying home, after a week on the north shore. We enjoyed the Renew's styling, comfort, and hospitality. The room was small, but the bed was very comfortable, the lighting was great, and there was a flat screen TV. The bellman was very helpful, as was the front desk staff. My wife and I also met a corporate representative from the hotel, who was very cordial, and if I can find his card I'll contact him about this as well. The only down fall for us was the delivery trucks servicing the hotel behind us at 6:00 am. Slamming lift-gates, idling trucks, shouting.We'll will stay here again only if we can get a room on the front side of the hotel. Face it, Waikiki is noisy. tour busses, night clubs and rowdy people are common, so at night I expect it to be loud. But at 6:00 am, people servicing the hotel industry there don't put fourth the effort to consider the hotel visitors, as they unload dairy products, or pick up trash. Perhaps the chamber of commerce, or the individual hotels could approach them about the problem. Quiet zones, or stationing a hotel rep by the loading areas to assist and encourage the people servicing the tourism industry to be courteous.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suzeekyu
<Content>Great place!! This place was fantastic! The staff was so friendly and helpful, the decor made you feel peacrful. It was very, very clean, and the bed was absolutely the most comfortable bed I have ever slpet on - I wanted to buy it and ship it home! I would most definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pearlujam2
<Content>Renew was everything we hoped for. From the moment we stepped into the beautiful lobby we knew we picked the right hotel. We did not love the first room they gave us and went back down and asked for a different room. This was done with no problem at all. The King bed was extremely comfortable as were the sheets. Everything was impeccably clean in the room and bathroom. The vessel sink was beautiful and the towels were thick as were the robes. They also gave a gift of flip flops to wear around oahu. the hotel is a two minute walk to waikiki beach and there are millions of restaurants and shopping right up the block. The bus stop is also half a block away. The front staff is wonderful and courteous and have the answers to everything. They will also supply you with towels and beach mats if u so desire. An abc store is conveniently located right next store for your water or other needs. Breakfast is delicious: all kinds of fruit, coffee, pastries, cereal, yougurt, hardboiled eggs, granola and juice. We had an amazing time and i highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>angel15j
<Content>Unexpected Luxury!       Looking from the breakfast/bar area into the lobby, it was quaint!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pugman
<Content>Exceeded expectations My wife and I chose the Hotel Review for a 5 day stay after a week long cruise. Right from the start the staff at the Renew were very accommodating and provided us an early check in since our cruise disembarked at 9:00 AM. Our room was spacious, comfortable and quiet which was perfect after being at sea for a week. High marks go the staff at the Renew. The front desk staff and especially the gentlemen at the doors were very friendly and helpful and made our stay at the Renew a perfect ending to our Hawaiian vacation.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CicilyArmstrong
<Content>Awesome Hotel!       Room / Bed  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DLJC
<Content>Loved it! Fabulous! Above expectations actually! We are so so glad we listened to the reviewers on Tripadvisor and decided not to stay with one of the chains on Waikiki. A very short walk to great food and glorious beach views. Also, the concierge's recommendation of Sansei just next door at the Marriott turned out to be one of the best meals of our trip. Agree that the breakfast area is small but the turnaround time is very quick as everyone wants to get out and explore so its really not a problem. Pity about the $20 valet fee but there's apparently no choice around rather busy Waikiki... A quick tip though, dont book with Alamo for your rental car as they made us (and about 40 other people!) wait ages for our car as apparently others hadn't returned their cars yet. A lousy excuse for a car rental company as we'd all made prior reservations. Oh, and yes indeed, the pictures put up by other travelers do not lie and instead the hotel rooms look even better than the photos! :) We were very happy with our choice.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>gigahertz
<Content>Great honeymoon hotel! A friend helped me do some research on where to stay for my honeymoon, and he recommended this one. I did have very high expectations, and they were pretty much all met!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wherisat
<Content>Best Hotel Stay So Far! It's always good when the hotel is small enough and the staff really helps make your stay a joy. Paul, Shieka, Kris, and Craig (bar tender) were awesome. I didn't have to think, just go downstairs and say I want a shuttle to go X and usually you could save a wad of cash and get where you're going really quick. For me X was Pearl Harbor (get there around 10am) and Hanauma Bay (get there early!). Also, the ocean view was sweet and there is an ABC (convenience store) right next door. I probably spent $50 in tips at the hotel, which was more than worth the agony of taxis or trying to figure stuff out myself when I was short on planning time.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Passport53
<Content>Nice rooms and location Nice location. It鈥檚 just off of the beach. It's within walking distance of beach, several restaurants and shops. Valet parking is almost mandatory since there is no parking to speak of. Breakfast was a little crowded, since they only have three to four tables crammed into the bar. Rooms were spacious and very comfortable. The Staff were all very considerate as well. Only stayed one night, but our experience was very positive.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tedwick44
<Content>Most Relaxing and Very Friendly The room was excellent and extremely comfortable. The staff was very warm and friendly. The beach was only a block away.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SandyChgo
<Content>Hotel Renew-Fantastic!       front of hotel Renew  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tooluser
<Content>Very nice This is a very competent hotel with one flaw. I stayed here for four nights on a vacation. The place was clean and the staff was always very friendly and accommodating. Excellent breakfast and valet parking. Comfy bed and room layout, with good room service. The location is excellent though one hotel back from the beach. My room was on a high floor and I had both a sunset view and a Diamond Head view. Cool! Unfortunately I also had a view of the bar/pool area of the hotel next door (ResortQuest), which had loud music from about 5pm to 8pm every night, and until 11 pm on the holiday I was there for. It was not horribly loud or horribly late, but I would have enjoyed the stay more without the disturbance from next door. All too typical of Waikiki, unfortunately.If I stayed here again I would request a room without a view, so I would be on the side opposite the loud hotel. No faults other than that though, a very nice experience otherwise, in every respect.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>itrainshere
<Content>Great Hotel! I had a great time during my 7 day stay at Hotel Renew. The first thing I noticed was the amazing service which never ceased throughout my entire stay. The hotel staff knew my name, were extremely friendly and really ensured I enjoyed my time. The hotel rooms and lobby were very sleek / minimal looking (similar to the W, but more reasonably priced) and were larger than others that I have stayed in.As for location, the hotel is super close to the beach, which was nice. It is at the end of the main strip, so there was no noticeable noise at night, and the walk to the center of waikiki was reasonable.The only downside was the lack of a pool (though the ocean was warm enough to swim in all the time).Overall this was a great hotel and I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ftp1234
<Content>Nice hotel, excellent hospitality Excellent hotel, nice rooms. Not exactly beach-front, but 2 minute walk from beach. Convenient location. The biggest point is excellent hospitality by entire staff. When we stayed here in Dec. 2007, Leonor Wong was manager. The hotel was being rennovated, and there was a makeshift reception desk on 2nd floor. But the staff made it a point to see we were comfortable. Excellent breakfast provided in the morning. When Leonor knew it was our first anniversary, we got a surprise bottle of champagne at night from her. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>catmachine
<Content>Honeymoon Just OK My new wife and I stayed here late October, on an unofficial honeymoon. I had done a lot of research to select a suitable hotel in Honolulu, as we had been travelling around with another couple for 2 weeks previous, and wanted to stay somewhere special, being alone at last!! Unfortunately, Hotel Renew, much like Honolulu itself, does NOT deliver - for me anyway. The hotel itself is quite nice in terms of it's renovation. However, if you look closely - it has been done roughly, thus appears cheap, in parts. I am fussy though, as I work in the building industry. We stayed in an ocean view room, which had a good view of the water/sunset over Waikiki. However, as the hotel is relatively small, it is dwarfed by surrounding hotels, and our aspect particularly was towered by the Marriott next door. Thus we had a great view of hundreds of balconies, which really spoils the beach view in the distance. Couple this with the feel, of hundreds of people, possibly being able to see in to your room, and not all is good at Hotel Renew. Our room was a corner room, which included a balcony, with a glimpse of Diamond Head, but again this came with 'ugly' and 'old' apartment buildings in the foreground, and the backpackers to the side, which previous reviewers warn of! By the way, oddly enough, this premises, the most costly of our trip, was the only one that didn't have our room ready when we arrived around 11am. However, the glass of refreshing juice was a nice surprise at check in. The beds are divine, as are the pillows! The rooms though are tiny - and I'm not someone who cares much for a large room, for a couple, but these rooms are really small, so be warned ! A little extra space to move would have been appreciated for the price. It is worth noting though, that due to our honeymoon, we were given a great deal - so can't complain too much !!Worth noting is the fact that our friends chose to stay at Aqua Bamboo. Their room was also renovated - quite nicely - and about doule the size of ours!! This place really appears to be a hidden bargain, beautiful big rooms, much cheaper than Renew...highly recommended if you're going as a family. I mean the ocean view is nice, but comes at a price, and I mean more tha your wallet!! Very important - if you plan to visit the island's water park please call to confirm they are open first. We drove all the way out there one day, only to be very disappointed that it is closed Monday and Tuesday. The Treehouse cafe in the world marketplace is a nice place for food brunch, etc. great service and nice coffee - which we really needed after 3 weeks of terrible coffee !! TIKI's Lounge at Marriott, next to Renew was great for live music, and we went there twice, we also went around the corner to another surf type lounge - opposite the beach, whic was great. Really enjoyed the North Shore, turtles at turtle beach etc, and had a laugh at Sandy Bay watching bodyboarders and bodysurfers 'going hard'!! Waimea Bay was nice to swim in - beware, it gets really deep suddenly! I'd love to come back to Hawaii, but maybe stay on the north shore or somewhere out of Honolulu.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Emmeline
<Content>Great hotel! I booked this hotel because of its positive reviews, then was a bit worried after I read some of the forum topics regarding suspicions about fake reviews, but don't worry, it's a great hotel, and I think the abundance of one-time posters reviewing the hotel is due to the fact that they do ask guests if they wouldn't mind posting a review if they have had a positive experience. No, it doesn't have alot of amenities, but they have the friendliest, most helpful staff I have ever encountered. They accommodated every request with a smile. The personal touch is a refreshing change from the massive, impersonal chain hotels that have overrun Hawaii. They also provide free beach towels, umbrellas, chairs, boogie boards, etc., and the staff was always there to take the gear off our hands before we even stepped through the door. The complimentary breakfast is a great value, and provides fresh fruit, pastries, yogurt, cereal, tea and coffee. There's no pool, but I can't imagine why you would need one with the ocean across the street. And there's no restaurants onsite, but the hotel next door has several places to eat, and the restaurants along the main street are just steps away. The rooms are bright, clean, and very comfortable...great to come back to at the end of the day. There was a cozy, spa feel to the setup, including the robes...very calming and relaxing. The beds are wonderful and the cleaning staff does a great job. We sort of missed having a balcony (especially for drying swimwear), but that's certainly not the hotel's fault. The ocean view was great, and the huge window provided lots of light. We had the massive projection TV, which was great except that you can't see it very well during the day unless you close the curtains, and the projector tends to overheat and shut down fairly regularly (however, every time it did, a staff member was there instantly to fix it). Overall, we were very pleased with the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vivian101
<Content>Solid hotel, friendly service We stayed at Hotel Renew for 5 nights following reviews from Traveladvisor. This hotel is pretty solid if you are looking for a clean, contemporary furnished, reasonably priced accomodation.The location was quiet, good room layout. Note - there is no pool so but you have the beach only 1/2 block away!Breakfast was included and consisted of pastries, great selection of fruit and cereal. Staff were friendly and they go out of their way to help. My friend had a wedding speech to print out and they were so helpful with that. Note: Its on the eastern end of Waikiki. So about 3 blocks from central busy, shopping/restaurant area. We didn't mind walking. Good solid hotel all around.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Terminal5
<Content>Miminalist Chic       Hotel Renew  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>winksychong
<Content>Loved it I can't say enough good things about this hotel. Everyone was so helpful and nice, from the bellboys to the front desk to housekeeping. The rooms are awesome, so worth it to pay a little extra for a ocean view, and its a 30 second walk to the beach. I will definitely be back. I have stayed in a lot of hotels but the customer service here is by far the best. I miss it already, ahhhhhhh  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JulesnDave
<Content>Renewed at this hotel Fantastic hotel with relaxing design, great view of the beach and delicious modest breakfasts. Our room and the entire hotel is on the small side but very comfortable and cozy despite it. The staff was very helpful and informative about local activities, sights, directions and resources. Our room happened to face the ocean although the windows didn't open. The hotel is eco-friendly and conserves energy and lights. While there was no pool there was very easy access to the beach; it was less than a block away. The hotel is also excellently located at the heart of Waikiki and affordable.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Ingle
<Content>Extra details made this superb value My husband and I stayed at this small hotel for 7 nights in November/08. Given its No 1 status on this site, we expected a near-perfect experience. We were not disappointed.We had a lovely corner room (906) with lanai to the side and an ocean-front view. Pluses: cool welcome face cloth and pineapple drink. Bedroom contained contemporary, beautifully hued decor with modern and high-end fixtures and decoration. Beautiful view of the ocean and the surfers. Good use of small space in bedroom and bathroom. We brought lots of stuff, and with some creative rearranging, there was ample room for everything (eg, iron board and iron we had removed during our stay, suitcases fit neatly under the bed, and a/c unit served as a large shelf for books and gear). A small bathroom had lots of drawer and shelf space. Bathroom had good lighting, and a window with a view of Diamond Head. The lighting system was the best we have experienced - eg, allowed for dimmer bedside lighting when I wanted to read and my husband wanted to sleep. Bar none, the most deliciously comfortable pillow-top bed and pillows I have encountered in a hotel room (and I include the heavenly beds of the Westin and Sheraton in this comparison). Small fridge ample enough in size to hold 3 beer, bottle of wine, cartons of milk and juice, small containers and water bottles, and keep them sufficiently cold. Excellent continental breakfast with fresh fruit and yogurt (some different choices every day), fresh pastries, good tea selection, and good coffee, cereal and juice (not fresh). Daily fresh apples - nice touch. Thursday evening wine tasting evening with other guests (we didn't go, but appreciated the invitation). Beach chairs, towells, umbrellas, and straw mats for the asking. (we had a hard time keeping the umbrella from blowing over on the beach, however). Helpful, friendly, can-do staff who were genuinely pleasant to guests.Minuses: small rooms, not great shower spray, a/c that was fairly noisy at night as it responded to thermostat setting, noisy with windows open, and no pool. 9th floor hallway looked a bit tired and worn in spots (but not the foyer and breakfast area, or first floor bathrooms - these were gleaming and perfectly maintained). Bit of a lack of a feeling of privacy with adjacent (large) resort towering over the hotel. I believe there may be small differences in rooms - eg, perhaps new shower heads in other rooms?? Also we did not have a high tech (or any) computer in our room - not a problem as we brought a laptop. It worked fine. As you can see, the positives significantly outweighed the negatives. Moreover, 10 steps behind the hotel was a scooter rental place where we rented scooters for a couple days and had a blast touring the island on our own schedule, parking free and with ease. We also rode the city busses - busstop half a block away, both directions - bus fare was $2; exact change needed, or you can buy a 4 day pass at an ABC store - and these were ubiquitous. Starbucks a block away. Beach and restaurants a 2 minute walk. A Wolfgang Puck take out (or casual eat-in) just beside the hotel. I should mention that the beach a block away also rented umbrellas that were firmly rooted' in the fine sand. If you have water shoes, they are ideal for the beaches. Leave your fins at home. As to Honolulu, it was my first visit there and I loved it. I especially suggest a trip to amazing, moving Pearl Harbour, and Hanauma Bay for excellent snorkling (even large sea turtles were seen) in a beautiful park-like setting. Also, Ala Moana park and beach, at the other end of Waikiki, is gorgeous, as is the stunning road to and beach at Kailua. As a Canadian, I have always felt that monuments and parks are things Americans structure, organize and maintain very well, and these were no exception.In summary, I would stay again at this fine small hotel with its genuinely friendly and courteous staff in a heartbeat, and recommend it to anyone for whom a pool is not absolutely necessary.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TCarlton
<Content>Great Service Experience Great customer service (Paul in particular was quite friendly and helpful) experience. Convenient to Diamond Head, Waikiki Beach, Pearl Harbor, and Oahu shopping/restaurants. No pool and small facilities/rooms keep this from being excellent, but it is a great value.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>missdeeee
<Content>Outstanding The best thing about this hotel was the attitudes of the staff. Each and every one of them were accommodating, pleasant, helpful, and made us feel really welcome.Other pros were the delicious fresh breakfast provided every morning (fresh sliced fruit, muffins, cereal, yoghurts, coffee, tea, juice); the beach towels, chairs and umbrellas provided when needed; 1 block from the quiet end of Waikiki beach; and the superking, super comfortable bed.The only things that could be improved is the showerhead (a little spluttery) and the noisy aircon. I slept with ear plugs, but I am a light sleeper - my boyfriend didn't mind the air con.I would definitely recommend a stay here. We were really well looked after.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Kidssleep
<Content>A great small hotel close to the beach and zoo For the me, this hotel is a gem in Waikiki. There is no restaurant or pool, but my preference is to stay in a small hotel with excellent service close to restaurants, beaches and other services. My wife, son, and I stayed in this hotel, in two rooms, for 7 days. The web site accurately portrays the hotel and the rooms. Robert and the desk staff were polite, friendly, and helpful. Continental breakfasts, served by cheerful staff, consisted of fresh fruits, yoghurt, cold cereal, coffee, juice, tea, and pastries. I was able to find good espresso shops nearby, when I chose to enjoy the morning, sitting at the beach. Necessary beach amenities (chairs, towels, mats, boogie boards) were all provided by the hotel.There are no balconies (Lanai's), but rooms are beautifully appointed, and well cared for. One of our rooms had an excellent view of the beach. The hotel is in the process of upgrading the wireless network system, and we were quickly provided with an alternate arrangement to provide fast internet access in our room, when the system was too slow. I particularly appreciated this attention to detail, as my serenity is directly proportional to the condition of my internet access.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>McBusy
<Content>Perfect We stayed at the hotel Renew for 9 days and it was everything we were looking for. Great service, healthy breakfast, a block from the beach, etc...The staff group was always ready to help and happy to do so.The breakfast always had great fruit, yogurt, granola and some great kind of local bread with chicken. I know... kind of weird for breakfast, but it was delicious! lolLiterally a block from the beach and with an ABC store right next to it.No pool, but with the great beaches who will got to the pool!!!No restaurants, which for me its a plus since you don't have noise or people everywhere. Its not hard to find good restaurants around and the staff is always helpful with that.Next year I'm considering going back to Oahu and Hotel Renew will be my option.I hope you enjoy the hotel like I did, Mario.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BCMck
<Content>Trendy and Modern We stayed at the Hotel Renew on our way home from New York to break up the trip at the start of November 2008. The hotel itself is one block back from the beach and within 5mins walking distance to most of the shopping in Waikiki (not completely central, but close enough). I dont think they have a pool which could be a downside, but we only used the hotel as a stopover anyway so it didnt matter to us (plus the ocean is 5mins away and its so much nicer than any pool). The rooms are very modern and clean, with big shutters opening out to big windows with great ocean views. As they were booked out of our room type when we arrived they upgraded us free of charge to an ocean view room, which was really, really nice and after a 15hr flight the king bed was heaven. Breakfast is a really nice continental set up down stairs, but they have very few tables so it was a bit cramped. We were served by Erik at the front desk who was friendly, courteous and helpful - we actually werent particularly nice to him (the airport lost our bag after our long flight and by the time we got to the hotel we werent in a good mood at all) so if someone from the hotel reads this Erik was fantastic - even when dealing with grumpy, tired, jetlagged guests (sorry Erik). Overall it was a great stay and if we go back to Honolulu which i think we will, we wouldnt hesitate staying at the Renew.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelingTerp78
<Content>Great hotel! A great stay overall! The rooms are super clean, if a little small, as well as newly remodeled. Hotel Renew offers a great free continental breakfast every morning, something I have not seen very often in Hawaii. The hotel is a block from the beach and the staff can provide beach towels, boogie boards, etc to hotel guest. My husband and I loved our stay. The only downside was that our room did not have a balcony so it was difficult to dry wet clothes from the beach.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PamColumbusOhio
<Content>Hotel Renw Was Great! I stayed at Hotel Renew as a stopover on my way to and from Korea. I found it quite by accident through the internet, but was I glad I did! Hotel Renew is a small, boutique hotel only 1/2 block from Waikiki Beach. While I don't care to swim or go to the beach, for those who do, the beach is only that short 1/2 block away. Shops and restaurants are all within easy walking distance from the hotel. And, a very nice continental breakfast is provided off the hotel's lobby each morning - lots of that wonderful Hawaiian pineapple, pastries, cereal, etc.The hotel rooms and lobby are designed in a modern Asian, very Zen-like style, and hotel is eco-friendly which is something I really liked. While both of my rooms were a little noisy from street traffic (but not enough to keep me from sleeping!), the best thing about the hotel is the staff. They are so helpful and friendly. When I first got to my room, I found that my iron did not work. I called the front desk and in less than 10 minutes, I had a new iron. The front desk staff and the doormen were all terrific - very welcoming and made me feel right at home. I will definitely return to Hotel Renew.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ltj4u
<Content>great waikiki location We picked this hotel from trip advisor and it was fine.Terrific location in Waikiki, 1 block from the beach, in the middle of everything. Excellent staff, knew us by name in 5 minutes, nice room, not huge but fine, newly reno lobby and our room was also newly reno'ed but some finishing touches needed. Valet parking at 20 per day is a deal in waikiki. Some lower end condo's behind but nothing bad to say about that either. If you don't mind paying $200ish then this is a good place. If one thing sticks out about waikiki, it would be the great attitude of almost every service industry person we encountered.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gariano
<Content>Definately the best hotel in Waikiki..... I've been to Waikiki many times before but this was the first time staying at Renew. We stayed 9 days at the hotel. This was by far the best hotel I've stayed at. The staff are awesome. They really make it a great experience. They are there to help you with whatever you need. The hotel was steps away from the beach. The decor was nice. Housekeeping was extremely friendly. We would definately stay at this hotel again the next time we're in Waikiki. There's a reason this is the number 1 hotel in Waikiki. Make sure you bring a cookie for Paul...  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Commander_Pants
<Content>Thank you for early checkin! I saw the great reviews for the hotel on trip advisor and I booked solely on those reviews, I was not disappointed.My flight arrived from Australia in Honolulu at around 6:15am, by the time I arrived at the hotel it was around 9am and I was able to check-in! I suspect this is because it is the slow season in Hawaii (it's winter in October/November), but regardless this was such a relief. I was able to have a shower and relax a little instead of wondering around until 3pm which is the standard checkin time.The hotel is in a pretty good position towards the eastern end of Waikiki. It's about a 1 minute walk from Waikiki Beach and is about 100 feet away from Hilo Hattis shuttle bus and the Waikiki Trolley.GOOD+Early Check-in+Refresher towel and chilled pinapple juice on arrival+Light complimentary Breakfast each morning+Fantastic, modern decor+The most comfortable hotel bed I've ever had!+Complimentary cocktails on Thursday (I think) afternoonBAD+Very noisy air con+Although it's pretty standard Valet parking will cost you $22 a day (thankfully I didn't have a car).  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ali_Jarro
<Content>Sensational hotel I stayed at Hotel Renew between 2-10 November 2008 and felt compelled to write a review about this gem of a hotel.My husband and I are very fussy, hard to please people, especially where hotels are concerned. We have absolutely nothing but praise for this amazing hotel and will be returning as soon as we can!The hotel is beautifully renovated, classy, comfortable, extremely clean, very well located, and the staff are without doubt the best I have encountered in 15+ years of travelling. They were, without exception, extremely accommodating, friendly, welcoming and professional. Standouts were Angie and Grace, who always greeted us with a smile when entering/leaving the hotel and Paul, who helped us out with hiring a car and travelling around the island. Angie and Grace also sent some champagne and a card up to our room on our 1st day at the hotel to celebrate our wedding anniversary- a really lovely gesture and one which was much appreciated by both of us. What little sweethearts.I can鈥檛 wait to return to the hotel on our next holiday. It was divine. We had such a fabulous stay that I was actually quite emotional about leaving on our day of departure and had a cry in our cab to the airport and again at the airport check-in! How embarrassing!! Mahalo, Hotel Renew :-)  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lboone9362
<Content>The Hotel Renew       Wakiki Beach 2 blocks from hotel  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CCris03
<Content>Great staff, service, rooms and location! A+! Hotel Renew provided us with great service, a friendly and extremely helpful and resourceful staff, a cozy room with a great balcony, and if you wake up early like we did, the continental breakfast is a great way to start your day with fresh fruits, cereal, coffee, tea, and baked goods. We decided to valet our car since the meter costs 25 cents per 10 minutes! It turned out that the valet guys were really nice and super fast! And if you valet, there's the advantage of in and out any time. If you are new to Hawaii and Oahu, definitely ask the front desk for suggestions. They know where the locals go to eat and hang out, and they provide you directions on a map, which is really helpful since the streets names are really hard to remember.Also, since we arrived early and left late to and from the island, they were really nice to let us check in early and have a late check out because they had rooms available. Hopefully, you'll have the same luck too!The location is a plus, it's less then half a block from the beach right in the center of Waikiki!Mahalo to the Hotel Renew staff!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Who'stheMan
<Content>Deserving #1 We booked this Hotel because it was no 1 here. It deserves to be.The staff really are a cut above - as helpful and friendly as I have come across. They couldn't do enough for us.The location is ideal - 2 mins to the beach. The Hotel provide free beach towels, boogie boards etc. The rooms themselves are finished to a very high standard and well maintained. The beds are very comfortable.We stayed here for 5 nights when we started our hawaiian vacation. We had planned to treat ourselves to a fancy hotel when we came back to oahu, but we booked in here again, as it really was all you could ask for. Top marks.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lytia
<Content>Renewed at Renew Three couples over breakfast said they booked here due to it being number one of trip advisor. We only stayed one night, much to our regret. Fabulous on all counts and exceptionally helpful staff.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycragazza21
<Content>Hotel Renew was fabulous       bathroom  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarcCan
<Content>Loved My Stay at Hotel Renew! This was my second trip to this wonderful little gem of a hotel a short walk away from Waikiki Beach and all the action. Just got back from my five night stay there.Where does one start, Pearl and all her terrific staff, great attention to detail, friendly genuine service, glass of juice, a warm smile and a hot towel on arrival..nice touch, especially appreciated after my long flight from Canada...Rooms are not huge but more than adequate....comfortable beds, I slept like a baby each night, in house safe where you can fit a laptop and free internet service in the room, a great bonus.Breakfast is fine, for me the fresh fruit, coffee, juice and cereal each morning were perfect, there were other items, but get their early though as it it fills up fast and only a small space to eat, but after a few minutes a space will appear.If you are looking for a big fancy hotel in Honolulu with all the bells and whistles, this is not the place for you, but if you are like me, looking for a great little hotel, a real gem, the new look is awesome, where you feel like you are not just a number and are like a true guest, I would recommend this hotel hands down, for location, value and being so friendly, I don't think it can be beat. Next time I am in Honolulu, I will stay at the Hotel Renew again for sure..  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ffemtrn
<Content>Worth a stay at Hotel Renew       Modern room (505) with 32" wide screen  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bon22
<Content>Loved the Renew We just got back Oct 20th from a wonderful one week stay at Hotel Renew. Room - We had a city view with king bed. The bed was huge and the room had a flat screen tv that also converted to the internet which was great if I needed to research places to go or communicate with people back home. The decor is very modern and the linens and bed were very comfortable.Location - It's a 2 min walk to the beach and there's an ABC store and Starbucks right around the corner. Very close to the main strip with all the restaurants and shopping.Breakfast - They offered pastries, granola, fresh fruit, cereal, tea, coffee. I only wished the offered toast and eggs. But again, there's a Starbucks around the corner if you need it and a Wolfgang Puck Express which has great breakfast too.Staff - All very helpful and polite. The cleaning staff also do a great job everyday. When we checked out, they stored our luggage for us and also offered a hospitality room if we needed to freshen up before we left.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jonah96
<Content>Superb experience with one caveat Just completed my stay today. Very good experience overall. Greeted with a complimentary glass of fruit juice and hot washcloth while checking in. Very nice touch after a long flight from the East coast. Staff friendly to the person, without exception. Not overly friendly either. Low-key, but polite and responsive. Perfect for me, as I'm not into really high-key friendly. In any event, the staff is exceptional.Rooms are great - big by Waikiki standards and very well-appointed. Especially liked the lighting control system - with locations at each side of the bed, in the bathroom, and at the front door upon entry, you can control the closest light, turn on all the lights (with a button entitled Bright), turn off all the lights (Night), or a custom setting (Just Right). Very cool. No need to run around the room, or as more often the case, get out of bed.The entire hotel is modeled after a modern East Asian style, all very new and chic. I suppose the trend will eventually become outdated, but it's very tastefully done, even if it isn't your first style preference. The beds, comforters, and pillows are all high-quality - exceptionally comfortable. There's also an LCD TV in the room and a safe that can fit a laptop (though no fridge, sadly). Bathrooms are nice, especially the sink style and lighting (I've never looked better than I did in their bathroom mirror - wish I could carry the whole lighting/mirror setup home with me). Also has a hair dryer, ironing board and iron, and other amenities.Continental breakfast each morning is nice. Fresh fruit, granola, yogurt, muffins  pastries, coffee, and fruit juice. Very fresh and tasty; just a bit tricky to find seating at peak times because of the small lobby/bar area. Still very nice.Service is impeccable, including the valet parking (a must - $20/day for the space, with in/out privileges, but be prepared to tip a couple bucks each time you leave). They even provide complimentary beach towels for you - just check them out at the front desk, take them to the beach, which is about 100 meters away, and turn them in when you return).In short, I loved everything about Hotel Renew except one thing - the wireless Internet service. It's free and carries a strong signal (my MacBook signal was full strength), but it was dreadfully, painfully slow. So slow that even checking email was laborious at times. Because I was here at a conference and had to do some work at various points, I was disappointed at not being able to use the Internet more reliably and quickly (I frequently use gotomypc.com to access my work computer). Honolulu's not exactly bursting at the seams with free wireless hotspots either, so this was a pretty serious inconvenience for me. Just a word of warning if you need to use the Internet for anything other than email and/or casual surfing.Short of that snag, Hotel Renew was superb. Highly, highly recommended. Will definitely stay again when returning to the Islands.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Lester08
<Content>The perfect Waikiki get-away Spent a week at the Hotel Renew and it was perfect. Location is great--on the quieter end of Waikiki, with a good swimming beach a 2-minute walk from the hotel. Grace, Paul and the rest of the staff were incredibly attentive and helpful. We bought fresh ginger flowers in Chinatown and they quickly found us a vase so we could enjoy them in our room for the week. They also provide all the beach acoutrements one could want (towels, mats, chairs). Brunch was nice, with fresh juice, pastries, granola, etc. (although for die-hards like us, there is a Starbucks just around the corner). One of the best things about our stay was the bed--more comfortable than any hotel bed I've ever slept in; woke up feeling refreshed every morning. Definitely a nicer vacation than we would have experienced at one of the larger, impersonal hotels.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maphopper
<Content>Fabulous Boutique Hotel! Excellent! Modern, small boutique hotel in a great location. Service is fabulous. They offer pineapple juice and a cold towel when you check-in. Complimentary beach towels, mats, boogie boards, wi-fi in the rooms, light breakfast every morning, and cocktail hour make this one of the more personal hotels.It's wedged between the big hotels, Marriott and ResortQuesti, which makes it easy access to buses, shuttles, and the beach. If you want to avoid the $20/day parking fee, just rent a car for the day @ the Marriott, across the street. It's also at the end of Waikiki, close to Diamond Head and Kapahulu Ave (walking distance to great non-touristy restaurants, as well as Leonards Bakery and Waiola Shaved Ice)I would definitely stay here again. It's a change from the over-rated and over-priced resort hotels.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Jcandkc
<Content>Stayed at the Hotel Renew Foyer of hotel was very inviting and well designed. Very nice, polite and well mannered staff in all areas - management, reception, bar staff and maintenance staff.Room was great - big, comfortable bed and pillows. Very tidy and well maintained bathroom with a sea view of the setting sun.Had problems with the air conditioning system being too noisy at night but our complaint was heard by management who immediately went up to the room and sent maintenance staff to repair the problem. A personal apology was sent immediately as well a small gift from management that was very much appreciated.We would certainly recommend to all visitors and friends and would vacation there again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>HiloTourist
<Content>You will feel renewed at Hotel Renew! Who would have thought that this hotel which is in a very un-hotel like building would house terrific employees and atmosphere. From the minute the doorman opens the door for you at check in until he opens it again at check out, you will feel like they are there to service only you. Grace at the front desk is GREAT!!!!!! She provided a first class experience and even going the extra mile by leaving me a message on my cell phone to confirm my massage!!! The continental breakfast is served in the lobby area and at night, transforms into a little bar area. The location is fabulous. Waikiki beach is really a 5 minute walk away and you can even walk to the zoo and Kapiolani Park if you wish. The rooms are very cozy and inviting. The bathroom even has a button that says touch me and when you do, the lights go on. The beds have feather mattresses. Not all the rooms have a private lanai and if you rent a car parking is a mandatory $20 per day. A first class experience all the way.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pakole
<Content>Nice Break from the Traditional Hawaii Experience. The hotel was quite an experience. It was very easy to find. It was so easy to find, I was able to use the Honolulu bus system to find it. It had everything I needed or wanted in one place. The hotel was the best thing I experienced during my time in Hawaii. The experience starts with the door being opened into this modern deco style lobby. You are then greeted by two very kind and helpful attendants. I was given a glass pineapple juice and checked-in with almost no effort or delay. As I made my way through the hotel, you could get a feel of how small of a hotel it was, but you never felt crowded. When I entered my room, I was greeted with some amazing and delightful deco and a nice plump king size bed. The TV and entertainment computer were great ways to kill time, but the room really did not need that. It was peaceful enough to just meditate or be calm and still. The entertainment computer provided multiple options that I made it so I could not use all of them during my stay. The check-out was quick and effortless. You are just given your recipe unless you obtain outside of the normal room cost. The cost of the room for what I got was incredible. I found it hard to believe the location of the hotel along with the cost of the room. The location also provides you with a convenience store just down the street. Also, you are two or three blocks from shopping and an exciting night life. In addition, the Marriott is across the street and has some shops in it. There were three negative events in the whole experience. First, the shower nozzle appeared to be a little dirty. It was not a pressing issue, but I just happen to notice it when I took a shower. Second, the remote for my TV did not work initially, but a simple call got fix immediately. Third, the WiFi provided to the room had spotty performance in the morning. I guess that is its high use period, but that is just another thing to note. The other thing missing was my wife. It was really too bad this was a busy trip. I will definitely come back with wife, so she can explain this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bexxford
<Content>Hotel Renew Staff-(especially Robert  Grace -excellent!) A++++Ambiance- A++++Location- A++++Comfort- A++++Accessibility- A++++I loved walking through the door at the Hotel Renew and having the staff know my name! I only stayed four days, and I honestly cried when the shuttle drove me away to the airport. The beds are light and feathery with big down quilts. The beach is half block from the chaotic beach. Honestly, it was nice to be close, but not right on top of crowds swarming Kalakaua. I would bring all my friends and family to stay at the Hotel Renew!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caribeocean
<Content>Friendly Stylish Hotel I stayed there in Oct. If you're looking for a nice Hawaiian theme hotel, I don't recommend.but, they have HUGE screen TV, free internet access, continental breakfast with fresh fruits,friendly staffs... It's new hotel, so there are few problems... one of elevator was not working,toilet and internet in our room had little problem, but when I called them, maintenance cameour room quickly. There are no pool, Oceanview was little different what they have on their website.If you don't have car, It is the LAST stop for airport shuttle, and first hotel for pick up, so we had additional travel time.But, overall, it was great, but I don't recommend for long stay.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LFC79
<Content>Will be back to renew again soon i hope On travelling to our hotel i got worried as the trip took what felt like forever but when we got there it was the best hotel on the strip. The ones at the front are expensive but being just one hotel back you can still get all the perks for less $$$. Upon checkin the hotel upgraded us to a ocean view which was fantastic. Secondly all the staff were super friendly. Then they topped it off with some chocolate and champs to congratulate us on the wedding. When you leave the hotel it is in the perfect spot - close to food and shops and the beach infront seemed to be one of the quiter spots so you werent crowded but your still in the heart of waikiki. The complimentary beach towels were excellent as well as the internet access - nut im not sure if that is ongoing??Right ourside was the trolley to the largest outdoor mall in the world ( i thought hawaii had no good shops!!) so $2 bucks a ride is excellent!They also have free breaky but you have to get in early to get food and a seat.We loved our stay and all the renovations look great.A short walk up the road is the cheesecake factory restaurant - they dont take bookings but the food is worth the wait!!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kgzero
<Content>Great Small Hotel We (my wife and I) stayed at Hotel Renew for 3 nights in mid September and loved it from the moment we walked in. The entire staff was friendly and extrememly helpful. The rooms were nice and decorated in a modern/asian theme. I had no complaints other than the fact that the breakfast is limited to pastries,fruit, and fruit - but it's free, so I can't really complain. I have read the negative reviews of this hotel, and I just don't see what they were talking about. No pool, no problem, the beach/ocean is a 20 to 30 second walk down the street., so what's the problem. Did you honestly come to Waikiki to swim in a hotel pool?! I definetly recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone. I will be coming back to hotel the next time I come back to Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mh1HoiAn
<Content>Excellent hotel Sydney, AustraliaStayed in this hotel with another couple. Great boutique hotel - one of a kind in Waikiki with so many large impersonal chain hotels all around. Found the personal service in this hotel really appealing. Rooms were beautifully furnished - only recently renovated and it shows! Lovely modern decor and most comfortable bed ever! Complimentary continental breakfast was really appreciated. Breakfast area is small but never seemed to be a problem getting somewhere to sit. Staff very courteous and helpful. Pearl, the manager, obliged by letting us store extra luggage while we visited the Big Island. Also found Robert on the front desk very obliging and helpful. On the last day we had a late flight and check-out time was midday. Pearl again was extremely obliging in making arrangements for us to have access to facilities prior to leaving. Really liked this hotel and can't fault it. Nice to find a boutique style hotel in Waikiki of such high quality. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Siri-Linn
<Content>Exxelent! Fancy hip hotel! Great, friendly and helpfull staff!Free beachtowels, boogieboards, beachmats etc.Lovely rooms!EXELLENT location, next to Waikiki Beach!The breakfast was a bit dull.. Pineapple juice, coffe, bagels, muffins, buns and some fruits.. But got us going untill lunchtime ;)Cleaning was great!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>falcon01
<Content>We loved it, excellent staff My wife and I were at Hotel Renew in September, we arrived late in the evening and were greeted with friendly smiles. Our experience at Hotel Renew was excellent, I can honestly say that I have nothing to complain about. The employees were always courteous and were always willing to help us out in any way. My wife and I travel a lot and this is one of the best hotels we've stayed in. The room was great and housekeeping was meticulous. We want to say thank you to Robert, Ali, Paul, Eric and all the staff at Hotel Renew for helping to make our vacation truly memorable. We had an excellent experience and are looking forward to seeing you all again in the near future.MJ Santos  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>schnauzernyc
<Content>Hip and chic--you won't get lost in the crowd! Where Waikiki is overrun with huge resort properties, this small boutique hotel is a welcome site. Sure, it's small...the lobby does double duty as the bar/breakfast area, but that's the appeal. You leave your room, head down to the entrance and step outside. At any other property it would've taken 15 minutes to navigate. The decor is totally chic, beds are super comfy with down comforters, and the staff is extremely welcoming. As soon as we approached the check in desk, they greeted us by name (lucky guess?) and handed us a glass of pineapple juice and refreshing hand towels. One night they hosted a cocktail reception with free mai tais. It doesn't have a pool, but our room overlooked another hotel whose pool looked disgusting. Better for Renew that Waikiki beach is one block away. Only downside was the weird projector tv contraption that worked only half the time (hotel would be much better off with some big flatscreens). Suggestion: don't go for the upgrade for an ocean view--the view isn't really worth it. You'll have a great stay regardless.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beachlove08
<Content>Friendly and Courteous Staff My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Renew for five nights, and we were so impressed with their staff. They let us keep both of our surfboards and bodyboards in their storage area, and everytime we needed them they were so helpful and prompt getting them for us.Everyone there made us feel so comfortable and welcomed. I also need to mention their very tasteful decor and the cleaniness. We were also happy with the quality of their continental breakfast. The fruits, the coffee and their baked goods were very fresh. We were so glad we chose Hotel Renew because it takes us 13 hours to fly to Oahu and the hotel definitely helped us in having a great vacation.The location was also so convenient to everything; but at the same it's not in the middle of the tourist trap. We can't wait to go back :)  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>magyz
<Content>If Service is Important to you We only spent one night here after a wonderful week in Maui. The service at this hotel was impeccable. Our family of four stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms and had plenty of space. We explored all of Waikiki Beach, which was only steps from the front entrance. On check out day we had an evening flight and the hotel held our luggage for the day while we toured around. When the kids decided to go for a swim the staff provided a concierge room for them to shower and rest before we left at 9 pm for our night flight. The staff truly went above and beyond in all that they did. We all had a feeling that the staff wanted us to have the greatest vacation ever. So if service is important to you this is the place to go.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>arewethereyet94
<Content>Great Hotel! Great Location! Wow! So many wonderful changes! We stayed here in June of 2007 when we came over for our son's wedding, and returned this August (2008) to visit. Because we had such a good experience with this hotel last year I booked us here again this year. The hotel is just a one minute walk to the beach. (Two minutes if you have to stop at the crosswalk and wait for the light.)  The hotel has been completely renovated, and is very beautiful. We were greeted at the desk with a nice cool fruit drink and hand towels. I loved the bathroom, complete with a soothing fragrance, and 2 lighting options. The view of the ocean was beautiful. Upon arrival, sitting on the beds, the beds were so comfortable we didn't want to get up and unpack. The beds, pillows and bedding are all extremely comfortable. The room and bathroom were very clean. Our daughter was quite happy with the projection TV. She had the remote most of the time. :) There were flowers and oranges in the room. There was a nice, glass covered, large desk that would be useful if you bring a laptop and needed room to do some work. As in 2007, the staff is still very professional and courteous. We weren't sure if we wanted to use the valet parking, but decided to try it - and we were glad we did. We were in and out a lot for sightseeing attractions and visiting our son and daughter-in-law. The valet staff were always right there with our vehicle - with the A/C running :) We will use the valet parking every time.The staff was accommodating when we had a couple tourist/new to the area needs. Once I had lost directions to get to our appointment (swimming with sharks) on another part of the island, and we were running pretty close to our time line. I was in a bit of a panic as I went back into the hotel to ask for information on how to get there; both of the staff members at the desk immediately looked on the computer at the same time to get the info. for me. We made it on time! The manager even sent a gift up to our room for our daughter for her 13th birthday!! Thank you Pearl - You made her day!We can't wait to come back - and we'll stay Hotel Renew again - we are already planning what other tours and attractions we will see next time.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jf2323
<Content>Loved Hotel Renew We were able to stay at the Hotel Renew during mid January and the place was still under renovation. However, despite all the construction that was going on we had a great stay. The Asian inspired d茅cor was very creative in comparison to the other hotel chains in Waikiki. The rooms were soothing and had a spa like feel to them. I found that the free internet service that was accessible via the 32鈥?LCD HDTV was very helpful in looking up various restaurants, activities and other helpful information; not to mention check my email everyday. The staff was very friendly and welcoming and the room and bathroom were cleaned daily. The hotel was a block away from the beach and was close to the bus stop. I didn鈥檛 have problems parking鈥ou just have to know where to park. The free continental breakfast helped out a lot especially for a couple of students who were trying to budget their way in Oahu. We would like to thank, in particular, Leonor Wong for going out of her way to make us feel welcomed and to ensure that we had a great stay. She is friendly, kind, thoughtful, and considerate and it is because of her great customer service that I rated the hotel a 5 out of 5. The hotel would simply not be the same without her. Thank you Leonor and to all the staff at Hotel Renew. We look forward to staying at Hotel Renew in the future.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kimfolz
<Content>Great Location Great location right by Waikiki Beach. The only complaint we had was that it isn't as quiet as we could hear the noises from the city and on our final night, our neighbors late in the night. The staff is very personable and accomodating. The hotel smelled pleasant (no smoke stenches). We had a wonderful time!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>NYMeg
<Content>Very Happy with Hotel Renew We spent one night at Hotel Renew on our way home from a week in Kauai. It's in a nice location, just steps from a beautiful portion of Waikiki beach with great swimming and an easy walk up the waterfront avenue to other hotels, restaurants, and shops. It had the feel of a small, hip boutique hotel. Everything was very sleek and modern, including the flat-screen TV in our room and the bedside light controls that allowed us to set up any lighting scheme we could have desired. While the room was the slightest bit cramped with a king side bed and a chair and ottoman, it was perfectly good for us for the one night. The staff were extremely courteous and professional. Other nice touches included chilled pineapple juice and cold scented towels at check-in and a nice continental breakfast provided in the small lobby bar. My single complaint about the place was the lack of a mirror outside the bathroom, but that's as much as I could find to gripe about. Some might take issue about the essentially mandatory valet parking for $20, but the quickness with which they brought the car around and the headache of parking that was avoided by using valet made it worth it for us.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>m1mars
<Content>Nice Getaway We have just returned from a week stay at this hotel and had a wonderful time. This is a small quiet hotel and not a mega resort. The zen insprired lobby and rooms were refreshing from a long day on the beach and the crowds of Waikiki. The breakfast bar is on the very light side. Coffee, tea and pineapple juice and some fruit and small pasteries. It would be nice if they could offer a little more.At night the breakfast bar becomes a bar where you can unwind at the end of the day or start off your evening.We found all the staff to be helpful and friendly and would gladly offer advice on places to go or eat but it would be nice to have a concierge on site to help out.Our room was 501 which was smaller than the other rooms but it had a lanai which was great to put all our beach gear to dry.The room had free WiFi which is wonderful and a plasma tv. Did not use the inroom computer since I had my laptop. Since this hotel is smaller than the other hotels around it the views are not the ocean views you might want.I would recommend this hotel to people who want to unwind and relax.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chemist822
<Content>Not a 3.5 star hotel. Not the place to stay if you want the conveniences of a normal hotel. No restaurant. Tiny bar. The rooms are small and decorated in an Asian design. Black and white, chrome, glass, mirrors and stone. It had a very cold atmosphere. The only good thing was that it was 50 yards from the beach. A definite do not stay recommendation.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Belletoile
<Content>Great Price, Location and Staff - A few gripes though... We stayed at Hotel Renew in mid-August. When we checked in we were given a room on the 3rd floor where you could hear all of the noise from the very busy street below. As I wanted to get good sleep and relax on my honeymoon trip, I didn't want any noise. We called the front desk asking for room on a higher floor. The man told my husband there was nothing immediately (it didn't seem like he actually checked the computer system)... Since that was unacceptable to me and I would rather find a new hotel than not get good sleep in one, I called him back. He then spent a minute looking and found a room on the 9th floor (top floor). This was MUCH better. The only real problem with this room was that it faced other high-rise apt. buildings whereby all the inhabitants there can see right into your room. So, there is quite a lack of privacy. If you don't want people looking at you all the time, you have close the shades and not be able to enjoy the natural sunlight. Also, the side we faced had an alley down below where lots of youth hostels are located. So, needless to say, quite a few strange druggie-types were always hanging out down there and making quite a racket late into the night. After our first night, I hadn't slept more than 4 hours b/c of the horribly loud noise from the students and bums hanging out on the street below playing guitar and talking/laughing LOUDLY! We asked the front desk to move us to the opposite side of the hall where it would be quiter (since now street down below), but they said they would charge us $25.00 more per night since it would be an ocean front room. Well, we didn't want to pay any more money to stay there, so we declined the offer and got earplugs. So, for the rest of my stay I had to wear earplugs... Not good. As others said, the free breakfast is just mini-pastries (quite fatty and unhealthy), a little bit of fruit (grapes or oranges), yogurt, and coffee/pineapple juice. There was no variety day to day and after a few days I was going to die if I had to eat the SAME thing again! Some definite variety is needed - cereal, toast, butter, honey, boiled eggs, etc.The room was comfortable (city-view King) and had a fairly nice bed. The bathroom was quite small and the tub was old-ish - so, I never got to take a relaxing bath (which I usually like to do in nicer hotels). Flat screen TV where you could search the internet, too, was cool. So, no real need to bring your own laptop. Elevators are a bit old, as are the hallways in the hotel. The breakfast area needs to be larger. Also, one staff member (a lady with red highlights in her longish black hair) seemed to only want to talk/flirt with the male guests at the hotel. She never one said hi to me. But, she was always fritting around the lobby trying to look stylish and important and talking only to guys who came and went. So, that was not very professional. Otherwise, the valet guys were super nice. The $20.00/night fee is a total ripoff. This should be no more than $12.00, since there is a lot just down the street where you can park for about $8-10.00. Lastly, as it was my honeymoon (and I had noted that several times when making my reservation), I expected they would do something special (as they had promised). Well, that never happened. Half-way through the week, I called the front desk and asked why I never got anything and they said oops! So, they sent us a bottle of cheap champagne and a box of cheap Hawaiian chocoloates. I wasn't impressed. We ended up giving the champagne to the housekeeper...I, too, never saw or met the manager nor did I meet/see the infamous Leonore. So, what was all of that hype about?!?!...I think I would return if I couldn't find one of the higher-end hotels available for a good price. But, I can't say I was in love with the hotel. We made the best out of it though.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>FoodieTravels
<Content>Affordable Luxury at Hotel Renew We were able to book the first 5 nights of our honeymoon at Hotel Renew for half price! By the time we got there, renovations were almost done- no visible signs, but we heard a few bangs of a hammer lat one afternoon. Didn't bother us at all!The room was gorgeous- modern Asian design, so clean and perfect! Dimmer lights throughout, flat screen TV/PC with internet, movies, etc. Mini fridge, chilled champagne and box of macadamia nut chocolates waiting for us on arrival! Great housekeeping each day as well!The continental breakfast each morning was light and fresh- various local pastries like macadamia nut muffins, great strong coffee, fresh pineapple juice, fruit and hard-boiled eggs. The lounge is also beautiful and comfortable.Very professional, yet friendly service. We called down to the front desk a couple of times for help planning a day trip, and the staff was able to give us all the info and suggestions we needed.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mawsjm
<Content>Hotel Renew is the model for boutique hotels The four of us (husband and 2 teenage boys) recommend Hotel Renew unequivocally.  Upon arrival, we were greeted with cool washcloths scented with lemongrass (which I placed on my sunburned shoulders for 2 hours!), and a cold glass of pineapple juice. Check in was a breeze. Our room appeared just as in the pictures. Modern, minimalist, comfortable (1st Hawaii project by designer Jiun Ho). We had a LARGE projection TV which the boys loved (to watch Olympics).  The hotel is less than a block from the beach. The staff provided beach chairs, beach towels, boogie boards whenever we requested them, and then took them off our weary hands upon our return to the hotel. Personal service is their specialty. By the 2nd day, they would recognize us coming and going (unlike a mega-resort where you are a face in the crowd). Kudos go out to Angie, Grace, Will, Kyle and the rest of the staff (sorry that I don't have everyone's names, but they were all gracious and helpful). Accolades to the hotel manager PEARL -- it's obvious she sets the tone for her staff. Some of the review here were written BEFORE the renovations were complete. These should be disregarded if you are considering this hotel. The renovations are done with some minor work or rework still being done (saw evidence of that in our hallway). More hooks for wet swimsuits (maybe just inside the room door?) would be nice, but if that's all I have to grumble about ..... !! If ever in Oahu again, we will return to Hotel Renew.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>STCgolfgirl
<Content>Hotel Renew My husband and I stayed at Hotel Renew in Feb. 2008. We selected this hotel based on the reviews we read from Trip Advisor. I have to say we were disappointed after hearing so many wonderful things. Our room was quite small. The bed took up most of the space. We had our golf clubs with us which we kept in the room. We kept tripping over things trying to move through the room, because the space was so small. When we checked in and were shown to our room, we mentioned to the staff member that there wasn鈥檛 any room for our clubs. He replied, 鈥淭hese corner rooms are pretty small.鈥?If you are at all claustrophobic, you won鈥檛 want to stay here. We often left the hotel at 6:30 to get to other locations on the island or make an early tee time. When we asked if we could get coffee at 6:30, we were told that it wouldn鈥檛 be ready until 7:00. One of the most annoying parts of our stay was the loud music from the pool area in the hotel next to Hotel Renew, which played until the wee hours of the morning. The staff was very pleasant when we went to ask for something on the 2nd floor. Otherwise we didn鈥檛 see them. We stayed at this hotel for 5 days and never saw the famous Lenore Wong that we kept hearing about. We told them when we made our reservation as well as when we checked in that we were celebrating our 35th wedding anniversary. A note or some small acknowledgement would have been nice, but our special occasion went unrecognized. When we checked into our hotel on Maui, they had a bottle of champagne waiting for us to help celebrate our 35 years. Hotel Renew is in a good location, a short walk to the beach. There is convenient parking nearby. The staff is very friendly and the rooms are clean. Otherwise, we were disappointed in our stay here.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bbk3e
<Content>No frills - good stay Hotel Renew finished renovating the property about a month prior to our stay. It's a no-frills property - the rooms are nice and have a contemporary flair. We ended up staying in two different rooms during the week because we left to visit Maui and then came back prior going home.The rooms are pretty much as the website shows and describes. There isn't much sound-proofing between the bedroom and the bathroom. Nor is there much sound-proofing between the room and the hallway.The continental breakfast is not what was expected - just some coffee and pineapple juice, some muffins and sliced oranges. The space set up for the breakfast is small - maybe 4 small tables total plus a bar with stools for maybe a total of 12 people - so get there early (or go somewhere else).A much larger resort is next to Hotel Renew (a ResortQuest property), so some of the noise from that property tends to float over to Hotel Renew. But we spent most of our time outside and spent only time in the room to sleep, so it wasn't such a big deal.The first room we stayed in had poor Internet wi-fi. They responded immediately by putting in a new router, but it didn't help. Our second room at the end of the week had much better Internet. We used the wi-fi to ferret out new locations to visit (not work!).  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>mdogs
<Content>The Renew is a Winner!! We booked this hotel last minute based on the trip advisor reviews and picked up a great deal on the hotels website.we arrived about 8pm after a long day of flying and we were greeted by friendly faces at the reception who gave us juice and hand towels while we waited to be checked in. the staff at the hotel were fantastic and were so helpful and friendly. they always greeted you everytime you entered the reception.the rooms were beautiful! the whole hotel is very modern and has a very nice feel to it. the rooms were quite large, and had everything you needed. the beds and pillows were extremely comfortable, the best hotel bed we'd come across on our two month holiday!the location is perfect, just back from the beach and right in the middle of it all. its only a short walk up to some of the main shops/markets etc. We absolutely loved this hotel and would definately come back and stay again!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>telebyte
<Content>Brilliant and unexpected Hotel Renew is absolutely brilliant. It's not the biggest, it's not on the beach, but it doesn't surprise me that it's #1. From the staff to the little decor touches to the afternoon cocktails that are so intimate you almost feel as if you're at a friendly house party, every detail excels.The staff knows where to direct guests to the real Honolulu and things I have not found in 20 years of traveling here, like the amazing outdoor museum of contemporary art (who knew?) And events like Art After Dark at the acadmey of art which are really locals only. And the beds and rooms are as peaceful as you can imagine we'll be BACK!Mahalo!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ultramet
<Content>A True Treasure on Waikiki!! OUTSTANDING !!!!! I just finished staying at the Hotel Renew with my family (wife and young son-age 7). I have been a frequent visitor to Hawaii and Waikiki Beach in general, and I must admit that this is ONE OF THE BEST HOTELS in Waikiki. A true treasure. The staff are extremely cordial and helpful. I initially stayed there for 2 nights before leaving to visit the other islands. My experience with the hotel staff was so pleasant (Lenore and Angie were GREAT!!!), that upon my return from the Big Island, I cancelled my Starwood points subsidized stay at the Sheraton Waikiki and stayed at the Hotel Renew instead.Upon check in, we were warmly greeted with lemongrass scented towels and refreshments. As we checked in, the front desk staff made sure that we were pleased with our room. Free continental breakfast was provided and Lenore was great (and provided the hard boiled eggs!). Beach equipment (umbrellas, mats, towels, chairs, boogie boards) was available for free. Valet parking was $20 per day, but parking in the prime Waikiki area is expensive in general. Upon our return to the mainland, we had a late departure, and we were allowed to keep our luggage at the hotel and to use a room to shower and prepare for our long flight home.The location of this hotel is also great -across from Waikiki beach and close to Kapiolani park (the Honolulu Zoo and the Aquarium), You also don't get that claustrophobic experience of being swamped with tourists when you stay at places like the Sheraton Waikiki and Outrigger. Being on a side street, you are close to everything in Waikiki Beach, without the hectic crowding.The hotel definitely has a boutique design and feel. I had my 7 year old son in tow , but the atmosphere in this hotel is more for couples and people who just want to relax on vacation (not be surrounded by screaming kids). I really wouldn't recommend this hotel if you are traveling with small kids , who are primarily interested in a pool/resort scene. Nevertheless, never did we feel unwelcome by having a young child, and my son quickly became friendly with the hotel staff.Also with a boutique design, the rooms are smaller than most chain hotels (ie., Hilton, Sheraton, Hyatt, etc); however, the size was more than adequate for us. The rooms are well designed to maximize the use of this smaller space (rooms are more like European and Japanese hotels in size ).Again, there are many more expensive places in Waikiki that will take your money but not provide you with the service that the Hotel Renew will. If you want to waste money, go stay at those other places. If you want SERVICE at a great price, then consider the Hotel Renew. I have a meeting in Waikiki next year, and I have already made plans to stay here instead of other highly recommended (i.e., expensive) hotels.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PixieChick69
<Content>An amazing gem - wouldn't stay anywhere else in Waikiki I'm writing this review from the wireless free internet in the room while sitting in bed on the bluetooth keyboard! I'll try and keep it shortish, but there's so much to praise that it'll be hard. Like most people I've read all the glowing reviews of the staff (which are absolutely spot on) so I'll focus on other stuff. That said, I've never seen such happy, helpful hotel staff that don't seem to be forcing a smile but actually love their jobs.First impression of the hotel is great. After taking the shuttle from the airport and stopping at all the massive chain hotels, I was thanking the heavens that I hadn't booked into one of them. The mass disneyland atmospheres would've killed me! The hotel lobby is serene and gorgeous - more spa than hotel. The room itself is perfection. I had a king regular room, and the furnishings are new, tasteful (no floral chintz in sight) and modern. I travel frequently for work and play so have seen my share of Westin, W, Sheraton and such, and I think the furnishings here are better than them all. Amenities in the room are flawless - wireless internet and all the cable channels you would want, free internet tv and movies, a mini-fridge, lutron dimmable lighting controlled from a console near the bed, a new bathroom with good shelf space...A special note on the bed - WOW. Very comfortable with beautiful bedding. I found there to be no noise from the street at all, which is great. Amazing for sleeping.Hotel Renew is really the perfect place to stay for location (1/2 block from a great part of the beach and everything is within 1/2 mile walk). It's not a family-oriented hotel...and that's a huge positive. If you're a single traveller or a couple and don't want the hoardes of kids running around, this is the place for you. That said, it's not a bad place for a family, but it'd be a family with class that stays here.I just can't recommend the hotel enough. I'm coming back to stay again in 10 days at the end of my trip, and I'm looking forward to the relaxation that is prevalent throughout the hotel as an end to my trip. So thanks to Pearl, Grace and everyone else who are the personal touch of a very special hotel.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcilOklahoma
<Content>Exceptional Service at Hotel Renew       Hotel Renew Room Photo  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RantingJules
<Content>Comfortale, but not worth the money you spend...       The view from room 606.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>robandrichie
<Content>Hotel Renew is PERFECT!       Media Centre  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TODon86
<Content>Average Hotel My wife and I recently stayed at the Hotel Renew for part of our honeymoon. The lobby and the room itself were very clean and trendy and the hotel employees were very helpful and very nice. The bed was very comfortable and the showers worked great. We had no complaints at all about the rooms other than they were a little small but I think that's normal for the area.My only real complaints were that the hallways in the hotel looked pretty old and were possibly undergoing renovations or something but it just kind of looked shabby when you were walking from the elevators to the rooms. The walls looked unfinished.Other than that we were a little disappointed that the hotel itself didn't have a restaurant or bar although it's located in a great spot in Waikiki so it's a very short walk to either. It wasn't a big problem for us but I figured it's worth mentioning.If you have a rental car you'll need to use the valet parking which is about $20 per day.Overall, our stay there was good but the hotel really isn't all that special.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FunInTheSun4Me
<Content>Home Away from Home! I recently stayed at the Hotel Renew for 8 days and had a wonderful time while staying there. The entire staff was very friendly, accommodating, and eager to make my stay an enjoyable one. We were all on a first name basis with each other and when I would come home from a day of work or site-seeing, it felt like I was coming home to my family. The front desk staff including Angie, Erick, and Robert were ever so helpful and patient with the 20+ questions I peppered them with daily about where to go, what to see, and how to get there. (Thanks again!)Leonor, the Director of Housekeeping is as lovely and thoughtful as all the other reviews have stated. She made it a special point to introduce herself to me and made sure my every need was met in a timely manner. She also went out of her way to do thoughtful little extra things to make my stay all the more special and memorable. Brian, Paul, and Will always made sure my car was available to me whenever I needed it. I never had to wait more than just a couple minutes for them to retrieve it. Yes, $20 a day is steep for valet parking, but it was a convenience that was well worth it.The property itself is very peaceful and ideally located at the East end of Waikiki so you get the benefit of easily walking into the shopping and restaurant zone, without feeling like you鈥檙e right in the middle of the chaos of the city. Diamond Head is conveniently nearby which is nice for running or hiking. The beach was less than 50 yards away and the hotel had free use of whatever beach toys, towels, and chairs you might need. The fact that this is a smaller, boutique size hotel without throngs of tourists going in and out of it on an hourly basis was definitely a plus and made for a much more relaxing, quiet environment.The rooms are nicely appointed and the beds are heavenly. Even though my room was classified as a city-view, I actually had a nice partial ocean view which was an extra plus. If you get a beach facing room, I would suggest keeping your window shut at night if you don鈥檛 want to hear the band playing from the Tiki Bar next door at the ResortQuest Hotel. I鈥檓 sensitive to noise, but with the window shut, I never had a problem with it. The rooms are a bit on the darker side, even with the multi-level switch setting, however, the hotel indicated they鈥檇 be happy to provide more lights for the room if desired. Counter space in the bathroom is a little tight, but I found an easy enough way to work around it. The property does not have a pool, however, I never found this to be an issue seeing as the beach was so close-by. Lastly, the hotel was great about little extra touches like a complementary continental breakfast and daily fresh fruit in your room and chocolates  orchids on your pillows in the evening. They also hold a weekly complementary manager鈥檚 cocktail reception which was very nice and a great way to meet some of the hotel staff as well as other guests staying at the hotel. The sevice at this hotel is outstanding and I would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting the Waikiki area. I look forward to staying there again whenever my travels take me back to Oahu.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>yamanote
<Content>A Great Choice for Waikiki Hotel Renew is a boutique hotel located near Kapiolani Park and Kuhio Beach at the far end of the Waikiki strip (Kalakaua Ave) towards Diamond Head. It could be described as a 鈥渄esigner鈥檚 hotel鈥?with lots of surprising and unusual design ideas included in both the hotel and guest room.Perhaps the most unusual and striking feature is a projector PC and TV system. Rather than a tabletop TV, the room features a built in PC projector that turns the wall into the projection screen for both the in room PC and cable television. We did not use the in room PC, but cable TV looked great projected on the wall. The room was kept immaculately clean by the housekeeping staff, with daily maid and turndown service. Two Hersey鈥檚 kisses are placed on the bed at turndown service for the chocolate minded. The bathroom was totally adequate, although better for a shower than a bath. The bathroom accessories are coconut shell type design that perfectly fits the culture and feeling of Hawaii. We had a city view room on the 4th floor. The room size is adequate. There is no balconey/lanai so the room can feel a bit closed in at times. Blockout window doors keep light out of the room for those who wish to sleep late. There is also a dimmer switch to adjust the lighting in the room to any desired level. The desk is oversized and nice to put plenty of stuff on. There is also a luggage stand located near the entrance door which keeps bags out of the way.Wifi is provided free, unlike many hotels that charge extra for internet. The connection to my Macbook was immediate. I measured the speed at about 150-250 kbps, which is not really broadband, but adequate for most purposes. My slingplayer worked ok at low video bit rate. Hotel Renew provides a light continental breakfast each morning in the lobby, including pastry, fruit slices, coffee and juice. Coffee makers are not located in the room. The hotel information book states coffee makers are available upon request. We did not request nor feel a coffee maker was necessary in the room.Parking is valet only and costs and extra $20/day. This was completely disclosed in the welcome email. The valet staff were excellent and always promptly retrieved our car upon request. The staff in general were great. Very friendly and helpful and a great asset of the hotel. Upon arrival, the check in staff provide cold oshibori towels and a welcome drink (pineapple juice) which is very nice. The hotel is completely non smoking, which is appreciated. Many smoker guests congregate outside the main entrance and can be observed when entering or exiting the hotel.Couple of nitpicks: the continental breakfast is too sparse - by around 9 am most of the breakfast pastries are gone and only sweet muffins are leftover. Also, orange slices seem to run out on occasion. One suggestion to the hotel would be to provide a larger variety of bread in the morning, like croissants or rolls. Also, the breakfast area is too cramped and not really enjoyable. Best to take the light meal back to the room. Also, the hotel entrance (not the guest rooms) faces the back loading dock of the massive Marriot Hotel which is not the most picturesque view. One convenience to note is that a branch of the ubiquitous ABC Store chain is located next to the hotel. This makes the purchase of drinks, snacks, food items very quick and easy.As other reviewers have noted, Hotel Renew is not a integrated resort. There is no pool, restaurant or other service facilities. Overall the Hotel Renew is a great choice for those who are looking for a good value boutique hotel and for those who do not desire or need a resort hotel experience. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrlac
<Content>Hotel Renew is FANTASTIC       The bed  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drbeatz
<Content>Noisy A/C!!! I stayed there in july of 2008 for 7 days. I arrived at the hotel to find a friendly valet at the door who took care of my rental car ( $20 per day). I arrived into a nice reception area, clean and modern looking and checked in promptly ( to my premier ocean view room) with helping staff. Thats where it started to go downhill starting as soon as i stepped in the lift. The lift itself had a strange musk about it that didn't go away for the duration of the holiday. This didn't overly concern me until i stepped into the hall where i notice most of my level was still under refurbishment ( which i had the impression was finished some months ago. There were large spaces with no wall paneling that were stuffed with rubbish, likely from the workers. This hit me as quite shocking but none the less i continued on.I arrived in my room which was quite nice, had a little bit of a smell but was still quite nice. Large flat panel TV with good selection of channels. Bed was reasonably comfortable. The a/c was a Nightmare! First of all, it never once successfully got the room below 78, which was very uncomfortable at night time, coupled by the fact that it was ridiculously loud, louder than a washing machine and ever hour and a half it would make loud cracking noises that would nearly always wake you or at least take you out of REM! For the whole week i didn't not get a good nights rest and i considered changing to the hilton.This place seems like a bargin but i am sorry to say i would not stay there again. The staff are very good but they seemed to have skimped on the details.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	4	2	

<Author>illyBritishColumbia
<Content>Wow... This was an incredibly satisfying place to stay. The staff was stunningly helpful with absolutely everything. They called us by name from the first time we walked in. The room, a City View King, was huge - and made such a great use of space...what with the space under the bed to store luggage, and the bench and drawers in the entrance area. It never felt cluttered, the way hotel rooms often do once you start digging around in your luggage, etc. The bed was sooo comfortable. The dimmable lighting was wonderful for me since I don't like bright light. We had a bit of trouble hooking up to the the Internet on the in-house TV/system and the manager himself came up to help us with it. The manager also gave us incredibly useful information for what to do with our evening, when we met him at the weekly Manager's Reception on Thursday night. Breakfast was also very nice.I could not recommend a hotel more highly - I would go back to Waikiki just to stay there, I have to admit.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rudilund
<Content>Hi-tech room and great location This hotel has a nice location, one block from the beach and only 50 meters from Resortquest at the south end of Waikiki.It's a small boutique hotel with a very nice reception. The people working there are extremely service minded. We felt welcome the second we entered the hotel.The hotel serves complimentary continental breakfass. The corridors leading to the hotel are quite sterile and they had no windows. The rooms are very hight tech with great AC, projector TV and PC, two great beds with nice duvet. Bathroom was wonderful. A very nice hotel room. I was missing the the lanai, but other than that it's great. Do bear in mind that this is not a resort like Hilton Hawaiian Village. The hotel don't have garden, pool etc, but apart from that it's a bargain. New clean rooms.Would recommend this to those who don't want to stay in a resort. You don't have to do live in a resort on Waikiki. It's so close to the beach and there is som much to do i Waikiki so get out of the hotel and experience HAwaii.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>NewYorkCityGriff
<Content>Not deserving of the hype Expected far more, based on prior reviews, but the hotel does not live up to TripAdvisor reviews or their own hype. This is not a #1 hotel. While the decor is interesting, the room was not practical for a couple staying for 5 days. The bathroom is so dark I never saw my face during the entire stay. There is inadequate storage space in the bathroom - just a few narrow shelves, open on either side, so your toiletries can easily fall into the commode. There is a small closet, mostly occupied by a set of shelves, and a safe which is not secured to anything. There is loose wiring under the sink. While it is a nice idea to have a computer in every room, the internet connection is so slow as to be nonfunctional. There is a nice workspace area, and the bed is fabulous. The breakfast area is small, and you will sit cheek to jowl with other diners. While the hotel advertises beverage service and snacks throughout the day, we saw no evidence of that. The front desk could not print out anything for me, and were not forthcoming with information or assistance. I really expect far more service from a hotel rated #1, and I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>Dr1975
<Content>Excels at "guest experience" If a quiet, subdued hotel experience is more your style, Hotel Renew is your choice. In comparison to its company and to the brashness of Waikiki generally, Hotel Renew is a welcome oasis. Rooms are elegantly decorated. Hotel is well situated. The staff is oriented to providing excellent guest services; no request was too great. The continental breakfast was carb-heavy and could have had some fruit (they did have pineapple juice, however), but I appreciate their gesture of providing a complimentary breakfast for guests at all. On Thursday nights, the manager hosted an intimate open bar with pupus. These gestures, plus many other little touches (fresh flowers in room, chocolates on pillows, Leonore's personalized service) sets Hotel Renew apart from other hotels, particularly the large chains.We were so relieved with our choice to stay at Hotel Renew.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OnTourAussies
<Content>Wonderful Place to Stay Hotel Renew is a wonderful place to stay. We stayed there in late May and the location is excellent in Waikiki.The newly refurbished rooms are excellent and they are quite spacious. The views from up high (9th floor) are great of the ocean but no balcony unfortunately.The staff are very friendly and can't do enough to help you. In fact it is the best service at a hotel I have ever received anywhere around the world.The now famous Lenor is just lovely and after a mishap with our flights she even drove us to the airport. She is so friendly and welcoming and they even had welcome drinks for guests on the Thursday night. Many thanks Lenor.You cannot go wrong with the Hotel Renew.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iJustHateFlying
<Content>Best hotel of my trip I stayed at three hotels during a conference on the Big Island and a vacation in Honolulu. My Big Island hotels were very nice, but always dinging me for things like internet access and phone calls and parking spaces. We headed to Oahu and arrived at the Renew. Now, it's not a very large hotel in terms of number of rooms. But the rooms themselves were amazing. Intelligent lighting controls, internet access in the form of free wifi and also an in-room PC hooked up to the room's LCD TV. Stylish and modern room decor, great washroom and shower head, super-comfy bedding, all of this was lovely and as advertised on their site. What doesn't come across on their site is just how above and beyond the staff will go to make your trip a good one. The hotel is a one-minute walk from Waikiki Beach (literally at the end of the block), and if the staff sees you heading out with your swim trunks, they'll make sure you have towels, chairs, umbrellas if it rains, anything. Always friendly, always helpful, always there when you need them.  We also had the occasion to meet Leonor Wong during our stay and she was absolutely fantastic. From making sure we weren't stranded our last evening in town (we booked a flight that was late evening and she made sure we were able to secure a late checkout), to booking a shuttle, to making sure we weren't waiting for it by ourselves. Even just for the breakfast-table conversation. This is no ordinary hotel. This is the kind of treatment you can only hope for, delivered. If I am back in Honolulu, I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>BLMWestVirginia
<Content>Wonderful Stay at Hotel Renew Hotel Renew was a great place to stay because of the people who work there. They really did everything possible to make our stay perfect. We were welcomed at check-in with cold pineapple juice and cool towels, very nice after a long flight from the mainland. We made some special requests during our stay and our needs were always taken care of in a friendly manner. The continental breakfast is nice: good pastries, fruit and beverages. Staying at this hotel made our first visit to Waikki wonderful.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EDSTraveler
<Content>Amazing Experience       Beach  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>anderkmaf
<Content>Service defines Hotel Renew Like preceding reviews my wife and I had a fantastic stay. Service is what sets this hotel apart. From remembering your name to friendly smiles the staff is wonderful. Leonor (executive housekeeper) is the hotels matriarch. If it was cold outside (not likely in Hawaii) she would make sure you have your mittens. Any request or concern is dealt with rapidly and happily. From front door staff to the maid everyone was pleaseant and professional. The aloha spirit is abundant. The manager Terry helped us with special requests for rooms after booking through an online agency and we couldn't have been more impressed with the accommodations and amenities. The hotel's exterior is non-descript among the concrete jungle of Waikiki, but the interior is modern and clean. With its proximity to mega-hotels you can catch shuttles to tours and activities within a half-block or less. Resturants in the area are plentiful as well. We loved the oceanarium buffet, the food and view (3 story aquarium) were excellent. We were very pleased with Hotel Renew and plan to return in the future. This hotel is a find and hopefully will stay this way.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lgstlv
<Content>Good hotel for a honeymoon My wife and I stayed at Hotel Renew for a week. The room was very clean and attractively arranged. The staff was friendly and helpful and went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable, especially Ms. Leonor Wong, the executive housekeeper, who arranged for a special present on hearing that we were newly wed. It was very easy to obtain a very late checkout time extension (a great plus for the traveller flying out at night and spending the last day on the beach). Beach towers and mats were lent to us daily free of charge. A minor drawback is that the valet parking arrangement can make retrieving one's car rather slow if the fellow needs to move other cars to clear the way.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SuggieSuge
<Content>Amazing, Amazing, Amazing!!! As a seasoned business and pleasure traveler my experience at the Hotel Renew was nothing less than fantastic. The customer service and management was better than most 5 star hotels I've stayed in. The kindness and gratitude of the staff was unsurpassed and the rooms are equal to any W Hotel at half the cost. To be honest I'd rather not write this review and keep this gem of hotel and it's wonderful staff to myself!! SA  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DAR5683
<Content>Exquisite Experience We stayed at the Aqua Renew Hotel just 1/2 block from the ocean with a huge window view of the ocean and a patio overlooking the Diamond Head Crater and the ocean for 5 days.The hotel is absolutely beautiful. The staff was extremely efficient and took such good care of us while we were there we will definately not consider one of the bigger hotels where there are 100+ rooms and you become a number. The Renew is very classy, but they make you feel like family. The rooom was absolutely beautiful. The view was exceptional. And all of this for a fraction of what you would pay for one of the larger hotels that treat you like a 'tourist'.This hotel is very quaint. We were treated like royalty. 'Every' member of the staff made it their business to ensure we had everything we wanted and needed.I commend all of you for your exceptional service. The Renew will always be considered our home away from home.Special thanks to Leonor for making our stay a beautiful, loving, unconditional experience. Everyone else from the Bell Men to the Front Desk staff all the way up to the Manager were just great and will always have a special place in our hearts. We will miss you all.If you want to get away and want a quiet, friendly place that is affordable and 'home like', the Hotel Renew is your place to be.We will see you soon!!!David and Robert.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yorks_nameless
<Content>Great Hotel After reading several reviews of hotels in Waikiki we decided to stay at the Hotel Renew.In short we would agree with all of the previous reviews for this hotel. We had a room on the 7th floor with a fabulous ocean view, the only downside is that you also overlook the Outrigger Waikiki. From checking in to checking out the staff at the hotel went out of their way to make our stay as pleasant as possible. Chilled juice and wet towel on check in, champagne in the room (we were celebrating our honeymoon). We were upgraded to a Premier room which we were delighted about. One unexpected bonus was the free newspapers in the morning and complimentary continental breakfast, coffee/tea/juice and pastries/muffins were more than enough for us. Leonor Wong, the executive housekeeper, was on hand in the morning to ensure everything was running smoothly and help advise on any queries. We had an early check out on the day we were leaving and the hotel provided us with fruit and some chocolates on our departure since we would miss breakfast. The hotel itself is an oasis of calm after the hustle and bustle that is Waikiki. The lobby is styled in a very modern way and was getting new front doors whilst we were there. The rooms are all very comfortable with modern lighting, flat screen tv etc and are wonderful having just been refurbished. There is no restaurant but you have the pick of the Waikiki hotels all within easy walking distance. Of the ones we ate in the Moana Surfrider was our favourite. The location of the hotel is at the south end of Waikiki, one block back from the beach. There is an ABC store next to the hotel entrance, bus stop around the corner.We used the bus to visit Pearl Harbour and the USS Amazon memorial, this is easy to do and is only a single bus ride but be prepared for a long journey. We also rented a car for the day to explore the rest of the island - Dole plantation, the Polynesian Cultural Centre and North Shore are worth visiting.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zander75
<Content>Pre-Honeymoon Bliss       View from 906  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelgirlee
<Content>Felt at home in Paradise My boyfriend  I just got back from an amazing stay at the Hotel Renew. We stayed for 7 nights, 8 days. This was actually our 2nd time back. We first stayed here in Sept 2008, before the hotel was completely rennovated and still fell in love with it. We knew after our first stay that we would come back  stay here. Upon arrival we were greeted with fresh cold pineapple juice  cold towels to cool down as we checked in. That was very thoughtful. I immediately noticed how beautiful the rennovations turned out. It is very modern. Our room was absolutely beautiful. Flat Panel TV, beautiful decor, and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. It was very clean too. Everything looked brand new. Gorgeous. The next morning, we had the pleasure of meeting Leonor. We were on our way out to the beach. She took the time to introduce herself to us  ask what we were up to. She then gave us some fresh blueberry muffins for the road, awesome! Every night when we would come back to the Hotel we felt as if it were home. The whole staff was excellent, they always greeted us with a smile  took great care of us. I kept telling my boyfriend that there was no other place I'd rather stay. I liked the feel of the hotel. Not a overly huge hotel where you get lost in the crowd, you actually get to know people here. The location is perfect for my taste, close to everything but not in a spot where it's too noisy and busy to relax. The beach is so close too. A minute walk if that. As soon as you walk out you see the beach about a super short block away. When we would hang out in Waikiki there was no need for a car, we would just walk. The International Market Place was just a few blocks away. That area was pretty much the heart of Waikiki. Plus, its so nice to experience the nightlife in Waikiki as you take a short stroll. Leonor went out of her way to make our stay a special experience. Some days we would come back to fresh fruit, flowers, and one night we came back to a bottle of champagne. When we would run into her in the morning on our way out she would always make sure we took a snack. Upon leaving she gave us chocolates  fresh bananas. She made us feel so special  appreciated. She is such a great person and very genuine. By the last day I was calling her auntie Leonor. The whole staff was so nice, they all exceeded our expectations, the bell stand, the front desk, Tina, Terry, and Leonor, basically the whole staff. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone. The combination of a beautiful hotel, comfort, location, price and superior customer service makes this is a #1 pick for me. Thank you Leonor  all of the Hotel Renew staff for making this a memorable stay, we truly felt at home in Paradise.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>omisamoyed
<Content>I Definitely Recommend! This hotel is a real gem. The other reviews capture it all. It's an oasis of calm in the hype of Waikiki. It's up at one end of Waikiki but you can easily walk to everything. Beach is one block across the street. Leonor helped make our stay extra interesting and special. Terry also gave us a lot of insight about the concept of the hotel itself.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travellerzh
<Content>Loved the Hotel Renew We just came back from 8 nights stay in Honolulu at the Hotel Renew.My husband I appreciate quietness and like bed and breakfast environment where you can feel personal touch.Leonor (the Executive Housekeeper at Hotel Renew) is amazing 鈥?almost every morning she hosted continental breakfast. She put extra effort to please everybody.For example, she brought avocadoes from her own garden to the reception area! Fresh fruits were available around the clock.There was reception on Thursday where we met manager Terry and his personal. It was nice and cozy atmosphere with champagne, wine and food. The front desk personal was also very helpful, towels, snorkeling gear were available at no cost. The most important is that the beach conveniently located only half a block from the hotel. The hotel has modern look with relaxing melody in the lobby.The rooms are slick and modern also, very clean and new in appearance.We had in our room projected TV on the wall. It was a feel like being in theater.Wireless connection to the internet was fast (54mbps) and without interruption.  Usually we have an issue sleeping in hotels but this time it was exception.The bed had down mattress and pillows were also very comfortable.This time we celebrated our 36th anniversary, and we were touched when we saw in our room bottle of Champaign, candy and flower arrangement.We had a great time jogging every morning in the near located park area.We could not find any negative just only a suggestion for continental breakfast arrangement. It would be nice to have plain yogurt and plain bagels. We are looking forward to spend more time in Waikiki next year and definitely will stay at the Hotel Renew!Alex  Olga,6/04/08, San Jose, CA  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BillWisconsin
<Content>Wonderful From the moment we arrived until the time we left, everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcome. We would recommend this hotel to everyone. Everyone is so friendly.The hotel is located just one block away from the beach, so you have the best of both words, beach and fun, quite and private. Wonderful for couples.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>falvor
<Content>Lovely Place to Stay Our experience at Hotel Renew is pretty much on par with what everyone else has said about this place. The service is great. Very attentive staff, always smiling, and eager to help. The new design is very attractive. The lobby is modern and cozy. There are some minor work to be done through out the place, but it won't hinder your stay whatsoever.Location is close to pretty much everything. A few steps from the beach and starbucks. ABC just down stairs and everything else within easy walking distance. The rooms are quite nice also. Comfortable bed and decent view (we stayed in an ocean view room). The patio is off to the side facing the back streets and other hotels, but can still get a glimpse of the beach and ocean. The free Wifi is great. However, the TV reception is soso and the netflix movies or the internet features from the in-room entertainment system didn't work at all. The Internet works from my laptop but not through their computer system. Probably still working out the bugs. Overall, I would highly recommend this place to everyone and will not hesitate to return when we get a chance to visit Oahu again!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jprasad82
<Content>One of the best I have ever stayed at What can I say that hasn't been said? After reading the reviews I came to the hotel with a tad high expectations and after leaving I was ready to book my next stay--here are some high level pointsPositives-Cleaning service was amazing when clothes were left out most of the time they were folded upon return-Free WiFi -City Deluxe with king was fairly big compared to other rooms I have stayed at-Property was very quiet which is nice and yet it's literally three minutes from the beach-ABC store is right next door-Late checkout we didn't leave until 7pm no hassle at all to do this-Managers Reception one nite and wine tasting the next all complimentary and very intimiate as hotel staff made you feel welcomed-Very informative staff and willing to go out of way very genuine Negatives-Valet Parking we rented a car and was in and out of the hotel 2-3 times a day. I would have rather just parked my rental myself but not too big of deal and valet staff were very niceAll in all for the type of service, amenties, location and the amount of money you pay there is no other comparision in Hawai'i  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pak8
<Content>A kind and gracious hotel My brother and I had to go to Hawaii to inter my mother's ashes with my father's in the Punchbowl. This was definitely not a pleasure trip. I chose Hotel Renew after reading TripAdvisor and it was the perfect choice! The property is just as attractive as portrayed and the sense of calm and peace mid all the craziness that can be Honolulu was golden! The staff more than live up to their reputation for kindness to and care of their guests, Robert and Jay in particular. They were very sensitive to our circumstances and went out of their way constantly to make sure we had everything we needed. I look forward to returning for a vacation visit.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reis08
<Content>Nice, central and cosy       hotels waikiki seen from the top of diamond head  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DrNickRiviera76
<Content>The Best Service We've EVER Received!       Juice / coffee in the lounge.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mebar
<Content>Hotel Renew was great My husband and I stayed at Hotel Renew based upon the reviews on Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed in any way, shape, or form. We stayed in a deluxe ocean view room, and it was exactly as I expected if not bigger and better. Our bathroom was really big (I heard one of the biggest in the hotel), and the view of the beach was spectacular. I have stayed at hotels that promise an ocean view, and arrive to find that I can see the ocean out of the corner of the window if I squint, but this is not the case with Hotel Renew. While there isn't a balcony, the view is amazing just the same. The staff are also really friendly and helpful. It is within walking distance of lots of great spots on Waikiki. If you are looking for a place to pamper you (chocolates on the pillow and everything), this is it!  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bmarcus
<Content>Great hotel in Waikiki Hotel Renew is a relaxing sanctuary in the midst of busy Waikiki. Waikiki is not my favorite place to stay on Oahu, but when we were in town for a quick two-day stay, it made sense to stay conveniently located to favorite restaurants. The hotel has recently been renovated and although there were some renovations happening on the floor we were staying on, it didn't bother us too much as we are renovating at home ourselves. Others may be more sensitive too this. On the plus side, however, the room we were in was essentially new. I like that the hotel seems eco-friendly and had great amenities, including the option to watch netflix movies for free if you were already a member as well as free wifi! The staff was extremely friendly and I like the location at the far end of the Waikiki strip, a bit away from the busiest sections and very close to beautiful Kapiolani park. The hotel does offer a breakfast, but it was minimal and not anything too special. However, other amenities including providing guests with beach umbrellas and mats and free wi fi made up for the breakfast, which we weren't even expecting in the first place. Overall, if you can't afford the more expensive historic hotels on Waikiki like Moana Surfrider and Halekulani but still want a high-level of service with extra amenities, I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dianic
<Content>We Loved It - 5 stars       Complimentary Fresh Fruit  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>WESEA
<Content>Wonderful customer service! My husband and I stayed here two nights on our way to Kauai where we spent a week. The hotel was a short trip from the airport and right by the beach. The staff was wonderful. We would definitely stay here again. It makes the perfect way point.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ultimateislandhopper
<Content>Home away from Home but better!       Fountain in Lobby  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>rtsai2000
<Content>Loved it       View of small desk area.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mr_Redram
<Content>Just as we had hoped for....       Hotel Renew  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DandD55
<Content>Can't agree more.... Everything the reviews say is true!! A charming, modern hotel with friendly staff and great location. It made our first vacation to Hawaii a pure pleasure. We arrived quite early to check in and we were advised that our room was not yet available - we had expected this. We were offered some breakfast on our arrival and advised that they would call our cell phone when the room was ready. While we wandered around Waikiki, the hotel staff were amazingly quick and we were called on our cell and in our room before lunchtime. This was really appreciated after a long international flight. We were at the hotel for 7 nights and it was some of the extra touches that were the icing on the cake. This included in-room internet access, the daily delivery of fruit to the room and a chocolate on the bed after a long day out. We could not recommend this place more highly.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>klknut
<Content>Would definitely stay here again! My husband and I absolutely loved this hotel. I picked it based on tripadvisor reviews and was very pleased. Our room was beautiful with a gorgeous view of the ocean (we were on the 7th floor). The beach was only a half a block away from the hotel. When we asked at the front desk where to rent a boogy board, they gave us one to use. They also provide towels and beach chairs. The most impressive aspect to me was the staff. Every single person was very nice and went out of their way to help us with restaurant recommendations, directions and the aforementioned beach supplies. If I am lucky enough to go back to Oahu, I will definitely stay here again. Thanks to Leonor, Grace, Jay, Robert and everyone!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gpmansf
<Content>Exceeded My Expectations! We arrived 5/08/08. As soon as we got to the front desk, we were welcomed with cool towels and Lava Flows. Lennor was there to greet us (as I had read in other reviews). She is a treasure and went out of her way to make us feel welcomed and comfortable the entire stay. The lobby rennovation was complete, and had a very nice boutique and upscale feel. The room was decent sized with comfortable beds. The bathroom was well thought out - plenty of shelves and drawers to store items. We had the renew experience room, which had an 80 projection tv. It was a bit difficult to figure out at first, but once we did, it was like having a home theater to watch in bed. Each day the hotel gave us beach towels and mats for the short walk to the beach. The location is also in the quieter part of Waikiki, and the beach and park are only a block away. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nabbers1980
<Content>Not a detail overlooked! To sum this review in one word it would have to be personalizedWe stayed at hotel renew from April 26-May3. My wife and I have stayed at several other hotels in Hawaii, and this by far exceeds them all in value and service. What makes this hotel so great is the staff. Leonore Wong and staff makes this hotel what it is. The rooms are nice and newly renovated, quite modern with an asian theme but are not the reason we would come to this hotel again. What made our stay so special was the extras you wouldn't expect. Champagne in our room one day, chocolates and flowers on other days. Every morning Leonore was working she would meet you at the complimetary continental breakfast and make sure you're happy and every small detail taken care of. On our second last day she asked us when we would be leaving and we said our flight leaves late the following night. We hadn't even asked for a late checkout, although we were planning on it, and the next morning she told us everything was taken care of....we could have our room until 7pm when we left. I understand this sometimes cannot be done, especially in high season when all the rooms are booked, but it is a perfect example of the hotel going out of their way to ensure you are happy....which we were! We will go back for sure.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AngAug
<Content>Best Staff Ever Encountered! We stayed for a week at Hotel Renew, booking this hotel because of all the positive reviews we read on tripadvisor. Having said this, we expected nothing but the absolute best... and we were not disappointed at all! The room was wonderful - king-sized bed, down mattress cover, down pillows, a well-functioning A/C, flat-screen TV... and the creme de la creme being the FREE internet viewed via the TV screen as a monitor. Call me silly, but one of my favourite touches in the room were the light controls next to both sides of the bed that controlled every light in the room - including the washroom. By the way, the washrooms were spotless and the room super clean. In fact, if you go on their website, that's exactly how the room looks. The lobby was beautifully 'zen' and spotless. The complimentary breakfast was a great touch too - fresh pastries, kona coffee, pinapple/orange juice, fruit and if you're lucky wonderful hotel manager, Leonor Wong, will walk around with a basket of hard boiled eggs, granola bars, or other breakfast-y items and orchids. Saving the best for last, I'd like to thank thank thank Leonor and her staff including Robert, Angie, Sheika, Jay, and everyone. They were all SUPER friendly, with smiles every time we saw them. When we inquired where to rent boogie boards for the beach, they went and got us a pair - no charge. When we wanted to watch movies in our room (but couldn't register for netflix, being Canadian), Robert came to our room and signed into his personal account for us, when we said that our plane leaves at 10pm, Leonor said that we could stay in our room until then, foregoing the usual 11am check-out. I could go on and on but I think those examples shows the dedication of the staff at Hotel Renew to their guests. For that, thank you!The only only thing missing may have been a pool and a gym, but it honestly didn't bother me that much. Our days were packed as it was. I'm really not one to write online reivews, but this one deserves it. So thank you Hotel Renew, for making our stay in Oahu one to remember!- Angie  August (Vancouver, Canada)p.s. for those coming to Oahu, rent a car and drive east along the coast to the North Shore. Stop at any and all stops you see - it's so worth it!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ustw0
<Content>Fantastic stay at a fantastic hotel A perfect boutique hotel, with every luxury needed for a perfect Waikiki holiday. At the best end of Waikiki beach near the park and located less then 100 metres from the beach, the bus stop and the ABC store. The hotel is now finished to the highest standards.Even with all the luxury fixtures and fittings it is really the staff that complete this hotel, they are so friendly and willing to help. Every request is met over and beyond expectations. Leonor is the most perfect host we have ever met, nothing is too much trouble.The breakfast is very good with fresh fruit, pastries, eggs and dairy products.It is in a very safe area even late at night, the surrounding hotels have open air bars where you can sit with a drink and watch the sun go down.Many people have mentioned the lack of pool, we walked to some of the surrounding hotels which are much more expensive to see their pools and they were all tiny and not suitable for swimming in, far better to use the ocean, which is warm and clear.One tip, use the local buses to travel around, don't pay 25 dollars for a tour bus to Pearl Harbour when you can do it for 4 dollars on the local bus, etc. etc.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fairamerican
<Content>Customer Service is amazing! When it comes right down to it, the Renew is a great place to stay because of the attitude of the staff who take customer service very seriously and did everything that they could to make my one week stay comfortable. The Renew still needs to renew their air conditioner units which are aging and a little week. On the whole, a great place to stay. Such a nice alternative to places like the Hilton.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>word31
<Content>5 Star service, 5 Star Location - Hotel Renew Derrick - UtahMay 5, 2008 I can't begin to say how much our expectations were exceeded at Hotel Renew. My wife and I have been to Honolulu 6 times previous to this stay and we felt that Hotel Renew made this the best stay yet! The Staff was more than willing to accomodate any need we had, along with making sure we were always comfortable.The wireless internet worked great! I had to get some work done from our room (I know, I'm not supposed to be working on vacation) and I was surprised that the internet connections was so fast. Our Kingsize bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. If we hadn't been in Hawaii, we would have literally stayed in that bed all day. Another great perk was that we were able to keep our bags in our room on our last day until we left at 6:00 p.m. Our checkout was supposed to be at 12:00, but we were offered to stay until later so that we could come and rest for a little bit before our flight. The beach was no more than 100-200 feet away from the front door of the hotel, which made the location very convenient for us. Overall, we can't begin to say how impressed we were with our stay. My wife and I both decided that this was our best trip to Honolulu so far simply because of the great experience we had at Hotel Renew. You can definitely plan on us coming again and staying at this wonderful Hotel.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dlpcanada
<Content>Charm Of Hawaii! We stayed in this hotel for our first time in Honolulu and were lucky enough to get in after the construction was completed- and the hotel blessing/ grand opening was beginning!The housekeeping staff/ front desk  all others were so helpful and friendly! We never had anything to worry about as our needs were always being met.I recommend the extra for a beach view, as it is unparalleled in the area.Enjoy your stay!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cecilju
<Content>Fantastic experience! We just returned from our honeymoon to Hawaii and had the most wonderful time at the Hotel Renew. The name is quite appropriate as the entire hotel has recently been beautifully renovated. In fact, the lobby had just been completed prior to our stay. The lobby's design sets the tone for what you will expect as a guest--calm, relaxation and renewal.Our room was clean, modern and very comfortable. With just the right touches. We happened to have a small deck and a view of the ocean from our room. The bed was comfortable and fluffy. The staff made us feel like part of the family - in fact, we were lucky enough to be invited to join the staff and owners during the traditional Hawaiian blessing of the hotel. Leonor, Richard and the rest of the staff made us feel welcome and were so helpful and accommodating.We took advantage of the continental breakfast each morning as a refreshing start to our day. While the hotel does not have room service or a spa in the facility, we really didn't miss it. Their sister hotels a few blocks away have spa facilities, and frankly we wanted to explore as it was our first trip to Hawaii. The location is perfect--close to Waikiki Beach (1/2 block), yet far enough from the noise and traffic. Plenty of convenience stores, shopping and restaurants within walking distance.Our honeymoon was picture-perfect thanks to the lovely people at the Hotel Renew. We're looking forward to celebrating our anniversary there next year.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WashDCMan
<Content>Exquisite and Intimate, With Spectacular Service       Hotel Renew is a block from the beach and next door to a souvenir shop/grocery store.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SusanM2004
<Content>The lobby is finished and looks great! After reading many reviews that mentioned the state of the lobby (under construction), it was nice to arrive and see the lobby completed....a very nice first impression, with stylish, warm decor. We stayed for 2 nights in mid-April ... the hotel is in a good location, rooms are very nicely decorated (boutique style), very comfortable bed, flat screen TV with internet, and a nice bathroom, all new except for the tub which I don't think was replaced, although I might be wrong on that? The room was fairly compact, but with a king size bed, chair, ottoman, desk and closet, there was enough room and comfort for the two of us. They've done a nice job on the reno!Our room was on the 3rd floor, so no view, but there was a lanai. We would stay here again, but would upgrade to a higher floor, with a view. We didn't get to meet Lenor, but Terry was very helpful, as were all of the staff that we talked to.We missed breakfast (7:30-9:30) because we were out early each day ... still adjusting to the time change and wanting to get an early start at Pearl Harbor on the first day and Diamond Head on the second day. Enjoyed the apples in the room each day though and chocolates on the bed. It's very convenient to Waikiki beach (1 block) and a parking garage in the opposite direction (a few minutes walk) where parking is $8./day. We stayed in Waikiki because we felt it was something we had to do once, but were so impressed by it (beautiful beach...along with walkways, gardens, ponds, benches, etc. that stretch the whole length of the beach) that we would stay again on a return visit to Hawaii. It's busy, but fun and interesting. Most of this trip was spent in Kauai, but we would like to explore more on Oahu and look forward to a return visit to both Waikiki and Hotel Renew.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>handwerpen
<Content>Pleasant, serene hotel - very friendly service I stayed at Hotel Renew a few weeks ago when it was still undergoing construction in its lobby. While this meant that I had to check in on their second floor in a converted bedroom, the total experience was still top notch. The staff was friendly and accommodating and the room was beautiful.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>agbut
<Content>the best service i have ever recieved have just returned from a week's holiday in Waikiki. This is our 2nd visit to Waikiki, so we had a fair idea of what to expect. We weren't too sure of the location of the hotel, only to find that it was located right next door to the same hotel that we had stayed at last time, that cost $400 a night but the servise was not as good as hotel renew, Met the famous Leonor, who was extremely friendly and very helpful. The rooms were nicely decorated and had a very modern feel. The lobby was completed just before we left and looks very impressive. Thanks again Leonor for all of your assistance. .Mr Butcher room 606  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missy20
<Content>Loved Hotel Renew We arrived early in the morning. Althought the lobby was not finished, it did not cause us any problems. Our rooms were not ready, as it was only 9am, but Leonor showed us to a room where we stored our bags, and we could change and have a shower if we wanted. When we arrived back at the hotel later, our rooms were ready and our bags already in the rooms. My sister and I had a room with 2 double beds, and our parents had a room with a king bed. We found the rooms beautifuly decorated, and VERY clean! We found the rooms big, we had a lot of bags so this was great. We had oceanfront rooms, and the views were beautiful! Beds were very soft and comfortable, and were new ( I pulled some of the sheets up to find new, very clean matresses!). The bathrooms were a goog size as well. The shelves next to the sink were very handy to store all our makeup hair products, hairdryers, and straightners. The shower also had a sliding glass door, so much better than those plastic shower curtains that other hotels use. A good size closet which also had a safe in it, which was free to use. On our first night we were treated to a fresh fruit basket and a box of chocolates and a note from Leonor welcomeing us in each of our rooms. House keeping did a great job and always left a fresh flower and a chocolate on each of our beds every day. Another night we arrived back to our rooms to find that Leonor had left a bottle of champagne in each room. On our last night we found a bag full of freah muffins and juices in each of our rooms, as we were being picked up to go to the airport at 5am. Another nice touch from Leonor as she didn't think that she would be in that morning. But as we were packing our bags into the car Leonor pulled up to say goodbye to us and give us a lei each, which she had pearsonly made! Leonor is fantastic and did so much to make our stay more comfortable! They need to pay her more! The free breakfast was a nice touch, and although is mostly muffins, bread ( theres a toaster), fruit, juice, tea and coffee, it was always good, and its free so you cant complain! They also give you everything you could need for the beach, like beach towels, beach mats, etc! We hired a mini cooper convertable from the Little Hawaii Car Rental which was great. They drop the car off to you and pich it up, which was so handy. Although there isnt a car park at the hotel there is a carpark around the corner which was only $8 for 24hrs. My sister and dad did a shark dive with Hawaii Shark Encounters which they loved and said that the company was very good and they felt very safe in the cage! To get to and from the airport we used a company called Airport island shuttles which we booked from home. Once we had claimed our bags we called the company and the told us where to wait, and the driver who was already waiting at the airport, met us there two minutes later. We were the only people in the van and it only cost $40 US for all 4 of us. There were some great restaurants near the hotel, cheeseburger in paradise was great! Theres an ABC store on every corner, which has everything you could need. We loved our stay at hotel renew, and cant wait to come back and stay again!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>desihamm21
<Content>Great Hotel for Couples Just returned from a week in Waikiki. This hotel is great for couples. The rooms were nicely decorated, very modern and clean. We did not find the ipod hook up and we had a few problems getting on line. It was fixed however and we were offered to use a computer in the hotel if we needed to. The beach is just a block away and you are within walking distance of everything.(food,shopping,night life) We were greeted with chocolates in the room, a great big hug from the manager Lenor and to our surprise a bottle of champagne, chilled and ready to go on our 4th night there. Customer Service is top notch.You will have to book your tours directly but allow them to schedule your ride back to the airport. It's much cheaper than the going rates of taxi. The hotel is also located right off the the city bus line which is a great option for sight seeing. We took the bus from the beach and to a few other local places and it was only $2 per person to ride it. Upon leaving, they were just finishing the lobby renovation and it looked fantastic! Very Chic and Modern.This is a great hotel and we do plan to stay again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>HapaMax
<Content>Great location and staff I stayed at the Hotel Renew during March 2008. I was very impressed with the hotel: my room was very comfortable, quiet and tastefully decorated; and the location was fantastic - one short block from the beach yet away from the crowds and close to shopping and restaurants. The best part of my stay was the staff, overseen by Terry and Leonor, who were incredibly accommodating and knowledgeable about everything Oahu has to offer.A daily continental breakfast was offered during my stay, which I had not expected. This was much appreciated.There were a few minor drawbacks: the hotel has no amenities (such as a restaurant or fitness centre), the lobby was under renovation, and there is no on-site parking. However, there are lots of restaurants close by and who needs a gym when you can swim in the ocean? There is also a reasonably-priced parking lot close by.Overall, this was one of my best hotel experiences ever and I hope to have the opportunity to stay at the Hotel Renew again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>commortis
<Content>Fabulous Find       Hotel Renew Entrance  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rapanui52
<Content>Hotel that speaks it name Our family, my wife, teenage son, and I, had a memorable time in Waikiki earlier this month. A big part of that occasion was due to the inimitable hospitality we found at the Acqua Hotel Renew. Leonor, the hotel mgr and her wonderful hip supporting staff greeted us each day at brunch; when they learned that we wanted to go boogey boarding, sightseeing or X, they were more than helpful- maps, even a four day loan of a board and beach chair. What really drove home the point of their excellent service was the turned down all cotton sheets with orchid flowers and chocolate on the pillows and a celebratory bottle of Korbel for my beautiful wife's big birthday. Weve been all over the globe and this hotel with it's proximity to the Waikiki, cleanliness, and accent of friendly  hospitable service is second to none. Leonor and her staff gets it. We're already planning our next trip and plan to stay at the Renew.Greg, Gini, and Gabriel Gomez  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sksmith1881
<Content>How could ANYONE be disappointed?? WE LOVED IT!!! My boyfriend and I were thrilled with Hotel Renew-and I'm especially picky about hotels. We were also there during the renovations, but it was hardly an imposition. The staff was extremely accomodating and friendly. The rooms are beautifully decorated and the beds are so comfortable we hardly ever wanted to leave our room! The hotel is a stone's throw from the beach, but it feels secluded and cozy. Very quiet, very beautiful, a dream boutique hotel. If you like huge resorts with a lot of fluff that feels impersonal, then the Hilton is certainly a good choice over the relaxing, upscale feel of Hotel Renew.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pupfishVT
<Content>Tasteful, friendly, well-located small hotel This well-managed hotel is currently being renovated - a sore point of some reviews - but once completed the hotel will be very attractive, with rooms and lobby area tastefully furnished and decorated with a modern Japanese look. The staff is quite friendly; indeed, room manager Lenore is an asset who made me feel at home. Gifts of bottled water, speciality jam, chocolates, champaign, etc were generously offered, as was a seven hour extension beyond the noon checkout (which I gratefully accepted since my departure flight was at night). I highly recommend this personalized, small hotel - especially if current rates (which are quite reasonable for Waikiki) are maintained after the renovation is completed.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JMWill
<Content>Wow - excellent service! We loved our stay at Hotel Renew! Although the renovations of the lobby were still being completed, our every need was served by the staff!We had a beautiful room - complete with a very comfy king size bed with great linens! We were also provided with wireless internet in our room for our convenience as well!Lenore and the manager Terry accommodated my fiance and I with a late check out, as we were not departing until 7:30pm from the hotel.We can't say more about this place - great price and great location just 1/2 block from the main strip in Waikiki!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heather29
<Content>Great Place This hotel was really good. The beds are nice, comfy sheets. Great housekeeping. Large Flat screen tv. They also give you a fruit basket and some drinks which comes in handy. The only downfall really is the breakfast. They did not have anything but some pastries, fruit and bagels, ect. No hot food. It also was a tad overpriced i thought. Nearby hotels are just as good for alot less. But overall was great.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunsunlizliz
<Content>LOVE THIS HOTEL!!       fountain...neat eh?  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hawaiianbob
<Content>Oahu's Lil Oasis Alooooha ! This cozy-modern hotel located 1 big hotel away from Waikiki Beach is a little hard to find at first due to it's smaller number of floors and one-way streets in the city. Located directly across from the mega-sized Marriott, Hotel Renew is close to finishing the interior lobby renovations. Oahu is a busy city so don't be surprised by some bustling activity outside but our room was quiet and we weren't affected by any of the renovations or outside action. The staff were very pleasant and helpful with Leonor Wong a very outgoing and friendly Hawaiian ambassador ! The room had a very comfortable king bed and a ton of comfy pillows all very clean and the room was neat and tidy. The decor was asian elegance inspired with a crisp white with black accents with a very convenient lighting scheme and ambient controls. Chocolates and flowers were on our pillows every day and we were pleasantly surprised by champagne, fruit basket and chocolates as we celebrated our 6 month anniversary ! We usually were able to get a parking spot right behind the hotel but only 2 blocks away was an alt parking garage for $8/day (most large hotels in the area were charging $15-$20/day). After sightseeing and dealing with heavy traffic throughout Oahu, the room was an oasis for us which included a complementary computer system wired through the 36 HD TV mounted on the wall above the desk. A safe was included in the room which should have been mounted to the cabinetry and the A/C was noisy at times. Hotel Renew is a more private and cozy hotel than compared to the monster brands available and is located so very close to the beach and convenient ABC/Wolfgang Puck/Tiki Bar restaurants. Will definately love to return and see the results of the lobby renovations ! Thank you Leonor and everyone !  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>IrishDave
<Content>Disappointed We had booked this hotel 10 months ago based on reviews. This hotel was a total disappointment. We were aware that when we booked this hotel that there was going to be renovations late 2007 early 2008 but were assured that they would be complete when we arrived in mid March. We did contact the hotel 2 weeks before hand and were told that most of the rooms were complete and that the lobby may not be open by the time of our arrival but that the renovations would have little impact on our stay鈥?sorry to say on our 鈥渂rief鈥?stay, it did.We arrived at 3am in the morning having delayed flights from Auckland via Fiji, we were just ready for Bed. The taxi driver could barely find the hotel as it was not lit very well. There was no real entrance to this hotel but only a sign telling us to take the lift to the 2nd floor and go to room 202 I think, the reception was a room !!! in the hotel, not looking good at this stage !! but the staff were pleasant and checked us in without any fuss, well after all it was 3am !!!. We got to our room and our first impression was it was small but d茅cor was nice but bags were just left and straight to bed.Next morning we were awoken by the light in the room, one of the windows did not have curtains to block out the light, we did hope for even a small lie in.The room !!, We had booked a Premier Room on a higher floor with Ocean view. The room was nice but on the small side, the colours and d茅cor were indeed pleasing on the eye and the Ocean view was nice. In my opinion the lay out of the room was not good which resulted in the room feeling quite small, there was little room for luggage and very little storage space for cloths. There is a fancy lighting system in the room which as an electrician was a nice touch. The TV/Entertainment system is what they call state of the art !! but for some reason, is on the side wall to the bed which I feel is in the wrong place, we did not have time to use this so not fair to comment on it.The Bathroom !!. this was again on the small site, yet again, d茅cor was nice but storage space for toiletries etc was limited and was on an open shelf to the right of the sink ?? again, strange location.Breakfast !! The breakfast room was yet again a converted bedroom consisting of I think 3 small round tables with a few chairs, when we were there, there was no one else, not that it could hold many people. There were two toasters, bread, cereals some pastries and a bowl of fruit, it was not an ideal setting for a holiday in Honolulu.The Staff !!, the staff indeed were very friendly and when we went to them after our breakfast to tell them of how disappointed we were in how we found the hotel, they offered immediately to improve things for us, I suggested the only way that could happen was finding us another hotel, they got on the phone straight away (9am) and by 10am we were settled in a lovely Premier room with Ocean view in the Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio, which I will review over the coming days. We were charged the same rate for this room and also were not charged for our brief stay in the Hotel Renew.It may be unfair to review this hotel while the renovations were not complete and the fact that we only spent 6 hours in the hotel, but in my opinion, even if the Lobby etc is complete, I don鈥檛 think there is any comparison with this hotel and say the Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio which has everything a holiday maker could want. On our short stay in Hotel Renew, the hotel had, no reception, no lobby, no restaurant, no bar, no swimming pool. I know this is Waikiki Beach, but when out on the beech for the day or back from a tour, it is always nice to relax in the lobby or restaurant or bar but afraid Hotel Renew fell very short in all aspects.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>grushnik
<Content>Nice convenient hotel When we arrived at the hotel, things didn't look good. There was no lobby as the entire ground-floor was being renovated, parking was some distance away and the check-in and breakfast was in a small converted hotel room.However, the staff were excellent and attentive. The room was reasonable and was decently decorated. Our only complaint was the air-conditioning was old and whatever setting one used it was either Very cold or not working.The location was excellent and within 200m of Waikiki beach and the restaurants along it.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>mjwhite3
<Content>Beautiful, Comforatable and Relaxing I stayed at Hotel Renew from March 19 through March 28. Having been my fourth visit to Honolulu since December (I am sure you can all figure out why), I have had my share of experiences in and around the Waikiki area (from absolutely harrowing one night at the Hawaiiana; to the relaxing and comfortable at the Waikiki Parc). This stay has been one of the most pleasing!High Notes: +The room decor of course! This is one of the first hotels I have experienced where the photographs on their Website were on par with the actual experience.+The Staff! Leonor was an absolute pleasure to speak with and is as accommodating and lovely as other reviews have noted. Tina from housekeeping was great! She kept my room in tip top shape, provided us with fresh fruits and chocolates daily and was just a wonderfully sweet woman. I spoke with Grace on a daily basis (sorry for the trouble, Grace!). She was so wonderful as well and addressed my every concern and question. The three gentlemen working the 'lobby' made us feel welcome every time we entered, greeting with genuine smiles and pleasantries. There is not enough I can say here.+Location. Very close to the beach is a definite plus!If I can nit-pick on anything, it would NOT be on the lobby construction since it is sure to be finished soon and I can bet it will follow suit in terms of attractiveness and taste.-Windows do not open enough for me. I am not much of an A/C man, so I usually open windows. I guess there is a safety reason for this.-Be aware of a transient that likes to hang out near the Starbucks (he will ask for just a few cents every time). He can get a bit aggressive and hostile. But that is not the hotel's fault, just a reality of Waikiki.There is no reason I can recommend you stay elsewhere for the value you get at Hotel Renew. I seriously stand by that statement.Tips:-You are in jogging distance of Diamond head Crater. If you start early, you can probably make a run to the top before sunset (not for the faint hearted of course). I did a few days running around the crater as well as up.-There is plenty of free parking if you are willing to walk a little bit (as we all should to help enjoy the wonderful Hawaii weather!) The parking meters stop after 6:00pm and a quarter will buy you about 60 minutes at Kapioloni park. Monsarrat has plenty of non-metered parking as well (can be hit/miss on very nice days).Last, but not least:-Enjoy yourself and relax. I see far too many stressed out people vacationing in Hawaii. If things bother you, stop, breathe and look around at the paradise you are truly privileged to enjoy.Matthew White, Colorado (for now)  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Savvytraveler1
<Content>Disappointed! I agree with the previous poster who questioned why this is rated #1 in Honolulu. I knew that renovations were going on, but the overall experience was not great. We couldn't believe the drab grey hallways! It looked like a run-down prison. We had no alarm clock, or coffee maker in the room! When I asked for a clock I was told to simply call the front desk if I needed a wake-up call. I really just like to see what time it is if I wake up during the night. The continental breakfast was not worth going to....in a little tiny room with bad juice and muffins. And the tiny bathroom drove me crazy for 2 days with no counter space whatsoever.We only stayed for 2 nights, but I wouldn't stay here again if we go back to Honolulu. I'd rather pay more and stay at the Marriott next door. Note: After your stay they send you an email with a link to TripAdvisor asking if you would write a review - this must be the law of averages that if they get so many reviews and most are good they get the #1 spot. I don't see why this is rated #1 and it's one of the few times that TripAdvisor reviews steered me wrong.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>TravelGal2Anywhere
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised by Visit to Waikiki       Entry to Room 306  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lfh1015
<Content>Great Customer Service We chose this hotel based on earlier reviews. We were not dispointed at all. Yes, they are undergoing renovations. It appeared to me that they are close to finishing. They even had workers on Saturday. If you are looking for a huge room with mini bar, fridge, turn down service and things of that nature, this may not be the place for you. However, if you want a hotel that goes out of its way to make sure you a great stay, this is the place. This hotel goes the extra mile to ensure the guests needs are met. Within a few hours the staff knew my name and addressed me that way throughout our 3 day stay. With all the huge hotels with impersonal service in Hawaii, it was refreshing to stay at a hotel that tries and succeeds in getting the Customer Service back into the hotel industry.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>twelvenight
<Content>Loved the hospitality at Hotel Renew Visiting Waikiki after 10 years, I was a little hesitant because I knew that the area changed: more hotels, more people, and more stores, which would mean more noises. Not the Waikiki I remembered so long ago. I didn鈥檛 want to stay in a hotel with more than 10 floors and certainly not with more than 400 rooms, which most hotels were in those ranges. I also didn鈥檛 want to stay in a hotel that is several blocks away from the beach.That being said, I booked two double beds at Hotel Renew located on the 6th floor. Hotel Renew was the second hotel across from the beach. The one and only downside is that the lobby is still being renovated, though the workers were very nice and moved out of our way to let us pass. Other than that, our stay at Hotel Renew was surprisingly pleasant and took away my uncertainty. Our room was nice and roomy, though without the balcony, which we were okay with. We had ample drawers to put our clothes in. There was a safe deposit, which I tried to tip over and carried but couldn鈥檛 (too heavy). I had to test it before I can store my belongings to make sure that it wasn鈥檛 easily picked up. The bathroom was great 鈥?enough for two people. No leaks and shower pressure was perfect. We even used their shampoos, conditioners and soaps, which were great because we hadn鈥檛 brought ours. What is most important is the staff, especially Leonor, who made us feel right at home. When we first got to our room, there were two boxes of chocolates. and two guava drinks. Every day that our room was cleaned, there were little knickknacks left, such as flowers and candies. I believe that our stay would have still been pleasant even if we had not seen Leonor. The staff was helpful and made you feel welcome. One of the staff recommended Like Like Drive Inn for authentic Hawaiian food 鈥?spam and fried rice, which was great, and the other was Uncle Bo鈥檚, though we got lost and couldn鈥檛 find the place. I bet it would have been great. Another day, we asked one of the staff for directions to a rental car. She printed the directions and also requested a taxi. To our surprise, the taxi happened to be a limousine so we asked for the same driver (David) as well on our return to the airport. Since I didn鈥檛 see a computer to use, I asked the staff to print out the boarding pass for us, which she gladly did. With all the extra efforts that the staff made for us, it sure made up for the hotel still being renovated. Plus I believe Leonor added value to our stay. She made us feel welcome, remembering our names as if we've known each other for awhile, and willing to help as much as she could. On Easter Sunday, Leonor placed a fruit basket, box of chocolates, and champagne in our room. She even gave us papaya for our breakfast. The continental breakfast was just that 鈥渃ontinental鈥?with fruits and pastries. The staff was pleasant and made sure that coffee, tea, and pineapple juice (this is Hawaii, after all) were always filled. We rented a car for two days and parked the car at Waikiki Banyan for $8.00 a day. No other parking places cost so little. The other hotels charged more than $15.00 per day. Everyone walked while in Waikiki so two blocks was not a problem for us. Our experience at Hotel Renew was enjoyable and truly felt the Hawaiian presence: friendly and helpful. Though I am sure the rates will increase once the renovation is completed, we would be happy to visit Hotel Renew again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jdconn11
<Content>Fantastic Experience Staff: Staff was always friendly and helpful.We were celebrating our 35th and when Leonor found out she had champagne and chocolates sent to our room. Very thoughtful. We had an afternoon flight and she allowed us to check out late and arranged for a shuttle to the airport. Experience: Stayed for 4 nights. Loved the renovated rooms. Room lighting could be controlled with multiple dimmers enhancing the decor. We stayed on the 5th floor with a partial view of the beach and ocean. We had no trouble with street noise or the band from the hotel lounge down the street. Yes they are still undergoing renovations, but that is well documented in these reviews. Location: Only a half block from Waikiki. Walking distance to multiple restaurants and shopping. Likes: Location and staffDislikes: No lobby... but there will be one soon.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>athlete11
<Content>Fabulous Remodel! I stayed at the Hotel Renew in March and was amazed at how nice the remodeling turned out! The Lobby was not yet completed, but I am sure it will look just as amazing as the rooms! I loved the modern feel to the decor and the subltle touches of nature that were incorporated. The staff was very friendly, especially Leonor Wong. If you need anything or have any concerns, she is the person to go to. She made me feel very welcome and went out of her way to make sure I had everything I needed during my stay. The hotel is close to the beach. The only drawback was that the beach view rooms do not have a bacony, but the windows do open. Overall, it was a great place to stay and I would come back again and again!Simona, Los Angeles, CA  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>hawaiiangirl37
<Content>Not sure why this is supposed to be #1 in Honolulu?! After passing the hotel twice in the car to get here, (because the sign was so small and it wasn't obvious the place was a hotel), my husband went to park the car a block away as the hotel car park is not due to be completed for another couple of months, I went to check-in which was on the 2nd floor as there was no lobby due to renovations. I followed the dusty footprints to the room which was being used to check in guests. Our room was assigned to us and two rooms down from us were the builders, who worked from 8.30-5.30 Mon-Fri. It wasn't too much of a problem as we were out most of the day.The corridor was dark, hot and quite seedy looking and considering it's been refurbished, it's quite tacky and the carpet didn't go right up to the edges.The rooms are small, black and white with an Asian theme and have sliding Japanese style shutters on the windows. We also had a balcony with sliding blinds which did not take out all of the light and if you had the light on in your room and walked past these blinds the people in the hotel opposite could see your outline, (I know as we tried it), which was a bit off putting when you've just come out of the shower. The bathroom was tiny, no room for toiletries and the sliding glass shower door would leak at the side and across the floor, we actually thought it was the toilet leaking at first. There was a window in the bathroom with slatted glass which you could open, my husband said it reminded him of Alcatraz, but it was so badly finished, it looked like it had just been cemented in around the edges. The a/c unit was in a wooden box with open slats so you didn't get the full effect of the unit and at night when it kicked in it was really loud, especially as the bed was so close to the a/c unit.You cannot have a window open at night because there's a singer from the hotel next door who starts early in the morning around 7am and goes on all day til after 11pm. He drove me mad, the singing was awful, we wondered if it was a karaoke bar?! Even without the singing, there's all sorts of shouting going on during the night so don't come here if you want peace and quiet. There appeared to be a group of working girls hanging around the hostel at the back of the hotel and one was leaving the room opposite us early the next morning.The hotel literature said coffee makers were available by request so we rang down for one, which was sent up when we went out. When we got back we had the coffee maker but nothing else so rang down again to be told that we had to provide our own coffee and that they might be able to find us some mugs??!!! I have never stayed at a hotel where you have to provide your own coffee!! The following day we had two sachets of coffee but didn't get them again.We only saw the 'famous' Leonor once in our 5 days and that was over the continental breakfast when she informed us that we could have beach towels etc and that they got them from what guests had left behind, so therefore not supplied by the hotel?!The toiletries are not replenished very often, we had to ask the maid for some and she said they were short. The elevator number was stuck on floor 5 our entire time so we were always a bit cautious about using it incase it broke down, the inclusive continental breakfast consists of pineapple juice (no other juice and I hate pineapple), a few pastries, white bread for toast and some muffins. You can also have a spam pastry... if you so desire.There is also absolutely no storage for toiletries and you have to put your underwear on open shelves in the wardrobe, they do not have any cupboards or drawers. There is a safe, but it's screwed on to the top of the open shelving unit which was not screwed down so you could slide the whole thing out, so therefore not very secure and I did think it might be a bit dangerous if a little kid grabbed hold of it as the whole thing would topple over.The bed had a feather topper, which was a nice reminder of home, only it wasn't secured to the bed so tended to wander during the night, the mattress also was just placed onto a board and tended to go flying if you leant against the bed.The internet did not work for the first 3 days of our stay.Having said all that, the room was clean and they may be little things that I'm picking at but when added up, they all detract from your stay. The hotel sign was also made bigger on the last day of our stay so it should be easier to find now.Personally I would say, if you want to stay in the busy noisy part of Honolulu then come here when the hotel is finished and don't stay for too long or those little things might bug you too.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>ajnla
<Content>Great! We had a great stay at this hotel. The room was small, but really nicely decorated and very clean. We had a balcony with a view of the beach which was nice. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was good as well.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WestCoastVacationer
<Content>Not what I had expected I have to echo recent reviews of Hotel Renew: it was okay, but not what I had been expecting. Check-in: Upon arrival we discovered that there was nowhere to park on-site and that the parking facility for the hotel was 2 blocks away, with no valet service available. While my husband went to park the car the bellman stood there and watched me struggle with my bags, with no offer to assist me. Granted, I didn't ask for help but I shouldn't have had to ask! While I knew the hotel had been undergoing extensive renovations, my assumption was that renovations would have been completed by now, but they have not. The lobby is still under construction and the temporary location of the check-in desk/concierge on the second floor is very awkward and not inviting; ditto the room across the hallway used for continental breakfast. When exiting the elevator to check-in, the door hit me hard enough to leave a large bruise on my arm. The door didn't stop automatically the way most elevator doors do if someone is still entering or exiting. I am not sure if it was broken or that is how it normally functions, but I made sure to get in and out of the elevator in a hurry after that! If this had happened to a child or elderly person it could have caused them serious physical harm. This happened right as we were checking in, and the only reaction from the hotel's concierge was a muttered sorry. An are you okay? would have been a better response. In fairness, he seemed to have limited English skills so perhaps he didn't understand what I was saying. The room:The room had a strange - although not entirely unpleasant - odor to it and was much smaller that I had anticipated after looking at the photos on the hotel's website. The renovations seemed to have been done in a pretty slapdash manner, but the room was spotless and the bed was extremely comfortable. We had a great view of the beach, but also a view of Tiki's (bar) in the hotel next door. The noise from the pool/bar area begins about 7:00 am (including loud music beginning around 8am) and continues into the late night. This is, of course, completely out of the control of Hotel Renew but is kind of annoying nonetheless.Bottom line: For $300 a night, I won't be going back with such a huge collection of other hotels with a similar price point to choose from in Honolulu.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	2	3	3	

<Author>puinting
<Content>Woud return We stayed in 306. Need to at higher 06 room to get an ocean view. Staff was pleasant and attentive. Computer and lighting system in room is great.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	3	2	5	5	

<Author>rlward1313
<Content>A First-time-in-Hawaii Treat! My husband and I chose Hotel Renew based on the rave reviews on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed.The staff is excellent and Leonor's eye for detail is impeccable.We stayed in an Ocean View room on the 7th floor and we were dazzled by the beautiful view. The room was freshened daily and was a joy to return to after our busy days of sight-seeing. The personal touches like the chocolates and flowers left on our bed were very much appreciated, along with the Valentine's Day treat of chocolates and champagne - it made our stay memorable.Our room was located next door to 2 rooms being remodeled and we were never disturbed by any noise. The reconstruction effort did not interfere with our visit at all.My only concern was a lack of privacy with the use of the make-shift office on the second floor. I would have appreciated a place to sit in the hallway while I waited to speak with someone in the office. With that being said, I think it is important to note that the level of service never failed and we were cared for right up until the end of our stay. Leonor made sure we had the use of a room on the day of our departure, after check-out, since our flight was scheduled for later in the evening. We have traveled the world and very rarely find this level of proactive-service from a member of staff. Kudos to upper-management for giving their team the power to make a stay at the hotel a cherished memory - they are very lucky to have a team that knows when and how to use it.Aloha Leonor and team!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>sedonagirl99
<Content>Wasn't My Favorite I stayed at Hotel Renew for two nights recently because of the generally positive reviews -- but I didn't find the experience nearly as enjoyable as others apparently did.I booked a city balcony room that turned out to be very, very tiny. I'm glad I was traveling solo because two people in the room would have been totally unmanageable. While I appreciated the outdoor space the balcony provided, and the views of both the ocean (fab sunsets!) and the mountains, the noise from the street was unnerving. The sounds of trucks, buses, brakes and horns were constant from 8am until 10pm. After getting accustomed to hearing the surf of the North Shore the previous week, the city noises were horrific. I was very impressed with the decor and furniture choices in the room and bathroom -- I like the modern approach with the asian flavor. And the flat screen TV was cool. But I was promised computer access and I didn't get it -- my room was not yet wired for a keyboard. That was disppointing.The on-going renovations were not a problem but it also meant that there were no amenities. Thus, my experience at Hotel Renew felt incomplete and unsatisfying as far as value for money spent is concerned.Personally, I would advise caution in booking a stay any time soon.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	4	-1	2	

<Author>mikeyi74
<Content>Quick getaway Staff: Unbelievably friendly and warm. Top notch staff who really go the extra mile to help you out.Experience: We stayed for a night at the renew as a last night stay in Hawaii and wanted to be pampered with a nice room. I couldn't have found anything better. The room's were recently renovated and just gorgeous. They also give you complimentary beach gear (towels, umbrella, boogie board) to use while you stay. The only thing that keeps it from a 5 rating for me was that the room had a few kinks like a noisy bathroom fan, but I attribute this to the growing pains of renovation and would stay there again without question.Location: Right near wakiki beach and surfboard rentals which was great for us. Also had a parking lot for 8 dollars a night right around the corner. Couldn't be any better than this.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eggplant9
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Service We stayed here for a total of 5 nights in February. The service is excellent and very personalized. All of the great reviews written about Lenor are true, and the other employees we met are also very nice too. Lenor would greet us by name whenever she saw us and would always ask if there was anything she could do. She spoiled us with a lot of high-quality goodies during our stay... cakes, chocolates, juices, and cookies. I've stayed at a few 5-star hotels in the past and the service here seems to exceed those places due to the highly-personalized feel.The hotel is relatively dark compared to what you would normally expect in Hawaii. Yes, the room does have a lot of fancy lighting options, but it's the design (dark furniture, dark walls) that gives it a dark, elegant feel that you would expect to see at a trendy Manhattan boutique hotel. It's a nice design but it might not appeal to everyone. Our room had two double beds, an 80-inch projection TV (yes, it's huge), dell computer w/ dvd player, wireless keyboard / mouse, Klipsch speakers, high-speed internet, NetFlix on demand movies (never tried it) , remote control lighting, mini-fridge, and a large safe. All of the electronic gadgets are very cool but most people probably won't be spending a lot of time in the room anyway. I think we watched 30 minutes of TV during the whole week. The beds are very comfortable and luxurious but the down comforters were too warm for the tropical climate. The rooms are a bit on the small size and have lower than average ceiling height. The walls are too thin (especially in the bathroom) and you can hear everything next door. I could hear our neighbor blowing his nose in the morning. Our city-view room had a medium-sized window with a view of another building. In Hawaii, a lot of people expect floor-to-ceiling windows with a lot of light coming in -- not here. The room does have a warm, welcoming feel and there is a lot of storage space. Overall, this a good choice for those curious about the technology or trendy decor. Those who aren't used to great service will love the personalized service from Lenor and her staff, but others may miss the valet parking and room service that is traditionally found in high-end hotels. For $150-$175 this is a good value, but the $300+ rack rate seems excessive.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>lowenfels
<Content>Fantastic staff, elegant room decor, and beautiful view       Bed area  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>eleguin
<Content>Not unhappy, but a little disappointed We stayed for a few nights in February before going to the other islands. We had high hopes for Hotel Renew based on the reviews on Tripadvisor and while there wasn't anything terribly negative about the hotel, we just weren't blown away. The decor in the room were nice and modern, but there was an odd smell in the room and the hallway seemed a little bit worn. The elevators were not yet renovated. Maybe this hotel would have a much better feel after all the renovation is completed, but when we arrived, there was no lobby. We faced a cardboard wall with a sign directing us to a room on the second floor. I guess after having driven by all the nice hotels with the grand outer facade, we were a little disappointed on our first night in Hawaii. The service was fine. We didn't see Lenore at all during our 3 day stay at Renew. We didn't receive anything complimentary in our room either. The internet and internet tv in the room didn't work. We called the front desk and they tried to fix it, but it still never worked. All in all, we are pretty laid back people, so we were okay with it. The location is good, albeit the parking lot is 2 blocks away and is one of the worst designs for a parking lot I've ever been to. The price for the room was decent, so we really have no reason to complain. But if I had to do it over again, I think I'd splurge a bit more on a hotel that was more lively.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Surfbetty7
<Content>Top Notch Hospitality Our stay at the Hotel Renew was a wonderful experience! The modern-design rooms were clean, and the bed was most comfortable. Leanor Wong, the Ambassador of Aloha made our stay memorable as she was extremely welcoming, friendly, and accommodating. We will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sweetiyee20
<Content>Lived up to the hype       Complimentary Breakfast  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lulu0208
<Content>Hotel Renew - Above and beyond our expectation!! Excellent location! Modern decor and great size room. The staff was very friendly and went above and beyond their call of duty to ensure we enjoyed our stay! I would give it a 10 out of 10 and would love to stay there on my next visit to Oahu!The hotel is currently undergoing some renovations and I look forward to staying at the new Hotel Renew soon!!Cheers,Lulayna  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChipJ
<Content>Fun at the Beach We just had a great stay at Hotel ReNew. We were blown away by the personal service. Leonor Wong (head of housekeeping) gave our son treats during our stay and managed to find the very best boogie board for him to use. We really appreciated the hotel's stash of sand buckets, inflatable water toys and boogie boards. In addition, we were able to use straw mats and special beach towels provided by the hotel for use. The rooms were beautifully designed and very quiet. The complimentary breakfast had a nice assortment of things to eat, and they were actually quite tasty. All in all, we had a great stay and will be back again.Chip J.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Northernlights_8
<Content>loved the hospitality My wife Anne and myself had the great opportunity to stay at the hotel renew and we have never experienced the hospitality given to us by Lonora Wong who made us feel firstly that we were old friends and made sure our stay was the most comfortable as possible. We recommend to all our friends to make sure they include Hotel Renew on there itinerary and if nothing else but to drop in and say hello to Lenora. Our recommendation that many hotels should have a lenora and we say that Hotel renew has a winner. We will definately make this a stop on our next visit. Keep up the excellent work. Very Professional.RegardsJohn /Anne GazankasEdmonton alberta Canada  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>johnnycg20050
<Content>Loved hotel renew Very nice hotel at the Zoo end of Waikiki. Not on the beach but could not have been closer. Staff was absolutely wonderful. Very accommodating. And while they were still undergoing exterior renovations, it was never a problem. I almost stayed at another Aqua property (i.e., The Waikiki Wave on Kuhio), but quite honestly I am very glad I chose to stay at hotel renew. I plan to go back, and I will spread the word about your hotel. Thank you very much hotel renew for making my short stay a memorable one. :)Sincerely,John HealeyJUNEAU, AK  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mellizy
<Content>Very friendly, modern boutique hotel.. with an extra personal touch! After reading numerous reviews we were so confused, we almost couldn't decide on any hotel anymore.. however, the choice was this one! And we can only say, it couldn't have been a better one. The hotel has recently been renovated and to our suprise we walked into magnificent hotel rooms with a modern touch, super clean, a modern wall projector which offers free internet as well as tv at the same time. The bathrooms exceptional clean and all newly renovated. We couldn't have asked for more! But there was more.. complimentary breakfast with the leading housekeeping lady who was more than attentive to any question or wish we had, who served us free breakfast even though we were way over time, who surprised us with pralines at our rooms, handed us free inflatables/boogie boards and towls for the beach and just gave this beautiful hotel a very special personal touch. We can only do so much and write this review because it is well deserved. And the location - you coudn't wish for anything better, only 50m to your famous beach location.. with only a few steps away from the high buzz within waikiki center, closer to the Zoo. Enjoy your stay!!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sense98
<Content>Hotel Renew Offers Great Value with Wonderful Services  We stayed at the Hotel Renew for about a week and were extremely pleased with the facility and service we received.The staff, in particular Leonor Wong, went out of their way to meet and even exceed our expectations. When Leonor learned that the airlines had lost our luggage, she brought us some sandals and t-shirts to wear, as well as some robes to borrow. She also laundered our clothing for us (at no charge). In addition, she brought us some gifts of leis and chocolates to make our stay more memorable.Since we were moving to Hawaii, we had brought our Yorkie Anna. The Hotel Renew was only one of a handful of facilities on the island that accept pets. Hotel Renew went out of their way to make our pet comfortable as well by providing dog treats, pet bowls, dog toys and a nice doggie bed for our four-legged princess. The facility was still under renovation but the construction crews and staff ensured that we were not bothered. The newly-renovated rooms were wonderful with a true Zen-like feeling that is not kitschy. There is also plenty of storage in the rooms but they still maintain a clean look.The property half a block away from the beach so you can easily walk to the beach, shops and restaurant from the property. This means you don't have to worry about moving your vehicle constantly. The only drawback was the lack of designated parking.Having lived and traveled throughout the world, my husband and I have agreed that Hotel Renew is our favorite place to stay. We would definitely recommend this facility for anyone who is looking for quality and value.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vegas14
<Content>Okay for the rate We had high hopes about this hotel after we read so many steller reviews. My wife was disappointed although I thought it was ok.Her biggest complaint was everything is so dark here, the rooms, hallway, bathroom etc. Rooms were small, I guess it's same everywhere in Waikiki. But they are very well done and very modern some of the interior decor is one of the best we stayed. Housekeeping was okay. Our room wasn't done until 4-5pm every day, while we stayed for several days. It's very close to the Waikiki beach which is the best point. Parking was an issue too. we had to park at a private lot which is 2 blocks from the hotel. That lot is so busy that it took us almost 35-40 min to find a spot around 9 pm. Besides the parking people were not so nice.I hate to write a bad review, but I had seen that eveybody is saying it's a great place with no flaws. i think it's a good place but some things should be really looked for before booking.Hope this helps  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>manlorenzo
<Content>....best deal in waikiki... ...hotel renew was simply a great experience, even under the circumstances of the renovation...it was my first trip to hawaii and in all my travels, favor boutique hotels over large chain hotels...the property was contained modern furnishings, similar to boutique hotels in south beach, miami....i read a review about the hotel being dark...and it just wasnt the case....all the pictures are online for your review before you book...we got what we expected and it was perfect...besides, who stays in their hotel when you are on such a beautiful island!?!?...to appreciate the decor is to appreciate modern style, and not your standard hotel look...the property was perfectly located to EVERYTHING that you could want to walk to, from an abundance of restaurant options to a quick walk across the street to the beach...parking was an issue, but an inexpensive alternate lot, a block away was fine...$8 a day, cant go wrong...i met the infamous Leonor, who introduced herself and made it known if there was any problems to go see her...the hotel provided umbrellas, towels, bags, mats, and inflatables for your beach enjoyment...again, a hotel room at approx $150-$170 right by EVERYTHING?!...granted there isnt a pool, but again, why a pool when you have some of the nicest waters here...thank you hotel renew, we will definitely stay with you again on our next visit...  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lajason
<Content>Great service Great service. Can't say enough about how accommodating they were. My GF and I were there for 8 days in February The place is still under construction, but it did not effect us once we got to our room - not such a big inconvenience at all. Upon arriving, the wireless internet was going in and out - we called downstairs and then they actually brought a router up to our room to plug our computer directly into. The next day they brought another one for my GF once I told them that she also had a laptop and had the same issue. Our room had a nice 32 LCD TV... we called downstairs and they brought us a DVD player and installed it for us. Every time they brought something, they said anything you want, just let us know - and they did take care of everything. The manager actually told us that he had a few higher speed routers after I told him that I watch streamed television on my laptop - then they switched out a router with a more high speed router - was great.the lights are great. you can control all the lights in the whole room/bathroom from the little remote control on the side of the bed - very cool - and you can dim, etc... again, very cool.every morning we were greeted at breakfast by Leonor, everything they say about her is correct - total sweetheart - looking to help out the hotel guests - she made us feel like family. the breakfast was a very good continental breakfast. after breakfast we went to the check-in area and they had beach chairs, towels, etc. for us - no need to bring your own or rent them at the beach.we had a late night flight coming home... we brought this to leonor's attention to request a very late checkout or at least a few hours... she let us stay in our room until 9pm on the night we left! No hotels ever do that - it is almost like having another day. they could have just given us a place to store our bags - or a random room which was unused, instead we actually got to keep our room. so nice....the negatives: construction - will be done soon; wireless didn't work well - but they more than made up for it; no parking - it would have been nice but i understand the issues.the positives: can't say enough about the service, great location, great modern rooms, nice amenities, nice bathrooms, great lighting / light controls. felt like home!great deal - i am sure it will be much more expensive once all the renovations are complete - and it will still be worth it. we will be back. thank you Leonor.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>weaselbob
<Content>not what we were looking for we were disappointed with the hotel ambience. the room is dark, needs more light. the bathroom needs more light. the hallways were dingy and dark. the staff was great. the location wasn't too bad, about a block from a really nice beach. No parking and no pool. We switched to the Wiakiki sheraton for a couple of nights of our stay. it was much more to my wifes liking. with a lanai, large room and ocean view. Lenore wong is everything others have said. she left us chocolates on our bed and champagne.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>LoveThoseStamps
<Content>The best place to stay in Waikiki! A few months back I stayed at the then Ocean Tower and had a fantastic experience, so when the time came to book accommodations for another wedding, the choice was easy. We arrived before check-in time and our room was still being occupied, but the staff allowed us to leave our baggage so that we could begin enjoying our stay. When we came back a few hours later, our luggage was in our room and our refrigerator was stocked with refreshments. The two friends who were on the trip with me were impressed with the decor and the friendliness of the staff. When we visited our friends in another hotel, we realized the value of the hotel even more as their rooms were not nearly as nice and they were paying quite a bit more. I am looking forward to seeing the hotel once it is fully renovated as the upgrades they have made since my stay in October are impressive. I will definitely come back the next time I visit the islands.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SamJuneTravels
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel...personalized service! We were in Hawaii for 2 weeks, staying at Hotel Renew in Oahu for 4 nights after traveling to Maui and the big island. We read lot's of the reviews here at trip advisor and they accurately described the experience expected for Hotel Renew. You can't beat a nicely, stylish, remodeled hotel at a great rate combined with the location being 1 block from the beach. The renovated rooms should have the large flat screen LCD/HD TV, we noticed that wasn't in the room and a call to the front desk got things remedied quickly. At our time of booking, the remodel project was listed for completion on the hotel's website for the end of Jan, but it is still not close to being done. The posting at the hotel says April. Keep that in mind. Terry the General Manager was so there right at the front line, works around the clock to help with any requests. Leonor was so nice, when she found out we were there for our babymoon, she placed a chilled bottle of martinelli's, flowers, and a box of chocolates for us. This added to the experience. With all the guests being treated so well, that helped to create a warmth to the hotel and a desire to return.Rooms were clean, the electronic lighting controls were cool, continental breakfast - pastry juice, coffee, fruit. Leonard's (malasadas) and a new Safeway grocery store is 1.5 miles away.I'm sure when the remodel is done, things will be even better.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>seattle_A_and_B
<Content>Not quite ready to call themselves a 'luxury designer boutique hotel' I'm going to be perfectly honest. I expected much, much more from Honolulu's first true luxury boutique hotel. That is not to say that the hotel will not become that in the future. I can see where they want to go with their vision, and I have no doubt that they will achieve it. But they are far from ready to call themselves that now. I had very high hopes for the Hotel Renew. But within moments of arriving, I knew right away there going to be problems. Our first interaction with a hotel employee was a disinterested bell-hop. More concerned with text messaging on his cell phone, we were left to haul our own luggage out of the towncar. I knew going into it that the lobby is still under construction. I made sure to take a peak behind the plywood barrier to see how far they had come. I was shocked. They are quite a way off from anything resembling a lobby of any sort. I am guessing sometime late this summer is a good guess at completion. Up to the second floor to check in, and I will mention even the elevators need work. Creaky, cramped and smelling of the 60's. The check-in staff was nice enough. Our Deluxe Ocean View room was not ready. We were a couple hours early, so we anticipated some delay. The check-in girl called housekeeping and asked to put a rush on our room and make it a priority since we had just checked in. Very good move on her part. So she was to call us as soon as the room was ready. This was about 12:30 in the afternoon. At about 2:30 and no phone call, we called the hotel and were told the room would be ready in 20 minutes. Regular check-in time is 3:00pm. Where was the rush we were promised? The room itself was nice. Very nice. They did a wonderful job with the space they had to work with. A bottle of champagne sent up from the ever popular Leonor had put the Hotel Renew back on track. Until later that evening, the brand new toilet backed up and flooded a bit. It took 45 minutes and 3 phone calls to the front desk to get the requested plunger sent to the room. Although I was told the general manager would be up to take care of it himself, I am not altogether certain it was him. The bed was perfect, the pillows perfect, the rest was perfect. But I am conflicted as to how I feel about the hotel on the whole. You cannot slap on a few coats of paint, buy some nice bed linens, set up a flat screen TV and call yourself a luxury hotel. Yes, we paid a fantastically cheap rate for a top notch location, so is this a case of you get what you pay for? The Hotel Renew will one day be all they claim to be. They just quite simply, are not that right now. I will certainly be back and be happy to stay with them again. But I am going to wait a good year or so to make sure they are up and running at full speed. I can only in good conscience give them a neutral rating. They will be great one day, I am certain. But know going into it right now, they are not yet what they claim to be.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>cathyanddennis
<Content>Hotel Renew was perfect for us! My husband  I stayed at the Hotel Renew From Jan. 27-30, 2008 to celebrate our recent retirement from teaching. We had read wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor prior to our trip, and we were not disappointed! The beds were the most comfortable we'd ever slept in! The lobby was still undergoing renovation, so there was a temporary reception area set up - but it was absolutely no problem. Leonor is still there, and is a treasure! We were well cared for each and every day, and she took great care to make us feel special (champagne in room, chocolates, a flower lei to welcome us, called a limo. cab to get us to the airport at the end of our stay, and more!) We were a block in from Waikiki Beach and the location couldn't have been more convenient for us - close to the beach, close to restaurants, close to the bus stop. We were able to do lots of exploring on Oahu from this location. I would highly recommend this hotel for all of the reasons mentioned above, plus the price was the best we found anywhere! We loved our stay at the Hotel Renew, and we know you will, too!Cathy  Dennis  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>wind006
<Content>Great hotel but don't get holed in Stayed for two nites at Hotel Renew at the end of Jan. Had a good stay . GREAT price because of the renovation. The good: great location, great staff, continental breakfast, nice decor, comfy beds. The bad: if you don't have a view room, it feels like you're holed in and the window faces an alley and bldg. Also the hallway noise is really loud. Parking is off-site about two blocks away.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	5	

<Author>floridagirl1020
<Content>Fantastic Service, Price and Location!!!       Comfortable bed!!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KMB_07
<Content>Great Staff!! We stayed at the Hotel Renew for two nights after spending 6 nights at a 5star resort on Maui. It was a nice change of pace without the resort overcharging for every added extra. Definitely not a luxury hotel just yet.. the place is still in the process of being renovated. The location is great. We had a beautiful view of the ocean. The entire staff make up for any inconveniences associated with the renovation process. They are very polite, helpful, friendly and generous. They made the stay more enjoyable than expected. The newly remodeled rooms are well done with the feel of a Hotel W without the pretentiousness that the W often has with their staff. If the completed renovation matches the caliber of the staff, this is going to be a great spot to hang out when in Honolulu.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bristolbrummie
<Content>Superb service We stayed for 5 nights in January and whilst the reception area was still being renovated the welcome when we checked in couldn't have been friendlier and all features of the room were explained.The view from our room was superb - a view of the sea and sunset.We were there for our anniversary and Leonor spoke to us at breakfast and when she found out she sent us a bottle of champagne and box of chocolates to our room which was lovely. The location is great - just a block from the sea and in the heart oof Waikiki.We asked for help with bus schedules/beach towels etc from front desk and always received very friendly and accurate information.Overall superb value.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DelawareToni
<Content>If you sneeze, you miss seeing this hotel from the street       Leonor and me on my birthday  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Fodens_chick
<Content>Honeymoon at hotel renew We stayed at the hotel renew for three nights during our honeymoon. This hotel room was clean and recently renovated. Our room had a balcony from which we could see the ocean (although the hotel doesn't actually face the ocean). The bathroom in our room was excellent, very modern with marble tiles modern fixtures, sink and lighting. I even think the carpet in the room the towels in the bathroom and the toilet paper had the same pattern imprinted on them. We were also greeted by the head of housekeeping and received a gracious welcome from her with some complimentary items since this was our honeymoon. The decor was fantastic.Other details about the hotel are: The parking during renovation was 1/2 block down the street. This was still close but maybe a little inconvenient, but I was happy with it since it was only $8.00 per day. Although we had a balcony in our room, the bed was rather small (probably just a double bed) and the room was pretty small overall (except for the bathroom). Although our room had been renovated, we didn't have a flat screen TV as was advertised on the website. Although this is an aqua hotel, there are no spa services at this particualr one, you would have to go a few blocks away to the other hotel for the spa, although this hotel will arrange your appointment for you.Overall I would recommend this hotel. The decor was great, the location was good and the customer service was very good.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>viczic
<Content>Loved the Hotel Renew in Wakiki Beach!       Clean  refurbished bathroom  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BondiGirl01
<Content>Loved It!! Would recommed to my friends and parents I stayed at the Hotel Renew in late January on a one-night stop over to Sydney. It was such a great stay - the lobby was stil being renovated but they have set it up so that it is really no inconvenience. The hotel is VERY close to the beach, the rooms are great. The design and decor is cool and trendy - much more hip that the usual Honolulu hotels - not glitzy or tacky, which i really loved. The beds are VERY comfortable and I loved the rear projection TV with internet access and free movies - when you are a tourist and not carrying around a laptop it is so great to just have free internet access in your room without having to use a business centre - so many places in this price range charge outrageous internet access fees. The only (minor) compliant would be that the complimentary breakfast was pretty basic - I imagine this will change after renovations are complete, but it would be nice to have some more options - maybe some granola  breakfast ceeral as well as toast  fruit. really friendly, helpful staff.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tg49ers
<Content>Excellent Hotel! Great Service! My girlfriend and I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel a few weeks ago. Although the hotel was still under renovations, it definately met my expectations and more! ServiceThis was by the best service I have ever had, from the front desk to the Manager (Ms Leonor Wong). Everytime we needed help they were there for us. They helped us with transportation, shopping and finding fantastic restaurants during our stay, they even went out of their way to book a few of our reservations for us. Ms Wong went out of her way to assist us with everything, and would always ask us to make sure we were enjoying our stay and help us if required.LocationThe hotel is located just off of Waikiki Beach. The location is pretty good. You are near all bus and trolly stops and can get to all the major attractions very easily. Shopping is all around here along with great restaurants.RoomsThe rooms were great, we had one facing the back of the hotel so I can't say for sure how the views were but we were happy enough with the room we were staying in. The rooms had full internet and large a flat screen TV. Very modern trendy rooms with a nice comfortable king sized bed.There is a continental breakfast in the morning, which is a big plus. nothing fancy but a good selection of pastries, fruit and coffee/tea.The renovations to the hotel will be done around March, I would love to check the hotel out again when they are fully completed - for the price, location and service, this was definately well worth the stay. Thanks to everyone at Hotel Renew, we had a great time during our stay, we would stay there again in a heart beat!!!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DrDaveMaui
<Content>We experienced renewal at Hotel Renew Attending a 4 day conference in Honolulu, these residents of Maui chose the newly renovated Hotel Renew. We were impressed (the lobby was still in the process of reconstruction). Very European--reminscent of our stays in London and Paris. The rooms were modern and sleek; beds very comfortable; shower/towels/linens/signature toiletry amenities very satisfactory. The continental breakfast was excellent with free newspaper, cold pineapple juice, Illy brand coffee and fresh pastries. The famous Leonor Wong amazingly not only matched but transcended our high expectations in personal service and aloha spirit. She made us feel welcome with smiles and hugs, and extra touches of hospitality. She is the epitome of what hotel staff should be in terms of customer service. Leonor Wong made us feel that we were staying at her personal Bed  Breakfast inn rather than a model hotel chain. We loved the flat screen TV with large screen viewing of the Internet and email.Some glitches: Internet service was spotty (but that happens at home, too), the lighting in the bathroom was too dark for makeup and hair (as stated by the guests before us), and the DVD player had audio problems (however, the general manager, Terry, came to the room personally to successfully fix it). Parking was a couple of blocks away but reasonably priced for Honolulu/Waikiki.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>Cowgirl14
<Content>Wonderful Staff at the Hotel Renew We have just returned from our stay at Hotel Renew and considering that the hotel is still undergoing renovations, our overall experience was very good. Lenora Wong and the rest of the staff ensured that all of our needs were looked after. The hotel is located just off the beach, and in close proximity to great restaurants and shopping. Our room was beautiful and spacious (king bed) and the flat screen TV was a bonus, as they had just arrived.We would definitely recommend the hotel. We had friends staying at other locations in the Waikiki area, paying two and three times more than what we paid, and their rooms paled in comparison. Once these renovations are complete, I suspect the price to stay at Hotel Renew will increase substantially.Please note, the renovations of the rooms will probably continue through the end of February, with the Lobby work continuing on into March or longer.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MerryTravels
<Content>Very nice rooms We chose this hotel because we got an excellent construction rate plus a free night because were staying five nights, we liked the look of the modern rooms, and we like the location. The cheap parking at the Waikiki Banyan nearby was a big plus, too.The rooms are just as nice as they look in the pictures. They have lots of shelves and drawers, which is great for feeling more settled rather than digging through your suitcase every time you need something. The bathrooms are also nice, and I loved the supplied products (especially the body scrub). The maid(s) did an excellent job with our room, even folding our clothes and straightening our shoes. We didn't have a view, but you don't stay in a hotel a block from the beach if that's important to you. It was nice to have the simple breakfast in the morning. We're not big breakfast people so coffee, juice, and pastries are all we need. The breakfast room was cramped but I assume that will be remedied with the construction is done.The only complaints I can think of about the rooms are fairly minor. The internet through our TV never worked, and we were told a work order would have to be submitted to have it fixed. It wasn't a big deal to us so we told them not to bother, but why is it up to us to require that something be fixed? I would think a complaint from a guest about something not working would be good enough for the hotel to take action. My only other quibble is that without an overhead light in the bathroom it was sort of dark in the shower.We only heard construction noise one morning, although sometimes we'd have to wait for an elevator because the workers were using them to the upper floors (no freight elevator?). Signs in the elevator indicated the lobby would be done by the end of January, but it looked pretty far from completion. I think there are other amenities that aren't ready yet, too. Instead of an iPod docking station we had a beat-up clock radio in our room.All the mentions of staff introducing themselves and free goodies in these reviews had me wondering if my husband's birthday would be acknowledged, but other than a happy birthday from the clerk who checked us in it was not. And nobody introduced themselves to us, but we didn't really see anyone other than to ask for beach towels.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>startec
<Content>great modern hotel We got a really cheap rate as the hotel lobby is under construction however the rooms are great - huge king bed, flat screen TV, nice decor and you are not paying for a swimming pool and other facilities which you won't use. The bath is a little small but everything else is good. We would stay there again.The hotel is located next to the Marriot and the beach is at the end of the street. This part of Waikiki beach also has a huge sea pool so you can swim without the waves if you wish.We never made breakfast but it is included. Pizza just next door at Wolfgang Express is cheap and quite good. Lulu's bar just around the corner is good too and for something more special go to Roy's for dinner (approx $100 for 2 people, 3 courses not including drinks) - very good food but remember to book a table as its busy. You can walk there in approx 10 to 15 minutes.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	-1	4	4	

<Author>Yhinau
<Content>Service is exceptional Everything good you read about this hotel is true. The rooms are comfortable and stylish; the location is good (major tour shuttle pick-up is right outfront). But the main attraction is the incredible, friendly service with free courtesy rooms etc. Even 1 week after I checked out they welcomed me back and helped me. It's the only hotel I know of where you get a hug from the manager if you want! The only downsides are: 1. that their lobby renovations are waaay behind schedule but this is compensated for in the price  the service. 2. personally, I found the new bedding over-heavy for the Hawaii climate (a matter of taste though). Warmly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snorkelnut08
<Content>Wait til construction is finished before you go.... Stayed here at the end of Jan. 2008. There was no lobby, check is in a tiny little room on the second floor, and the continental breakfast is in the tiny room across the hall. The most entertaining part of this breakfast was watching the appalled look on the faces of the fellow guests. The selection of pastry was minimal and you had to wait for about 30 minutes for the pastry and fruit man to come refil. Many folks walked in, looked stunned and walked out. I have read the other reviews about flat screen TVs; ours was a tiny box. If you want wireless internet be prepared to work on it. I gave up after two trips to the office where I was told that the technical staff had already gone for the day. When I wanted to print our boarding passes I was told that I could come to the office and give them my info and they would print it off for me on the office printer. There is no computer room in the facility. I felt sorry for the poor guy I met in the hallway who had spent 4 hours that day trying to check his email via internet. I guess it is a good thing that he is staying on a floor where the refurb is complete he can look at his pretty room.I have read the comments on the ubergreat Leonor. I have no idea who she is. We were never fortunate enough to meet her. Maybe she could have gotten us something for breakfast besides the toast that was available on our last morning there.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAT057
<Content>Totally Awesome!!! This was better than we expected ,the service was exceptional  freindly! We felt like part of a family ,as this is a small staff that went out of there way to do little extra,s that you would not expect! It was my 50th Birthday  when my wife  I went down for breakfast that day there was Leonor  her staff with a B.Day cake singing Happy Birthday! I was totally blown away  again want to thank Leonor  her staff for going out of there way to make this day  our visit a very special time! This place is not a 5 star but the staff is a 5+star  it is very clean  the bed was very comfy! The location is great (just a half a block to the beach). I now understand why this hotel is ranked #1, just for the friendly staff  service alone! We believe It is by far your best bang for the buck in Hawaii period!! Chuck  Ann , Kamloops , B.C. Canada  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmaurer
<Content>Renovations affect overall experience I booked this hotel based on the overall reviews from this website. I stayed for 3 nights, and had what I consider a mostly renovated room on the 7th floor (707), facing the beach. The view from the room was great! The bed was extremely comfortable--this is the most important detail for me. The decor was tastefully modern. I loved the window screens that you can slide shut at night to keep out light and noise from another hotel pool area just in front.Upon each time entering the room, though, there was a very mild musty odor that would catch my attention--it definitely wasn't a newly renovated clean smell. It really wasn't very offensive, but still was noticeable. After a couple minutes in the room, I acclimated to the odor and it didn't bother me. This room didn't have a flat screen TV yet. Most of the light dimmers (the ones on the walls) in the room didn't work yet. The only one that did was the master dimmer on the nightstand. Bathroom lighting was limited to a light that frames the mirror--very cool, but perhaps not enough lighting for some. No iPod dock, yet, in the room either.The renovations-in-progress of the rest of the hotel also affected the overall ambiance of the stay. Check-in is in a make-shift lobby room on the second floor, and a modest continental breakfast is offered in the room across the hall. The staff overall was very pleasant, but I was never once offered any of the perks--complimentary bottled water, welcome snack/fruit, etc.--that I read so much about from previous reviewers. It wasn't until my last morning that I happened to meet Lenore--I can see why so many guests are fond of her...she has a very welcoming personality and seems truly concerned about your stay. I suspect, though, that with all the renovations going on at Hotel Renew that her attentions towards guests get distracted to equally important renovation issues. Renovations of the lobby are now projected for completion in March per their posting.If you rent a car, parking arrangements have been made with a parking garage 1 block away for $8/day--a great deal. The only inconvenient aspect of this was that you had to go over to the garage and renew your parking fee every 24 hours. But for only $8/day, I feel a bit guilty for even mentioning this, as I really am not an overly fussy traveler.I can tell this is going to be a great hotel once the renovations are complete. I would definitely recommend it to others. It has the potential to become one of the top destination boutique hotels in Oahu--if I get the chance to return, I will not hesitate trying Hotel Renew again. I strongly suspect my experiences represent a rather awkward phase for management as they transition into their new digs.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lowkey8
<Content>The perfect hotel for our Hawaiian vacation       Fogless mirror and nicely designed streamlined sink  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MDL_81
<Content>Like staying at your relatives house       Room  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>desertbreeze8
<Content>Feel renewed at the Renew We stayed at the Hotel Renew Jan. 16, 17 and 18, 2008 in a newly renovated room. Congenial Manager Terry Dowsett escorted us to our room and advised us of some fun things to do in the area. The atmosphere in the room is serene, and it is very comfortable. Parking is about a block away at a good price. We checked out some boogie boards and towels and walked to the beach, about one block. Executive housekeepr Leonor is a gem, and the rest of the staff were attentive and friendly. Hotel renovations are nearly complete and did not interfere at all with our stay. We'll definitely be back!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>traveler251
<Content>Amazing Experience My experience at Hotel Renew exceeded my expectations, and I highly recommend this hotel. I recently booked several rooms at the hotel for a wedding party, and all of the guests were treated like royalty. The staff was very friendly (especially Lenore) and the assistance I received from Tulinh in the Sales Department was amazing. She helped me book transportation, the rehearsal dinner, and saved me a ton of money. The rooms are clean, spacious, and very stylish, it is in a great location, and the views from the rooms are breathtaking.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Viaggio_Adesso
<Content>Chic Boutique in Waikiki We loved our stay at Hotel Renew. The decor and hospitality exceeded my expectations. The room combines dark wood with clean minimalism. The bed was so comfortable! The location is a block from the beach, and the hotel provides you with beach towels and a boogie board if you need one. Our room on the 6th floor had a good ocean view - but better as you get higher. Leonor made our stay wonderful - even providing my mom with her own pot of freshly-brewed decaf each morning in the breakfast room. I hope to return again!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dave-in-NY
<Content>Great place! Great staff! I stayed for 8 nights (with my wife of 25 years) in this perfectly situated hotel in the quiet part of Waikiki nearest Diamond Head. Though the hotel is ungoing a facelift, we never heard any construction noise. The hotel staff was courteous and professional. Leonor Wong leads the staff and could not have been nicer! Her personal touch on our vacation was very much appreciated by both of us. If you stay here, I am sure you will enjoy the same experience.The room was outstanding....check the hotel's website for pictures and descriptions....all are accurate. The restaurants in the area are easy to find and top notch (Cheeseburger in Paradise makes grrreat! mai tais!!) The beach, park, Diamond Head are all very, very close to the hotel. Good parking, fairly inexpensive, was a block away.Next time I stay in Waikiki, I hope Hotel Renew has a room available.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>meggssy
<Content>A very friendly place We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We had a newly renovated room - the beds were magicIt was modern with a great lighting system and a modern bathroom with lovely fluffy towels. The tv had lots of channels more than the next hotel we stayed in at double the price.The location is very close to the beach and we had an ocean view but no balcony. Our room on the 8th floor faced the Resort Quest Hotel next door and it was quite noisy as they have live music first thing in the morning till about 11pm at night. We were also above the trolley stop and the bus stop and this was quite noisy and annoying but i am a light sleeper and this may not bother most people.The hotel was 2 weeks away from completion of the renovations. I was aware of this when I booked. Breakfast was in a small room and sometimes it was so busy you could not find a seat.Having said that we met more people in that tiny room than anywhere else. Lenore was extremely nice and was a wonderful asset to the hotel as was Grace in Reception.It is a small hotel and if you did not have a limited budget you would probably enjoy staying somewhere else . Having said that this hotel is value for money and the staff make it enjoyable.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KateMarion_NC
<Content>We were treated like royalty. We had a wonderful time at the Hotel Renew. When we arrived, tired and thirsty from a 10 hour flight, we were greeted with smiles and cold bottles of water. When we left six days later Leonor escorted us to a limo and obligingly photographed us with my camera. Throughout our stay we felt pampered and indulged. The location was ideal. The rooms and the views were beautiful. Little gifts waited on our pillows each evening. Everyone on staff seemed committed to ensuring that the guest have a pleasant and trouble-free vacation. The hotel is undergoing construction/renovation but we never heard or saw the work going on. We highly reccommend this place.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Arny987
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Experience       Welcome Back Gift  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>TikkiTikki
<Content>Great room... great staff... great location We stayed at hotel renew for 3 nights in early January. Upon arrival, we were initially disappointed as the hotel is currently undergoing lobby renovations. We knew about this at the time of our booking. The lobby has been temporarily moved to a room on the 2nd floor.We stayed in an ocean view room which has been renovated and was very modern and more upmarket than expected. The room was very tastefully decorated and very clean and a bottle of champagne and chocolates was in our room on check-in.My husband and I were travelling with our 1 year old daughter and we were provided with a very clean and well made up crib to use during our stay. Leonor very kindly gave us a box of Cheerio's for our daughter to snack on and also brought up a microwave to use in our room - which helped greatly with making meals for our daughter.The only negatives... no car park. We had to park around the corner in another parking garage but it was only a couple of minutes walk away so wasn't much of an inconvienence.I would definiately recommend this hotel and would stay there again in a flashl  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Jindo
<Content>Clean modern and super friendly staff The newly renovated rooms are modern and well designed. So many pillows... really comfy King size bed and spotless. Right on the edge of the tourist area and right across from a very populated beach. Travel to the windward side of Oahu to get to the beautiful more secluded luscious beaches.When we were there the hotel was still being renovated so the check-in area is in one of the rooms. Saw a picture of the design and it looks like it will be beautiful. Staff are super nice. We didn't have internet or a computer in our room, so the staff installed a computer and internet while we were out sight-seeing.If you want a quiet room get one that doesn't face the beach the restaurant/hotel next to it plays live music on outdoor speakers starting at 9am to 11pm. Breakfast wasn't deluxe (coffee and doughnuts, fruit) but maybe this will get better after the renovation.Food notes: Seek out a tiny casual bustling restaurant called Tokkuri-Tei it is close to the hotel ( about 15 min walk) amazing Japanese food.Drive to the north shore and eat at the Giovanni's Shrimp truck. It is the oldest shrimp truck there and the Shrimp will make your toes curl.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>bennettcale
<Content>Deco getaway in Waikiki My wife Gabby and I stayed here recently on a quick getaway to Oahu. The hotel is under some renovation currently and promises to be quite nice when finished. It already has very cute, clean deco modern rooms with flat screen TVs (with Internet and wireless that was down while we were there) and a hip, modern feel.The beaches of Waikiki are just a block away and we had a fantastic ocean view with beautiful lighting around sunset time.This is a great place for more discerning travelers who want a quiet, boutique feel without the noise and party feel of the more common gigantic hotels that are everywhere in Waikiki. This place has style and a super friendly staff that is there to accommodate you. We will return.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>schmempsie
<Content>Great place to stay I can not recommend Hotel Renew highly enough. What was formerly the Ocean Towers has been gutted out and made into a gorgeous boutique style hotel. The staff were extremely accomodating, in particular Leonor Wong who made sure that everyone was well looked after and went beyond the call of a hotel manager. The rooms themselves are extremely comfortable and overlook the beach if you are on the ocean side. The hotel is located just away from the noise and the crowds, but isjust off the beach and a 2 minute walk to the International Market. I will definitely stay with Hotel Renew next time I come to Hawaii.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>banjo30
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My wife and I stayed a week at the hotel Renew. The hotel was formally the Ocean Tower Resort. In fact, the hotel was under going renovation while we were there. The lobby was unavailable, and business was conducted in a make-shift office. Nonetheless, the hotel was very nice. Our room was decorated in an Asian-influenced minimalistic style. I understand that in the future, fresh flowers will be in each room and with fancier TVs. (Note: the TV that we had was just fine). There is advanced lighting options so that one could choose which lights were on (and to what degree) from bedside buttons. That was nice. The people were extremely friendly and helpful. They were really nice - just perfect.The beach is just around 100 yards away from the front door. Very convenient. The hotel is also very close to the zoo and the aquarium. There are also bus stops located very close to the hotel. A nice location.The only drawback was that the wi-fi access to the internet was slow. However, that should be fixed soon or you might want to ask them if you choose this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Love_2_travel00
<Content>Leonor is a true ambassador! This was my Mother's first trip to Hawaii. We selected the Hotel Renew based on tripadvisor.com comments. All the wonderful comments regarding Leonor are accurate. The hotel is nicely located, the rooms are comfortable and clean (we stayed in one of the newly remodeled rooms) and the continental breakfast included fresh coffee, juices and plenty of fresh pastries, toast and fresh fruit. While everyone was warm, friendly and helpful, Leonor was amazing. She made us feel as though we were family. She went above and beyond in ensuring my Mother  I were comfortable and enjoying our stay. When she learned we were leaving early (5:00am) for our flight, she arranged to have pastries and fresh fruit delivered to our room the evening prior to our departure, which we both appreciated very much. It was a wonderful trip. I wanted to ensure my Mother, who is 78, had a great trip and Leonor and hotel renew were integral to ensuring it was a success! Thank you!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lcastro444
<Content>A piece of heaven in paradise       the room  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>Horizontal_Holidays
<Content>Very welcoming, comfortable and well appionted       Beach and ocean pool very near to hotel  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CMichener
<Content>Aloha at its finest We spent 7 nights at the Hotel Renew over the holidays, and it definitely lives up to its TripAdvisor reputation. While the newly renovated rooms are perfectly nice, it is the staff's above and beyond attitude that made our stay. My husband and I and our two children felt like valued and honored guests at all times. Leonor welcomes each guest as if she were hosting them at her home. We returned to our room several times at the end of the day to find thoughtful gifts of fruit, chocolate, and even sparking cider for a family-friendly New Year's celebration. When we asked to borrow towels for the beach (an easy block's walk), we were also handed straw mats, bottles of water, and a boogie board. Hotel Renew is probably not for those who are seeking a resort with every amenity available on the property, but it is truly a gem for those who value customer service. It is conveniently located at the edge of Waikiki's strip of shops and restaurants, and although I believe the hotel was full when we were there, it was very quiet and restful.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RiverSwim
<Content>Great place to stay Due to a change in our flights we needed accommodations for one more night in Honolulu. Reading the reviews and getting a great online rate through bookit.com, I booked the Aqua Ocean Tower for Nov 29. The friendly staff gave us a renovated room. Modern, comfortable with plasma TV and free Internet we were very impressed. We met Leonor. The previous reviews say it all about the Ocean Tower  Leonor. Leonor and her staff have a down home style that is genuine. Upon her finding out we were on our 30th anniversary vacation she dropped off a bottle of champagne and macadamia chocolates at our room while we were out sightseeing. We wished we had booked our entire stay here. After the continental breakfast the next morning she invited us back for the following morning breakfast even though we were booked in at another hotel. Leonor and Ocean Tower gave us a reception that was a terrific start to our vacation and made our 13 hours of flying to get to Hawaii much more relaxing. Thanks Leonor....hope we can do it again sometime!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CSonvacation
<Content>Hotel Renew is fantastic We stayed for a total of three nights at Hotel Renew, two nights before our cruise and one night after. We had a renovated room both times. The new rooms are fantastic. The beds are very comfy, complete with a feather bed and duvet. The tv's are flat screens with every channel you could imagine. You also have free internet through the tv and wireless access if you have a laptop. The bathrooms are clean and also renovated, very sleek and modern. Bath towels are large and fluffly. The entrance has black slate flooring and the bed area has black carpet. The overall room decor is modern with a relaxing feel. We were upgraded on our third night to an ocean view with balcony. The staff was great, Leonor went above and beyond. We had a late flight a few days after our third night and we were able to come back to the hotel and shower before our flight. Hotel Renew made us feel like we were the most important guests. All this special treatment for a very reasonable price, we were very happy with our hotel choice in Waikiki. As a side note, we stayed at the Turtle Bay Resort for a couple of nights, the rooms do not compare, Hotel Renew is way better!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>keilani
<Content>Meaning of Aloha I made a reservation after reading some reviews on tripadviser and didn't have any idea about this Hotel.Even though I arrived early since I flew in from Asia, Angie was able to check me in right away. Lenore has greeted me with a big smile and offered me a cup of fresh brewed coffee and donuts. I had booked 4 nights with Ocean deluxe room but they only had two nights available. So, they moved me to a newly remodeled room without ocean view but with a great discount. I was in Honolulu on business and felt a little out of place since everyone else was on vacation but Lenore made me feel welcome and enjoyed the stay at the Hotel even though they are still working on their first floor.My flight out was very late in the evening but they let me stay until the shuttle picked me up at the Hotel without additional charge. Since my room was going to be in use, they gave me a new room to stay. Thank you!. It made a big difference.I have stayed in 5 star Hotels before but none of the service can compare with this Hotel. I think Lenore, Angie and Grace know the true meaning of Aloha. Thank you and I hope I will be able to stay at your Hotel soon. Thanks Lenore!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NEISTA
<Content>Definately the right choice I found this hotel through the TripAdvisor ratings and hesitantly booked a room for two nights. I wasn't sure how it would be with all of the renovations happening. I didn't need to worry.Yes they are still undergoing renovations: the lobby was still closed and the public hallways had plastic down on the carpets, but once inside the room it was a different story.The rooms are well decorated and very relaxing. The colours are warm and the feather bed was amazing. I didn't want to get up. The location is great. Only a very short walk to the beach, but far enough that you don't have the noise of all the people.Then to top it off you have the service. Grace and Lenore provide top notch service. I would not hesitate to stay at hotel renew again and am looking forward to seeing it once the renos are complete.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pcm4200
<Content>Renovated Renew is For Real - Great Service, Incredible Value on Waikiki       King Sized 5th Floor City View Room  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Bakersfield_Sunshine
<Content>Wonderful - It doesn't get any better In Hawaii our daughter was married and we celebrated our anniversary. We stayed at this hotel and we would give this hotel and staff a perfect rating in every way. The rooms were beautiful in comfort, design and they were clean. The staff was so friendly and helpful. Ask them about anything and everything. They saved us so much money on where to go for tours, what taxi's to use etc... If you want to be treated well stay at this hotel. They add personal touches catered to your stay to make it more memorable and enjoyable. We will stay at this hotel in the future. Thank you, Marchman/Williams family  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>davenak3
<Content>Surprised  We were at the hotel on Dec 3  4, 2007 and were the first to lodge in one of the remodeled rooms. The decor was super, the view was really great and the people associated with the hotel could not have been more friendly. Leonor Wong went out of her way to make sure we felt at home, had everything we needed and even provided a late check out for my wife and me. The late check out turned out to even more meaningful because our midnight flight was late and we didn't get to leave HNL until 0130. Having a place to relax and shower before heading to the airport was super. Location of the hotel is great if you don't want to be in the midst of lots of people; at the same time it is easy to get to most of the places of shopping interest on Waikiki Beach, and best of all, it's only a short block to the beach. Remodel is still going on and parking is a little bit of an issue, but the suggested parking place is only 2 short blocks from the hotel and cost only $8/day.When we go back to HNL we'll most certainly try hard to stay at the now named Hotel Renew.Dave  Shari, Burnsville, MN  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>D_and_JW
<Content>A Great Value!! With Great Service!! Just a short walk to the beach, Aqua Oceanview Tower was convenient to both the beach, trolley and bus lines within Waikiki. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was a nice continental style meal with fresh rolls, pineapple juice, pastries and fruit. Even though the hotel is going through a renovation, we barely noticed. We stayed at Aqua Oceantower at both the beginning and end of our vacation. The first room had not yet been renovated and while it was clean and our view was nice, overall, it was nothing fancy. Our second room was located on one of the newly renovated floors and was a dramatic change for the better! The d茅cor was outstanding featuring Asian modern styles with clean design lines. Other than the wall pictures, every fixture or component of the room contained both form and function; well conceived design! Since our flight wasn鈥檛 until later in the day, Leonor Wong, the executive housekeeper, let us store our luggage in our room after the official checkout time. It was nice to be able to relax and freshen up in our room before our long flight home. Such service!! If her superiors are reading these reviews, they should give her a raise. She went above and beyond the normal level of customer service.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FerrisB
<Content>I love this place I stayed at the Ocean Tower (now called the Hotel Renew) for 10 nights recently as was blown away by the experience. The hotel certainly lives up to its number one ranking for Honolulu hotels. I stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms - comfortable beds and pillows, huge flat screen tv, wi-fi internet access (thru the television screen), air-con, Lutron lighting (which I loved), a small fridge tucked away under the desk, a wardrobe and a free in-room safe, just to name a few things. While there isn't a pool or room-service, the hotel is located only 100m from the beach and equi-distant between Kuhio Ave and Kalakaua Ave which have a huge range of restaurants and eating options. The hotel provides continental breakfast each morning. I returned to my room most evenings to find fruit or chocolate gifts placed on the bed - these little thingsI chose the hotel based on the other glowing reviews I read about it on Tripadvisor and they were pretty accurate, save for the fact that they didn't praise the professionalism and friendliness of the hotel staff enough. They made me feel like part of a family and I'm thankful to those I saw on a daily basis - Terry the hotel manager, Grace on reception and the ever-so charming and increasingly famous Eleonor Wong who is the hotel's heart and soul - and those I saw less frequently but who were equally helpful. I would go as far as saying that if the staff were placed in the worse-performing hotel in Hawaii, it wouldn't surprise me to see it rising rapidly thru the rankings.The hotel's lobby was being renovated while I was there, but it's due to be completed in January 2008. The work is only carried out in business hours during the week and besides the hotel entrance you wouldn't notice much around the building, except the odd workman in the liftThis hotel and the staff are unique and it's the only place I will ever stay at in Honolulu. I highly recommend the hotel!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lovehonolulu
<Content>Loved aqua ocean tower This is my first visit to honolulu with boy friend, we stayed in Aqua Ocean Tower for 6 nights. We chose this hotel based on many positive reviews of this web site. We stayed on the fifth floor, the hotel room just finished renovation. It is nice, clean and cozy. Leonor Wong was great and other staff were really helpful. When we went swimming, we got new towels and borrowed the boogie boards. The only thing I don't like is we couldn't get online more than 5 mins when using our lap top. The staff was helpful, he gave us the modem to try, but we still had the same problem. Probably, the hotel is still under renovation. Other than that, I love aqua ocean tower and love hawaii. I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again in the near future.Suki and Ed  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GuyaneseDream
<Content>Made us feel like family! My wife and I (in our late-20s and from Toronto, Canada) stayed here at the end of November.This hotel has now been renamed Hotel Renew. During our stay they were completing renovations in the common areas (front desk, hallways, backlot), which created some noise in the mornings but it was well worth it!Location: Excellent location sitting only one block up from the beach at the east end of the Waikiki main strip. You can walk anywhere you need to get along the main strip and the bus stop to get to farther destinations is one block north of the hotel. Transit is very cheap and convenient on Oahu at only $2 per adult for unlimited trip length.Staff: Where do we begin?! Leanor Wong and her staff were absolutely amazing. We have never stayed at a hotel where we felt like family instead of just hotel guests. She sat with guests at breakfast (which was complimentary) and chatted about things to do and places to see. She genuinely cared about each guest in the hotel and gave us Christmas gifts of chocolate and jam before we left. When we were leaving for the airport, she even walked us to our car.Rooms:A number of the rooms have been upgraded with excellent design and decor. Finally, a hotel in Hawaii where you can actually find modern rooms with chocolate brown wood, very comfortable matresses/sheets/pillows and NO cheesy comforters with palm trees! Also, you get free internet access, local calls and toll-free calling, which you do not find at other hotels.Amenities:This hotel doesn't have the frills of other hotels in the common areas but it more than makes up for it with the friendliness of the staff and large/modern rooms. Also, it is right on the main strip so there are many other activities and restaurants to choose. As a general comment, the hallways and elevators could use some upgrading in the future.On our next stay in Honolulu, we would not hesitate to stay again at Hotel Renew!!!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>AG808
<Content>You will not be disappointed The new rooms are delightful little refuges from the streets of Waikiki. It was amazingly quiet and peaceful there, even though there is work being done on the hotel. The personal attention from the staff is world class. The room layout gives evidence of thoughtful design, the use of space and choice in materials as well. You will not be disappointed with the interior of the rooms, although the hotel itself is still undergoing a face-lift. Lenor Wong is the ambassador of aloha!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Britpacker
<Content>Superb! We stayed at the Aqua Ocean Tower twice in the same month - we took a week out to go to Maui (and got married) and were so impressed we arranged to stay again when we returned.From our first arrival we were very impressed with the friendliness and courtesy of the staff who couldn't have been more helpful. Even though the hotel is going through a transition period of rooms being remodelled it was a never an inconvenience and if there were any issues you could feel confident that they would be remedied straight away.Angie, Grace, Keenan and Sam desere a mention for being so professional and cheerful, and for answering any queries we may have had. A particular mention must go to Leonor for being such a fantastic host to us - she made us feel very special, with treats and fresh fruit being left in our room, hugs to say hi and such a genuinely thoughtful and caring attitude to her guests and their stay that my wife and I have never experienced anywhere else. When we mentioned that we had been married on Maui we found that Champagne had been delivered to our room which was a really nice gesture and pleasant suprise. She's a real gem and very much an asset to the hotel and really made our stay that much more memorable.The hotel's location is literally just a short walk from the beach with the added benefit of a nearby regular trolly service to the Ala Moana shopping centre stopping every few minutes if needed.Body boards and towels etc. could be borrowed from the reception which was very handy.The new rooms are very stylish and totally up to date with LCD TV with attached PC and remote control lighting.All in all it was a great stay and we will most certainly be back when we can!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SydneyMaz
<Content>Wonderful boutique hotel, great location and excellent staff! The hotel is just completing refurbishment that will be outstanding when completed. We arrived during this phase and were treated with incredible hosptiality and we were welcomed to see lovely brand new rooms (all rooms are like this now). Very much acool NY boutique style accomodation with all the little small add-ons to make the room a great place to rest your head and hang out. The staff were all 10 out of 10 and helped us every way in particular wonderful Leonor! The location of the hotel is perfect just slighly away from all the traffic at the best end of Waikaki beach....all in all it was an exceptional place and very very reasonable cost. We liked it so much that we changed our travel plans to spend additional nights in the hotel.....its a must stay!!!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MN_Nelly
<Content>Fabulous! My husband and I recently returned from HI and I wanted to share about our experience at the Ocean Tower. While we were a little confused about how to find the lobby (it is under construction and the sign directing you to the second floor was hard to see from the street), once we were greeted and checked in to our room (a few hours early), we were very pleased.The new rooms are beautiful! The beds are VERY comfortable - soft sheets, heavenly beds. Everything is very modern. . .didn't realize we had a fridge until the day we left - oh well.Everyone working at the hotel was friendly and helpful - especially Leonor - she made our stay very special! We requested a late (8 PM) check out on Thanksgiving and Leonor made sure we were taken care of. I was very surprised when we returned from the beach that day and were invited to have turkey dinner at the hotel - homemade pumpkin pie and all!!Once all the construction is complete at this hotel, I hope that they continue to provide an excellent level of service. When we plan our next anniversary trip to HI, we'll be sure to stay at the Ocean Tower!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	2	5	3	

<Author>evunia
<Content>A Gem waiting to be discovered! We stayed at the Aqua Ocean tower for 6 nights in September for out honeymoon, then one night upon our return from Maui in October.I have to say that my stay at the aqua tower was single-handedly the most memorable stay at a hotel that I have ever experienced! Its no wonder why a little 3 star hotel can top the Trip advisor charts and boost its reputation from #68 to #1. This 72-room hotel is truly a little gem waiting to be discovered! The hotel is currently undergoing renovations to modernize it from average hotel to ultra Maude. At the time the first 3 floors were completed with the renovations. We stayed on the 9th floor overlooking the ocean. Even though it was an older room it was extremely clean. It was also a perfect view of the ocean. The rooms are clean with all the amenities one could expect from a hotel.  The staff is friendly right from the front desk experience to the cleaning staff. They will do whatever they can to accommodate and make you feel like an actual 'guest' The hotel manager, Leonor Wong deserves a line all her own鈥? Even an entire page to describe how truly wonderful and caring she is as a manager. Leonor makes herself known to her guests and makes a point of knowing her guests. She is a unique manager that actually cares about her guests and their accommodations and their overall trip to Hawaii. She makes herself available and will often be found conversing with her guests at all hours, even past her regularly scheduled work hours.The hotel is located one block from the beach and positioned between two hotels 鈥?the Waikiki Marriot and Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Hotel. It really is an understatement to say one block from the beach, as it is merely just steps away from it and the Ala Moana strip.  The hotel does provide a continental breakfast in the morning, with pastries, toast, juice, coffee and tea. It does not have an onsite restaurant, but this is Waikiki with many options of food just steps away from the hotel. Situated next door is a Wolfgang puck express and of course one of many ABC stores.  The hotel provides beach towels, boogie boards and beach mats at the front dest 鈥?all you have to do is ask.  Parking is available at the hotel, but the staff is more then willing to provide you with a map to another hotel parking complex one block away for less expensive and more available parking lot with in and out privileges. The value for the rooms is a great bargain all around for couples or families looking to enjoy the beauty that Waikiki and Oahu have to offer. On our trip we stayed at the Ocean Tower twice, and will gladly return to this destination rather than some overpriced resort with low client service鈥? We hope you feel the same.Enjoy your stay in Hawaii and the Aqua Ocean Tower!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChileConcha
<Content>Excellent Stay Celebrating our 7th year wedding anniversary back in Hawaii for the second time, we stayed at this wonderful and accomodating hotel soon to be called Hotel Renew. We had such a great stay that we decided to extend our trip for an extra couple of days. One of our main reasons for our extenstion was the great customer service we received from the staff in general. Especially Leonor Wong who made it her task to ensure that our stay was perfect, which it was. She made us feel comfortable and welcome everyday and her hugs were well received every time. We also would like to acknowledge the amazing help that Grace and Keenan provided us during our holidays. Even though the hotel is still under renovations, the rooms are modern, clean and comfortable. This nine storey hotel is close to the ocean, shopping, restaurants and everything else that goes on in Waikiki. We even enjoyed the live music that came from the restaurant close by everyday. We recommend this hotel to our friends and others. We are definitely coming back in the near future. Thanks to the staff for an outstanding job. Iva and Sergio  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sam654
<Content>Best hotel in Waikiki The hotel was a little more than I've been paying over the last 60 days that I've been travelling (not much though, but travelling I'm trying to keep to a budget), but my god, was it worth it, oh yes.Big balcony with a nice view of the beach.Modern room and really helpful staff. I was asking them to copy, fax, print documents. I was able to borrow all the bits you usually need for the beach, towels etc. which was great.I've been missing breakfast most mornings, but I made it to breakfast one day and it was the best thing I did. Got loads of tips about where to go, what transport to get and they let me have use of my room until my flight left... at midnight! How good is that?I really loved this hotel and would recommend it to anyone and everyone. I will be going back to Hawaii and will be booking my room here in advance.I'm just sad that I didn't stay longer and sad that this wasn't the first hotel I stayed at in Waikiki. The first hotel wasn't good!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AmyTokyo
<Content>Thank you very much !! My husband, 6-years old daughter and I stayed at Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel for 7 nights.This was our first family abroad trip, and we planned to cerabrate both my birthday and our 10th anniversary.We had requested the ocean delax room with balcony when we had booked, but we were assaigned the room with no balcony.(507)My husband and daughter were so dissapointed, because they had been looking forward to watching Diamond head from balcony.The room was renovated, clean and comfortable,and a bottle of welcome champagne was waiting for us.We had the king size bed, so that we could sleep together like Chainese character river.( my daughter was so glad.)Hotel staffs were very nice and friendly, especially Leonor was wonderful!She talked to us and gave us many kinds of imformation every day. Surprisingly, she gave me a nice red wine and a box of chocorate on my birthday. I was so glad her mind.When we were leaving, she came to the entrance to say good-by to us. We were so deeply moved her hospitality.The location was perfect. The bus stop, ABC store, many restaurants and beach is very near.They provided us beach towels, beach mats, boogie boads, toys, tubes, so that we could go to beach and have fun and relax every day.Anyway, We were very satisfied and had a wonderful family trip! I highly recommend this hotel.Thank you for Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>alineinc
<Content>Loved Aqua Ocean Tower I just returned from Waikiki and a stay at Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel. Although the hotel was not completed, the experience was wonderful. Everyone including the security guards are incredibly nice people. The guest staff especially Lenore Wong were so kind and warm. She went that extra step, lets say mile, to make sure we were happy and comfortable. She made homemade desserts, sent up special treats to our room, made a package of goodies to take to the airport. Lenore is that person you always hope to meet when you are away. Always happy and cheerful she makes you feel comfortable right away.I will go back to this hotel again. I can't say enough about them. 1/2 block from the beach. Clean, friendly, super cool interiors with plasma screen cable. It was very nice and affordable.We will plan our next trip soon.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>foxyphil
<Content>Disappointing stay at the Ocean Tower We stayed here for two nights in early November and it became clear when we arrived that there were renovation works taking place at the hotel on certain floors.We were placed on the 9th floor (top floor) which hadn't yet received any renovation and we were clearly given the short straw in rooms ! The room itself was small and dingy and we seemed to be the only people on our floor as a number of other rooms' peep holes were missing so you could actually peer into bare rooms. There was also damp on the walls near the lift which made the whole feel of the floor really grotty.The advertised Ocean View is actually around a 50m stretch of visible ocean wedged between two tall buildings either side, as the hotel is actually not located on the ocean front but set back around 50-75m from the main ocean road. Be warned !The reception area is well overdue a renovation in its own right and the lifts were really dirty, obviously from the workmen who were going up and down them during the day.We booked this hotel on the basis of some earlier positive reviews, but were ourselves very disappointed with this hotel. Maybe this will change once all the renovations are completed.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>SFO-World-Traveller
<Content>On its way to being nice... I stayed two nights at Ocean Tower before Thanksgiving based on the many positive reviews of the property here. I chose it for the location and the size - I did not want a big mega-resort property with all its attendant problems and crowding. When I arrived at night and the taxi pulled up to the property, I thought to myself this must be a mistake. The building looks like any other mid-sized apartment building in Honolulu. The lobby was closed off for renovation and the security agent directed me upstairs to the second floor for check-in. They are clearly in the midst of a major overhaul! Reception is currently in one hotel room while breakfast is across the hall in another. My room was one of the new preview rooms - I have to say, the design is quite lovely and they gave me an ocean view room that was both quiet and cozy. I found the smells of the paint and new carpet too much to bear - it made my eyes water and I had to open the windows to get some fresh air in. The cool Waikiki nights made that a pleasant option anyway.The staff are really very nice and helpful. I was concerned that on the two days I was there I only saw a bellman/security downstairs at the entry once - anyone could enter the hotel and go to any floor. Given all that, I might recommend waiting until the remodel is complete before giving them a second shot - all in all it's a lovely small property with a lot to offer. My gut feeling is they should have closed for the renovations - it's noisy and quite inconvenient at the moment.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	5	3	

<Author>kblack1009
<Content>Loved the fun friendly atmosphere provided by Ms lenor Wong and all the staff My second visit to the Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel on Waikiki Beach...Ms Lenor Wong as well as all the friendly staff provided excellent customer service..above and beyond all expectations.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlennerChicago
<Content>Great start to married life! We flew to Oahu to start our 10 day vacation in Hawaii, and spent 2 nights at the Ocean Tower, before going on to the next island. The place was clean, the staff friendly and very helpful. We would gladly stay there again and recommend it to anyone who wants a good deal for their $, The location is great! It's a block from Waikiki beach, actually closer than some parts of the Marriott Waikiki which spans a block across the street. We could see the beach from our balcony, but who goes to look at a beach from their hotel room? We got married on the beach, had dinner at the Kahala, and the staff at Ocean Tower helped us celebrate with Champagne!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mythrenegade
<Content>Great Service, older facility This review is long overdue. The Aqua Ocean Tower was an anomaly. The staff was a ten, but I'd give the facility a 4. It was under renovation at the time, so perhaps things are better, but I never did see a remodeled room so I don't know what the new ones are supposed to be like.Our first room had a very strong smell of urine coming from the bathroom, so we asked for another room. The second room smelled very badly of mold, the air conditioner was leaking and created a large pool of water by the window. Not good.After some work, they found a third room for us. This room was ok. The elevators were very small, and the rooms were small. The biggest problem we found was that the ocean view rooms have no balcony (Lanai in hawaii speak). This would be ok except that the windows are too high to see out of while you sit down. As a result, the ocean view room is pretty pointless unless you plan to stand at the window all day or night.Another problem was that there was no power anywhere in the room. Charging a cellphone, digital camera and video camera was nearly impossible in this hotel. Perhaps this will be changed in the remodel, but the power was a very real problem. We made it work, but it wasn't simple.The hotel is located about a block from the ocean, next to a resort quest facility and across the street from the Marriott. At the end of the street is a nice section of Waikiki that has a protected area for swimming. This is great if you have kids, not so great if you like to swim in the surf (as I do). There is no pool, and you should not stay at this hotel if you expect anything other than a place to sleep.The staff was the saving grace of this hotel. Terry and Leonore were simply outstanding at making us feel welcome, at home, and comfortable. I really can't emphasize enough how much of a difference they made. I would give the Ocean Tower another chance, knowing that they were renovating the rooms. I wouldn't pay for an ocean view though.Overall this is a difficult rating to make. The facility wasn't great, but the staff was. This was ultimately a bargain hotel for us, and that was good. We were able to enjoy Waikiki for about a third of what we paid to stay at the Moana Surfrider the last time we were in Hawaii. If you are simply looking for a place to crash, this might be your hotel.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>flockie
<Content>A Hotel That Gets It Right We had a great week staying at this hotel although we were initially disappointed. We had booked a renovated room only to find that they had started at the lowest floors and were working their way up. Consequently our room looked out onto two parkades...not exactly romantic considering this was an anniversary trip. The hotel has a great location near the park and Diamond Head and the room itself was great...very high tech but also very comfortable. But we still might have moved elsewhere if not for the genuine warmth and graciousness of the staff...all of the staff. Lenore Wong of course was an extra bright spot and the one that took great pains to look after us...wine, chocolates, and then a move midweek to a 5th floor renovated room with an ocean view...just finished...I believe we were the first occupants. We were more than satisfied and I highly recommend their higher level rooms if you like a bit of view. Other hotels also have views and comfort. However it is seldom you get the kind of personalized customer service these people specialize in...absolutely remarkable....and it makes them stand out from the rest. Kudos to Lenore, Pearl and all the staff! And when the renos are complete, it'll be perfect.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveljenny
<Content>exceptional customer service       welcome...  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>JCVNewYork_NY
<Content>Quiet Refuge I stayed here 4 nights, and I couldn't have been happier. The newly renovated room was spacious,understated Asian decor, and loaded with all the amenities - wireless, flat panel TV, complimentary computer, desk with many electric outlets, chair and ottoman, brand new bathroom, A/C. I was upgraded to a room with a terrace/balcony with table and two chairs. There's no view (a sliver of the beach), and the street can be noisy at times, but close the slider to the terrace, and it's perfectly quiet. The beach is 2 minutes away. It's a ten minute walk to the fancy hotels and the crowds, which for me was a major plus. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Honu77
<Content>Ocean Tower is our only place to call home!       from the window  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BusinessTraveler522
<Content>Client Service Redefined! How do you keep clients delighted and the hotel full during a major renovation? You throw Leonor Wong of Ocean Tower Hotel right in the middle of it.I travel for business every week (200+ hotel nights a year) and usually the last thing I want to see is construction going on the hotel I'm staying at. Arriving at the Ocean Tower, the lobby was torn apart but before I could get the look of discust off my face, Leonor had a cold bottle of water in my hands and I was on my way to a very quiet, cool, renovated room. Everything worked and was sparkling clean. The view of Waikiki beach out of my window wasn't bad either. The location is within steps of the beach and several great local's resturants.I had a red eye flight on Friday night back to the mainland so inquired about a late check out. Even though the hotel was totally booked, it was not problem for Leonor. She had one of the rooms that was close to having the renovation completed, cleaned and furnished so I could stay a few extra hours - no charge. WOW! When do you see that happen.I highly recommend this hotel. Perfect location for business or vacation and customer service beyond compare.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>pearlcitykid
<Content>Loved the Ocean Tower Hotel at Waikiki Beach Nov 12,07 Trip Advisor User Reviewer-Terrific bargain rate for three rooms for four days while attending a Waikiki wedding last week. The beach is less than a block away and trolley to Ala Moana shopping Center close to hotel. Entire staff at hotel friendly and helpful.Local paper free every day including Sunday and free continental breakfast excellent. Rooms and bedding more than adequate. Will surely return to this hotel.Aloha Nui.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clydei
<Content>Great value I spent a week in early November 2007 in room 906 which was a nice corner room with a great ocean view and a lanai. The top floor was being renovated and so I was the only occupant on the floor, this meant it was nice and quiet at night and since I was gon during the day who knows if it was noisy then.The staff was friendly and helpful without being intrusive, they even handled my arrival a couple of hours before the 3 pm check in time and got me into my room right away.I can't recommend them highly enough  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>brndnwlsn
<Content>Great Experience, The Best Value in Waikiki       Us with Leonor before our luau  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bajabob
<Content>Great staff, great location, great price! We had a great stay! We stayed at the Aqua Ocean Tower hotel in Waikiki last week and had a pleasant stay. The Aqua Ocean is an older hotel located behind the ResortQuest hotel right across the street from the beach. I arrived on Thursday evening to find (surprise!) that major renovation work was being done on the lobby and many of the guest suites. We had not been contacted ahead of time by the resort regarding the renovation project and this wasn't a big deal for me but I do know some travelers who would have been put off by this. We headed up to the temporary front desk quarters located on the 2nd floor and were warmly greeted by Lenore Wong and her staff. We were really treated like family by the staff who were very accommodating and really wanted us to feel at home. About the hotel. The Aqua is an older 9 story hotel located in a great downtown Waikiki area, just a few steps to the beach and surrounded by great shopping, dining and convenience stores. The Aqua does not have a pool or restaurant but close proximity to the beach and a great restaurant next door is satisfactory for most guests. Our room was one of the older rooms which are slated to be refurbished. It had twin beds, a noisy AC unit which kept us from achieving REM sleep, a mini-frig and a good sized bathroom with a tub and shower. Ocean views and a TV with cable. Continental breakfast with great pastries, fresh fruit, and coffee, tea, juice. The best part about the room was the price, 99.00/night with a free night stay if you book for 5 nights.  The newly refurbished rooms are very nice with a big LCD tv and pc with internet access, nice king bed and nice furniture. I don't' know what the price on the newly refurbished rooms will be but they may be around 150.00 or so a night; this may be ok but not a smokin' deal due to the lack of onsight amenities. But then you wouldn't be getting the superior service from Lenore and her staff so that is something to factor in also.Would we stay there again? Surely, especially if they manage to keep the rooms at the great prices we were attracted to in the first place and if they continue to offer internet specials. The Bad...The renovation project is ongoing and while the place was in desperate need of a facelift, it is an inconvenience for travelers to have to share the place with contractors/workers who are trying to get the job done. We came back to our room one morning and the door was cracked open and the housestaff was vacuuming the hallway with an extension cord plugged into our bathroom. Not a great thought when we had our pcs and digital SLRs lying about the place (our fault but we were on vacation).The Good...Staff, Location and Lenore. What else can we say! Thanks for a great week and Mahalo!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>tysonwalker
<Content>Loved this Place Stayed at this hotel in Nov 07, amazing rooms - great people and so close to Waikiki beach.. highly recommended as prob best chic hotel in honolulu...  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rhine1784
<Content>Above and beyond great customer service! We stayed at the Ocean Towers last weekend and what a pleasant stay it was. Leonor treats the guests like family!! We were given a newly remodeled room on the 4th floor and they are unbelievable. 32 flat screen with internet access and beautiful decor and lighting. We were celebrating our 1st anniversary and were treated to a bottle of champagne, chocolates and fruit. The staff at the hotel are just wonderful people. The fact that this hotel has only 70 rooms seems to put the focus completely on the guests. The location is extremely convenient, with Waikiki beach being less than 300 feet from the hotel door. Lots of shopping and dining all around. We will definitely be back again. Lots of a aloha from Ocean Towers!! Mahalo Leonor!!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>secondsoul
<Content>Best hotel ever! My wife and I traveled to Hawaii for our honeymoon; I found this hotel in expedia and saw it also #1 at tripadvisor, so I went ahead based on that. Well I have to say, I have never received such service and courtesy from any hotel, anywhere - ever. The rooms were fantastic, the hotel manager took care of us in every way possible, and made personally sure we were happy all of the time. Normally I view a hotel as just being a place to sleep whilst visiting somewhere, but the Ocean Tower augmented the stay into something really special. We will return to Honolulu, and I will stay here again for sure, absolutely. Thank you!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fraser82
<Content>Great Value for the Location       Sunset on Waikiki  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>aligntrainer
<Content>Love the new Decor and Leonor       View from the Balcony  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hawaii_Traveller2007
<Content>Hard to beat first class service at the Ocean Tower       Leonor is the best!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>michiganstategogreen
<Content>Thank you Leonor Wong and Ocean Tower staff!       Ocean View!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>wdld11
<Content>Excellent Customer Service! Our stay at Ocean Tower was an amazing experience. It was the best customer service we have ever received in any hotel, thanks to Leonor and her staff. My husband and I were celebrating our anniversary and Leonor and her staff upgraded our room and treated us as special guests of the hotel. We were introduced to the Hotel Manager and were given a tour of the future for the hotel. We also had the luxury of staying in one of the newly renovated rooms which have modern Asian d茅cor, flat screen tv with internet access and something I have never seen before in a hotel鈥?shelves in the bathroom! Leonor treated us to chocolates on our pillow and champagne for our anniversary and beautiful handmade leis. Ocean Tower is an amazing bargain that is accessible to all of Waikiki Beach and the staff really make you feel welcomed. We even hugged Leonor when we left!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WaStBeachbum
<Content>Still the best deal in Waikiki!!! Newly remodeled...Beautifully!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>miller5063
<Content>The Best Stay Ever We stayed on the top floor room 906 - which has a Lanai and a beautiful view, the price was excellent , they are redoing the rooms - but the staff is amazing - I mean they are the most friendly nice people I have had the pleasure to meet on any vacation I have gone on- Leonor a special KUDOS to you , you made a trip feel special.. Thank you  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lfreeland22
<Content>Awesome Hotel and Excellent Service! Staying at the Aqua Ocean Hotel was like visiting Grandma's house only in paradise and at a hotel. The staff and service were incredible, better than I have ever experienced at a hotel. I made several requests (late check-out, early check-in, re-modeled room, etc.). They made every effort to oblige and were incredibly gracious and friendly while doing it. It is the little things that make the difference to me like leaving little packages of MM's on our pillows or adjusting packages of plants left on the widow sill to sun so that they wouldn't fall, that make all the difference to me and the staff at the Aqua excels in this area. The service is five star quality but without the five star price. My husband was in Hawaii working; I flew in at the end of his trip to celebrate a belated honey moon/anniversary and like others, there was a bottle of champagne waiting in our room when we got there. I also was one of the lucky few who got to meet the infamous Lenore Wong. She was as amazing as everyone else has mentioned. I met her the morning that my husband and I went for a hike...we were lucky enough to walk out that morning with a loaf of her excellent mango bread and two bottles of water. She really is as devoted to both the hotel and guests as others have mentioned. The Aqua is lucky to have her.The hotel room was beautiful and elegant. The decor provides a sense of peace that I have not experienced at other hotels, which are decorated in traditional, dry, boring hotel style. The location is excellent, less than a half a block away from the beach and half a block away from CHEAP ($8.00 daily) parking (hard to find in Waikiki). The room was clean and the price was a bargain. Our visit to Hawaii was incredible. Our stay at the Aqua Ocean Towers was part of our experience and well beyond any of my expectations.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CMHtraveldude
<Content>Could not have asked for more I'll be honest .. when the taxi driver dropped me off in front and i saw the neon vacancy sign .. i could feel the blood rushing from my face in terror and honestly it scared the crap out of me (booking only the #1 ranking of tripadvisor.com, well and of course the great price) then i walked into the lobby and again a little leary .. then i heard .. welcome mr. xxxxxx .. i was keenan at the front desk calling me by name with a really nice smile .. please have a seat and we will get you all checked in .. well it was all uphill from there .. i did get one of the new rooms which are state of the art (although no ocean views were available the cityview suited me just fine, again i am not there to sit in the room .. although as comfortable as it was i totally thought about it) .. anyway .. good night sleep .. wake up the next morning and the room is still pitch black (which i love) .. decide to grab a cup of coffee and a muffin .. there is the most pleasant and nice person i have met (of course it is leonor wong) .. when i was reading the reviews i assumed this leonor wong was just an urban legend .. but everything everybody is saying is totally true .. i am totally a huuuuuuuuuuuuge fan of hers .. then she asks what room are you in .. i say 407 and from behind the front desk i hear oh mr. xxxxxxx glad you finally made it in last night .. i'm grace, how is everything .. is the room okay .. the woman who made my reservation again calling me by name .. totally caught me off guard .. leonor was there every morning to greet the guests and make sure we were comfortable .. of which i always stated of course i am .. how could i not be .. kudos to this wonderful staff and wonderful little gem in the middle of waikiki .. staying there really made me feel like part of a small family (without the fighting and gossiping) .. thanks again guys .. i had an awesome time ..  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdb200710
<Content>Loved It!! We loved our stay at Ocean Tower. We were on our honeymoon and we were treated like a couple on their honeymoon should! Free champagne, chocolates, upgrades... The staff was very friendly and helpful (thanks Leanor!). The rooms were awesome. Ultra modern decor, with state of the art conveniences like wall mounted flat screen tv, in room computer with free internet access, modern touch of the button lighting system. We felt like we were in an upscale showroom rather than a cost friendly hotel. The locations is also great: steps from the beach, stores and restaurants and your doorstep and the bus just one block away. The complimentary breakfast was also very nice. We stayed for 5 nights and then switched to a larger more well known hotel for are last 3 nights (previously booked) and wished we stayed longer at Ocean Tower. We will definitely be back!!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dashrink
<Content>Treated like family       Sunset, Waikiki Beach  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasEx23
<Content>Aloha Alive at Ocean Tower Hotel       View from Room  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>hawaiiman77
<Content>You call this renovated??? This place thinks it's like the W Hotel, but it's more like a James Beach with no amenities. There is no pool and barely any parking. I would highly recommend staying away from this hotel as it's a one-off rehab with no chain backing it.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ikarus65
<Content>Great Hospitality Best hospitality you'll find in Waikiki. Renovations are still ongoing. We stayed in one of the old corner rooms which had awesome views of both Diamond Head and the ocean. It did look like it could use the upgrade, though. We were shown a couple of the already renovated rooms and they don't disappoint. Very modern and fancy.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alliegirl2468
<Content>Ocean Tower Of Love!! We Absolutely Love, Love, Loved Aqua Ocean Towers!! The Rooms are gergous and modern. The hospitality was over beyond! It is a great location too! Just less then a block from the beach and entertainment. This was the best trip my husband and I had in a long time. The staff there was very curtious and helpfull, they gave us directions to things and even told of us places to go for fun! Overall if you are going to stay in Hawaii, Waikki, this is the hotel foe you!Very affordable and its everything and more from a hotel!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Personality
<Content>Small is best 6th October 2007This Hotel is a small complex centrally situated in Waikiki Beach in a quiet Avenue off the main street and within walking distance to all attractions and shopping.You have to meet the staff personally to understand and experience their sincere friendliness whether that be the receptionist, (who is on call 24/7 ) Mtce person, room maid or the executive housekeeper Leonor Wong, who is a real 'gem ' who makes you feel most welcome and is hell bent to ensure your stay with them is not only enjoyable but also memorable. We were undoubtedly treated as ' valuable customers ' unlike my experience in other Hotels world wide - once you have paid your money you are treated as a ' none entity.'  Well done Leonor, your warm sincere charming magnetised personality has endeared your self to both my wife and I. We will definitely be returning next year with one difference ........... we will be staying for a much longer period of time.My wife who is believe me most meticulous could not fault the cleanliness of your suites.As world wide experienced travellers an unconditional rating of 10 out of 10 is richly deserved. Keep it up Leonor your management skills are priceless.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EvieCalifornia
<Content>Aloha Spirit We had a good stay at the Ocean Tower hotel....great location and most of all....a wonderful staff. Had the pleasure of experiencing the renovated room.... relaxing decor and very comfortable bed. Renovations are ongoing on the upper floors with the promise of an awesome look and feel once completed. Through all improvements however, the one standout will always be the service cause it gives the hotel its personality. The Aloha Spirit was truly alive with the staff at Ocean Tower. And that makes the ultimate difference. Thanks to Terry, Leonor and all the staff from the Acevedo's of California.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iaiasun
<Content>wonderful stay perfect stay, great staff, was exactly what we were looking for! the hotel is ok is under renewing even if also the old rooms are nice. the staff is incredible so helpfull and so friendly. If I have to say something negative is just that the breakfast is not so rich and there is not a breakfast room. but thrust me the athmosphere is so worme that you just think how is nice to stay at your hotel.thank you for everything!!!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lollylegs
<Content>Great value hotel We are experienced travellers in our mid fifties from Australia and found this Hotel to be excellent value - just as reviewed on Tripadvisor. It was comfy, clean and cozy and the staff were extremely helpful. They accommodated our requests cheerfully and Leonora gave us an extraordinary welcome which we enjoyed. The Hotel is a short block from the less hectic end of Waikiki Beach and we stayed there twice recently. The complimentary continental breakfast was not just toast and coffee but actually pastries!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jenihalo
<Content>Great location and service I should start by saying that I work in the travel industry and travel a lot for my job. Needless to say, I stay in several different hotels around the country a month. I booked this hotel for my vacation based soley on the reviews here at TripAdvisor, and I was not disappointed AT ALL.1) I did stay in an older room because it was cheaper and frankly, we were on a budget. Yes, the stuff in the room is old. I don't know if I would call it shabby-just older. And spotless. Last night, I stayed in a Doubletree in San Francisco and it had tears in the carpet and cracks in the bathroom too-almost every hotel I stay in does. If you go expecting a perfect room for $90 a night on Waikiki beach, you're kidding yourself. In any case, the new rooms are beautiful and will be luxurious to stay in the next time I go back. Besides, a room in Waikiki is really just a place to crash, isn't it?2) The location was VERY acceptable-again, especially for the price I paid. It's about a block from the beach-and it's at the end of Waikiki beach rather than smack in the middle of it, which I preferred because it was much less crowded. I counted 3 ABC stores within a block of the hotel. There was also a Starbucks, a Subway, a Cold Stone, a Wolfgang Puck express, and a bar and grill type place all on the same block-not to mention all the stuff in the block next to us. Everything was in walking distance, and the bus stop was also about a block away-this bus stop has bus runs that take you to most of the major attractions-we used it to go to Hanauma Bay and Pearl Harbor pretty easily.3) The service was outstanding. Not only do I work in the travel industry, I work in the development of leadership for our customer service team-so I basically train people all day long on how to give excellent customer service. This team seems to have this down pat. Lenore is like the rock star of the group-everyone knows her and she makes it a point to know everyone else. One day, we came back and found chocolates in our room. On the day we were checking out, Lenore came to find us after we had checked out and put our stuff in one of the remodeled rooms that wasn't being used. We were able to relax and clean up before our red-eye flight home-and she insisted we stay in there as long as we needed to. Lenore had also made a special lei for my daughter for her birthday, and also gave her a plumeria necklace as a birthday gift. Terry, the hotel manager, made it a a point to come out and say goodbye as we were leaving. Everyone else was extremely helpful and polite. The continental breakfast was simple-coffee, pineapple juice, pastries, toast, and fruit-but neither of us is big morning eaters, so it was perfect. Besides, that's all a continental breakfast is supposed to be-bread, fruit, juice, and coffee.It's true that they ask guests to leave their reviews on TripAdvisor-which in my opinion, is just smart business. If you have a great product, why not ask people for referrals?  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FerretsElf
<Content>Excellent Customer Service and Care at the Aqua Ocean Tower We stayed here on the second leg of my boyfriend's big birthday trip. Upon arrival the staff took care to make this a very special stay. The staff overall was very attentive, especially with Leonor's customer-centric leadership. Do be sure to say hello to her. The details were well taken care of - no small feat during a major remodel. Speaking of the remodel, so far it is quite well done. The new rooms are beautiful, comfortable and make for a great retreat from the bustle. And yes, watch those bed corners. Overall, this was a great stay -- we will be coming back when in Waikiki. The service and focus on details makes this a great deal and well worth it!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>PHXTravelPro
<Content>Second Time at Ocean Tower       Toasting with Champagne from Leonor in remodled room at Ocean Tower  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>becca1637
<Content>Ocean Towers isn't just a hotel...its family!       Ocean tower  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aussi-traveller052
<Content>Lovely end to world tour South Coast AustraliaMy husband and I stayed at Ocean Tower Waikiki last week and it was wonderful. We had a room on the 9th floor (not yet renovated) but it was comfortable and the view was great. Only 5 mins to the warm water and sand, shopping and restaurants. The service was very welcoming and the champagne supplied on our arrival was much appreciated Leonor. A belated honeymoon after 34 years was made even better by this touch. We viewed the new rooms and the Japanese decor and facilities were exciting but I fear the prices of the rooms will never be the same for this little oasis at Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sailaway211
<Content>We miss Hawaii and the Aqua! My husband and I stayed at the Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel before our island cruise. We were at the hotel from September 14th through September 17th. I wanted our almost two week Hawaiian vacation to be really special so I booked one of the newly renovated rooms. We had two double beds (at our request - husband snores) on the second floor, with a regular TV not an LCD as the other new rooms had. No big deal just mentioning it. The newly renovated rooms are really nice and we paid $175.00 plus tax per night. The bathroom in our room had beautiful tile and a great shower. We had the pleasure of meeting Leonor during our stay. Leonor exemplifies the aloha spirit. We told her we had not seen each other on our 20th Annivesary, as I was out of town, so we celebrated it there. Leonor sent candy and Champagne to our room. She gave me a flower lei - which was my very first one. She put candies on our pillows with orchid petals. What special touches these things were. They really help to make your vacation memorable. The day we left we were supplied with towels for the beach and another new room to shower in before we left for the cruise. They also held our luggage for us. All of this for no charge. Upon leaving Leonor asked if we wanted bottled water or needed anything else. Her and Terry, the GM, went out to our rental car to see us off. Leonor gave us another box of candy to take on our cruise. I have to say, I have stayed many places, and in some really nice 5 star hotels (due to husbands work) and I loved the personal care that we received while staying at the Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel. We loved Hawaii, the Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel and our cruise. Until we meet again...........  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Mike2269k
<Content>A decent place to stay I stayed there for two nights in October and found the hotel to be a good and cheap place to stay. I am sure the trip advisor number 1 rating is a little high, but it helped when I choose the hotel in the first place.The hotel is 5 minutes walk from the beach, but not on the main strip.I booked the trip on the strength of the trip advisor comments and to be fair I wasn`t disappointed.Other comments about the breakfast are true, it is barely coffee, juice and a do-nut, however what you save in price at the hotel, you can splash out on a proper breakfast elsewhere.I had requested a rollaway bed and it was in the room when we arrived. Some other hotels on my holiday had forgotten the request.I had a room on the 9th floor, it had a good sea view. It was a little shabby, but everything worked and I have no complaints.The staff were helpful and it was no trouble for them to look after our bags after checkout as we had a late flight out of Hawaii.I would stay there again  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>HoustonScot
<Content>Richly Deserved No1 rating       view of new room 3  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>516
<Content>Be Careful!! Be very careful in booking a room at Aqua Resorts Ocean Tower.I booked our reservation several months ago, before some of the reviews referring to renovations. Also, I do not recall seeing contrasting pictures (new/old) on the hotel website at that time. The unrenovated rooms and hallways in this hotel are very dreary. The bedspread and draperies are old-fashioned and faded, the carpet is worn, and the furniture is chipped. The door of the mini-frig is badly chipped. The hallways are a drab, faded olive green and mustardcolor. The website describes the lobby as warm, but another word might be dated. The elevator is small and slow, although it does have the security feature of requiring a room key to operate.Although I requested a room with one king-size bed, we had two doublebeds. The reservation indicated that there would be a complimentary room upgrade upon availability and a welcome box of chocolates, but neither was forthcoming. The room was clean, however. When we arrived, family members were waiting for us, so I didn't takethe time to express my dismay. Later in the evening, I spoke with thefront desk clerk to say that the room was very old, not what I expected based on the fresh-looking website. He said that the hotel was being renovated, and I could upgrade to a renovated room for an additional $75/night. We were planning to be there only one night, it was already late, and we were tired after a long flight, so we declined.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>BigEye2Kauai
<Content>A Real Bargain We booked this hotel for a one night layover from Kauai to catch an early morning flight back to the mainland. We were half a block from the ocean, had a lanai viewing the Waikiki sunset (which was a pleasant surprise), and a comfortable bed for $113 tax included. We were pleased for the purpose we booked the room. Being quite small, the room may have been a little tight for a longer stay and there was some wear clearly visible (i.e. ironing board leg was bent/broken), no coffee maker in-room, and the continental breakfast is very basic. The service we experienced from EVERYONE we encountered was very friendly and helpful. If you have a short trip or don't plan on spending much time in your room other than sleeping, can't beat a deal like this. We would return.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fierros1
<Content>Soon to be named Hotel Renew The service was wonderful... the location is prime... the rooms are average but soon to be updated. We were given a tour of the completed rooms on a lower floor. The new rooms will have an asian theme, flat screen lcd or plasma tv's, and a killer mini bar.... They will be much nicer. We stayed 4 nights in an 8th floor Ocean view room.The husband and I were sooo very impressed with Lenore, (housekeeping manager) Tina, (our housekeeper)and the staff at the front desk. Any request was satisfied, they go out of their way to help.  We were able to walk almost everywhere we needed to go with little effort, and most Oahu tours will pick you and your party up right next to the hotel. No need for a car. We are going back as soon as we can!!!!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scrublee
<Content>Number 1 for a reason! Let me start off by saying that I've been a tripadvisor lurker for a couple years now. I'm constantly on tripadvisor before any vacation to see if there are any new posts or rankings. It wasn't until I received the amazing service from Leonor Wong and staff at the aqua ocean tower hotel that I have broken my tripadvisor silence.My wife and I were in hawaii for her sister's wedding which also coincided with our 1 year anniversary. Over 75% of the guests of the wedding booked with the Hawaii Prince, but I chose this hotel because of the Tripadvisor ratings. I don't regret my decision at all.My first night here, i was placed on the ninth floor in a relatively dated but clean room with a view. The room had a really nice balcony and it definitely suited our needs. Tina did an excellent job in keeping our room neat and clean, also leaving us little treats every day. On our second day we met Leonor Wong, and we finally understood why everyone rated this hotel number 1. She caught wind that it was our 1 year anniversary and left us champagne and chocolates in our room. She also hand delivered coffee to our room one morning (my wife loves her coffee) and her famous mango bread. On another day it was fruit, because she saw us eating bananas from chinatown. Everyday she found some way to make our stay here more enjoyable. The staff were always friendly and courteous - providing us with beach chairs, towels, and beach mats - directions to various places and tips for our stay here. We also got a chance to stay in a newly remodeled rooms - and they are gorgeous. The designs are simple, sleek and modern. The room had a LCD TV, one that I wanted to take home for myself. Our stay here was amazing! I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend and am looking forward to going back. The entire hotel staff including Terry (the GM) and especially Leonor Wong made our stay absolutely wonderful. If you're going to Oahu, definitely stay at this place.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tootalltraveler
<Content>Service Overshadowed Glitches My wife and I stayed 8 nights and overall we were satisfied with our stay. I booked based on Trip Advisor reviews and found most of the good reviews to be spot on but did have a few glitches. We stayed in one of the newly remodeled rooms on the second floor, Rm 205 I believe. Our room had a city view ( the side street facing a hostel). Not a concern at all as our time in the room was very limited. A couple items in our room didn't quite fit or match the other rooms described. For one the TV was a standard set which was bulky and stuck out into the walkway between the bed and desk. Not the LCD as I did see in another room as I walked by. It was obviously out of place. Again not a big deal just odd. Another more bothersome item was in the very nicely remodeled bathroom there was no fan, just the old screw type glass panel window that didn't close all the way. What made it bad was that because the window didn't close tight, you couldn't leave the bathroom door open to the room because the AC couldn't keep up. So we ended up with our own unwanted sauna adjacent to our room as you can imagine not very comfortable after showering or any other times. As others have pointed out the ice in the basement is a bit strange but not being in the room much... if you remember I suppose you could grab it as you arrive at the hotel before you go up to the room. The last item really exposed the great service that has been written about so many times here on TA. The new bed frames basically are flat wood with square corners that protrude a few inches past the corner of the mattress. You can only imagine the shin busting that happened...more than once. On our second morning we displayed our bruises and gouges to the front desk staff as we left for the day not knowing what if anything they could do about it. Upon our return later that evening we were shocked to find that the bed frame corners had been cut off and refinished eliminating the problem. We truly were wowed. Terry Dowsett, GM, really did a great job. Anytime we had contact with the staff they were always friendly and helpful and made us feel welcome. The treats and beverages almost each day were really a nice touch. Although I never had the pleasure of meeting Leonor Wong we certainly congratulate her and her staff for a job well done. We would stay again and not hesitate to recommend. The location is great with the beach 1/2 block away and cheap parking a 1/2 block the other way ($50 week).  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Mark_Alan
<Content>Spirit of True Aloha After a less than stellar experience at another budget hotel on my last visit, I decided to try the Ocean Tower. I normally stay at budget hotels in Waikiki, but have stayed at many hotels on the mainland, usually in 3 star, sometimes in 4 star and a 5 star on one special occasion.The service I experienced by all of the staff, from the front desk to housekeeping, was phenomenal. In my opinion, this isn't a case of service that is above expectation based on the price of the room, but a case of a group of people with genuine care for you as a guest. I would say they value your patronage. This is something that many service industry workers have forgotten, especially workers that know they will only be seeing you for that 1 week in their lifetime.I stayed in an older room with a view. I was offered a remodeled room without a view, but chose the older room due to all the 'new' smells. I didn't think my sinuses would handle it. Yes, the furnishings were a bit dated, but it was always exceptionally clean, thanks to Tina. Will I stay here again? Most likely. I say this because by the time I make my next trip to Oahu, the hotel will be done with it's remodel, and I'm sure the prices will be a bit higher. I may just stretch my budget though, the experience was wonderful.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>obrien513
<Content>Treated Like Royalty My wife and I received the red carpet treatment here. Leonore Wong, the Executive Housekeeper welcomed us with a bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice with glass champagne glasses, orchids and flowers in the room, and turndown service with an orchid and chocolate on the pillow. We stayed in one of the recently remodeled rooms which included a LCD wall mounted television and beautiful shower with one of the best shower heads we ever experienced. Upon our return from staying in Maui Leonore greeted us again with a room with a magnificient view of both Waikiki beach and Diamondhead. Lenore suprised us again with a bottle of wine in an ice bucket. The beds in both the remodeled and the yet to be remodeled rooms were very comfortable. The hospitality here is the best we have ever experienced as we have travelled all over the world. The front desk staff was very helpul giving us local directions as well as supplying us with beach equipment and arranging our ground transportation to the airport. Upon our departure we were escorted to our airport shuttle by Lenore and the manager with complimentary water in our hands and Lenore helping with our luggage. I highly recommend this hotel both for the hospitality and location which is one block from Waikiki beach. We would definitely return here again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>travlerPa
<Content>Wonderful,Great Great Hospitality I first had made a reservation near the airport,because that is what I thought I would need for convenience.When booking my tours,there was no pick-up by the tour company in that area.The lady at the tour company suggested Waikiki,she had informed me of how easy it was to get from the airport,and inexpensive .So I started my search over,somehow I stumbled on the Trip Advisor site.I saw this hotel read the info,cost,and reviews:thought it was to good to be true.I called the number,made my reservations.It was wonderful from that first phonecall.We got home today and I'm still in awe of how great everyone was there,and how they treated us.We were only there for 2 nights,you would have thought we were the king and queen.They treated us special as I saw them treating all their guests.If we needed something we had it in a matter of minutes.We had a tour booked Saturday morning at 6:15 and our flight was early evening 7:50pm.We checked out at 5:30am as we knew we would not be back before check out time,and that is what anyother hotel would have expected.They stored our luggage til we were ready to leave for our flight.When we returned from our tour they offered us a place to shower or lie down til our shuttle to the airport,she gave us a bottle of water as we waited for the shuttle.Ithink I could write a book on there hospitality in 2 days.THEY KNEW OUR NAMES AND ACKNOWLEDGED US EACH TIME WE CAME IN THE LOBBY.The room was an older room,and I was offered an upgrade,which I declined.We enjoyed the room we had on the 9th floor,balcony and view GREAT.The room wasn't overly fancy,but very neat and clean.I would HIGHLY reccomend this hotel to my family or friends if coming to Hawaii.5*****  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ciganos
<Content>There's a reason why Ocean Tower is rated #1 on Trip Advisor       View from our lanai  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pbur
<Content>A treasure on Waikiki       view from our window at Ocean Tower  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>singinggigi
<Content>Excellent Price Performance, Great Service and Location       View from my room  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>JoanEugeneOregon
<Content>Great Staff and Great Changes at the Ocean Tower!       bed and chair  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>markinmi
<Content>Great deal, perfect location and wonderful service! Leonor rocks! We stayed at the Aqua Ocean Tower from August 11-13, 2007. We stayed on the 6th floor and had a nice ocean view, however, we only used the hotel room to sleep in so the room view was not a priority. The room was clean which is the #1 priority for us. Sure the carpet and bedding looked dated, but it was clean and acceptable. The location is perfect as the beach is right across the street and Waikiki is a very walkable area.We did have an issue with a humming/wheezing noise that was coming from behind a wall. We guessed it was a plumbing issue with the room next door as it only came on in the morning (presumably when our neighbor was taking a shower). We were already up when we heard it so it was not a big deal to us. We brought it to the staff's attention and immediately a handyman was investigating the issue. It was a nice surprise to find a box of chocolates in our room from Leonor for our inconvenience. It was really not a big deal.We also got a sneak peek at the renovated rooms. Love the design and colors. The room looked great and we look forward to staying there on our next trip.Overall the Aqua Ocean Tower is a great deal considering the location and the staff is WONDERFUL. Leonor and the staff personify the Aloha spirit. Mahalo Leonor, Grace and all the staff!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cold_Ohio
<Content>There's a reason it's #1!       Leonor Wong  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ellinda
<Content>An experience to cherish We arrived with trepidation because we were told the hotel was currently being refurbished and that not all rooms were completed. We were pleasantly surprised to find the room clean, comfortable and well equipped with every necessity. When we were given an upgrade to a freshly completed refurbished unit, we could not believe the incredible transformation the existing room had undergone! As an industrial designer, I was totally impressed....and grateful..... for the excellence of design, the contemporary impact of interior details and added sense of space.We were particularly struck by the warm and caring attention given by the staff, particularly by the ebullient Leonor Wong. Location, location, location! How perfect to be just a half a block from nature's perfect family beach protected by a breakwater.Aqua Ocean Tower has an ambience, a personna, a presence of an intimate retreat. Also, very affordable.Mahalo for a couldn't -be-better experience!Sam and Betsy Han  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JeffCanada
<Content>Great stay at Ocean Tower       209  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>rwc52278
<Content>Very limited parking Nice hotel with friendly staff, however the ice machine is located in the basement. On my floor the hall carpet was very worn, but it looks like the hotel is being rejuvinated floor by floor. My only dislike is that there is absolutely no parking in front of the hotel to unload your luggage. There is a 3 minute loading zone but a taxi was parked there.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Car_Jam1
<Content>Outstanding in every way My wife and I stayed in the Ocean Tower Hotel for a week at the start of our honeymoon and then a single night at the end of our stay in Hawaii before heading on to San Francisco. We booked the hotel largely on the basis of the reports we read on this page, and we could not have been happier with our decision.First the easy bit: the hotel is fantastically located, spotlessly clean, well staffed and has pleasant and well sized rooms. We stayed in both the unrenovated and recently renovated rooms. The older furnishings were acceptable in every single way for a hotel in this price range. The newer rooms far exceed what you would expect for this price bracket in terms of design, materials and finish. In addition to the excellent rooms, the hotel also offers a welcome complementary continental breakfast in the lobby every morning - a great money saver in pricey Waikiki.However, where this hotel comes into its own is in its customer service. When my wife and I arrived in the hotel there was a bottle of champagne and chocolates waiting in the room. When my wife got sick within 24hours of being in Hawaii and needed to be hospitalised (!) the hotel's staff were helpful to the extent of picking us up from the hospital, providing free water and fruit and even taking us to the airport at the end of our stay on Oahu. We were looked after as though we were family, and there can be no higher praise than that. Leonor is the key to this. She is an incredible asset to the hotel and she is worth at least double whatever she is being paid! She and her staff are a credit to the hotel and the company. We have recommended this hotel to everyone we can and would stay again without any hesitation.Thank you Ocean Tower.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dcsguy
<Content>Aqua Ocean Tower is the best!       Aqua New Room2  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>usagary
<Content>Sets a New Standard for Value Hotels The Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel was a one-night destination on Oahu before going to Maui. I can say for the price, service and location, this hotel can鈥檛 be beat.We arrived very late one evening after a dreadfully long flight to Honolulu. We took the shuttle bus to the hotel. The front desk lady mentioned us BY NAME when we approached the front desk and made us feel very welcome. Check in took just minutes. I mentioned that we had an early morning flight to Maui and she offered to schedule a cab for us (since the shuttle would run too late), and would give us a wake up call in time. The elevators require a room key to access which made us feel good about safety. Our room was in good repair and very clean. It鈥檚 not the Ritz, but you don鈥檛 get the Ritz for about $100 per night either. We promptly got our wake up call but being very tired we dozed back off to sleep. 15 minutes later we got a second automated wake up call. We arose and began to prepare to leave. About 5 minutes before leaving the room, we got yet another call. This time it was the front desk 鈥?same lady who checked us in the night before. She said she just wanted to make sure we had made it up so we wouldn鈥檛 miss our flight. When we let her know we would be down in 5 minutes, we said she would call a cab. 5 minutes later we checked out and she had the cab waiting for us. What great service!If you鈥檙e looking for a place near Waikiki beach and don鈥檛 want to break the bank and get personalized service all at the same time, I would highly recommend the Aqua Ocean Tower. I cannot imagine a scenario where they could have done better for us.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Italian-UK-Couple
<Content>Fantastic Value on Waikiki We spent 5 days at this hotel in August 2007 and will be looking no further when we return to Honolulu. The hotel is quite small for Waikiki and some rooms are a little dated (because the hotel is being renovated). It doesn't have a swimming pool or a restaurant but we'd actually call this an advantage. With Waikiki Beach right on your doorstep and so many alternatives for evening entertainment, who wants to spend all their time in the hotel any way ? The location is simply perfect and the staff must be among the friendliest and most helpful we have ever come across. They do everything to help you enjoy your stay. The desk staff are great but if you need anything special ask for Leonor who will go out of her way to get what you need. We looked around at some alternatives but we reckon this is the best value hotel on the beach front and cannot recommend it highly enough.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>avaheh
<Content>Perfect stay, wonderful service, reviews were accurate This hotel reviews are exactly on target, this hotel is 1/2 block from Waikiki Beach, has excellent customer service and is the best VALUE in Honolulu. We stayed for three nights8/27-8/30/07. The hotel is behind the ResortQuest Waikiki and across from the Waikiki Mariott which are 3 and 4 times the price. We stayed in room 903 which was a double room, older but very clean and Tina the housekeeper did a wonderful job. There was a refrig in the room and free wireless internet. The lower floors are being completely renovated in a modern sleek asian style. The continental breakfast consists of coffee, tea, juice and danish/muffins etc. but is fine for a quick start. There is not a pool but the beach is 1/2 block away. Lenore is Excellent and bends over backwards to accomodate you. She was quick to give us beach chairs, beach towels, boogie boards and every day left my 10 year old a surprise chocolate or lei. Grace at the front desk and Terry the manager also could not have been more pleasant and helpful. There are only a few parking spots on site and they were reserving them for the contractors, but the public parking lot was only one block away and was only $8 per day (when the hotel has parking they charge $15 per day). If you are looking to lounge around a pool or stay in a resort type hotel book elsewhere but if you want excellent customer service, a clean room and convenient location then look no further.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>anushka_sha
<Content>Super Location, Excellent Customer Service, Cool Renovated Rooms! We just got back from our 5-night stay at Ocean Tower. It was an amazing experience! This hotel is located a half of block from the ocean. Plus, everything (ABC stores,bars, restaurants) is very close. The hotel's crew is VERY HELPFUL. Leonor rocks! Make sure to get the renovated room because they are so amazing (Japanese style). THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR PROVIDING HOME FOR US!Hanna, San Francisco,CA  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alena39
<Content>Great Location and Great Hospitality This hotel was GREAT! The location was perfect and in a safe area! Kids walked to beach and surfed Waikiki. The beach was just steps away. Catching the bus for transportation to Pearl Harbor, Diamond Head and Ala Moana Shopping Center were very convenient. The front desk was very polite and very helpful with directions, bus lines, maps and prompt shuttle reservations. Ms. Leonor Wong was very professional, courteous and attentive to all of our family needs. She made you feel like family and looked forward to seeing you again. We would definitely stay at the Ocean Tower Hotel again. Thank you for your awesome hospitality and personal attention! Mahalo from the DelMonaco's.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>feehow
<Content>Great friendly service We stayed at The Ocean Tower on the 23rd August 2007. Our room was on the 6th floor with a fantastic view over the beach. We booked this hotel as it was in a fantastic location and very reasonably priced. The room was clean and had everything needed. There were renovations going on in the hotel at the time but we were not inconvenienced in any way. On checking out very early in the morning we were greeted by the hotel manager Leonor who made us feel very special offering us cakes, coffee and gifts before we left. She also showed us through the newly renovated rooms which were absolutely beautiful. I would recommend this hotel for the special service, location and price.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>familyofbeachlovers
<Content>excellent service! can't wait to return to see new rooms! My husband and I and my three kids had plan to stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village, when that fell through at the last minute we were scrambling to find a hotel. We came across the Ocean Tower, I was a little hesitant due to the pictures and the cheap price but we thought we'd give it a try. We booked an ocean view room, got room 809, lobby was very nice and hotel check in staff was very friendly our room was not quite ready yet but they offered to hold our luggage for us while we went to get lunch. When we got into our room it was clean but a little out dated and a little musty smell but we had a beautiful ocean view (would of loved a balcony) , there was a box of candy and water in the fridge for all of us. The next day my daughter wanted to watch the DVD player, well we searched all over and we found it was missing. We counted our bags and found the DVD bag was missing. We called the front desk to see if was accidently left in the room where they stored our stuff the first day and they said it was'nt there. Well after a few hours of searching and they did some checking the bag was not found. Without hesitation we were offered the cost of a one nights stay off our bill which was close to the cost of the DVD player. We only stayed for three nights but the rest of our stay was wonderful. A basket of candies and juice and pringles was delivered to our room, free use of towels to take to the beach, tips on where to dine, bus stop only steps away, no pool but beach a block away, no hotel restaurant but plenty of restaurants nearby, very affordable price and best of all a friendly and helpful staff always asking if everything was ok. I am a flight attendant and my family and I travel for free we plan on returning for christmas and hope to get to stay at the Ocean Tower in one of there new renovated rooms! Mark and Lisa  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>ninaricci
<Content>Great Location  Our stay here was short but sweet. We only stayed one night but experienced the warmth of the hotel staff. Leonor was extremely nice, she showed us the renovated rooms (which look great) and greeted us with leis and chocolate upon our departure. The current rooms are a bit outdated but as are many hotel rooms in Oahu though the renovated rooms are gorgeous and should be completed by the end of the year. The location is 1/2 a block from the beach and shopping is within walking distance. The parking lot is 1/2 a block away but it's only $8 which is a steal compared to other hotels. We were on the 6th floor but still had a great view of the beach.I'd come back for the awesome location and friendly staff. Thanks, Leonor! :)  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>BirthdayDad
<Content>Wonderful Customer Service Let me first say how wonderfully friendly the management is at the Ocean Tower. Terry and Leanor (sp?) were truly top-notch in every category and made me and my wife (and my mother who also stayed a night) feel at home. The location is perfect: right near the beach and convenient to a plethora of shops and food options.Though our room was newly refurbished in a nice modern Pacific style, I realize that there is much work going on right now to upgrade the rooms, so make sure you request a refurbished room. I noticed someone complain in a previous review about the continental breakfast being meager. This is true, but I rarely encounter a continental breakfast that is much to brag about, so I don't dock any points for that. (By the way, as my wife and I were hurrying to meet our cab at 7:30am, Leanor ran into the supply room to find us some extra muffins to shove in our bag. Oh yeah, and we were also given a complimentary apple pie and cold drinks when we arrived because the staff could tell we were famished. Now that's some service!)My mother chose this hotel based on the positive reviews she'd seen online, and we were not disappointed. Don't get me wrong, if you're expecting the Ritz...well, let's be realistic, it's not the Ritz. There are some aesthetic improvements still in the works. However, after being on a 7-day cruise where the atmosphere was off-the-charts but the service was very lacking...I would take top-notch customer service over style any day of the week.We greatly look forward to getting to visit Waikiki again, and we already know where'd we stay: the Ocean Tower.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Missyartsy
<Content>Diamond in the making This little gem of a place is tucked away, yet conveniently located 1/2 block from the beach. Their greeting made us feel very special and important, not just another hotel guest. Throughout our stay, the staff made sure that all our needs and desires were addressed. The concierge even personally lent us some of their snorkel equipment just for mentioning that we would like to try that sometime.The current renovation is causing minimal disruption and most people don't even know it is going on. I believe in another 5 months when this place has it's official opening, the rooms may be very difficult to book. Everything good about this hotel that guest have been stating are TRUE!Get a reservation while you still are able to do so.It is behind another large hotel and next door to the Marriott (if you know where that is) closer to Diamond Head. The entrance to the hotel is closer to the beach than the taxi pickup of the Marriott.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>Heat-to-freeze
<Content>Great location  This review comes about four days after my partner and I stayed in this hotel for two nights, having booked through the hotel website.Upon arrival we discovered the location of the hotel was fantastic, very close to the beach in the heart of Waikiki and for a very good price. Our request for a high room was accommodated - we were given room 904 on the top floor which was nice. All aspects of the room including furishings were fairly old but I suppose is being addressed, given that the hotel is under renovation.Friendly and helpful staff were excellent throughout our stay providing complimentary beach towels. Free wireless internet in the room was also a nice touch. Unfortunately, whilst being unable to sleep on the second night with and thinking it was because of itchy new mosquito bites, having returned home I now realise I have bedbug bites all over me from head to toe. I recall seeing some isolated dark spots on the pillow and sheets but didn't make the connection at the time. My partner (who never gets bitten by mosquitoes and didn't suffer any bedbug bites) drew my attention to the fact that other reviewers on this website had also identified bedbugs in their room in this hotel, in particular a review on 10 April 2007. In summary a pretty good hotel with some older rooms in a great location, but the bedbugs in our room are a very big negative and mean I'm in for a very uncomfortable next week or so as well as having developed a new wariness about hotel rooms.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	5	5	5	

<Author>hawaiian_travels
<Content>Dreadful, really really bad Room in very poor condition. No sign of the supposedly wonderful staff/service.Definitely do not recommend.Feel very let down by the other reviews - don't think they should be trusted. Anyone else wonder how a hotel with so few rooms has received so many excellent reviews - almost one a day????  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>chaswyck
<Content>Let's Get Real Here We just returned from a cruise in Hawaii and stayed at the Ocean Tower in Honolulu for two nights before our cruise left. Our choice was based almost entirely on the reviews we read here on Trip Advisor. The rave reviews we read here seemed almost too good to be true and you know what they say about something that sounds too good to be true. This hotel most certainly did NOT deserve all the 5.0 ratings it got here. Yes, the location is excellent, just a half block from the beach and shopping area and right next door to an ABC store. If I were rating this hotel based solely on location I would give it a 5. However, there is more to a hotel than location. The rooms were old and badly in need of refurbishment. For example, the wallpaper in our bathroom was peeling from the walls. Our ocean view room was small and dated, but the view was fantastic. Don't even factor the so-called continental breakfast into your decision on whether to stay here or not because you will almost certainly end up at the Starbucks about a block away. The breakfast consisted of coffee (no decaf), hot tea, juice, mass produced danishes and toast. I did not experience any of the legendary outstanding service spoken about so often in the Trip Advisor reviews. Yes, the staff was nice, but nothing outstanding. All in all we were OK with the choice we made, but mainly because we were leaving on a fabulous cruise in a couple of days. If I had booked this hotel for the entire vacation, I would have been very disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>hardychica
<Content>Great value and exceptional hospitality at this boutique hotel The Ocean Tower Hotel is a stark contrast to the towering high rises that cover every block of Waikiki beach. It's a small, 9-story unassuming building 1/2 block from Waikiki beach. When I first arrived, I wasn't overly thrilled with the rooms as they were basic and in need of an update. However, they were very clean and kept in great condition by the friendly housekeeping staff (Tina is the best!). I figured it didn't really matter because nobody goes to Hawaii to sit in a hotel room all day. Plus the location was fantastic for how much we paid ($108/night). Surprisingly, what turned out to be an OK first impression ended up becoming a pretty great experience at the hotel. First, the staff makes up for any bells and whistles the rooms may be lacking. When you stay here you feel like you're staying with family (without all the smothering and nagging). Leonor Wong is especially helpful in making sure you have everything you need. When we told her it was our anniversary she left us a bottle of champagne in our room. The small staff at this hotel works hard to make sure you have anything you need for going to the beach (towels, boogie boards, rafts) to giving you advice on tourist sites (and how to get there). Second, the location is brilliant. 1/2 block away from waikiki beach and all the stores along the boardwalk. You wake up, have a lite bite to eat at the free continental breakfast then head to the beach. Also, the free shuttles that take tourists to the huge malls stop right next door to the hotel.One thing to note is that the hotel is undergoing a huge renovation. I saw some of the new rooms and they're GORGEOUS. They feel very W Hotel in design. Right now the construction is confined to the 3rd and 4th floors but check to make sure you can get a room a few floors up and the noise shouldn't be a problem. It was actually surprisingly quiet for how much work they were doing. Some of the re-designed rooms are available on the 2nd floor but you will have to tolerate some construction noise. Other notes, there isn't a business center but there is free wi-fi throughout the whole building.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PhantomWA
<Content>Great location - excellent value for money We have just returned to Australia from Honolulu. We booked the hotel via an internet site and were concerned about what we would get, given the price. The location is great - just 1 block to the beautiful Waikiki Beach. The hotel room we occupied was somewhat tired, however the hotel is currently under renovation and, having viewed the renovated rooms on the 2nd floor, we were extremely impressed by the transformation and would be keen to stay here again in the future. The newly refurbished rooms are very modern with all the best electronics and comforts. A light breakfast was provided but disappointing in the lack of healthy choices. I am assured this is also to be improved in the very near future. The hotel staff were efficient, professional and friendly, which was a wonderful relief following on from experiences we'd had in San Francisco and LA. I would highly recommend this hotel to those travelling on a budget at present. Following completion of the renovation (2nd floor expected completion in late August) I would recommend the hotel to even the most particular travellers. Overall our stay exceeded our expectations in relation to value for money and convience of location.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>aliomi2003
<Content>Right on the money! Arrived at the hotel without knowing what to expect. While not the most modern hotel around, it is central located, not more than a couple of minutes from the beach and other attractions. Good service from the staff, topped by outstanding performance from Leonor, manager. She made our stay there worth while, offering free beach toys, room upgrade for a fraction of the cost, trip tips, champagne and chocolate as a departure gift. Rooms cleaned everyday and towels changed as often as needed. Overall a good experience. Do not expect Ritz amenities and service (remember the price you paid) but expect overall far better experience for the buck. For the 'average' traveler it does not get any better than this.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>edandhy
<Content>Disappointed We had originally planned to stay 2 nights at the Ocean Tower starting 7/27 before we moved onto Big Island. We checked-in late (after midnight) due to flight delays and rental car problems, and when we got to our room, we were more than disappointed. We're budget travelers, so motel rooms are the norms for our family. However, the room temperature when we walked in must have been over 80 degrees, with a strong mildew smell. This was room 804, and opening the window helped to bring down the temperature after a while, but the odor remained. We also noticed that the carpets around the window were damp. Stayed up until 2:30 am trying to get the night manager to find me some Lysol (which they eventually did), and we were finally able to get some sleep, despite the a/c being extremely noisy and walls paper thin (the next door neighbors must have returned around 3 am and started making whoopie - glad it was over in a few minutes). The next morning, I asked whether they can do something about the moldy smell, and they told me that they would ask housekeeping to keep the window open all day to circulate the air. We decided to check out immediately, and moved to the Hyatt (Priceline deal at $165 plus tax and fees for a total of $195). This was only about $50 more than what we paid for the Aqua Ocean Tower.Pros:- free breakfast- internet connection (allowed me to search Priceline to get a better room at the Hyatt)Cons:- old rooms can be too outdated- mildew smell must have its origin, and circulating the air is not the solution  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	-1	4	

<Author>MikeAndreaNYC
<Content>Extraordinary!!!!       Fabulous Rooms!!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michele928
<Content>Will come back My boyfriend and I stayed at Ocean tower July 25-30th. Check in was quick, although 1 one of the rooms were not ready yet (we were an hour early). We were in rm 806, which had a very nice view of the beach and we also had a balcony. Clean rooms, but definitely outdated. Loved the location of the hotel (1 block from the beach). Leonor and the rest of the staff was very helpful. She greeted us each morning and asked us what we were up to for the day. She even gave us a coupon for the swap meet. At the end of our stay we needed a scale to weigh our luggage and she brought one from home! Pearl was also very helpful and even showed us one of the newly renovated rooms (which will be done at the end of this year). Can't wait to stay in one of the new rooms, would definitely come back.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>lisayaks
<Content>Lemme try again . . . It was great!!! I wrote a wonderful summary of our stay and how much we loved staying in the Ocean Tower, but somehow it didn't make it onto tripadvisor.com. So I will repeat more simply this time that Leonor made our trip one to remember for sure. The staff was wonderful -- we even got to stay in one of the new rooms as a birthday present for my husband on our last night there. We recieved gifts and special attention that I don't believe you will find anywhere else. We were there from July 13 to July 21. We got to use chairs, beach mats and toys, etc. from the hotel. From the ninth floor, we had a wonderful view of Waikiki beach, and on our last day, we were even given a room where we could shower and store our luggage before our late flight out. I would definitely stay there again. Leonor, you hold a very special place in our hearts because of your kindness and generosity. I hope to stay in touch with you! Lisa (Thank you for all you did for Dorea!)  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Stevebfx
<Content>Words alone cannot convey....       Us and our new Ocean Tower Family!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>raclesr
<Content>Great Service Leonor was an AMAZING host for us on our Honeymoon; she attended to our every need to the best of her abilities and is very pleasant. She made our trip that much more special and we would applaud her for her professionalism and her caring bubbly personality.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PhucDong
<Content>Great Location, great price The Aqua Resorts Ocean Tower Hotel in Waikiki is the only hotel that offers a reasonable price for their excellent location. The hotel sits behind the Waikiki Outrigger and is across the street from the Marriott, near the end of Waikiki. Although both these hotels can costs up to $300 average a night, the Ocean Tower's basic room only runs about $120.I enjoyed my stay at the Ocean Tower despite it lacking some comforts I had grown used to during my travels. There are a few things that the hotel can improve upon such as a better breakfast selection and newer furniture inside the rooms. The hallways and its paint also give off an impression that the hotel has not really been cared for. The lack of preparation in the painting can only make one wonder what else the owners took shortcuts on.Although there are a few comforts that I had to do without, the many services that the hotel offers make up for its lackings tremendously. The best thing about the hotel is the free Wi-Fi Internet. In all of my eight nights of connectivity, I only experienced a lack of connectivity on one night and the issue was resolved immediately. Another great thing about the hotel is the free local calls and the cable television. My room's view was not really what I had imagined it to be but the large windows made the days wonderful by the way that it allowed light to shine inside on those nice Hawaiian mornings. The free newspapers and the conspicuousness of the hotel also make it a great place to spend a week in June. There are no restaurants inside the hotel but there is a little ABC store right downstairs and many restaurants and shops are scattered all around. Lastly, I had to mention that the hotel is only a block away from Waikiki beach and another two blocks away from the bus stop. I have been all over the world and have stayed in hotels ranging from five stars to cheap little hostels with twelve person rooms. I can honestly tell you that this hotel is by far not the best hotel on the waterfront. If you want a hotel that offers a pool, nice bars, restaurants, and door opening service, this hotel is not for you. But if you are looking for a place to stay that also offers some tranquility, comparable service, and a great location, I recommend this hotel. This hotel is great for people who understand the value of money. This is all that I have to say. Oh, and use the coupons in the book. They are definitely worth it.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>GDeiterick
<Content>Unbelievable expreince       new rooms  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LBatiste
<Content>Great Customer Service! Althought the hotel is undergoing renovations, it still created a comfortable atmosphere for a home away from home feeling. The staff was excellent. They tended to all my needs neccessary and I did not hesitate to ask for assistance. I believe that their customer service is the best that I have received so far and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an inexpensive way of traveling. Complimentary breakfast and newspapers are also a bonus for this hotel. Very close to the beach... within a minute of walking distance. Can't beat that deal!Just remember, it's not quantity but quality... and this hotel has Quality. L. Batiste  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Montana Business Man
<Content>Good but not great The hotel has three very good things going for it:1. It is only 1/2 block to the beach. 2. The staff is extremely polite and helpful3. Best of all, the price is one of the lowest you'll find on Waikiki.The hotel has a lot of problems. 1. Yes, the hotel is 1/2 block away from the beach, but the best part of the beach is a crowded, 5 block walk. I would have much preferred a location closer to the outdoor international shopping mall because that is where the bulk of the bars, the restaurants, and the best part of the beach is. 2. The furnishing, carpeting, bedding, EVERYTHING is extremely well worn. This hotel is badly in need of refurbishing. However, for $120 a night....what do you expect? 3. The hotel restaurant is horrible. Awful. Fortunately, there are lots of eating options on the main drag 1/2 block away. If I was on a tight budget, the Ocean Towers is a great, great option. If you have a few more bucks to spend, I would recommend a different hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	1	4	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>lildolly001
<Content>retired When we first got to the Hotel I was home sick. Our rooms were facing an alley. Then Leonor got my mom a room looking out over at the beautiful ocean. Then she got my guest and myself a room facing the beautiful ocean as well. Every morning you had coffee and a light breakfast waiting for you at 7 am. Then before you know it they are cleaning your room and seeing if you need anything? When it came time to go home.? I did not want to go bacjk. Hawaii is a beautiful place and some day I will return. It is nice to meet real people, so friendly and down to earth. The climate is warm keeping all pains pretty much gone. All I can say, is I will be going back.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thereseCalifon_Nj
<Content>Great location The hotel is a little rundown when we first arrived I thought oh no However wound up loving it. Location is top notch, staff is friendly, they will give you chairs and towels for the beach. Only criticism is breakfast is not worth eating, if they are going to serve it they should do a better job.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>HappyAussies07
<Content>Good value in a great location Excellent value for money hotel that is probably one of Waikiki's best kept secrets. Hidden amongst the more expensive brand name chain hotels, the Ocean Tower is literally only steps away from the beach, shops and food. Being 4 months pregnant at the time, the ability to have everything at my doorstep without having to drive long distances just to be able to see anything or avail of the local conveniences was perfect. The staff were always helpful whenever called upon and the bonus surprise was being offered complimentary use of a room after checkout to rest, relax and freshen up prior to our midnight flight home. Executive Housekeeper Leanor Wong's thoughtfulness and hospitality also added that special touch, helping to make us feel like welcome guests and not just a passers-by.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>gordoSydney
<Content>Outstanding service We have travelled to many countries and stayed in many hotels and some that were 4 star but none have compared to the service at Ocean Tower Waikiki,Leonor and Grace did everything possible to make our stay a most wonderful experience.We went to to stay at the Shereton on another Island for 4 days(4.5 star) was ok then came back to O T and the red carpet was almost layed out!Told our friends and have no hesitataion in recomending them to others. It is only 100 metres from the beach and at the quieter end of town.Best way to describe it is 2 to 3 star hotel with 5 star service  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelerfromny07
<Content>Great Location and Fantastic Value We booked this hotel based on the reviews we read on Trip Advisor and it was a great choice. The staff was great and provided us with mats and chairs and towels for us to bring to the beach. And there is an ABC literally right across the street to get whatever you need. Our room has a lanai and the window has a great view of Waikiki Beach. The shops of Waikiki Beach are a 5 minute walk away. I can't wait to go back and stay in one of the newly renovated rooms. The decor looks great and the updated amenities would put this hotel on par with any of the other boutique hotels out there.Thanks again! K. Kwok  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>latraveler888
<Content>Great hotel with an awesome staff! My stay was very pleasant. The hotel is just half a block away to the beach. The staff were awesome and very helpful. I also had a tour of the new renovated rooms, and I can't wait till my next visit when its all finished. Thanks Leonor for the wonderful tour! I'll see you next time. Aloha!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>rendremik
<Content>Great Location, Excellent Hospitality!       Ocean view from room  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>traderdoll
<Content>Great Value for the Money, Location, Location, Location       Tandem Parasailing!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lovetotravel1977
<Content>Lenore is truly great and an asset to this hotel When you read the information about Lenore, believe it. She is the bright and shining asset to this hotel. The staff are very personable and helpful. The rooms definitely need some upgrading. The location however is wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>Maya93
<Content>Close to the beach All of the staff at this hotel very friendly and hospitable. Theytreated us like family and gave us extra amenities and specially made flower leis. The property is right across from the beach and very convenient to the zoo, Kalakaua Ave. and the busstop. The rooms did not have balconies but we were givena room with a view of Waikiki Beach. The lobby was spaciousand breezy, the door always open and welcoming. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>mochiball
<Content>Great location and nice price The hotel staff was great as was the location. The only thing I'd say needs improvement is the actual building and rooms. The rooms seemed a bit old and could use major renovations. But for the price we paid with a last minute booking we were happy with the accomodations.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>luv2travelAlberta
<Content>Loved the Ocean Tower We were pleasantly surprised about the rate and then where the hotel was located, just steps away from the ocean. This hotel is currently undergoing renovations and we had the chance to see the newly renovated rooms, they are beautiful. The staff at the hotel are wonderful and will do anything they can to make your stay better. It is a very clean hotel and the daily continental breakfast is lovely. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, families, honeymooners, couples...etc. It is still small enough to be intimate in the fact that they make you feel at home and can also remember your name! There is no pool, which is the only downside however, it is literally across the street from the beach and some of there sister properties close by have a pool. There is no restaurant located onsite but due to their excellent location, that is a non issue as there is plenty of dining around you. We really enjoyed our stay at the hotel and will be returning to stay there again. The Griffin Family, Calgary, Alberta Canada  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>willsmd
<Content>The Perfect Honeymoon My new wife and I just returned from our stay in Honolulu and one of the first things that I have to do is write a post about our incredible stay at the Aqua Ocean Tower:The rooms are older, but serviceable and a good deal. Location is great, less than a block to the beach and right in the heart of Waikiki a good enough distance away from all the hustle/bustle of the stores and nightly street performers.None of this you will ever really remember, however....this is a story of good old hospitality...The service was ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE!!Our first day we met and spoke with Pearl and Grace, they took exceptional care of us upon arrival and made sure that we had no concerns. Check in was speedy and our bags were taken to our room before we even realized they were gone! Pearl even went out of her way to help me secure a car rental, reserve shuttle service later in the week and even change my seats for my return flight home!The 2nd day we met Leonor and after her initial warm and friendly greeting, we looked forward to seeing her every single morning (and every other chance we had). She made us feel like she was at the hotel to only take care of us and only us...but not being the case since she does this for everyone actually. She is extremely blessed and talented at what she does. She would do anything for us, even though we never really asked... she went out of her way to make sure every morning we had our own little breakfast pastries, she gave us champagne (twice), chocolate covered macadamia nuts, lei's (sp) and really made my days fun with a pair of borrowed body boards for my wife and I to use on the ocean!!...she even made us a special pair of 4th of July lei's.... she was truly remarkable, always with a warm and genuine smile on her face. Tina did a great job of making sure our room was clean.Terry, her boss was very friendly and kind. We did not have a whole lot of interaction with him, but it was not necessary since his staff was amazing at what they did. That is a true sign of a great manager....letting those he leads, succeed.I truly hope that Terry can keep everyone on this staff together because they are a special group... My wife and I also felt extremely special the very last moments as Leonor was there to greet us and bid farewell. She gave us a special fresh flowered lei and sent us off with a hug/kiss....and waves and blown kisses as we boarded our Roberts Hawaii bus... I can tell you as I watched all of the others load the bus at other hotels that no one else received this kind of treatment...only a cold, personless send off and no one else came on the bus with a huge smile like we did!Thanks to everyone at the Aqua Ocean Hotel!! We will always remember you and thanks for making our stay incredible for our Honeymoon!I look forward to returning and echo the thoughts of others when I say I hope ithe hotel stays affordable after its major renovation!! :)Best of luck to you all at the hotel! Room #907 Michael and Caline  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>junior02
<Content>Great Service at Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel If I ever have a chance to go back to Honolulu, I will certainly stay at Ocean Tower Hotel in Waikiki. I found the hotel on the web. The view shown on the website was nearly identical to the view from my room - beautiful. The hotel staff were extremely helpful and courteous. The beach is only a very short walk from the hotel, and I was able to borrow towels and a beach chair from the desk. Parking is not a problem at all; you can park your car at a large indoor parking facility a few hundred yards from the hotel for $8/day.After leaving Honolulu, I discovered that I didn't have my cell phone charger. I called the hotel and one of the staff went to room and found it still plugged into the wall socket. The Executive Housekeeper mailed it my home on the east coast at no charge. It arrived the day after I returned from my trip.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TeamBrenna
<Content>True Aloha at the Ocean Tower Best value, convenient location, and friendliest staff in Waikiki! In years of traveling, never have we experienced such caring, accomodating service. You're not merely a customer - you're ohana (family)! Older rooms are simple and clean, nothing too fancy... but how much time do you really spend in the room when the beach and excitement of Waikiki are just steps away? Hope the completion of the grander, remodeled rooms won't price this little gem out of our budget because we would like to return here every visit to the island.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DiddyRoo
<Content>Great place to stay My husband and I really liked this hotel and would highly recommend it to travelers who like clean and nice rooms but are not on an expansive budget. Pros: (1) Close to everything in Waikiki Beach, including restaurants, hotels and pickup locations for tours. We did *not* rent a car and had no problem during our six-day stay. We found walking and TheBus to be really easy ways of getting around.(2) Entire building has reliable wireless connection--worked well.(3) Amazing, breathtaking ocean view! ( We stayed on the 6th floor).(4) Very nice , kind staff.(5) 20% discount on massage at sister location--Aqua Bamboo.Cons:(1) The continental breakfast is super tiny! Basically, it's tea, pineapple juice, white bread and donuts. No cereal and no fruit. Be ready to supplement with some snacks in the morning.(2) It can be pretty noisy (cars, music) throughout the day and night, so if you need absolute quiet, this isn't the place for you.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Rainbow88
<Content>We stayed at the Ocean Tower Hotel from June 8 - June 11, 2007. Fresh pineapple juice was served at the Contential Breakfast. The staff at the Ocean Tower were very friendly, helpful, appreciative and attended to our needs efficiently. The location was perfect. Cool restaurants nearby with great food and a great Hawaiian Band. I accidently left a piece of clothing in our room and asked them to send the artical to my home in Massachusetts. They called me back immediately and shipped my belongings free of charge! Before we left, we even got a sneak peak of the newly renovated show room! Wow! The service here is FiveStar! I understand more improvements are on the way! Short walk to the beach and a great place to walk downtown at night to see the street performers! Mahalo!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jadissbrown
<Content>The Ocean Tower is the place to be! Alright so I have a testomonial to tell about this hotel. The greatest thing about this Hotel as a whole is its service....It is truly the best!!! You have to admit now a days everything is a business and people just dont care anymore as long as they are making their money. If you agree...continue reading...if not well still continue reading. This hotel is in the middle of complete overhall...and the soon to be finished product is remarkable.....My husband and I got a sneak peak into the future of Ocean Tower. They are woking hard and the finale product is gorgeous!!! In the meantime you can expect, clean and comfortable.....and at the top of that a family.....the staff is perfect at making you feel at home and as happy as can be while construction is taking place. Terry...the GM.....very nice guy...he has a great staff and really pushes them for oustanding customer service. You can just tell that the people at the hotel dont look at you as profit but one of there own.Leonor....hmmm let me tell you....this women is incredible......you would have to say that she is an angel. She goes out of her way for you...believe me OUT OF HER WAY. ANything you need...she's got it......I mean anything. Wonderful women....Grace....so sweet...... good at her job and also will try to help you with what ever you need. Free breakfast....beach right across the street and abc store on the other...very covieniant. Everything is walking distance from this hotel....beach, zoo, aqua museum, shopping and eating!Be sure to stay with them.....the service is astounding!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>safePA
<Content>Excellent Stay We have just returned from a two weeks at Ocean Tower Hotel at Waikiki Beach. The hotel is magnificient and we have never experianced such an icredible service before. It was lovely and we would recommend this hotel to everyone. The beach, restaurants, stores and other main attraction are close, but more importantly everyone who works at the hotel was very kind and warm. Special thanks to the Hauskiping Manager Leonor Wong for making us feel so special and welcome. When my husband and I arrived at hotel she had flowers and basket with chocolate and macademia nuts waiting for us in the room. We felt so welcomed. Thank you Leonor. We hope to see you soon!Aloha!Elvira  Ferid  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PapaLou1275
<Content>Muchos Mahalos!       Ocean view 2  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>banjolyn
<Content>tranquil atmosphere Just returned from a short 4 day stay. We stayed at the Ocean Towers hotel and enjoyed the tranquil atmosphere. At night, I could hear soft hawaiian music from our window. The staff was excellent. They really cared about you and wanted to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Lenore was so friendly and accomodating. Since I had a late night flight, she allowed me to use a hospitality room to shower to get ready for my trip home. She also showed me 2 of the new rooms. They are absolutely beautiful. I can't wait to go back and stay in one of them.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>retiredsunseekers
<Content>very friendly and professional staff The location of the hotel is great, less than a block away from the beach and close to all buses.But the best is the staff. The desk clerks,especially Grace and Kenan, are very friendly and helpful. Leonor was wonderful and spoiled us through our whole stay. Her smile in the morning made our day.Leonor is professional, ambitious and very friendly. She deserves a promotion with the new renovated hotel. We saw already two new gorgious renovated rooms.Our thanks again to the staffAhmad and Ingrid Afanih  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>clown628
<Content>Great People Great Experience The Ocean Tower is quaint. The people are so so so friendly. They really made the trip even more special. They know your face and remembered our names. The rooms were very nice and clean. The service was just amazing. I'd definately stay there again if I go back to Hawaii for vacation.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gramalo
<Content>Loved the Aqua Ocean Tower We just returned from Waikiki Ocean Tower Hotel. We stayed there 2 nights before a 7 day cruise, and then stayed 1 night after the cruise. Even though we were supposed to check out at noon the last day, our tour bus to the airport was not due to pick us up until 8 pm that night, the hotel put us in a courtesy room for the rest of the day. It was so nice to have our luggage with us all day and to be able to relax after our trip to Pearl Harbor that morning. They also served a very good continental breakfast that was included in the price. I would definitely recommend this property.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnQuick
<Content>The Best stay I've had in Waikiki Everything positive you've read about this hotel in the Trip Advisor reviews is spot on. I originally considered the Ocean Tower precisely because TripAdvisor had it rated so highly, and my wife was adamant that we should stay in Waikiki. Normally, getting around Waikiki is painful in a car because of the traffic, but since this hotel sits at the end of the strip, it is really easy to get to from the H1 by taking the King Street Exit. Anyway, the hotel is smaller than many I've stayed in, but that (and the incredible customer service!) gives it a very intimate feel. The rooms are good sized and are seemingly soundproof, which I really appreciated. The hotel is literally a block from the beach. The parking lot is small, but they immediately gave us the option to park around the corner at the large garage of a different hotel and that ended up being a less expensive option as well.The staff was wonderful, in particular Leonore and Terry. They really took great care of us (and I have to say it's nice when the managers call you by name everytime they see you). It was my birthday while we were there, and even though they sent some treats up to the room each day, on my birthday they sent champagne and glasses.We also got to tour the rooms that are being renovated, and I can't wait to go back once that is complete in the November timeframe. The new rooms have an ultra-modern, San Francisco/ Asian theme to them, and have all the amenities one could ask for, especially if you are a technogeek like me.Overall, I was incredibly impressed with the hotel and will stay here anytime I have business or vacation in Honolulu.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thesoybean
<Content>Great Value for Waikiki       View of Diamond Head from the balcony  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>man4922
<Content>Great Staff!!! Clean Hotel I booked this Hotel because it was close to Waikiki beach but after staying here I would just like to say the staff was awesome and made sure we had everything we needed to make our stay a memorable stay. I would especially like to thank Eleanor one of the staff members for going above and beyond during our stay at this hotel. We got married and had our honeymoon on this trip and thanks to the hotel staff and the nice people in Hawaii it was an awesome vacation. 2 thumbs up to this hotel!!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Hogwild752
<Content>Excellent Location and Excellent Price This hotel is in a most excellent location. I had a great view from my room of Kapiolani Beach. The price for the location could not be beat. I have been to Hawaii twice now in the last 3 months and have stayed at an Aqua hotel each time. My room was large with a well working AC system. The free WiFi was certain a feature I appreciated as I worked from my room in the evenings. The staff was excellent. I found everyone I had contact with helpful and very friendly. The front desk staff was great about recommendations of activities and resturants. This hotel is an older structure and currently in need of a facelift. This is just about to begin. The head of house keeping showed me a brochure of the changes that are about to take place. This will definitely be a much more upscale property in regards to amenities and decor. I just hope the upgrades do not price this hotel out of my reach as I would like to become a regular customer of theirs.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Old-Man-Winter49
<Content>Great location and value Staff was warm and friendly. Lobby is very inviting. In June the elevators were a bit on the hot side, as were the halls. Room was very comfortable, housekeeping did a great job. When they realized we were there to celebrate an anniversary, a pleasant surprise showed up in our room. Less than a block from Waikiki beach, great location. If you need to limit sugar in your diet, forget their continental breakfast.During renovation, no parking was available for us on site, so they directed us to a lot about a block and a half away that charged about half as much per day.Only problem was with Travelocity - when booking the hotel we requested an upgrade to a partial ocean view, and when we arrived the hotel clearly did not have any such rooms. Travelocity did NOTHING to remedy the situation.If looking for a comfortable and economical place to sleep and shower, this is a great value. Little things like the faucet handles on the sink being marked backwards, one shower faucet handle being loose and looking a bit discolored, and some peeling wall paper could use a bit more attention. The mini-fridge was a bit tacky looking and could be used to freeze things or not - no middle ground of making ice and keeping things cold. No instructions to use the in-room safe.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>curiousjayu
<Content>great price, great location, OUTSTANDING service! We recently stayed at the Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel, during a five-night stay in Honolulu. We were VERY satisfied with our experience there and would highly recommend the place.First, let me describe the rooms. The rooms are clean, spacious, and have great amenities like cable TV and free wireless internet (which would cost you $15-20 per day in most hotels). It is true that the decor in the rooms is somewhat dated, and the hallways on the guest room floors could be spruced up. However, the rooms are perfectly clean and comfortable. And in my opinion, you're not in Hawaii to lounge around your room, but to enjoy the islands! Unless you are very fussy and want everything in the hotel room to be brand spankin' new, you will be satisfied here. Again, the rooms are large and clean and comfortable.The location is also great. It's literally a 2 minute walk to the beach, in an active part of Waikiki. There is tons of shopping, dining, etc. in the immediate vicinity of the hotel. We felt totally safe and there were tourists and/or locals on the streets all of the time. We also rented a car, and were able to park in an affordable lot a half-block from the hotel. (The Ocean Tower Hotel's was full when we arrived.)Finally, the service. For whatever the Ocean Tower may lack in updated furnishings, it MORE than compensates with exceptional customer service. The staff, and Leonor Wong in particular, are extremely friendly, and helpful. For example, as we were leaving one morning, Leonor asked us what we were doing for the day. We mentioned we were going snorkeling, and the staff immediately printed out directions to our destination and lent us snorkeling equipment! Similarly, the hotel lent us beach towels on several days and gave us lots of good advice on what to do and where to go. The free breakfast was another benefit. Leonor was also very gracious in accommodating us during a short return visit to Honolulu on our way back home to the mainland. Given the location, service, and price, the Ocean Tower is an exceptional value.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gutshot
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Ocean Tower I was looking for something reasonably priced and close enough to the beach for my teenage daughter to walk to. Got exactly what I was looking for. The only negative is the rooms and floors are in need of updating and they are doing that. The manager of the property showed us the new rooms that were finished and they were very nice. But the beds were comfortable at a reasonable price and beach is 2 minutes away. Nice beach area with a break wall in one area. Ocean view was beautiful from the room.No dining facilities (plenty all around you), no pools (beach area was so nice we never missed it), very limited parking ( they suggest you park around the corner at the Banyan and it was $8 a day instead of the $15 a day at the hotel.), no gift shop (ABC store across the street same side as the hotel entrance).Great customer service at the Ocean Tower. Everyone from the cleaning folks, bell hops, front desk people to the mangement were very much customer service oriented. Nothing fancy but exactly what we were looking for.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>MollyandOscar
<Content>Great place to stay, great value!       View to Diamond Head  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>yiannis93101
<Content>a little gem in waikiki terry dowsett, general manager will be turning guests away from the door at this property when it rebirths as the 'hotel renew' later this year. having seen the sample rooms which will change this hotel into a lovely boutique property 1 block from the beach at waikiki, there will be a rush of guests wanting to stay here. the second floor holds the 2 rooms which have undergone the magic touch of the designer who will make this a little known hot spot hotel in waikiki. it's a bit dated now, with orange sheer drapes and carpet that's seen better days, but it's clean, comfortable, and the location is fabulous. the staff is wonderful and caring and cheerful and displays hawaiian 'ohana' in every sense of the word....from offering a cold beverage when we checked in to loaning my 11 year old nephew a boogie board so he could play in the surf at lanikai beach. there was no signing out towels, or the boogie board making you feel like a criminal stealing a towel at the big resorts. no waiting for an elevator as in some of the 40 stories monstrosities in honolulu. same with parking, altho the lot only holds a handful of cars and it's quite interesting negotiating the upper deck lot, so parking could be at a premium when you arrive at the hotel. right now, the main thrust of this hotel is indeed the staff. leonor as is so often mentioned in the other reviews is a gem and truly cares about her 'ohana' at the hotel, making sure everyone is taken care of. my hats off to the entire group working at ocean tower and i'm looking forward to returning when the remodel is complete. i have a feeling you will become my home away from home when i visit oahu. enjoy your stay here and in a couple days you too will feel the spirit of aloha, let your hair down, and SLOW down. after all, you're in hawaii.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mikeoz
<Content>great staff, great hotel, great price       view from our hotel room  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nmc75
<Content>Great stay experience! The familial Ohana spirit of Hawaii is exuded by the staff of Ocean Tower Hotel in Waikiki. My fiance and I have made 3 trips in total to Honolulu and this by far was the best experience with a hotel there because of the very warm welcome and service provided by the staff at the Ocean Tower Hotel.Leonor in particular (and as mentioned by numerous reviews here) made us feel more 'at home' than at home.Also, as mentioned by previous reviewers, the hotel is undergoing renovations to update and modernize their rooms. The renovations were not felt or noticed by us... there was no noise and construction people noticed during our stay 05/19-05/26. We got a personal glimpse of some of the completed new rooms and what we saw indicated 5 star quality.. tile floors, Asian influenced decor, new furnishings, state of the art TV and projectors, lighting, top of the line bathroom fixtures. Once available (by end of the year we were told), I am selfishly hoping the rates would not be too different as I would love to come back to stay in those new rooms!Everyday after an exhaustive tour or beach excursion during our stay, we were extremely impressed by the clean bedding, clean bathroom and air conditioned room we returned to. Not once did we have a single complaint about the room or hotel facilities. We did at one point need the use of a microwave to heat some food and the hotel staff was happy to allow us the use of theirs.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Arock
<Content>Best Location, Value and Service, we'll be back!       Newly Renovated rooms  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TRAVELJUNKIESMD
<Content>Hidden "Pearl" of Honolulu We found a Pearl in Honolulu. What a wonderful place to spend some time while in Honolulu.We never travel without first checking with Trip Advisor about a hotel and/or resort we may be interested in. We travel frequently and have not been disappointed yet and have found some wonderful tips on trip advisor.The Aqua Ocean Tower is truely a wonderful find. Yes, the rooms and halls are dated, however, that is all being changed as of this writing. They have started remodeling the rooms. We saw one of the newly remodeled rooms and it was absolutely awesome. The location of this hotel is excellent. You are within a short walk to so many restaurants. The Tiki Restaurant next door is nice to go to in the evening, where you can sit outside overlooking Waikiki Beach, sipping your favorite drink and listen to live music of both Hawaiian flare and other popular favorites. There is a sushi restaurant around the corner below the Marriott Hotel that is very good and reasonable too. There are ABC stores on every corner, with one right next door to the Ocean Tower Hotel. It's a large convenience store that has everything from Wine to goodies to bring home to your friends and family. I would highly recommend the Ocean Tower. You can beat the price or the location. We booked an deluxe ocean view room several months before arrival and were fortunate to have a room with such a beautiful view of Waikiki Beach. We can't thank Leonor enough for all of the special little things she did to make us feel so welcome. It was like being a guest in Leonor's home, she couldn't do enough to make sure you were well taken care of, and always with a beautiful smile on her face. When we arrived, the first person we saw was Grace. She too always had a wonderful smile on her face and was so gracious, accomodating and helpful.You can't go wrong staying at the Ocean Tower. However, if you are looking for a hotel like the Ritz Carlton with rates four to five times what you would pay at the Ocean Tower, then this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a clean, friendly, centrally located hotel with great rates and a beautiful view of Waikiki Beach for the deluxe ocean view rooms, you can't go wrong with the Ocean Tower. By the way, we were impressed that once you entered the elevator, you had to use your room card (key) to access the elevator. It was comforting to know that the only people walking the halls of the hotel were the patrons of the hotel, not just anyone walking in off the street.Thanks and hello to Leonor and Grace.The Hartleys  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flyboyfrankie
<Content>Fantastic location  My daughter and I stayed at Ocean Tower Hotel may 15th-22nd, I booked this place because I got a good price on Bookit.com, I did not expect to get the most friendly service I have ever recieved and I have been to some fancy places. It is in a great location with the best part of the beach within a stones throw of the front door, great resturaunts and shoping within a easy walk, Honolulu zoo is just a block away and the Aquariam is just past the zoo I would like to say thank you to staff at Ocean Tower Hotel and a special thanks to Leonor and Grace. Frank and Taryn Brown McNabb Il.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MBrack
<Content>Loved the Ocean Tower       The view from room 408  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Dianeinphoenix
<Content>Wonderful Surprise Our stay at the Ocean Tower Hotel was amazing! I read one review that didn't understand why this hotel had such good ratings. Well, he must be used to spending $200+ per night for a hotel room, or never traveled to Hawaii. Hotels with this location are often $300+ per night. The reviewer mentioned it being in need of a remodel. Well, unfortunately for those of us used to watching how we spend our money, they are remodeling the hotel and the rooms look awesome!!! They look nicer than the Arizona Biltmore and Phoenician Resort in Scottsdale, Arizona if you have been there. (I had only worked there and got the view the rooms, as I could not afford to spend $400+ per night.) So, when the rates are higher, and in line with the majority of the other hotels, that reviewer should be happy because the new rooms are truly gorgeous. People pay for gorgeous. They are the most modern beautiful hotel rooms I have ever seen.We actually felt lucky to get to stay there before the major remodel. The location is so close to the beach and downtown activities. We could walk to all kinds of wonderful things to do and see. Diamond Head was our view out our bathroom window. I would recommend spending the extra $15 or so per night for the ocean view. So, it wasn't fancy, but it was fun and helped us be able to save quite a bit of money. The bed was comfortable, the ocean breeze was to die for, and we couldn't have asked for more in that price range. I also have to recommend a corner room if you get lucky to have a cross-breeze of ocean air.However, what made it the most wonderful stay was the staff. We were treated like family from the moment we arrived. We never felt so cared for in a hotel. The friendly, caring and attentive staff made it a 5 star hotel in our eyes. We cannot wait to go back and see all the friends we made there. If on a budget get in on the older rooms before they are remodeled. If you have the extra money, get an amazing remodeled room, you won't be dissappointed.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WisconsinEmptynester
<Content>Great Value Stayed 5-17-07 to 5-23-07.This was my first time in Hawaii. My kids are out of collegeand I thought it was time to do something different. I booked Hawaii because the price was right. I had a dollar figure that I was comfortable with and I stuck to it.I call myself frugal and my wife calls me cheap.I put my trust in Expedia because they had the best deal.The photos that I seen on the Hotel were just like it was.What can I say, Great Value.When I go on vacation, I spend enough time in my room to sleep and take a shower. If I sleep well and the room is clean, I am pretty satisfied.At the Ocean Tower of Waikiki I was very satisfied.Great and helpful staff.Clean rooms.Great location, not on the water, but it took me 30 seconds toget to the water or to a bus stop. I will definately stay there again.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whitedolphin
<Content>Perfect location       another view of our room  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>americabound
<Content>Mum had a holiday too! We have just returned from a month long trip to America finishing with 6 nights at the Ocean Tower.I booked this motel, as with all the others, based on reviews from Tripadvisor. All the places we stayed were lovely and the American people an absolute delight but our Hawaiian experience was the icing on our holiday cake.Our first night we arrived late and I have to be honest and say I was dissapointed and a bit distressed. We booked two Deluxe Ocean view rooms on the 9th floor as we were travelling with our three teenage sons. Our room had very dirty patches on the carpet and tilesbroken at floor level in the bathroom and even though I new the hotelwas undergoing renovations it was less than I had expected.The next morning my husband went down to see what could be done. ....................WELL!! What happened was Leonore Wong!  Leonore made sure we had everything we needed and with a big hug told me that 'we were there to be spoiled and that we would have a wonderful time and to go out and have fun and not to worry about the carpet'. When we returned at midday the carpet had been shampooed and smelled fresh and lovely. By the second day we were not even noticing the tiles because everything else was so superb. The rooms had glorious views of the beach and the rockpool. Each night we could open our huge windows and listen to the Hawaiian music from the motel next door or just hang out the window and watch the amazing array of ships passing by.The trolley stops are right outside the door, including the free trolleys and it is a main pick up point for all the tours. There is an ABC shop right next door as well as on every corner with quite reasonable prices on everything from food to souveniers.The hotel is a very short walk (100 metres maybe) from the beach and there are quite a few well priced family restuarants such as Wolfgang Pucks right next door. You can go to the beach for a quick swim or spend all day but you are so close to the hotel that you can run back for any bits, or even the luxury of your own bathroom.Snorkels, beach mats and an endless supply of clean beach towels are available from the front desk.The houskeepers do a wonderful job and our rooms were spotless every day.Leonore spoiled us so much that just saying 'thank you' became almost embarassingly insufficient.The basket of treats was a surprise, the fresh flowers every girls delight but the personally delivered breakfast when we were noticed missing one morning was beyond what any should expect.As any Mum knows, holiday or not, we do not really get time off. Leonore actually gave me a holiday! Some of the mundane 'Mum' jobs were done for me without my even considering requesting such a thing and some of the little treats were the sort of thing my sisters would do for me. We never returned without a friendly greeting from the wonderful staff who did everything to make our stay wonderful.Leonore proudly gave us a look at the new rooms and they are indeed lovely and will make the hotel a very pleasant place to stay but without Leonore, Terry and the fabulous staff it would still be just another hotel.If you are looking for an excellent location, excellent swimming and surfing and outstanding attention to every detail of your holiday this is the place to stay.Thank you Leonore, Terry and all the wonderful staff................the memories you helped create will stay with us always.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sdtravelguy
<Content>Small hotel, but great service Being in the hotel industry for many years, I am a bit of a hotel snob, but have to give 2 thumbs up to this property. From the minute I was checked in by a very nice and sweet kid, Keenan, I knew this was going to be a great stay. The rooms are very dated, but Leonor toured my partner and I through the new rooms and all we could say was WOW! The rooms are beautiful, well done and very inviting, and I can't wait to go back when they are complete! Leonor was such a delight, she made us feel very welcome, giving us hugs and just really giving a warm feeling. Do stay at this hotel, you will really like it!  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Coogee_Traveller
<Content>Friendly staff, great location I stayed at the Ocean Tower Hotel for a week in early May based on positive reviews from TripAdvisor. These reviews were completely fair. This was an affordable hotel, located footsteps to Waikiki Beach. The rooms were clean and quiet; the staff were friendly and accommodating. True, the hallways have tired carpet and the walls could do with some fresh wallpaper. But who cares about these trifles? This was a great hotel. (However, if you are watching your weight, give the continental breakfast -- peanut-and-jelly on toast, danishes and donuts -- a wide berth. Fortunately, the rooms come with mini-fridges so you can store some healthier options which you can purchase at one of the many ubiquitous 'ABC' convenience stores.)  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HulaOtter
<Content>How on earth did this place get such a high rating? My experience mirrored that of the previous reviewer. I have no idea how this hotel came to be rated as highly as it appears on this site. I travel extensively and have visited all of the major Hawaiian islands numerous time over the years.Relying solely upon the high Tripadvisor rating I arranged for two nights in two Deluxe Ocean View rooms for my wife and I and our two teens in late April 2007. We were on a stop-over en route to Kauai.Both rooms were on the 8th floor (building only has 9 floors) and were equally shabby and rundown. The hallway looked more in keeping with an early Soviet-era apartment building with fading institutional green paint and stained carpets. The rooms were spartan, the carpets stained, the bedspread threadbare and the bathroom had cracked and stained tiling.The rooms themselves were not dirty - I believe the cleaning staff was doing the best they could with what they had to work with - but the whole place is in desperate need of either a major renovation or tearing the building down. Even some of the furniture in the tiny lobby was so rundown you would be embarrassed to have it in your living room - that should be a clue as to the state of affairs of the rest of the place.Our rooms did have an ocean view (albeit across the top of an adjacent much larger hotel) and there was a complimentary breakfast (a small table set with a coffee urn, donuts and a pineapple juice dispenser) but neither were selling points in my mind.You are close to Waikiki Beach but at the seedier end of the beach walk (open drug use and many homeless people).The hotel staff was polite but did not distinguish themselves in any fashion. My wife and I had booked a king or queen size bed for our room and instead found two single beds that, because of furniture arrangements, could not even be combined into a double. We immediately raised this with the hotel desk but were told they were full and so nothing they could do. No apologies. Very unimpressive.In summary, if you can manage an exceptionally cheap price on a room here, and are just looking for a place to sleep, you may be satisfied with this hotel. However, you can find other places, perhaps not quite as close to Waikiki Beach but still within walking distance, that provide much more value for your money and certainly would put you in a better mood for your holidays.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>Briana18
<Content>Best Customer Service on the Island We just returned from a two week stay on the Island. Part of which we stayed at the Ocean Tower Hotel. Leonor really puts the C in Customer Service. The Ocean Tower is really lucky to have her. I can't wait until the remodel is finished.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>tripper3000
<Content>The Tripadvisor page is framed above reception! Yes it's good ... Location is good, room is average, but service is what really counted here - friendly answering emails, friendly at check-in, looked after my luggage, called my phone to let me know when I could check in (arrived early), friendly at check-out, organised the shuttle bus to the airport for me ... simply friendly.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>HappyinOklahoma
<Content>Very Happy With Spirit Of Excellence Of Hotel Staff- Esp. Fr. Leonor Wong  Before I went to Hawaii, I spent 8 hrs on the internet reading reviews trying to find the best hotel within my price range. Since I wasn鈥檛 renting a car, and this was my 1st trip to Hawaii, it was very important to get in a good, safe area with restaurants, convenience stores, and various places within walking distance. I got just that at Ocean Tower during my stay April 9th -18th, 2007.My good 1st impression of the hotel was formed when I arrived and the General Mgr. Terry came out and personally greeted me and advised me that he had placed water and refreshments in my room (very nice after a 13 hr trip with an 8-hr straight flight). I was also honored to get a room with a balcony overlooking the ocean as requested. From the beginning, I had the impression that the Mgr. Terry and the hotel staff would go above and beyond and out of their way, to do anything within in their power to exceed your expectations. As another example, near the end when I was almost out of cash and didn鈥檛 have the pin# on my newly assigned debit card, Mgr. Terry recommended that I try Travelers Checks at a bank鈥? But then stated, 鈥渋f you have a problem, please be sure come see me, and we can see what we (the hotel) can do to help you.鈥?This made me feel really taken care of as a guest. On my last day, when I was too busy packing to fix up and go down for coffee, I had asked if a staff member would drop a cup off at my door real quick. It was Terry the Mgr. who dropped it off himself. I was very impressed with the spirit of excellence, professionalism,  genuine warm hospitality of Mgr. Terry, Angie, Grace, Keenan, and Fai Yun. Local Hawaiians are the most amazingly kind, open, sincere, generous, and finest people I have ever seen anywhere in all of my travels.There then was LEONOR WONG. She is a truly exceptional and amazing lady. She came in (on her day off!) and sent me out with a beautiful homemade lei and flower, bottled water, and a box of chocolates! When she sat down to chat for 20 minutes, I could tell this was no ordinary woman. Her radiant enthusiasm, sincere love for people, and the wholehearted way she thoroughly loves and enjoys what she does, is what sets her apart like a bright shining light. Even though I am an accounting major, my work background and company puts a strong emphasis on outstanding customer service and people-centric skills. After meeting LEONOR WONG, I came back to Oklahoma inspired and re-fired to be an employee with that kind of excellence with people!!! This wonderful lady even called me a week after my trip to ask how I was, and to advise me that she was sending me coffee and a box of goodies!!! Leonor, Terry, and the Ocean Tower staff treated me with such respect, kindness, and care. They really made me very happy on my beautiful vacation. I look forward to recommending Ocean Tower (soon to be Hotel Renew) to everyone I know for years to come. From the bottom of my heart, Mahalo for your 鈥淎loha Spirit鈥?!! 鈥?R.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>b0atie
<Content>Worst Hotel in Years Yes, I travel alot, and thought I had seen some run-down dumps, but this is the worst hotel I've stayed in.I paid for the top class of room - a Delux Ocean View.The room was so old and shabby- not just marks but large holes in the carpetlarge sections of peeling and wrinkled ceilingdirty marks on all wallsold worn out bathroom and fittingsleaking taps, low water pressure, missing tilesI suspect the only reason that there were no bugs was that even bed bugs would not stay here.The air con was so noisy we could not sleep with it on, but noise from the air con in all the other rooms was so bad we could not sleep with the windows open.Breakfast included- what a joke! A couple of donuts, a loaf of bread and a domextic toaster on a tiny table in the lobby.Friendly service- well it was not unpleasant, but it did not extend beyond polite hellos from the staff. They were not able to help, for example, when we asked which Luau (they have a range of pamphlets in the lobby) we should book for.Just terriblly, terribly, run down- you felt dirty just staying there.I just cannot believe that the Tripadvisor reviews are genuine. Don't believe the rating on this hotel- stay somewhere else!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	2	

<Author>dookie1902
<Content>Excellent customer service! We spent months searching for the perfect place to stay for our 10th anniversary trip to Oahu. After reading several great reviews, we chose Ocean Tower.After having made the reservations on expedia.com, we called the hotel to see if we could reserve a king bed with a balcony. Nothing could be for sure but the nice young man said he would put us down for one.We arrived in Honolulu late, after a long flight. Check in for us was a breeze! In just a minute we had our key cards. We were well pleased with the room. We were able to get the king bed and balcony after all! Upon entering the room, we were greated with a cool clean room. We couldn't have been more pleased with our room. The was even a desk area where we were able to set up our lap top, and a safe, no extra charge.Leonor Wong met us the next morning with a smile and an offer of custard pie and fresh pineapple to share. She was very friendly as we chatted, she asked what we were in Hawaii for. We answered with it being our 10 year anniversary. After some exploring on the island we came back to our room to find champagn chilling in ice with glasses and box of chocolates and a beautiful flowering plant! We were thrilled and touched at the efforts this women and her staff and boss go to for their customers.We did breakfast a few times downstairs in the hotel. It was a nice little set up, with a toaster and bread, peanut butter and jelly. There were also some really delicious muffins and some other types of pasteries. The coffee was wonderful, there was hot tea and also pineapple juice. The lobby area was a great place to sit and sip your coffee and nibble on the yummy muffins.Grace, the front desk girl was very friendly and helpful. I was suprised that as many people they have in and out daily, she remembered my last name and we had not actually met. She was helpful to print out driving directions for us several times and had clean beach towels for us each day when we headed out.The location of the hotel was great.We had an ocean view room even though we didn't pay for one. That was nice.The beach is a 2 minute walk, and the ABC store right next to Ocean Tower. It is within walking distance of many great resturants and shops.Over all, our stay was a wonderful time for us. We had tons of fun all day long and then had a nice cool, clean room to come back to and relax. When it came time for us to check out, Leonor present us with handmade leis she had made for us. We were very touched. Then she handed us a little basket with more chocolates and macadamia nuts! She also sent me away with fresh baked banana bread too! We really felt special. This place is a people friendly place. They treat each guest as though they were the most special. I have never seen this high quality customer service before in my life!If you are looking for a place to stay that is close to the beach, this is it. This is the place to stay no matter what. I do know they are upgrading their rooms and we were able to see 2 of these finished rooms. Wow.This hotel is probably going to go up to a 4 star rating.When we return to Oahu oneday we will be staying with Ocean Tower. These are some special people and they are doing it right!  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MandMfromCT
<Content>Loved it....Location and Friendly Staff!!! We stayed here because it was #1 on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed at all! It was such a great location with extremely friendly staff, we stayed an extra week! The manager, Terry, head of housekeeping, Leonor and our housekeeper, Tina were all very helpful with anything we needed / wanted! They were around on a regular basis to interact w/ guests and offer a friendly hello. It is a smaller hotel w/ only 9 floors, so we found it to be extremely quiet. It is located just 1/2 block from the beach so walking back and forth all day long was no big deal. They offer free towels and beach mats at the front desk as well! Would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a GREAT value! We can't wait to get back! MM from CT  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SouthernSweetT
<Content>You don't have to be fancy to be FABULOUS The other reviewers are right - this hotel is Top Notch in customer service. We stayed five nights. The room was clean and neat, but dated. They are remodeling (and the rooms will be lovely!) but who spends time in a hotel room when in Waikiki??? From the desk clerks to the maintenance man, everyone was helpful, friendly and glad to have us stay with them. We received assistance with transportation, info on restaurants, directions to sites, ways to save money...every person there was helpful and seemed HAPPY! Ms. Leonore Wong is fast becoming an internet star within these reviews! She prides herself on providing what matters most to travelers - a true welcome and a helpful staff. I've spent $200+ at hotels that could not care if you were there or not. The folks at Ocean Tower really do want you to enjoy your stay and come back again.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yakkha & Zack
<Content>The Tripadvisor Community has FAILED with this one!!!! Location and price does NOT make a great hotel! This is the NUMBER 1 hotel in Honolulu??????!!!! Do NOT be fooled by these grossly overinflated Tripadvisor ratings. This place is actually a fourth rate dumpy hotel with a great location and nice staff. Everything is old, run down, shabby, ugly. The rooms and hallways stink of unidentified odors. The first excuse for a room we stayed in was dirty, stained and the A/C unit made so many strange noises that it was hard to sleep. So, we switched rooms.......The second room (more expensive) was still rundown and smelled bad. So, we were forced to switch again.......The third room was in need of a complete makeover, as is the entire hotel. Luckily, the hotel is getting a complete overhaul (and I'm sure the prices will reflect that). Have you ever seen the show Flip This House? How about Flip This Hotel! In Las Vegas this hotel would be immediately imploded.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	4	4	2	

<Author>surfjet1
<Content>Stayed 18 Days here and it was great!!       North Shore  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xkinetic
<Content>Super customer service, super old hotel! The hotel looks a bit old from the outside, but stepping into the lobby is a big shocker.The lobby is modern and clean. Nice little waiting area, and extremely friendly staff.But once you get into the elevator, you feel like you're in a different hotel than the lobby is affiliated with.The elevator is old, but doesn't feel scary.Once you get to the halls, it feels like you're in a very very old hotel that you seen in those old movies, but not just the style is old, it just looks old. Doors are old, the tiles in the bathrooms are old, the beds aren't very good with stiff springs.It's clean, but the window sills had tons of ciggaret butts on it. Overall, a good deal, but not he most appealing of rooms at all.I'm glad I was only staying for two nights, the remainder and beginning of my vacation being in Kauai at the ResortQuest in Kapa'a which was 90 times better in all respects, and almost the same price.The only thing that keeps me thinking about this place, is the super nice customer service. That's about all they have going for them though. They also have promise for a total remodel which looks pretty darn cool =)Check back in a year or two, otherwise I would pay a bit more for something more comfortable / new.I am kind of a picky person, especially on this trip with my girlfriend, but if you're really just roughing it with a bunch of friends, go for it. It's clean, safe, and friendly.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>muchiemoo
<Content>A Perfect Hotel for a Perfect Getaway!!!!!! My husband and I just returned from a five day trip to Waikiki - my first time there, and we were thrilled with our choice to stay at Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel. We would definitely stay there again! As many others have already mentioned, the staff is like none other I've EVER met in a hotel. We felt like family in just a few short days. They even hugged us good-bye when we left!! Every single staff member that we encountered greeted us with a big smile, hello and answered many questions that we had about dining, directions, tips, souvenir ideas, sightseeing, etc. They offered to special order us our favorite donuts to be delivered first thing in the morning when their breakfast pastries were delivered. They set aside our favorite pastries for us while we went shopping so they wouldn't all get eaten up during the continental breakfast. We had a late flight out and they allowed us to check out as late as possible during the day and then still extended us the option to come back later in the day if we got tired to stay in their complimentary room. They showed us one of the completed newly renovated rooms, which is just lovely. It has a modern, asian look and feel to it. Very beautiful! I cannot wait to come back and stay in one of the new rooms! They said the renovations were supposed to be completed this summer, but things have been put on hold for now and they're not sure yet when all the renovations will be done. The walls are a little thin and one night our neighbor had his tv up way too loud all night. At about 3 am we finally called the front desk and they immediately took care of the problem. They went to our floor and discovered that there were actually about four rooms near us that all had loud tvs. They contacted all rooms by phone, except for one, and the security guard took care of the other room. We slept like babies the rest of the time!! Leonor, the manager, made me a beautiful purple lei to take with me as a souvenir from our trip and stay there. If you're unsure about whether or not this would be a good place to stay, I can assure you you'll be glad you stayed there. It's only one block from the beach. It's very clean and there are two Great restuarants at the hotel next door - the Tiki Grill and Wolfgang Puck Express. We ate at both places twice, they were that good and with very reasonable prices, too. Tiki Grill was a bit more expensive with a beautiful ocean view, but we just ordered several appetizers. The coconut shrimp was awesome and they had very good salmon. We had the Asian Noodle Salad at Wolfgang Puck, which also has an ocean view, but they also have great pizzas and sandwiches. For parking, we kept our car at a garage about a block 1/2 away from the hotel for only $8/day instead of $15/day at the hotel. You won't disappointed if you stay here!!!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JeremyWood
<Content>Excellent Service - Beyond Expectations - Fantastic Price! We spent two nights at the Aqua Ocean Towers before a 7 night Hawaii cruise. We're a family of 4 and the room was very pleasant with an ocean view for ONLY $110/night.The morning continental breakfast (included) was just what we needed to start each day.The staff were very friendly and helpful. Each day they gave us beach towels and Boogie boards to take to the beach.What really blew us away, was when we returned from our cruise a week later and had from 8AM to 11PM to spend in Oahu. We rented a car and visited some beaches on the north shore and returned to Waikiki for dinner. I had no place to park the car and decided to return to the Ocean Towers to see if they would allow us to park in their lot, even though we where no longer guests.Leonor Wong, Executive Housekeeper, and Terry Dowsett, General Manager, immediately recognized us and warmly welcomed us. Not only did they allow us to park, they saw that we were covered in beach sand and graciously opened a room and allowed the four of us to take a shower and get out of our beach clothes. How great it felt to have a warm shower and put clean clothes on for dinner and the flight home.This was way beyond anything we expected and why we highly recommend the Aqua Ocean Towers hotel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tntpdx
<Content>Excellent location; great staff The Aqua Ocean Tower location is perfect; 1/2 block off the beach at the end of Kalakaua. Close to Kapiolani Park and at the quieter end of Waikiki. It was a great value and very comfortable. Our room had a view down the street right to the ocean. It was amazing. The property is undergoing renovation to be completed summer 2007 and the updated rooms are going to be fabulous (we got to see a model unit); currently the rooms are clean, tidy but a bit outdated with early '90s color scheme and decor. Beds are very comfortable, bathroom is good sized and very clean. There is a large closet and a little vanity counter and a small mini fridge which was good for storing cold drinks, snacks and leftovers. The continental breakfast is a great bonus as are the complimentary beach towels and chairs. The staff is top notch and very friendly; from the daily housekeeping to the porters to the front desk staff. My husband was sick one day and the staff took really good care of him. I would stay here again in a heartbeat; I only hope we can afford it after the remodel!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>spikenjasmin
<Content>Excellent services My fiance and I just returned from Oahu, Hawaii. During our stayed, we chose Aqua Ocean Tower because of it location (just a few steps away from the beach) and the price was affordable. What we didnt expected was their services were way beyond our expectation. Grace, the receptionist, is very friendly, since we checked in so early and the room wasn't available 'til 3pm, we left our luggages at the hotel's lobby, my fiance and I took off for some shopping, when we came back, our luggages were already in the room. Since Grace knew we just got engaged, she gave us a room with a balcony and ocean view to congratulate us. The next day, my fiance and I met Leonor, the executive housekeeper, she is a gem. Leonor is friendly, sweet and thoughtful. After knowing I liked the flowers that were dispayed at the lobby, and knowing that we just got engaged, the very next day, she delivered a bouquet of my favorite flowers to our room plus a bottle of champagne. Every morning, she greeted all of us at the hotel's lobby and asked if anything she can do to make our stay more pleasant. My fiance and I, we were grateful for their services and definetely we'll be back.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hattiesfinegold
<Content>Great stay at Ocean Tower Hotel         
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bill_Suzanne_FL
<Content>Great little place to stay! After reading the reviews on this site, my wife and I decided to give the hotel a shot....and we were not disapointed! Leonor was fantastic, we had chocolates in our room the first night and a bottle of champagne the 2nd night. You can tell she, and the entire staff, truly love what they do! Our room, albeit outdated, was just what we were looking for, safe, clean, comfortable, close to everything and cheap! This is not a place to stay if you are looking to spend a great deal of time in your room, as they are on the smaller side, or by a pool, however, you do not go to Hawaii to sit in your room or by a pool anyway-the beach is  100 steps from the front door! This hotel fits the bill.While in Hawaii, a few recommendations, visit Sandy's beach park (about 15 minutes from the hotel), the drive to the beach alone is worth the trip and watching the local body boarders/surfers is truly a sight when the waves are breaking on the beach. Also, take the drive from Sandy's beach park up to Weimea bay. It is one of the best road trips you can take. Lots of unique shops/eateries along the way, and the scenery is awesome. Roundtrip its only about 2 hours, but well worth it! And try the sweet corn, prawns and shaved ice you can buy from the roadside vendors along the way. Leonor and the staff printed off directions, and even looked up the surf forecasts for us during our stay to pick the best days to visit beaches like sunset and Weimea while the waves were HUGE. Truly a sight to see! Thanks again to Leonor and the entire staff. We'll be back again some day soon!Bill and Suzanne M. (April 19-21 2007)  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Japan0325
<Content>Great hotel, great location Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights as part of our honeymoon. Treated extremely well with great service. Location is great as it is, very close to shops and entertainment and far enough away not to hear the noise from bars etc. at night. Its also right beside the beach. Stayed in one of the older rooms (soon to be renovated) which was satisfactory but were shown one of the recently renovated rooms which in my opinion is one of the nicest hotel rooms I've ever seen. When the room renovation is completed later this year, this hotel will be comparable, if not better than some of the top hotels in hawaii.The free breakfast is also a nice touch and saves a few extra bucks.Will definitely be staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>colinda2004
<Content>Good service-old, dated hotel We recently stayed at the Ocean Tower for two nights on a brief stay over in Honolulu. While I have to agree that the service was good, the rooms are so dated and run down that I have trouble rating the experience anything but average. Of course, I knew what I was getting from the previous reviews but I expected that some items would be maintained better. For example, our window shade was broken and the towel rack kept falling out of the wall. While I have no doubts the new rooms will be beautiful and of very high quality, that doesn't excuse a current lack of regular upkeep on the rooms that are not renovated yet.The location was perfect for us with the beach and Diamond Head within a short walk. Lenore and the rest of the staff were wonderful and so helpful in all ways. They are to be highly commended on their attnetion to service. The staff even provided champagne for us on our annivarsary which was a nice touch. All in all, a good hotel which will probably be great once the renovations are complete. However, at this time just be sure you know what to expect when you arrive. It will make your stay much more pleasant and allow you to enjoy the hospitaility nd graciousness of the staff.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>jane1949Statesville
<Content>Awesome! I recently visited Hawaii with a travel group from Mooresville, NC. We had the pleasure of staying at Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel on Waikiki Beach in Honolulu. I was extremely pleased with the hotel as well as the staff. The staff went beyond the call of duty to be accomodating for us. I highly reccommend this hotel to everyone coming to this area for a visit.. Both Terry and Leonor should be proud of this establishment . I can't imagine them getting anything but positive reviews.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fergyhonda
<Content>service was execelent the staff at the tower were the best...thanks grace and specialy leanor...we hope to come back and see you again....thanks once again, john @ vicky  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rrm2957
<Content>Two thumbs up for Aqua Ocean Tower on Waikiki Beach       View from our room  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>vancouverbound
<Content>Bedbugs! But Good Staff. The Ocean Tower does have great, friendly staff, but our room also had bedbugs. On the last day we figured out what the dark blobs on the sheets were and managed to catch some of the critters. I was a bit surprised no compensation was offered when we checked out and offered proof of the problem.The room had a view over the adjacent hotel terrace to the ocean. Decor was very tired, but as others have noted it is being completely redone. The lanai view had an uninspired view of the surrounding highrises. The location down near Kapiolani Park is nice, and not as congested as the centre of Waikiki. the complimentary breakfast was a nice touch, and fresh. And as mentioned the staff were very good.Once the hotel is redone I'm sure prices will take a big jump, making it less of a value.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>snaky26
<Content>We would keep this hidden gem to ourselves, but we'll play nice and share. We stumbled upon this hotel via the Web two days before we left for Waikiki. We wanted simple: a place close to the beach with conveniences nearby. We got what we wanted and then some. The location is fantastic (a half block away from the beach). The hotel is small; the longest we ever waited for an elevator was maybe 15 seconds. The continental breakfast was all we needed to get us going for the day. Rooms are spacious, and after the ongoing renovation, they will be gorgeous. But the thing that made this such a wonderful stay was the people. My fianc茅 and I are in customer service so we know good care, and boy did we get it! From the front desk to housekeeping, the staff was warm, accommodating, and genuine.And, if you've read other reviews about this hotel, you've no doubt gotten wind of staff superstar Leonore, the Ambassador of Aloha. She is the embodiment of aloha. Our experience with her blossomed from the first time we met her when she grabbed some chairs for us to eat breakfast in the lobby until she graced us with leis she made herself for our trip home on our rushed exit out of the hotel. (Thanks to Roberts Hawaii shuttle for arriving 45 minutes early and robbing us of a proper goodbye.) This woman goes way above and way beyond the call of duty. When she found out we were engaged and considering getting married on Oahu, she sent us champagne, flowers and chocolates to our room. I think she would've even found a way to officiate the wedding herself if we had been motivated enough to pursue marriage plans during the visit. Alas, we were too busy relaxing on the beach to bother with such business.When we return to Oahu, little Leonore will be a big reason we attempt to get a room at the Aqua Ocean Tower. She is the brightest jewel in this hidden gem of a hotel.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SusiQIdaho
<Content>Fun in the Sun       momma in front of Ocean Tower Motel  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mlovely917
<Content>Ocean Tower-Great pick!       View from our room  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Photo_Walkers
<Content>Leonor's Fan Club Members Remember...       Looking from Aquarium area toward Hotel  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>pamochon
<Content>Ocean Tower Hotel offers excellent hospitality. Aloha! The hotel is a perfect place for comfortable vacations. Excellent location, Waikiki Beach is very, very close. The staff super friendly and helpfull. Leonor was awesome, she trated us very well as the front desk employee, Grace, Keenan and Fancy. The service was amazing and breakfast very good. The room was clean and had a safe and refrigerator. We would there for sure on our next vacation.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ElRocoNegro
<Content>Fantastic find close to the beach We recently returned from a week long stay at the Ocean Tower, located just a half a block away from Waikiki Beach in Honolulu. We were astounded by the level of service that the staff offered us at this hotel. Every staff member we were in contact with was bright, cheerful, and very willing to help us in any way that they could. Besides the usual room maintenance, we had a special treat in our room every day the delighted us. I have never had such special treatment at a hotel. The hotel is very reasonably priced and provides excellent value. The room we stayed in had a great view of Diamondhead off the lanai, and Waikiki beach with surfers everywhere out the other window. This particular room was old and had some funkiness to it, although it was very clean and well-maintained. The hotel is going through a major renovation, and we had the opportunity to view one of the new rooms. It was incredibly beautiful and well-furnished in a somewhat Japanese motif. When all the rooms are renovated like this one, this will be a truly outstanding place to stay, and so close to great restaurants, stores, bars, and the beach. We did not rent a car, and had a great time.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>m4misfit
<Content>Extraordinary Hospitality :O) My cousin and I stayed at this property after a few friends mentioned they had a good time there a couple weeks prior. Our stay was from Mar.11th to the 16th and the service was wonderful the whole way through. I work for an airline and have already mentioned this place to many of my co-workers; it's affordable, has complimentary continental breakfasts, the rooms are decent, and the location is perfect. There's an ABC store right outside which is very convenient for late night snacks or sandwiches for lunch! And best of all, waikiki beach is just steps away literally! They're doing renovations right now and the Executive Housekeeper, Leonor Wong, was kind enough to show us what a couple of the new and improved rooms look like and they are really nice; they have a very modern, classy look with plasma tv's on the wall, an overall more roomy look and the bathrooms are super nice too! The staff was amazing; Leonor treated us very well as well as the general manager Terry...I haven't been treated that well on any other vacation before! We got to know a couple of the front desk employees, Grace and Keenan, and they very helpful our stay also. They were friendly, knowledgeable, and gave us good advice on places to check out!When we go back, we are definitely going to stay here again :O)  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ribaker
<Content>Ocean Tower Hotel Offers Excellent Customer Service The staff of the Ocean Towel Hotel provided excellent customer service. We were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary, and the staff surprised us with champagne, special leis, and a cake to share with our friends. They also provided excellent information on local things to see and do. The rooms are old, but very clean. The hotel is currently undergoing renovation, and the new rooms will be A+++. Get there while you can, and enjoy! Great proximity to the beach and the International Market.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jadsmith
<Content>excellent aloha here!       Steps to the beach!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>HawaiitripPriceUtah
<Content>Ocean Tower - I'd stay again! Our family stayed at Ocean Tower Hotel on our recent trip to Hawaii February 22, 2007 to March 4, 2007. Our experience was a very good one. The room was clean and we had plenty of room for 4 of us. It was nice to have the full bathroom and an additional area outside of the bathroom with a mirror an counter for all of us to have room to get ready in the mornings. The room had a safe and a refrigerator which was nice. It was close enough to the beach that the teenagers went to the beach every day. All of the staff was very accomodating in every aspect. They helped with luggage, supplied beach towels, information on things to do, excursions etc. The parking was limited on site but there was parking close by that was reasonable and worked for us. The breakfast was very good. The hotel is in the process of remodiling which will make decor more up to date. We were actually fine with things like they were. We really appreciated the extra efforts to accomodate our late checkout because of a late flight home. The price was excellent for the great location. We would definately stay there again! Jackie Shorts - Price, Utah  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Grandmo
<Content>Loved the Executive Housekeeper       View from the beach  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>honeybee  2002
<Content>You Are A Person, Not Just A Room Number We stayed Feb. 9th. Cruised the islands for 11 days and then stayed another 7 days. We asked for the same room. The view was great. 4808 ocean front. These people are the best. I always stay at a different hotel every time I go to Hawaii but from now on my only hotel will be the Ocean Tower. I have stayed at the Hyatt and other 5 star hotels, only to find that you are just a room number and you are on your own. At the Ocean Tower you are treated special everyday. If you get a chance to go to Hawaii be sure to stay at the Ocean Tower. From the manager, front desk to house keeping you will be made to feel like you are someone very special. This hotel and employees are the best. Hope to return next year. Thanks, S. Bringle and T. Valdez  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WhitehorseAdventurer
<Content>Exactly what we wanted We looked at reviews before we left for our holiday in Waikiki. The reviews for a hotel in our price range were really bad. They warned about bad service and bugs. We didn't want to reserve something sight unseen and have a bad experience! So when we arrived we rented a car and set out to look for a place to stay. We inquired in at least 15 places. Some had a room but it was too expensive. A few were too skuzzy. Most had no room. The first night we slept in the car, after searching for hours, my husband said with 20-20 hindsightthat's why people reserve. The next morning was bright and beautiful and we were hopeful. We started looking right away. We parked by the Zoo and walked up the main beach area, took a turn and down just one block from the beach we saw a hotel with a vacancy sign. We went in to inquire and they had room! Wow. They invited us to enjoy the continental breakfast that they serve every morning. Leonor and Grace were very friendly, and the price was right. Our room was clean, with fresh flowers, and complimentary chocolates (that are irresitable). Leonor said if we wanted to borrow buggie boards or towels for the beach, she had a supply to loan us at no charge. We did it all, the beach, the boards, the shopping, the dinning, it was all close and wonderful. The best part was the warm service, with complimentary champagne to our room and Leonor made me a beautiful laie to take. Mahalo! The hotel is getting an extensive upgrade so be sure to ask about the new rooms.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wcampbell
<Content>A good value while visiting Waikiki The Aqua Ocean Tower was perfect for my needs. I wanted a clean, comfortable room close to the beach. I wasn't looking for fancy amenities. There was a nice breakfast buffet every morning, and the rooms were clean and comfortable. Staff was always pleasant, polite, and helpful. Ms. Leonor Wong, Executive Housekeeper, was always checking with me to see that things were going well. I will stay at the Aqua Ocean Tower again next time I visit Waikiki.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moreSouthern
<Content>Good Time in Waikiki My wife and I had a very nice time in Waikiki. We wanted to have a good time and not spend too much money. We booked a standard room at the Ocean Tower Hotel. Renovations are going on now to upgrade all the rooms. Our first room was clean and met our needs. But one night we had a small problem with a sprinkler in our room. To take care of the problem we were given a deluxe ocean view room for the same price. This made the vacation so much nicer, getting up in the morning and looking at the ocean. I have Leonor Wong to thank for this and many other things she did to make are stay so nice. When we go back to Waikiki we will stay at the Ocean Tower Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saxygirlVancouver
<Content>Loved the staff! The Ocean Tower resort was a great location, very close to beach and all amenities. The room wasn't huge, but it was very clean. The staff was what made this resort stand out from others we have visited. They were super friendly and very accomodating. They made a point of getting to know your name and calling you by name. Leonor Wong, Executive Housekeeper of the resort was outstanding with customer service. We loved her!! We would return to this resort in a heartbeat because of the combination of Leonor Wong, the service, cleanliness, and value pricing.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TaylorK7
<Content>New found second home After coming to Waikiki every few months, I have now found my new second home. From Checking in, to checking out it all went so smoothly! Leonor Wong made the trip amazing. She did more than enough! See gave us chocolates, champagne, a candle and above all she went out of her way to provide great service. I work in the airline industry and I will be recommending this hotel to all of my coworkers and would recommend this hotel to any other traveller as well. I cant wait for my next visit to Waikiki now!-Taylor - from Vancouver, Canada  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vancouverites604
<Content>Would always recommend Excellent location, very friendly and helpful staff, our room was very clean and comfortable, (fridge, safe and internet access, and complimentary breakfast), the hotel manager was very nice and helpfull - all in all, I strongly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenebean
<Content>Close To The Beach.. and now My Heart - Ocean Tower Resort We have just returned from 10 days at the Aqua Ocean Tower Resort in Waikiki Beach, HI. While this hotel would not be your choice if you are looking for luxury, it is extremely clean and the staff was so friendly and helpful that we considered them friends upon our departure. There were 3 of us - we stayed in a room with 2 double beds, and had more than enough room for our stay. The location of this hotel is KEY! It is only 1 block from the beach, as well as most trolley and bus stops. It is within walking distance of the Honolulu Zoo, Aquarium and many of the shopping plazas and restaurants. We never even had the need to rent a car!! They are currently in the process of renovating their rooms. Even when you were in the room during the day, you did NOT hear the renovations being done on the other floors. Renovations on all floors are to be done in June 2007. We had the opportunity to take a look at a couple of the finished rooms. The new rooms are absolutely BEAUTIFUL! You feel more like you are in your bedroom at home than in a hotel. While this was certainly not the most lavish hotel that I have ever stayed in, it was quite possibly among the best hotel experiences that I have ever had. I will definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family for any trips that they plan to Oahu.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonandjulie
<Content>Best Hotel in Waikiki Absolutely fantastic hotel and they are upgrading to boot! We were booked for another hotel down the street and they didn't have a king size bed so we had Expedia transfer us to Ocean Tower since we had stayed there last year. We were met with open arms and felt so welcome! The housekeeping manager, Leonor, was so friendly and made us feel like royalty! We are definitely booking all our future trips with them! Everyone should do the same and make sure to say hi to Leonor and tell her Jon and Julie sent you.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brewzey
<Content>Best experience so far This hotel is nice and once remodeling is finished absolutely beautiful!! Its in a great location. You can walk to just about everything and if not you are close to free trolleys and the bus. They are the friendliest staff. Make you feel very welcome as if they know you. And will go out of their way to please you. I highly recommend this hotel!!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alexizsf
<Content>Best place to stay on Waikiki Beach When my wife Lisa and I think back on our 2006 Hawaii vacation, many good times come to mind. One of the major contributions that shed light on our vacation was staying at the deluxe Ocean Tower Hotel in Waikiki. Ocean Tower not only treated us like family, but in addition made every one of our requests come true. We truly felt like royalty in a grand palace. Ocean Tower Hotel had unbelievable customer service, all the way from their concierges to the bartenders. Our stay at this hotel was one of a kind because everything was clean and sanitary, and we felt welcome to the point where we jokingly call it our 鈥渟econd home鈥?now. A truly special person that contributed to our exceptional stay in Hawaii was Leonor Wong, who is the executive house keeper at the hotel. Leonor took care of our every need and made our trip to Hawaii one to remember!!! We would like to thank the staff at Ocean Tower for making our dreams a reality and embrace the quality of this hotel for their Utopia style treatment towards their guests.Thank you very much.Alex  Lisa Gershfang  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TXSeaWarrior
<Content>Five Star Service at an Affordable Price This is the second time we stayed at the Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel within the past year and quite frankly we would not recommend staying anywhere else in Honolulu. The service was five star and it came at an affordable price. The staff from the general manager, to the head of housekeeping, to the housekeeping staff, to security, to the front desk were all very friendly, competent, and responsive. They made you feel like family. While the newly rennovated rooms are really going to be something (having viewed the models that were just completed prior to our last stay), I am just afraid that the secret will get out and this great niche hotel will be tough to get a reservation at. Even the older rooms while being dated, were very clean and comfortable. The hotel is located one half block off Waikki Beach and is convenient to a number of fine attractions and restaurants. Self parking just a half a block away was very reasonable.Lets face it, while in Hawaii, you really don't want to spend all your time and money in your hotel room, so do the next best thing by staying this hotel. If you need anything, do not hesiate to ask. The staff just could not do enough for you.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juniorfish
<Content>Good deal for the price The Ocean Tower was less expensive than other hotels in the immediate vacinity. While the place is not fancy and shows a little wear in the corners (remodelling underway), it has all the basics, is clean and very convenient (less than a block) to the beach. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Continental breakfast is not much but what do expect for free? The only serious shortcoming is very limited parking but the staff will direct you to a parking garage one block away with come-and-go parking for $8.00/24hrs. I would happily stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>naclhho
<Content>Great Value and Excellent Staff We were pleasantly surprised by the excellent quality of the Ocean Tower Hotel. All of the hotel staff, from the manager to all of the maids, made us feel special and treated us as if we were family. Our room included a refrigerator, microwave, coffee pot with coffee, iron /ironing board, TV, and a hanging closet at no extra charge. The bathroom includes a full size tub/shower combination with plenty of hot water any time of the day or night. The room was spotlessly cleaned everyday and supplied with fresh linens and towels.Every morning we were treated to a delicious continental breakfast in the lobby area, which was constantly attended to.Be sure to check out this hotel. You will find the hotel manager, Terry, the housekeeping manager, Leonor, and all of the staff will go above and beyond your expectations to make you feel like one of their family. We definitely recommend the Ocean Tower Hotel. Their rates are right and the hotel is less than a block from Waikiki Beach. Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jlpavao
<Content>ocean tower I didn't expect much for the reasonable price I paid for this hotel, but I was a was quite surprised. Our room had a somewhat decend view of Waikiki Beach. The rooms were so-so but as we were leaving the hotel was getting ready to do renovations from what I understand. But what impressed me most of all was the staff. From the minute we checked in we had nothing but the best from them. They were all very polite, helpful, and accommodating. For example, Upon our two week stay there we became friendly with one of the staff members and it was my birthday during this time. She went out of her way to bring in a cake for me and make me a lei on my birthday. Now thats what I call friendly service!!JP-Rhode Island  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Moose13
<Content>Great location  Great location only 2 blocks from the beach. The staff couldn't be more helpful. Someone was always available to take care of what ever you needed, especially Leonor.Only bad thing was the small number of on-site parking spaces.On my next trip back, I'll definitely look to stay at the Aqua Ocean Tower.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>coruna-7
<Content>Hawaii I really like the trip to Hawaii, and I think that everybody in the hotel was really nice to us in every think, the rooms were really clean, the breakfast were good too, and all the people help me when I had a question. I would come to the same hotel if I'll return to Hawaii. It was a really good experience.Ana  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trevor105
<Content>We loved our stay at the Ocean Tower Hotel, Waikiki Beach I would have to say that our stay at the Ocean Tower Hotel in Waikiki Beach was excellent. To me this was the best hotel experience I have ever had. The room was great and the prices were great. The staff made you feel like family. They always had the Aloha Spirit. I will definitely stay at Ocean Tower Hotel everytime I go to Waikiki Beach and I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>uncanuck
<Content>Excellent price and very friendly staff. My wife and I stayed at the Aqua Ocean for 13 nights over Christmas 2006. The hotel site that we used (hotels.com?) ranked Aqua Ocean 2 stars and the price was around $100/night at the start ($150/night over Christmas) so we weren't expecting much.However we were very pleased. The hotel staff were very friendly and very helpful. The hotel was very clean, our room was cleaned well (but not exceptionally well). We also enjoyed great 60 minute massages for only $70 each.The hotel does not offer a pool but it's only a block from the beach. There's also no parking but if you have a car there is a public parking garage a block away.We'll definitely be staying at Aqua Ocean next time we visit Honolulu.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>Fidlguy
<Content>Not to be Overlooked! I love staying at this hotel. I booked it the first time because of the price and didn't even know for sure where it was located. I was shocked to find it directly across from the Marriott and only 1/2 block to the beach! It only got better from there. To say they believe in customer service is an understatement. They go out of their way to make you feel special. I have stayed there three times and each time am even happier. I upgraded to ocean view rooms and was shocked at how nice the view is. I hate to tell anyone about this hotel because I consider it my secret hideaway. Lenore Wong, who I believe is in charge of customer service really makes you feel special at this hotel. Each time I stay she makes me feel like she remembers me especially and provides information on any activity that I ask about. There may be fancier hotels, but few that I feel as home at as this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>wannagoNewZealand
<Content>Excellent, would stay anytime We stayed here by default when our other booked accommodation fell throughThey were great, the room was clean, cool, spaciousthe staff were helpfulOne staff member went out of her way to help when a tour failed to pick us upAnother staff member supplied us with refreshments even after we had booked out and were waiting for transferWould stay here anytime  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pg83
<Content>great value for money The hotel is very near the sea...I think about 30 seconds on foot!The rooms are comfortable and clean. No luxury but very good value for money, if we consider the wonderful location of this hotel. Moreover, the staff is extremely kind, friendly and willing to help you...I will never forget the housekeeping manager, who was so sweet, and always gave me breakfast (and in abundant helping) after 10.00 am, since I was always late (let's say I enjoyed Honolulu's nightlife...). All in all, the aloha spirit is so evident in this hotel, which I strongly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ermguy
<Content>Great deal for the price, service and location! We stayed at the Ocean Tower early December for several days.The hotel is minutes from the beach and our room was very clean, spacious and inviting. The staff at this hotel were very accomodating to our requests...they even supplied us with boogie boards and beach towels. Their manager Leonor delivered service that was above and beyond the call of duty. She treated us and our friends like family. Would recommend the Ocean Tower to all without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>jp47
<Content>A Nice Place to Stay A good value near Waikiki beach. Highlight was the emphasis on making guests feel welcome. Housekeeping (especially Leonor) went out of their/her way with a lot of little touches. She made homemade lei's for my wife and I. Really enjoyed our stay there and would go back.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tanzenite
<Content>Spirit of Aloha   showReview(6633662, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Luvv2Travel
<Content>Loud, Poor Service   showReview(6521885, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>AndrewHHH
<Content>Pleasantly surprised, great deal for a modestly nice hotel close to the beach!       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Chris14
<Content>A rare gem hidden in Waikiki   showReview(6339994, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>scheidtmaser
<Content>Exceeded Expectations   showReview(6184029, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelbug32308
<Content>Well kept secret in Waikiki   showReview(5962370, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OklahomaGolfer
<Content>Great Value   showReview(5835513, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>maynard7
<Content>Average budget hotel in Honolulu with good service   showReview(5773143, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, tired hotel.       sunset at Waikiki  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CravingTheSun
<Content>Best value, awesome vacation!!       View from Room 802  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FloEtLo
<Content>H么tel design et chaleureux   showReview(22519498, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>姘椼伀鍏ャ仯銇︺亜銇俱仚   showReview(22291355, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>paperino76
<Content>Eccezionale!!!!       Leonord e Ale  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>danaika
<Content>hotel super   showReview(17682807, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Definitiv eine sehr empfehlenswerte Unterkunft   showReview(16594622, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>giovi75
<Content>fantastico!!!   showReview(10607365, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super top.   showReview(11664743, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>wonderful staff   showReview(11664741, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>il piu' economico a waikiki   showReview(11664742, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cek78
<Content>Fantastico hotel boutique nel cuore di Honolulu! Ottimo rapporto qualit脿/prezzo.       Foto 8  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11430030, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tout a ete dit...   showReview(11414139, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltnis ist absolut spitze!   showReview(11414138, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

