<Author>motions
<Content>Perfect Location and Wonderful Hotel My family and I stayed for one night to see a show at the Wang, (located accross street). We loved the hotel and the staff was exceptionally friendly. Check in was a breeze and from there on we had a great stay. Also, the hotel doesn't nickel and dime you to death with fees...We received a roll away bed at no fee, internet is free and coffe in the lobby is free as well. Also, we had the breakfast buffet and it was excellent, all our children ate free. The concierge was soo friendly and the list goes on and on...I cannot understand how anyone could say the hotel is old and deteriorating, it was a beautiful propert, with charm, and our room on the 11th floor was very clean and everything was new. Also, we checked in at 1:00 with no problem.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blacktorch
<Content>nice location but bit of a dump Great location, but tired dirty old hotel, friendly receptionists, but the hotel is very tired looking with few facilities,  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	5	2	3	

<Author>bkafrick
<Content>Not all that impressed Spent one night here in December. Its a hotel with character. I like that typically. The hotel itself was fine... but the whole experience was lacking.The room was small. Typical city hotel. Room only slightly bigger than the king size bed. Nice desk, love the Courtyard task chair. TV is mounted to the wall, off-center from the bed. Like previous posters, yes, this is weird.Internet is wired, and is sloooooooow.Noise is typical for a city. You can hear sirens, cabs honking, etc. I'd imagine if I was on an upper floor, it'd be better. I was on 6, which I believe is their lowest floor for guest rooms.You could hear music coming from one of the clubs located in the hotel proper. Roxy maybe? The area is nice. Its the theater district. Close walk to either the Orange line, or the Green line subway (the T). Don't drive in Boston. Its nuts. Parking here is $36 for valet. The valet was useless...only one person on duty at a time. Wait to retrieve you car is 15+ minutes. Plan accordingly. Price was decent for the city... anything less that $200 in downtown boston is decent, IMHO. I guess you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellerGal
<Content>Location, Location, Location We booked this hotel last minute via Priceline as we were hoping to find a reasonable price for a hotel room in a central location under $150 and in Boston that's a pretty tall order.We arrived at the hotel around 9:30am and was offered a room on the 6th floor which we declined after reading some of the reviews here that suggest requesting a room on a higher floor. The hotel does have a luggage room and we stored our bags there until we came back for check in around 4:00pm. At this time, we were given a room on the 9th floor (Rm 934).Our room had a king bed which occupied most of the room. It was enough space for the two of us and our luggage. Room was clean for the most part...I did notice some dust on the bedside table, alarm clock and desk. Plus the wrapper on one of the glasses looked like it had been taken off, crumpled and put back on the glass. Bed and bedding was extremely comfortable and we slept soundly.The bathroom was tiny and did not have a tub nor a fan so prepare yourselves for a steamy shower. And the television, which in hotels is traditionally placed infront of the bed was located way off to the side. A giant circular mirror faces the bed in its place.I think the location of this hotel definitely its strong point. It is super easy to reach from Logan Airport via the T. You can basically see the hotel as you come out of the NE Medical Centre T-stop - Orange Line (remember to exit Tremont Street) and it is a 3 min. walk to the Boylston stop on the Green Line. And there is so much to see and do within walking distance.However, the hotel is not in a very quiet area, so if you are a light sleeper or from the suburbs and not accustomed to city noise, this may not be the hotel for you. Also, if you don't like youths, you maybe offended by the masses of college students in line on a Saturday night for the Roxy night club which is on the ground floor of the hotel. The bassy club sounds filled the lobby and were heard on the 9th floor. Sunday night, it's an older crowd in line but the music is more subdued and not quite as loud. A solution to these weekend sounds? A couple of pints or a glass of wine at the nearby Rock Bottom Brewery should do the trick! Monday morning at 7:30am, construction noises began at the W Hotel/Condo building next door. Rise and shine for a delightful breakfast at Flour Cafe and Bakery. Not to mention that the walls in this hotel are paper thin. We had a mom and two teenage daughters staying next door to us and they were speaking at slightly louder than indoor volume levels and we could hear every word they were saying to the point it felt like they were right in the room with us. So consider this as a warning to honeymooners and people who are loud speakers...your neighbours will hear everything!We were thrilled to learn that this hotel was a non-smoking property but we're disappointed when got off the elevator on the 9th floor and were greeted with a waft of cigarette smoke that also filled our room. Clearly not all guests abided by the non-smoking rule. The staff at the hotel were friendly and accomodating. We enjoyed the complimentary coffee and tea in the lobby, and also the two computer stations equipped with free Internet and printers. Overall, we enjoyed our stay here and would definitely consider it again if we have a future trip to Boston.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>chiswickmum
<Content>A functional , clean hotel in a not so pretty area We wanted somewhere of quality but well located and good value. The courtyard was in the theatre district which is not the most attractive but within easy walking distance of most attractions. The expensive hotels are either on the water or right in the middle of the business district - we couldn't afford those prices. The courtyard was clean, well equipped, efficient - couldn't really fault it apart from the 'scruffy' neighbourhood but within 5 minutes walk you were on the bond street of boston. We had a disabled room as we were a family of four - it was huge. My mum had an ordinary double which I felt was 'smallish' but both were of excellent quality. The views from the bedroom were of a building site(no real noise though due to good insulation ) if you want a swanky hotel with views and posh uniformed doormen you need to go the the wharf area and pay those prices !! We would use the courtyard again - it was only somewere to rest our heads.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>hendrihill
<Content>Acceptable, though not exceptional Stayed at this hotel in August 2008. The TripAdvisor members who mentioned the rooms being small were right - they are. The immediate surrounding area was a bit seedy, but the hotel also provides easy access to the 'T'. The lobby looked clean and inviting and the staff provided solid service. Some drilling could be heard in the morning (another hotel is being constructed adjacent to the Courtyard), but I didn't find it nearly as distracting as some guests that stayed in other rooms. Clean beds and bathrooms and free in-room internet access (bring your own laptop). Nothing spectacular, but an acceptable place to stay if the price is right.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>HawaiivisitorLondon
<Content>Great location We found this hotel to be friendly, clean and in a great location. On arrival we were given the two rooms interconnecting as we had asked for with no problem. Our rooms were huge. The view wasn't great at all - basically overlooking the building site next door. However this didn't worry us as we were there to explore the city not look out of the window. Reception staff were really helpful with good recommendations for dinner. We ate at Legal Seafood and Little Italy and would recommend both. We took a duck tour of the city which gave us a good overview as we only had one full day there. It wasn't a cheap hotel but where in the middle of a city is? All in all I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SuziR
<Content>Not as bad as I was expecting.       View from our room on the 7th floor.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CJinNC
<Content>Small rooms, pricey... but clean. Small room, but convenient to area attractions and MGH. Teeny-tiny shower with no tub. The bed was comfortable, though, and there were plenty of extra pillows. The room was clean, but not spotless. The lobby was beautiful, although there was plenty of loud cavorting coming from the hotel bar/restaurant after midnight on a weekday. (No, it was not St. Patrick's Day.) There were people partying on the street outside the hotel, although this was not audible from my room. There were occasional sirens that could be heard in the distance throughout the night, but I was too tired to be bothered by it. In fact, I would've enjoyed a great night's sleep, if someone had not pulled the fire alarm at 3am. I awoke to loud beeping and an automated voice message piped in through a speaker, announcing that I should stay in my room until further information was available. Luckily, it was a false alarm, but this disruption was very annoying, as I had an early meeting the next day.My biggest problem with this hotel (aside from the price), was the lack of ability to control the temperature in the room. It seems their system is set to allow for heating or cooling during only certain months of the year. It was still March, so the thermostat could only be set to heat. Well, I was miserably hot! I had to call someone to open my window in the middle of the night. There was no screen. I was on a high floor, so I would've been terrified had I been traveling with small children.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>prunellaportabella
<Content>Definately not Mariott Quality We wanted to spend a couple of nights in Boston as part of our anniversary celebration. We have always had luck at Mariott properties and chose this hotel because it was the only Mariott available with short notice. The staff was pleasant, but our room wasn't much bigger than a closet! It was tiny. And the way they stuffed everything in there (the desk, wardrobe, bed and bed tables) made you feel like you couldn't breath. The television was in the most ridiculous place they could have put it. You'd expect it in front of the bed, but instead it was diagonal to the bed which made viewing it almost impossible leaving our necks sore. It was close and convenient to the common, but so are many other hotels. Don't chose this one!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>JClasstraveller
<Content>Small rooms but an excellent location Got a pay 4 nights get a 5th free via my travel agent so I moved my booking from the Radisson (which is the next street across) prior to me leaving Australia.Probably should have stayed at the Radisson instead given location was almost equal. This hotel is 2 blocks from the Common, 2 blocks from Chinatown, 2 blocks from the nearest Legal Seafoods restaurant (I went to 3 different Legal Seafoods restaurants for 4 different meals when I was in Boston LOL), 2 blocks from the nearest T station (New England Medical Centre) and 15 minutes walk from Back Bay. Check in was efficient. I got a nice far end room away from the lifts which was nice. But the room was very small, the bathroom was so small, I couldn't shut the door if I was using the toilet. TV was a nice size LCD, bed was a huge king size - which was almost larger than the room.The surrounding area is a bit dingy but if you can avert your mind from it, it's not a bad hotel for the price.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>yamhill
<Content>Good value First impressions are important and this hotel did not dissapoint.I arrived in the late morning well before the appointed check in time and the staff cheerfully stored my bag.The lobby had lots of marble in the style of the 20's and I liked it.The staff was great. Fast checkin.My room, though small, was just fine. Flat screen tv. Comfortable bed. Clean.As for the dreaded night club- street noise I had read about from other reviewers...either I was too tired(slept through it) or I am used to street noises where I live..whatever...it was a non factor. I was on the 7th floor if I recall.Got a great Priceline rate for my one night stay. Handy location...Its a 5 minute walk from the Boston Commons subway station.The hotel is in the theater district. By the looks of things it appeared the city had banned street sweeping vehicles from doing their thing in the neighborhood.A little tacky. But hey...its the theater district ...you come for show biz not a white glove inspection. Right?In summary I liked the Boston Marriot Trenton. Its a good value in a convenient location close to a lot of things to see and stuff to do.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>peacemakers74
<Content>Good Hotel . . . GreatLocation The wife and I stayed here 4th of July weekend, and had a very pleasant stay. Was a bit hesitant after reading some of the reviews, but we have nothing but good things to say after our visit. Location was perfect. 5 minute walk to the T, which easily gets you to anywhere in town. And even without the T, it was within walking distance to the major tourist attractions (Faneuil Hall, Freedom Trail, Beacon Hill, Boston Common). Many places to eat nearby including chains like Rock Bottom and Dunkin Doughnuts and more local fare like Jacob Wirth (awesome! get the blue berry beer) and Intermission Tavern. Unlike some reviews below we had no problem with noise, nor the size of the room. Granted the rooms were cozy, but if you're in Boston, how much time are you really going to spend in your room? Wife and I had three large bags, and still had plenty of room. Bed was comfy, staff was very friendly and helpful, rooms were clean. The $7.50 miller light in the piano bar downstairts was a bit stiff though (take the 2 minute walk to intermission tavern). We would stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mikeandlynne
<Content>Fitted the bill nicely The hotel dates back to the late 20s and has kept some of the features which blend in nicely.It's in a good location. We didn't have much trouble finding it from Logan using public transport. It's 5 minutes from Boston Common and within easy walking distance to 2 stations on the excellent 'T' metro system.Reception was efficient and friendly. The room was clean, reasonably sized and had air conditioning on (a Godsend as Boston had tempartures way up in the 90s during our stay). Bathroom was fine, would have liked a bath, but shower was ideal nonetheless.The free coffee and tea in the reception area was a nice idea and the water vending machine was also appreciated given the weather. Went on a room only basis so didn't have breakfast but you're only a couple of minutes from a fairly large food court on Stuart Street and let's face it, there's stacks of choice food wise in the city. For the evenings we recommend the Rock Bottom brewery which is on the corner of Tremont and Stuart Streets and a 2 minute walk from the hotel if you don't want to go far. They brew their own beer on the premises and offer a really good selection. The food is excellent whether you're having a snack or 3 courses.We dare say that you could find other hotels that are a bit more upmarket. There are bargains to be had so have a good look around, but we thought it was reasonable value, the location was fine and we'd happily use it again when visiting Boston - alluding to other reviews, we didn't hear the noisy nightclub that others refer to but being on the 11th floor might have meant that we weren't affected by it.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tagesthemen
<Content>Everything a little creaky I extended a conference visit for leisure and moved downtown for a couple of nights at the Courtyard Marriott at the end. Have stayed at the Marriott several times but never at the Courtyard. I was disappointed. Yes, it is downtown but I did not found the location so completely fabulous. The rooms are ridiculously small (and this is a European saying this!). There was a kingsize bed but this left very little room for anything else. The desk and wardrobe were jammed up against the window so I could not even properly look out the window. It is an old hotel taken over by the Courtyard and adding just a signature red Marriott carpet does not make a hotel room or a hotel. It was all a bit creaky from the slightly wobbly lift to the periodically gurgling toilet. The airconditioning is pre-preprogrammed for all the rooms according to the New England weather, so you are left with the options of high, low or off with no temperature adjustment. I checked out a lot of hotels online before choosing this one and this was the best one of its class that I could find (or so I thought) but still 250 dollars + tax ( it was midweek) was way too much for what I got.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>JayD2006
<Content>Courtyard Marriott always the best I always enjoyed staying in any Courtyard or any other Marriott chain. This one is well and conveniently located in downtown and close to chinatown. Boston Common is one block away, faneuil hall and Quincy market are only 10 mn walk. I had a clean double room in the 10th floor overlooking tremont street with free wired internet. The service was great and breakfast reaonably priced was outstanding. I would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting Boston.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_Boteros
<Content>Convenient, efficient, friendly My wife had booked this hotel for a business trip weeks before I came across the reviews. We followed the suggestion to book a higher room, we were given a room on the 11th floor. The staff was very nice to us especially to our 14month old son. The location is great and the rooms weren't as small we had expected them to be.Room: Large enough for 3 guests (including one child)Bathroom: Clean and spacious.Location: Near the commons and lots of places to eat. Chinatown is one block away and Children's museum within walking distance. Staff: Very nice and accommodating. The only flaw may have been the noise, we heard a lot of police activity at night and construction during the day, however, we had no problems with sleep.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>theeamers
<Content>good location for first time in Boston       Hotel Ceiling  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>KeelyEdwards
<Content>Location wins again We (two couples, no children) stayed in Boston for two nights - the first stop on our three city trip (followed by Washington and New York) and we chose the Courtyard Tremont in Boston for its location, also taking into consideration the cost of the hotel compared to others in perhaps more central places. In hindsight we were happy with our choice and would stay at that hotel again and would recommend it to friends. The hotel was nice - a standard Marriott with decent sized clean rooms, nice decor and comfortable beds. We were a bit disappointed that we could hear conversations in the next bedroom word perfect through the seemingly paper-thin adjoining (but locked) door, but we were too exhausted from travelling to ask to change rooms, and in the end too tired to be kept awake by any noise. The other couple travelling with us did not have an adjoining room and did not have a problem. And I'm sure that the hotel would have moved us had we complained.Breakfast at the hotel was nice with a decent enough selection - nothing to rave about but nothing to complain about either. The hotel bar was a bit dismal, dark and expensive though, and reminded me of seedy looking comedy clubs that you see on tv - not in a good way - we opted to take our drinks to our rooms.The location of the hotel made it perfect for us. It was easy to get to from the airport (take the airport shuttle to the blue Metro line then change once onto the orange line) with the entrance to the Metro station just across the road from the hotel. And it was a few minutes stroll away from the start of the Freedom Trail which was one of the main things we wanted to do while visiting the city, and a few minutes more to Fanueil Market and the waterfront. It's also near a Metro station for the green line which made travel to the Skywalk Prudential Building quick and easy.I recommend lunch at the restaurant at the top of the Prudential Building, the cocktails are lovely (and strong). And our whale watching trip was the highlight or our whole holiday. Both Cheers bars (there are two) are worth a glance but the Beacon venue is much better to the touristy Fanueil Market location.If you order a meal in Chinatown check whether the dishes on the menus are portion sizes for several people or individual portions! We were mortified at the volume of food that turned up at our table after ordering one main dish each plus side orders of rice and noodles.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>teriinto
<Content>Great location My best friend and I stayed at the Courtyard Tremont from May 1-6. When we arrived we asked for a room as high as possible, and a corner room if possible (as suggested on this site). They laughed and said they heard that all the time, and gave us a room on the 9th floor that wasn't a corner unit, but was one of their biggest rooms (921). Unfortunately, it was a King bed rather than the double beds we wanted, but they were all out of those rooms. The room itself was HUGE. Biggest hotel bathroom I've ever seen, and plenty of space. Not a lot of drawers (only a side table with two tiny drawers and one armoire), which was a pain. The bed was very comfortable, and their were many pillows of varying sizes to choose from.Most complaints on this site seem to be about the noise. We were there from a Thursday to a Tuesday, and the only night that we heard a lot of noise from the street was Saturday, and it was pretty faint. However, we were directly across from the elevator, people were very loud in the halls (lack of sound insulation?), we could hear everything the people next door were saying, and the fire alarm and mini fridge both made weird, irritating noises. So yes, noise is an issue at this hotel. We're pretty laid back about that kind of stuff though, so it didn't bother us too much, and it certainly didn't prevent us from sleeping at night. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's about a three minute walk away from at least two subway stops. Boylston on the Green line was the closest. There were plenty of restaurants, and being next to the Common was fantastic. Not too far away from the airport or the Bus station either.Free internet in the lobby was also a big plus, although we only discovered it on our last day since it was tucked away in the corner. My only real complaint about this hotel was that the bellhop flagged down the hotel's town car as we were leaving before we could hail a taxi and told us the car would charge the same amount. Our fault for not confirming with the driver, sure, but she charged us $30 to get to the airport, when it only would've been $25 by taxi at the most. (it's $25 to get to the hotel, including a $7.50 fee for leaving the airport. Tolls to get into the airport are only $2.50 so the ride should actually have been only $20 in a taxi). I don't appreciate the bellhop lying to us.However, if you keep that in mind, than the Courtyard is a great hotel to stay at on a budget. I would definitely recommend it to friends.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>bhamal79
<Content>No Air Conditioning The hotel was fine and clean. Great location. A little bit further from our meeting than I expected. The front staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were VERY stuffy. There is only a main heating/cooling unit. The only solution they offered for our hot room was a small fan. We saw other fans in the hallway, which indicated that other guests had the same problem. They didn't offer to move us, or find another solution. The room was also very small. It was just enough space for one person. The furniture was too large for the space. The TV had very poor quality cable and display. There was no way to change the brightness. Each channel had different volumes. One channel would be impossible to hear, another would be very loud.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>csturm
<Content>BRING YOUR EARPLUGS - only if you want to sleep My husband was attending a national conference and my 6 year old daughter and I decided to join him for a few days. We stayed on the 8th floor. Our room was small, but very comfortable and clean. The staff was also very nice. Unfortunately we had a few problems. We could hear the beat from the nightclub and everything in our neighbor's room - every sneeze and every sporting game he watched on TV until 1am in the morning. The hotel was booked from the conference, so moving our room really wasn't an option. Thank goodness that I always travel with earplugs, otherwise we wouldn't sleep. The bed wasn't that comfy (on a scale of 1-10 I give it a 4) and the temperature of the room made it really stuffy for late March. We didn't have control of the temp and couldn't open the windows. The bathroom also didn't have a fan, so every time we took a shower the steam stuck in the room. The hotel was two blocks from the T and in the heart of the theater district, so the location was great. The normal room rate is around $350 a night, we got the $160 conference rate. If I were to paying the full rate I'd stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Amphimixus
<Content>No Major Complaints Tonight is the third night of my four night stay here, and I have had no major issues with this hotel thus far. I am here by myself in town for a conference, and as such, am paying conference rates of $149/night, so keep that in mind while reading my review. I don't know that I would be as happy if I paid significantly more than that, or if there were more people sharing the room with me. I did not have any of the noise issues mentioned by other reviewers, although I am on the ninth floor.The pros:-Very clean, tastefully decorated.-Berber carpet has a nice texture under foot when in socks.-Was able to adjust the thermostat to the unreasonably warm temperature I prefer. For those of you who prefer it cold, it can be that way too (at least in the chilly weather we are having right now).-Bedroom area did not feel crowded for one person, and I liked that the room approached square in shape. Somehow it made it feel more bedroom-like, and less like the typical alley-lane hotel.-Desk space is more than reasonable, and high-speed internet is included. Office chair is ergonomic and comfortable.-Room has a small refrigerator (although it was in a cabinet under the TV  I didn't discover until the second day).-Staff was helpful and friendly.-Bed was comfy and I slept well.-Walking distance to all sorts of things, including a variety of restaurants, the theater district, Chinatown, etc.-Ironing board, iron, hair dryer, and coffee maker all present in room.The cons:-The TV is incredibly frustrating to use. There is no program listing as far as I can figure, and the TV doesn't provide much info when you flip to a channel (usually, not even the name of the channel). If you want to select a specific channel from a guide, you have to scroll through a long menu populated by other TV options (pay-per-view movies, TV internet, etc.) before the screen finally lists channels by station ID (but still not program), and then you have to scroll through all those. When you turn it off, it resets to the menu channel, so even simple tasks like finding the morning news became a royal pain.-The bathroom is very small, about 4 1/2 ft. by 8 ft, including the depth of the shower. It has only a shower, although I don't mind that. There is no counter at all, just a small glass ledge over the toilet.-Breakfast is not included. In fact, the hotel restaurant charges $11 for a continental breakfast, or $14 if you also wanted eggs, bacon, etc, and I didn't find it particularly tasty. All of the restaurants in the area seem incredibly pricey to me. I don't know if that's just Boston (I've never been here before), or if it is just because this is the theatre district. Lunch entrees in the area have seemed to average about $12-$15, and dinner entrees are about $20. Expect that by the time you've had a beverage, meal, and tip in the area, you will spend about $20 at lunch, and $35 at dinner, per person. Ouch.-Maybe not a concern for most, but I have to stand as high on my tiptoes as I can get to see through the peephole (I'm 5'4).Overall though, I am happy with my experience, and would be willing to stay here again, assuming similar circumstances.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dilly343
<Content>Loved after one blip I had read reviews for this hotel on this website after I'd made the reservations. Since other family members had changed their reservations so we could all stay in the same place, even though I'd read about the noise situation, I decided not to change. The first night the pounding from the club on the second floor (we were on the sixth) kept me up until it closed at 2AM. BUT I MUST say that the staff was wonderful and they were VERY accommodating. They moved us to the 15th floor at the back and I slept like a baby! One of my family group remained on the sixth floor but they were not affected - they may have been on the back part of the hotel, away from the street side. The room was well appointed and larger than on the 6th floor. We found the staff to be terrific in every way from helping us with the room situation to suggesting favorite spots to eat. There were plenty of eateries within a very short walking distance. I would return here if I'm in Boston again, and would ask for a top floor room.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hawaiiantraveler66
<Content>Good and the Bad The staff is great, the location so close to everything but...The Courtyard Tremont House has the smallest rooms I have been in. The rooms are about 10 x 10 and the bathroom is only about 5' x 5' and only had a shower stall. If you do choose to stay at this hotel ask for a room on the back side of the hotel. Unfortunately there is construction work going on across from the hotel and they are working all the time. Personally, I would not stay here unless there was no other choices.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>mkk_8
<Content>Great Location Stayed here summer 2007 for 5 days. Fantastic location, in walking distance of all the major sites. The hotel was lovely and the room while small was nicely furnished and very clean. The hotel staff were very helpful and after 2 weeks we appreciated the laundry room on the top floor! Did not eat in the hotel as there are loads of lovely restaurants in the area and chinatown was only a 5 minute walk away. Would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eleanorb
<Content>Nice hotel, great location We had a room on the 11th floor, so we had no problems with noise from the hotel. The room was smallish but very comfortable and attractive, with nice amenities. Everything was clean and functional.Free coffee in the lobby all day, pleasant reception staff.Short walk to Chinatown, South Station, Copley Square.Boston is noisy at night, I used earplugs and had a goodnight's sleep.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Pkwong
<Content>Noise Location  I have read the reivew about this hotel so I awared of the disco noice from the second floor. So I asked for a higher floor since we paid almost $400/night, front desk gave us 11th floor. I could not belive we still could hear the noise from the street all night long. Room is very small, you have no room to move around at all. Housekeeping needs improvement also. I sure woudnot come back for this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	4	1	3	

<Author>Carolina_Traveler_7
<Content>Good hotel choice I stayed at this hotel with in-laws for graduation week. We were thinking about not going here after some of the poor reviews, but everywhere was packed.We were pleasantly surprised. We had no noise concerns and everything was well kept. The service was good, and very patient with my 86 year old father in law--and that's saying something!The staff quickly calls cabs and the hotel is a half block from the subway (but you will have a flight of stairs so pack light). There is no point in having a car.There were about four or five restaurants about a half block away, within view of the hotel. We ate at the Chinese place on the corner (excellent) and an Indian restaurant (good). There is also a California Pizza Kitchen in the same block. There are no hotel restaurants, although there is a small space open for a sit down breakfast. There is a nice little self serve area off the lobby where you can get free coffee, tea, or hot chocolate 24 hours and a small area where you can buy salads, ice cream, and other cold items.The only down side for some people is that this is an old hotel. The HVAC is more or less centrally controlled, which means there is a chance that you won't be able to get the air/heat at a temperature to your liking. There was a sign on the thermostat that explained that there were fans and space heaters available on request. And the windows do open.The hotel is completely smoke-free.I guess I should also comment on the unhappy reviewer who expected views. There aren't views per se, it's just an in-town hotel. It is next to the Wang Hospital and other buildings, nothing exceptional.The rooms are small by suburban-motel standards, but unless you want to do aerobics in the room, you will be just fine.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rcvan1981
<Content>Nice Place As others have noted, the rooms are small, but this will be an issue in any older hotel. My room was very nicely furnished and clean. If you are staying on a weekend, be sure to get a room away from the club that is located on the first floor; my room was far away from it, but I can definitely see it being a problem. My only problem with the stay was that some baggage that I checked on the last day of my stay was not stored properly and could easily have been stolen, but I guess that this was an isolated incident. If you don't mind walking, you can park for much less money on your own at the Radisson around the corner than having the valet park for you (there is no self-parking at this hotel).  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monmelken
<Content>Should have read the review first... This hotel is in the theater district...that is all I can say about it. It is not that convienent to anything. Boston Common was down the street but not really any good restaurants near by. When we checked in , the desk told us that we had been upgraded to the top floor because of our points with Marriott. Excited we went to our room.......well..we over looked a parking garage, no view at all.Went back to desk and told them we did not want to over look a parking garage. We were told that THEY DO NOT HAVE ANY ROOMS WITH A VIEW We were told if we wanted a view then we should have booked at another Marriott on the water or the Copely Marroitt. Well on late notice we could not fine another hotel. We had a nice room on the 15th floor but if you really want to see Boston stay at a happening place AND MORE CONVIENENT. NOT RESTAURANT ON SITE..NO ROOM SERVICE :(  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	2	2	3	

<Author>nitwit_7
<Content>Not a Great Place to Stay I wish I had read the reviews before I booked our reservations here! The down side: No dresser, small room, flat pillows and a WET CARPET! Poor service: The waitress who took my order at their morning cafe got both my beverage and egg orders wrong and when I complained about the wet carpet in the entryway and closet, the front desk did not call me back as promised about getting to change rooms. Also unappealing, several of the walls looked cumpled under the wall paper - mind you the wall paper wasn't crumpled just the wall was- how is that o.k.?The worst part of the stay: sirens all night long and no end to the shouting and yelling from the nightclubs.The up side: You're in walking distance of the Commons, several nice resturants and the trains.We liked Boston, we just didn't like our hotel  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>mikedragon32
<Content>Stay away! It's not often I'd feel inclined to write a bad review. Sometimes (like this time) I'll actually wait a while before writing a review in order to gain perspective and make sure I'm not just being totally negative without warrant.Anyway, arrived at the hotel on the 15th, with my voucher for five nights stay ready and waiting, to be told there wasn't a room booked. My voucher said otherwise and after about 10 stressful minutes I was told they would have a room for us and there was a fault with their reservation system. No apology.The room was small, not much room to move around the bed and there was very little storage space. The bathroom was tiny and there was no shelf on which to place toiletries, so ended up having to just leave our wash bags on the floor next to the toilet. Nice.Like the Sheraton in Chicago (see my other review) which we'd just travelled from, the Courtyard has an overpriced bottle of water waiting to be consumed by the unsuspecting guest. However when a bill was slipped under our door for water we didn't consume (we'd been buying water from the nearby 7-11 for a lot less!), I let the manager know all about it. The water was teken off the bill, but no apology was forthcoming.The broadband signal is virtually non-existant, so there wasn't much point in even trying to browse.On the positive side though is the bed. Very comfortable! Even more comfortable than the beds the Sheraton chain make such a big fuss about. The room, while small was clean, however when we checked into our room, there was a shower curtain on the floor behind the toilet (presumably it had been replaced by the new one hanging on the rail).Another goodish thing is the location. 4 mins walk to Boston Common, in the heart of the Theater District and Chinatown literally around the corner. Newbury Street is about 15 mins walk away. You could even walk to Fenway Park from here without breaking a sweat. That said, at night it can be intimidating. On the morning we checked out, there was a report on the news about a murder on the corner about 100m from the hotel!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>oribie
<Content>Great city, great hotel       The lobby  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>YoungGun
<Content>Okay, but noisy during the weekends!! Visited Boston and the Courtyard Boston Tremont Hotel for a short break. Have previously stayed at this hotel before on my last visit to Boston about 18 months ago. You might ask why stay there again following reading this review - read on and make up your own mind.Hotel is in a great location within the Theatre District and is only a short walk to Boston Common and the shopping area on Washington Street. Newbury Street shops is probably about a 20 minute walk away. The hotel is a bit dated, but they have made attempts to try and modernise the rooms albeit utlilising a strange choice of colours.As I was travelling with my two brothers, we requested a larger room, which was accomodated in order to get a rollaway bed in the room. We had one of the end rooms on the 6th floor which was massive. The only downside for having an end room is that it overlooked the nightclub which is down one of the side streets from the hotel. As it was a weekend, I was quite often woken in the early hours of the morning with shouting outside the club. Other than the disturbance, the hotel is still worth staying at for what was an affordable price.The area around the hotel is a bit shabby, but since my last visit they seem to be doing some building work, which hopefully might make the area a bit more attractive.If you do stay here, try Rock Bottom on Stuart Street for great Food and Beer, which is brewed on site. Also, you are not far from Legal Seafood which is probably one of the best seafood restaurants I've ever visited.Overall, if you want an affordable hotel in the centre of Boston which is close to the shops and other attractions. Then stay at the Courtyard Boston Tremont Hotel - just don't expect the Ritz or Hilton!!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>awdub
<Content>a last resort, unless you want to be close to theaters I stayed here on a business trip because there was a huge conference in town and - literally - every other hotel in the area was booked. It was adequate, but I'd only stay here again in similar last-resort circumstances. The location is horrible unless you are going to the theaters - in an up-and-coming area that isn't quite there yet, with hit-and-miss blocks (some feeling rather deserted and sketchy). I didn't have any problem with noise, but it was a Tuesday night and they put me on the top floor facing away from the street. Check-in was pretty good.The lobby is very pretty - the hotel clearly has some historical legacy - but had a musty natural gas smell. The room was garishly decorated (reds, blues and yellows, with mostly reds) and had very cheap linens. My room was a perfectly decent size - again, perhaps because it was on a higher floor?The biggest problem I had was with getting a cab - following tips from other reviews, I called downstairs to the bell desk 15 minutes before I needed to leave in the morning, in order to make certain a cab would be there. The phone rang several times, and was finally answered by the front desk. I asked if they would make sure a cab was available for me in 15 minutes, and was told that several cabs were downstairs right then and that they would make certain that there was a cab for me. I went downstairs less than 10 minutes later - no cabs, and when I found a bellman, he obviously had no idea that I had called or talked with the front desk. I waited outside for almost 15 minutes while he tried to find a cab - because of the hotel's location, there aren't many cabs driving by - and finally jumped in a livery car who offered to drive me for a higher price. I ended up late to my meeting because of the poor hotel location and bell/front desk incompetence.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	1	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>yorkshireverity
<Content>Is this the noisiest hotel in Boston? We stayed 4 nights at this hotel in May 2007. The rooms were small - but we had expected this as it is a city centre hotel. The position is great, within easy walking distance of Boston Common, with lots of good restaurants in the area. What we weren't prepared for was the level of noise in the hotel on w/end nights.There are several nightclub and entertainment concessions on site and there seems to be no attempt made to protect the guests from the noise. We were on the 6th floor (the night club is in the basement !!)When I complained (at 2am) I was told that the hotel could do nothing about it !!My view is that this is a good hotel for a stay in Boston - but if you are staying at the w/end, stay at the back of the hotel and as high up as you can.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Hotguymike
<Content>Fine rooms, good location General Hotel: Very nice lobby, fast elevators, nice common areas.Room: Small, but one expects that in a downtown hotel like this. Bathroom was nice and fairly sizeable. Flatscreen TV  comfortable bed.Location: Great for shows at the Citi/ Wang Center as it is right accross the street. Lots of restaurants in the area plus China Town a few blocks away. Subway about a 3 minute walk. Lots of clubs in the area which was annoying to us. TIP: On a Saturday night it was REALLY loud. Maybe with a room in the back it would have been better.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>NeuroAngiodoc
<Content>Not good hotel In town for the AAN Conference in late April. The rooms were very very tiny. I was also falling over myself in the tiny bathroom - no place to put anything. Went out to a restaurant on Saturday evening and then a local pub and when came back to the hotel it looked like a war zone outside. Literally thousands of drunks lining the streets until late at night - sirens, etc. Also very hard to get cabs on multiple occasions.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>missy25
<Content>Small and Noisy I stayed in this hotel for two nights while on a business trip to Boston. I found it very convienient to North station just a quick taxi ride. I was very impressed by the lobby, I thought it was decorated beautifully and there was a lively buzz of people when i arrived. Check in was quick with a very friendly receptionist.But i was very disappointed when i got as far as the bedroom!! It was so small. I only had a small weekend bag with me but i have no idea where i would have put a suitcase if i had one!! The wardrobe was small and the walking space in the room was very small! I found the bathroom fine but would have been very tight for toiletry space if i wasnt there on my own.That night when i went to bed and turned off the TV I couldnt get over the noise! My room was to the front of the building and the street below was full of people laughing and shouting...and that was inbetween the sounds of sirens that where constant all night!! I couldnt wait to leave this room!!!I didnt eat in the hotel so I cant comment on that but there are nice restaurants in the area.As another reviewer mentioned....leave lots of time to get a taxi if you are rushing to catch a train or plane as the Bellboy never seems to be at his desk!!! I had to get reception to page him.Overall nice hotel but I have definately stayed in better!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Basketballfan
<Content>TINY The location is great, and the staff are very friendly and helpful, but I would never stay here again. The rooms are much too small and two people can barely move and unpack at the same time. The walls are paper thin and you can hear your neighbors at night. We asked to be moved to another room, but the second room was worse than the first. There was only one small armoir to hang clothes (appropriate only for one person) and no chest of drawers in the room we ended up staying in. The bathrooms are small and needed serious maintenance (the towel rack was missing; holes in the wall; leak in the ceiling.) Stay at another Courtyard Marriott.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Barry_McConnell
<Content>Small with outdated bathroom This is clearly a renovation from lower-quality accommodation. The room is small although clean with a nice flat-screen TV on the wall. My king size bed was very comfortable. My room at the back was quiet at night. Writing desk  free internet.The bathroom is the low point; mildly-upgraded dormitory style, i.e. no countertop or drawers, and a very basic shower stall. The shower head was good with plenty of hot water.Lobby is nice, buffet breakfast had a moderate selection (eggs cooked to order).I paid $160+tax corporate rate. It's fine for 1 night, but from the point of view of this business traveller, less comfortable for longer.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>davcat
<Content>Great Location and really clean Myslef and 10 friends stayed here for 5 nights over the first weekend in December. The Courtyard is very clean and is in a great location only 10 mins from Macys/Newbury Street. I would definitely stay there again. However, just a couple of small things - one of our triple rooms was really small, only fit as a double and there was no mirror in the bedroom at all, just the bathroom mirror so it was a bit of hassle when 3 women were getting ready to go out. So if you are checking in and they allocate room 1238, make sure you have your own mirror.Overall a great stay and the shopping was brill, much better than NY.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spudzy777
<Content>Great Location Near the "T" Public transportation was a must for this trip, and the Courtyard Boston Tremont did not disappoint. Right on the Orange Line and minutes from everything. It cost $1.25 to get from the airport to the hotel and vice versa. What a bargain!ON the down side, the room had dust bunnies from previous stays in the corners of the room. This room was large as it was designed as a handicapped room. IT was right across the way from the elevators, and surprisingly it was not noisy at night. Great mattresses and pillows.Very helpful hotel staff hooked us up at a great North End restaurant and with any directions.Boston Common and the many awesome venues within steps of this great hotel.Would stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>TornadoSadie
<Content>Great stay! After reading reviews of this hotel, I was a little hesitant about staying here. But how wrong the prior reviews were! We had a great time at this hotel. Because there were 5 in our party, we were given a handicapped accessible room. The room was very large with an even larger bathroom. We were on the 10th floor, and aside from an occasional siren (the New England Medical Center is across the street), it was very quiet. The staff couldn't have been nicer and even brought me a fan for the room after they had turned the heat on. The orange line T stop is across the street, or you could walk a few blocks to the green line. There is a great pizza place a block up, and a Dunkin Donuts another block from that. The hotel offered breakfast at a reasonable price even though we didn't take advantage of it. I am a travel agent and paid travel agent rates, but even if I weren't, I would still spend the money to stay here. You can't beat the location or the service!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>teksastravelers
<Content>Not the best We booked this stay using Marriott points and were excited to find a good location in a great city like Boston for a reasonable amount of points. The location was at the end of Tremont street, down in the theater district. Not a bad location, and one that you would expect to be somewhat quiet...but that was not the case. We stayed at the hotel on a Thurs and Fri night. We were put on the 12th floor of the hotel--what should be plenty high up to avoid noise issues. The first night we were there the noise was not too bad. However, on Friday night it sounded as if there were riots going on right outside of our windows. There were police sirens and a lot of LOUD commotion going on out on the street from about midnight to just before 3am. Honestly, we thought that Boston was burning down based on the level of the noise we could hear as high up as we were. In addition to the noise issue, we faced another challenge that prevented us from sleeping: the temperature in the room. Apparently because the hotel was built a really long time ago it has some jacked up A/C system. The hotel can have the A/C on, but that also means the rooms can't. So literally, the hallways and lobby are air-conditioned while the guest rooms turn into saunas. The first night was bearable, but on Friday night we had to call for a fan at 2:30am. The hallway was wonderfully cool, but our room was stifiling and we could not even get any air movement. The windows won't open either, so no luck there. The rooms were small, and the king-sized bed did take up the vast majority of the small space, but that was to be expected in a city hotel.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>LoisDenominator
<Content>Perfectly suitable if you are just in the room to sleep Stayed here for business, and had no complaints. The room is definitely small, but as a solo business traveler, that wasn't much of a factor. The bathroom was clean, and the water pressure was good. The bed was very comfortable and the room was very quiet with no outside noise. Staff, both front desk and housekeeping were very pleasant and accommodating. As I had no car, I did not have any valet parking experience. Being on foot, however, I did note that I didn't feel 100% safe walking to the hotel alone after a late night of business meetings, perhaps because there are quite a few nightclubs in the area.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>mpalmer351
<Content>Stay Clear of the Courtyard Boston Tremont Hotel! DO NOT STAY HERE! This hotel is a dump, please do not be fooled by travel ratings and online photos. We walked into our room and walked out 5 minutes later. The hotel appears to be an old YMCA that was converted to hotel use with very minimal changes and investment (except the nightly rate). The room was tiny and overrun by the king sized bed. The furniture looked like it was purchased at a flea market and the bathroom was dated with a good supply of mold growing between the tile joints. The valet parking was also disorganized and not secure. Having stayed in dozens of other Boston hotels, I would not recommend this place to anyone. Spend a few extra dollars and stay away from this place.In fairness, the front desk staff was pleasant and offered no contest due to our sudden departure. They appeared to be accustomed to our dismay over their dismal accommodations and quickly refunded our money with an apology.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	4	-1	1	

<Author>karenini
<Content>Nice but small Hotel was very nice, staff was pleasent and helpful. Valet service was excellent. The decor in the rooms was updated however the rooms themselves were very small. The king size bed took up almost all the floor space. The bathroom was also a problem, it had only a shower stall with now shelves or ledges to place your shampoo, soap or razor, almost impossible to shave your legs! There was also no counter space in the bathroom, one small glass shelf which didn't hold much. Also no hairdryer which is pretty much standard these days. The hotel was clean and comfortable but a little to cramped and old for my taste.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>dneal
<Content>Fine place to stay It was too bad there was no bathtub, but I survived. The room was clean and bed was fantastic. I used the wheeled under-desk keyboard holder as a breakfast table that hangs over the bed so I could eat in bed. Plasma Tv was a nice touch but mine was picky and I had to reset it 2x by unplugging it for some reason. If you're looking for a room to prance around and cartwheel in, these rooms aren't for you-they are not that big. Staff are friendly. But what's up with housekeeping coming in to clean my room at 8am?! Keep your don't disturb cards on the outside of your doors at all times. Yes, the hotel isn't very soundproof, but it's fine unless you are an extremely irritable/light sleeper. Good location- I wouldn't call it any sketchier than anywhere else, it's downtown so what do we all expect, right? It was great to have right beside the T and downtown shops, movie theatres.. etc. I would definitely stay again. There are always negative sides to hotels but the good outweighs the bad in this one. All in all, I had a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>redsox847
<Content>No better location...But still has its quirks       The garbage outside our second room we had to switch  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mozzchops
<Content>Not as bad as some make out. We spent 4 nights in this hotel at the beginning of June. The rooms have recently been renovated and were very clean. The rooms although not massive are big enough, we had our 4 year old with us and they were still big enough. Before we set off we were worried about noise, after reading about it on here, however this was unfounded. We were on the 15th floor and the only noise was the ambulances going by, which all hotels in the city would suffer with. The one downspot would be a few undesirables in and around a shop on the corner of the next block, we were hassled twice in it and a police car was often there. A nice hotel but I would probably prefer to stop in the back bay area if travelling to Boston again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>trump98
<Content>Nice hotel, small room Rooms are small but have been recently remodeled and my room had a plasma TV. Everything was very clean and the front desk was helpful and pleasant. The only noise I heard was one ambulance go by but when don't you hear that in a big city.Downsides - small room, no bath tub (not that I needed it) and breakfast wasn't complimentary.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	-1	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JULY711
<Content>BAD! Was looking for a reasonably priced hotel for a quick overnight in Boston with my hubby. BAD CHOICE!!! Very very small room! I have a closet that is bigger. Pls everything is stuffed in there - so you are always bumping each other to get by.The bathroom shower was a gross plastic stall with a nasty shower curtain that kept sticking with me. There was NO ventalation in the bathroom.When we finally got back to our room - LOUD music from the club downstairs was BLASTING. It was awful - and gave me a headache.I wouldn't stay here even if it was free! Ok location but I'd rather walk ten miles!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kevshar
<Content>very noisy I agree with previous reviews,I found this hotel very noisy at night with street traffic and with people coming and going from the two night clubs which were left and right of the main entrance.Also I could hear the people in the rooms next to me .Other than that very nice room ,clean ,comfortable and found the location pretty good ,five min walk to boston common.nice little piano bar in the lobby ,but expensive for drinks.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service I booked one night (online) in the hotel after a trans atlantic fligth. Flight to US was cancelled for 24 hours by the airline at the last minute (tech difficulties). After a stressfull day with the airline, I had to contact the hotel to see if I could change that evenings booking. The lady I spoke with couldn't have been more helpfull. No problem changing booking to the following evening. Room was reasonable size, minor problem with window, but staff were very prompt/helpfull in correcting this. Location is perfect, middle of Theatre district, 20 mins on T from Airport. Get off at the NE Medical Centre T stop. 5 mins walk from Boston common.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy place! The Marriott Courtyard Tremont Hotel is not a bad choice - as long as you don't want to sleep or you're deaf. The rooms (I had two) were nothing special but ok, both equipped with modern furniture, flat screen TV and internet access, cleanliness was also ok. The breakfast could be better but is fair.So far so good but the building has an immense problem with noise exposure. The rooms are extrem clairaudient. You can hear every word you neighbour say (and not even that), every door that falls into the latch, everyone that passes by on the hallway. If you're unlucky and you get a room nearby the elevator be glad on every bing when the door opens. But the worst thing is the noise that comes from outside. The hotel is located on a major street in the theater district, surrounded by theaters, discos and cinemas. There are a lot of people in the street the whole night, there's always heavy traffic and hooting seems to be mandatory while driving on Bostons roads. There must be also a hospital in the area, expect to hear ambulances with sirens all night long. And if that wouldn't be even enough, the hotel porter requests taxis by blowing a whistle regardless what time it is, even in the early morning hours- that is --- when you try to sleep after an intercontinental flight. I guess there are better and mainly quiter places in downtown Boston. If this hotel is your choise be sure to have ear protection with you. Demand for a room located on the back side and preferable at the end of the hallway.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Belasaria
<Content>Nice hotel, great for theatre district, small room I disagree about it being a dicey location; there were several great restaurants -- even a food court -- about a block away. As a single traveller who doesn't like to stray far from the hotel, I was comfortable returning from dinner at 9 p.m.The front desk staff was very friendly, as were the various circulating Marriott employees in the lobby throughout the day. However, the bell desk and doorman were almost nonexistant; I had to walk to Stuart Street to hail a cab because I didn't have time to wait for someone to show up.The FREE high speed internet access made this hotel for me, especially since I had to get a lot of work done during my stay. The hotel itself is newly renovated -- the lobby is very nice -- but they are still working on things (EX: the ice machine on the 9th floor and hammering at 8 a.m.). The beds are very comfortable and the furniture updated. I had a King Nonsmoking room, but it felt incredibly small -- especially the bathroom (as one other reviewer noted). Pedastle sink, shower only, and no place to put toiletries was a drawback. The room itself was very small; the desk didn't have a lamp which made working in the evening difficult.I didn't have any place to put my suitcases except the floor (the armoir is the closet) and while the flatpanel TV was a nice addition (they didn't have much choice given the room size), I couldn't turn it to face the bed. Also, the local channel reception was lousy.Since I was on business, I didn't have much time for site-seeing, although Boston Common is about three blocks away. For the location in the theatre district, I think it's a good one if you're used to smaller rooms.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SydneyB
<Content>Nice hotel, good location, but noisy Just stayed here while at a nearby conference. They are STILL renovating the lobby, although our newly renovated room was very nice and comfy. I disagree that the location is dicey - it's great being so close to Chinatown AND you are smack in the middle of the Theater district, with LOTS of great restaurants very close by. HOWEVER, the hotel room was VERY noisy, what with all the theater crowds and traffic right outside - all night you could hear honking, sirens, crowd noise (from the nightclub downstairs)- they really need to do some extra insulation to block out the noise because it sounds like all that is coming from RIGHT outside your window even on the 12th floor. The other issue I had is that the bathrooms were tiny, with absolutely NO counter in the bathroom (only a pedestal sink...I HATE putting my stuff on the back of the toilet!). However, the staff was VERY nice, coffee in the lobbby in the morning, cookies in the afternoon, FREE high speed internet access, right across from the T-station (although that entrance is NOT always open!) as well as close by to all the theaters, so all in alll it wasn't a bad stay....  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sally9
<Content>Nice Hotel, dodgy location and noisy nightclub in hotel We stayed in the Tremont in September 2005. The hotel itself it nice and clean and the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The only 2 things letting this hotel down was its location (right next to China town which can be a bit dodgy at night) I wouldn't recommend walking around on your own after dark in this area. Also there is a night club in the hotel that could be heard clearly in our room. This goes on until the early hours, so take plenty of ear plugs! Also, a tip no taxi would pick us up from the train station so we had to talk for about a mile with our suitcases along the busy streets of Boston! Also the trolly bus tours are OK, but you can cover a lot of Boston's attractions on foot. Harvard University is definitely worth a visit also but you will need to get the subway to the campus village, which is very cheap and reliable.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, Hotel not so good. We stayed the first 2 nights of our New England trip in the Boston Tremont.The location is okay. Interesting places areon walking distance.As far as the hotel itself is concerned:let's say it really needs to be renovated.Staff is not very friendly, they have that don't care attitude.Anyway, Boston is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>SJWALSH
<Content>Scary Neighborhood/ Stay Away from Courtyard Tremont Hotel When we arrived to the area it seemed fine until we went out with the kids and the neighborhood is full of crime.The characters that are around are not upstanding citizens.Not a place to stay in Boston.I cant believe that Marriott would even put their name on a hotel like this. Poor rooms,poor service! We couldn't even sleep with 2 wild night clubs right in the hotel with hundreds of people lined up in front of the hotel,in the streets screeming all night long.Stay clear of the Courtyard Marriott Tremont Hotel!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>isletraveler
<Content>Okay...but try Priceline for a nicer hotel at a better rate I list this hotel as 'Neutral/Average'. It wasn't great, but it wasn't horrible either. I'd like to see it after the updating is complete. It was pricey at $215 a night, but every hotel I looked up, either directly or through Travelocity, Expedia, Hotels, etc. was much more expensive. Apparently we were there a very busy weekend and most hotels were booked. I did happen to see another guests hotel receipt at $99 a night...not sure how they got it, but that's about what I would expect to pay at this hotel. If you stay here, request a corner room. We were in 928, so any floor w/ the room # ending in -27 or -28 will be a corner room and bigger than the others. It's a pretty good location too...in the Theatre District, just one block away from Boston Common. We found it easy to walk anywhere from here. Cab rides to/from the waterfront at night will run you $8. But walk everywhere during the day! The Freedom Trail starts not too far away from the hotel. I'd say it was an okay stay, although I'd probably try Priceline and book a nicer hotel at a better rate for the next stay.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again Having visited hotels in the USA over a period of twenty years this has been my worst experience! A group of seven ladies booked into this hotel for a 4 night break, three of the group had never been to the U.S. before and were appalled by the condition of the rooms supplied to us, I appreciate the hotel is undergoing refurbishment but the condition of the rooms and furnishings were in desperate need of attention long before now. When we approached the front desk staff we were appalled by there couldn't care less attitude and no attempt to appologise for the situation, eventually after much discussion and having asked to be referred to the manageress we were allocated different rooms in a refurbished area the day after. Not once was there an apology ( let alone a smile ) for any inconvenience. I have never come across such an attitude from hotel personel in the states before and can only hope this hotel was an isolated incident  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>trubador
<Content>Not worth a Penny We stayed at the Tremont during a Wednesday/Thursday night in June and the place is horrible. Just like all the other reviews stated. This place is drity, dingy and overpriced. It recently went under the mariott ownership and I will never stay at a courtyard mariott ever again. We paid over $200 a night for a tiny room that was dirty, had old furniture, and the linens were downright disgusting.Our first night the room smelled of mold and water damage, so we requested a new room, which smelled better, but was very dirty. I would recommend that others stay away from this hotel and stay in any other hotel in boston.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happy64
<Content>Don't waste your money Thought this looked good from the photos of the foyer - big mistake! Yes, the foryer is nice and elegant but that hides the fact that the rooms are shabby, stained and TINY! I appreciate the hotel is older and about to under go some major renovations but I fail to see why this was not disclosed and how it can possibly have 3 stars! We won't stay here again next year despite an apology from the customer service at Marriott. I am sure there is better value elsewhere in town.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tremont - Best Bargain in Boston! I stayed three nights in the Tremont Courtyard Marriott and was extremely pleased. The hotel was comfortably furnished and our room was nicely appointed. Only two blocks from Boston Commons and the fashionable Boylston St - the hotel is well-situated near many attractions. If you are seeing a show during your stay, you couldn't pick a better location! The major theatres in Boston are all a stone's throw away. Other highlights to mention...hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Don't waste your $$ on the hotel breakfast, there are too many great cafe's nearby that are worth a visit - especially in the South End - a 10 - 20 min stroll away. Great and cheap Chinese food in Chinatown - try Big Fish Seafood Company. Also checked out the JFK Library and Museum in So Boston - amazing and definitely worth the trip!!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pierre and Nicole
<Content>Convenience at the Courtyard Not sure whether the changes will make it better or worse. But it did exactly what it said on the tin and got more homely after a while- since first impressions of the size of the room were not wonderful. The staff were OK, everything worked and a choce of restaurants, all the sights and the common are walkable. On balance this may be one of the best places to stay for the money and location in Boston. Hence the rating.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Feimou
<Content>Tremont Boston - stay and you'll be pleasantly surprised! We have just returned from New England, where we started our trip off by staying at the Tremont for 4 nights. I was concerned what to expect after reading the previous 'negative' reviews and even considered changing the hotel. All I can say is that I am glad that we did not! Having stayed at Courtyard Marriott hotels previously in the U.S. and U.K. it is good to see that their standards are being appplied at the Tremont. The staff are friendly and courteous and even went out of their way to help us when we arrived, by supplying fresh milk so we could make tea! The rooms may be a bit on the small size due to the hotel being old, but it has a lot of character and has retained a lot of features. We loved the 'mail box' next to the lift where you could deposit your mail via a chute to a post box in the lobby! The hotel is still being renovated, but you do not see this, nor were we disturbed either. Yes the hotel is 'downtown' in the theatre district, but it is within walking distance to Chinatown, and a couple of blocks from the common. What more can you want?  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CabernetFrank
<Content>Hotel in Transition This hotel has undergone some ownership changes, but things are looking up.A restaurant is in the future, but there are still many options for dining withinblocks. If you stay here, don't bring a car, parking is very expensive and unavailable. The positives:you are in the theater district, a block away from2 subway stations, 400 yards from Chinatown, Boston Commons and 6 blocksfrom Cheers. Rooms are a little smalll, but clean, and the staff is eager to please. You can take the T from the airport to a block away for 1.25. It's only going to get better, come here while it's still a good deal.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gcancello
<Content>I'd stay again If you are in town for just a few days, this is a great place to stay. A terrific location with loads of restaraunts nearby and just a block away from the T LINE service. The staff were always helpful and polite, I had some problem with my room key (which you also need to operate the lift so it added to the security) and it was sorted out in about 30 seconds, no fuss, no problem.You are not far from where most if not all the Boston trolley tour companies stop either.If I was going to be really picky the one thing I could have done with in the room was a mini-fridge. You had tea/coffee making facilities in the room but no milk, just the powdered stuff. But having said that you're not far from a 7-11, Starbucks or a Dunkin' Donuts if you really cant drink whats in the room.I want to end on a possitive note, their have some posts regarding the state of the rooms here, I found them to be warm, clean, tidy and safe. You could do way worse than pick The Tremont.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DakotaTraveler
<Content>I'll be back! I have stayed at the Tremont 2 years in a row and was more than satisfied with it. I was attended by friendly, courteous staff that were more than accommodating. It is in a great central location for those of us who just want to walk around Boston. Both my stays were clean, quiet and enjoyable. I will definitely recommend it to others and be back myself. I was able to get very reasonable rates too.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mike Swindley
<Content>Disappointing We stayed at the Tremont during a three week holiday in America in October. I chose it off the net and it sounded fine. In the event the only thing in its favour was its location. The reception staff were brusque, unfriendly and seemed disinterested. The two rooms we had were wierd, one was incredibly long and narrow -more akin to a corridor. The whole place seemed a little shabby and in need of expenditure.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bear904
<Content>Worst ever! This is the nastiest place I've ever stayed. While the internet listing made it look nice, it turned out to look like a skid row hotel. The front desk staff was totally rude and deplorable. She 1st tried to charge me more that what I had reserved the room for. Luckily, I had my receipt. She then tried to make it sound that I was cheap since I would not let her rip me off. The place stank from mildew covered by bug spray covered by some sickening sweet deodorizer! The room was as small as a jail cell and disgustingly filthy. The carpet was so worn that you could see through to the floor. The manager put us in another room. The sheets had big brown stains on them and the comforter had dried paint all over it. I should have stayed at the Omni. The room had a view but the windows were so dirty, you could not see out.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ferg64
<Content>Below average! Stayed here for a couple of nights in October. The service in the hotel was terrible. The front desk staff were incapable of raising the slightest smile. Rooms small and food expensive. Mediocre to say the least. If I come to Boston I will stay somewhere else next time  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, but.. The rooms were very small; the comforters on the beds new to be newer /or chanaged all together; the toiletries were great; the clubs were great..service is great.. thanks!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor service Yes, the rooms are tiny, and the hotel is on the wrong side of Boston Common, but the main problem with this hotel is the staff. I called ahead to request the Concierge leave a Happy Birthday note in my parents room. The Concierge took all my details, but no note was left. Plus, we had to ask at check-in if we had any messages, if we had not done so we would have missed an important message that was waiting for us. Very disappointing.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hated What a shame such a posh looking hotel. Let down buy it's customer service.The rooms were small. Having stayed a week in New York and Newport...this hotel was really disappointingI would spend a bit more money and stay somewhere else. They have just changed hands so if you look at the hotel spec in either expedia or yahoo it's not up to date so don't expect what you see.The hotel has 2 night clubs both of which finish at 2am if your planning a good night sleep forget it !!!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>West-Country-Hopper
<Content>A Good Stay at Tremont House Myself and my partner have just returned from a stay at the Tremont House (05 - 11/09/04) and we had a great time. We were prepared for how small the room would be so that wasn't a problem. We did find the carpet a little shabby looking and there were cigarette burns in the bedding and the curtains which was disappointing but other than that found the bed to be comfortable and the room to be adequate for what we paid (and we did get a good rate compared to other Boston hotels). We also enjoyed watching some of the TV shows on the free channels available. Check-in was very fast and - as did another trip advisor - we found the reception a little rushed so didn't feel we could ask too many questions at once. The area is noisy and the room didn't have double glazing but whether that bothers you or not depends on your tolerance levels - in fact we actually found it quite entertaining as foreigners to watch the behaviour of the traffic and the nightclub goers! The queues outside the hotel nightclub were a little intimidating when trying to return and the hotel bars were expensive but there is plenty to do, eat and see locally and the hotel is in a great location for the common and surrounding areas.On the whole - we had a really good stay at the Tremont and enjoyed Boston thoroughly.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Unsatisfied I stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend from Saturday, Sept 4 thru Monday, September 6, 2004. There were numerous problems with this hotel. The most glaring was the ants in the bathroom. I got out of bed at 7am one morning to use the bathroom and when I turned on the lights I noticed tiny little ants crawling all around the white tiled floor. Later on that morning I found an actual tick crawling on the same bathroom floor. And this was on the sixth floor. The shower head was so low (I am 6 ft. tall) that the spray hit me straight in the stomach. The room was relatively small but we knew that going in. However we didn't expect to have only roughly 8 channels availlable on our TV while the couple staying in the room next to us had many more channels available. I mean we couldn't even watch the Sox game in our room while the other room could. And of course how could I forget the pounding bass from the clubs downstairs penetrating the room walls as well as my head at 1:30 am. Definitely not a pleasant experience when you are trying to sleep. Although the girls milling around outside the clubs with their breasts popping out the top of their shirts isn't too bad it's not something you need to see while walking into the hotel with your girlfriend. Overall a bad experience.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RobbiAUSTRIA
<Content>Bad Hotel I would definately NOT stay again in this hotel. We got a very small room, no possibility to open the window. When we went to the reception because they had a letter for us (from our travel agency) the first answer was No, we don't do that .... they did but we had to wait for 45 mins until we got the letter.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>weekend at the tremont... We recently visited the Tremont House from July 21-July24. We reserved a corner king room for $156 a night. Check in took quit a while for some reason, even though it was just us and another couple. Checked in early, around 1:30, an napped until we went out to check out the city. Felt very rushed at the concierge, everytime we were there we could only get a couple of questions in. The room was spacious, had a separate sitting area and a nice bathroom. Only 3 drawers, though. Very, very comfortable couch that my boyfriend and i took turns hogging. Had to call and ask for our amenities three times, and finally came the night before we left. Awesome bed, but had a hard time sleeping because of the music from the nightclubs.Ask for a higher floor for a better view.One huge gripe was that we could never get anyone to answer the phone at the front desk. The stay was alright, all though i would probably look around for a better deal.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE PLACE IS NOT CLEAN We stayed at the Tremont House for three nights at $170 per night. - way over priced for what we got. When you review the rooms on the web - do not be fooled as we were. All furnishings from the lobby to the rooms was dingy, frayed and sometimes just filthy as was the red chair on the 8th floor as you got off of the elivater. They should just throw it away, it looks like they got it from a dumpster. When you look at the The Standard Room with one bed please know that it measures 8.5 X 13.5 approx. and the carpet and bed cover were dirty, the cloth headboard just nasty. Our sheets were holed, worn through where we both lay. We assumed they would be changed the following day, so we did not complain. However they were not changed for our whole trip.When we asked about it at the front desk, we were treated like we were lying !!! We then asked if all their sheets were holed, after that we were just treated like we were not welcome. There were 2 night clubs right in the hotel - we could not get in the front door with the crouds on the first night and had great difficulty finding anyone to valet our car. We only returned to the Tremont to sleep and shower, wanting to spend as little time ad possible there. We spent the rest of out time eating, drinking and enjoying ourselves in many other establishments in the Boston area that were WONDERFUL - We know where we will stay next time and it will not be this hotel. We hope we save you any let-downs. - THUMBS DOWN TO THE TREMONT avoid it, there are many others.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimL
<Content>A great alternative Just returned from a 7-day stay over the July 4th weekend. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Location was closer to many things than I expected, either walking or a short cab ride - really, Boston is a reltively small city in length and width, for a major city. I have stayed at other Wyndham's, and so far this is the best. I had some problems at the others, but usually due to new or slightly trained staff. Even here I could see they didn't always communicate with each other But I had already learned by experience to make my requests during 9-5 and to the preferred manager, not the desk. To speak to some of the previous posters' complaints, I have a few replies: 1) Most Wyndhams are historic buildings - not on the national register, but refurnished older hotel properties. And this is common in downtown areas of older cities with no land available to build on. You want new? Stay out by the airport. I happen to like character and atmosphere over the modern cookie cutter square glass blocks of the standard chains. If you're used to Holiday Inn or Hyatt, and that's what you like, go back there. Me, I want the hotel to reflect the city -- that's part of my vacation. 2) One person got a small room. I happened to get upgraded to a corner suite, a large room that contained both the bedroom area and a full living room area. I tried the adjoining door, it was unlocked and unoccupied, so I explored. That was one of those tiny rooms someone mentioned -- just a shower, twin beds, TV on top of the wardrobe, etc. Even the nighstand had to be in front of the connecting door. Obviously planned as an extension of the suite for a family with children. If you ask for the cheapest room, you may get it. 3) Join the Wyndham Preferred club online, even if only planning one stay. It almost always gets you an upgrade to best available at time of check in. Then travel to arrive mid-week in vacation areas, or weekend in business/convention areas, and arrive early in the afternoon. Since joining I have always been upgraded. 4) Next, sign up for their email ads. You will get notices of specials. Several times a year they will also announce a 72-hour half-price sale, at almost any property, any time (no black out dates) for the next year. You just have to reserve during those 72 hours for any dates up to a year in advance. Hint: You can reserve several potential dates, at several locations Your card is not charged until after your stay. You can then cancel the unused ones with no penalty up to 72 hours before. 5) Of course, as always, still check around with the competition at your finally decided upon location. You can always then call and negotiate - the other place to match Wyndham's offer, or ask Wyndham to match the Hyatt's offer, etc. Although if you did all of the above you probably have Wyndham's lowest price. Once there, if you have a reasonable comlpaint (some people are never satisfied), nicely explain and request a solution. You usually will get it. No, I don't work for them, and I only travel twice a year. But a hotel can make or break a vacation.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hate it!!! Will not return ever W stayed at Wyndham for 1 night. The receptionist made us wait for a while. The smell and the noise in the hallways were horrible. The room was really tiny for two people. The bottle of water had a sign on it: $3.50. The carpet had holes from cigarrete burns in it. Furniture was damaged and dirty. Bathroom floor was filled with somebody's hair. Towels were not fresh. Do not use the soap or lotions provided by the hotel. Can not wash them off. It is not worth the price we paid. Will not come back.  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great staff but busy at the weekend My wife and I stayed at the Tremont for 3 days (Thurs to Sat nights) in April. When the check-in staff heard it was our honeymoon they upgraded us to a Junior Suite. The room was great although the water from the shower took some time to drain away. It was really convenient for walking around Boston but at 2:30 each morning we were woken by the sound of car horns as the clubs nearby closed and people tried to get cabs. On the Saturday we gave in and went to the two clubs within the hotel building (show your key and you get in free!)! Apart from that we really enjoyed our stay.   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value I stayed at the Tremont in December 03 and thought it was very convenient if you don't mind a short walk. I would agree with reviews that the furniture in the lobby was a bit worn but for Boston, the room was amazing value and very comfortable and clean. I booked through Priceline.com and got a great price and highly reccommend that website.   
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay A colleague  I stayed here for 3 nights after 3 nights at the Holiday Inn Express in Cambridge -- what a change! The colorful room decor was really cheerful, especially after the Holiday Inn's Motels-r-Us style. Our room was a bit cramped, but had a spacious bathroom  closet. Bathroom could have used more lighting. Great fluffy feather pillows! Hotel staff called me by name when I requested wakeup calls. Fitness room is pretty sad -- a single universal-type machine and some old aerobic machines. No free weights or even a mat for doing situps, though there definitely would have been space for them. Nice location close to T  Boston Common. Our final rate was higher than the rate we'd reserved ($149, vs. $99 via Quikbook), and the front desk staff fixed it with minimal fuss. Definitely join ByRequest before staying.  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will NOT return In this case, the details make the difference. In my rather garishly decorated room, there was a cigarette burn on the comforter and a stain on the couch. There were watermarks and stains on the desk, and ugh -- lots of crumbs on the coffeetable (between the glass top and the metal frame). The coffee maker was placed across the room from the nearest outlet. There was a very long wait to check in, and a grumpy, busy (although at least one was taking a long personal call) staff. Attempting to call another room in the hotel, the front desk staffperson picked up the phone and greeted me by first name. Housekeeping decided to knock on my door at 8:30 a.m. ??? Finally, while the quality of the breakfast was average, the service was terrible. It was a chore to have coffee refilled. Of course, gratuity was 'automatically' added to the bill, so there was no reason for the staff to be concerned. Walking into the lobby, it looks quite nice at first, until you look closer an the frayed carpet and banged up furniture. This was an overpriced hotel that keeps itself in business through convention-goers that have no choice. I will not return. If you do stay here, save some money and take the train directly from the airport.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cozy and Convenient First time in Boston. The tremont caught my eye as i browsed available hotels. Got a discounted corportate rate which made it an excellent value. charming old hotel, friendly front desk staff. check in took about 2 minutes and check out about 1 minute - very speedy. concierge was helpful recommended some nearby restaurants. Subway line entrance just across the street. Room was medium sized, nothing out of the ordinary for a hotel room. comfy beds with plenty down pillows. bathroom was actually pretty. desk was large and confortable. tv / hutch dresser combo - would have liked more drawerspace but it didnt matter on this trip seeing as we were only staying one night. would recommend to others. friendly staff, beautiful rooms, comfy beds! they stored our luggage for us while we went sightseeing for free. just wish they had an airport shuttle. we then took a bus to NYC - a steal at only $10!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>big-murdo
<Content>A fantastic Boston break Although we only had 4 nights in Boston, the hotel staff looked after us very well and the service could not be questioned. The room was first class, very clean, fresh and equipped with all the mod-cons that make your stay that little bit better. The location of the hotel is perfect for all the attractions of the city centre, based in the theatre district you are just a short walk from the many shops, bars and eateries. I would recommend The Tremont Hotel to anyone and I look forward to visiting the city again in the future. Thank you for a smashing holiday.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value for the $ Just returned from a week at the Tremont and must say that it was a pleasant surprise after reading previous posts on this board. First, I highly recomend that you join Wyndham ByRequest. I always have received preferential treatment since joining. We were placed in a 12th floor corner room with two double beds. It must have been recently redecorated as everything in the room looked new. We had good experiences with room service, housekeeping and the bellmen were very helpful. The only complaint is that our room wasn't ready when we arrived early and we were told repeatedly to check back in 20 minutes. After an hour and a half of this, the front desk clerk finally explained that our room wouldn't be ready until 3:00. It would have been much more pleasant if we had been told that up front. Very convenient to public transportation, Boston Common, theatres, etc. We would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PatC28
<Content>Great price - good location We spent a 4 nights for the price of 3 at the end of February. The location was convenient--close to both green and orange T-lines, and Boston Common. The room was nicely decorated although on the small side. Considering we paid ?53 STG (100 dollars) a night for the room - it was great. Night club can be noisy at closing time if you are at the front of the hotel. Did not eat at the hotel - not really geared up for resident dining. Not an issue as there are lots of good places to eat within a few minutes walk. Would stay again  
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not bad but could be better!!! me and my husband and 7 year old son stayed at the tremont hotel back in november.this being our first time to the us we decided to visit boston and stay at the tremont.when we arrived we were left to make our own way up to our room,the room was right outside the lift,but we thought might as well give it a go.it was so noisy all night long the lift wouldnt stop it was driving me crazy.after our first night with no sleep, the fourth day there someone set off the smoke alarm by smoking in the hotel.we made our way down the fire escape stairway,on our way down the stairs my husband stood on a wine glass that had been left on the stairs,it smashed but luckily he wasnt hurt.as for the room the beds could of been a bit cleaner or clean sheets from the last person.we had an all american breakfast one morning and there was nothing american about it.how they even had the cheek to call it that we couldnt even eat it.yuck!!!!we also found the hotel very overpriced also would not go back.... well i dont think i would.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for money Great value for money if you can get a discounted rate. Pretty good location. It's rated 3.5 (or 4 star) but it's more like a 3 star. Some signs of wear and tear but if you can get a good rate it has everything you need and you won't be like you overpaid.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! I stayed at Tremont back in 1998 but I still remember what a great time I had! The staff was always there to help you and they were all so nice!!! I'd definitely go back!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Did Ed Mcmahon find the 4th star? We spent a week at the hotel during the cold of early January. The location was convenient--close to both green and orange T-lines, and Boston Common. The concierge wasn't too helpful, and wasn't there most of the time. The room was cheerfully decorated but tiny-with no closet and only 3 drawers and a chiffarobe for storage. The TV was on top of the chiffarobe making it impossible to see from the bed. The desk was very big though and had a comfortable Herman Miller Aeron chair. As others have pointed-out the carpet looked like a freshman dorm, and the walls are paper thin. This would be a nice 3 star hotel, but 4 is a stretch.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs down : Location, Condition of hotel  This is my first experience with a Wynham Hotel. The Tremont's rooms are small and grubby, and the carpet looks like it needs to be replaced or a good shampoo. The bathrooms look a shade better than the better quality motel's bathrooms.It's supposed to have high speed internet access but the connection was no where to be found when I checked in. Had to call the technician to install/fix.At 8pm, I asked the reception where the nearest CVS store is, so that I could walk there. She directed me. I took a 8 mins walk in the cold winter to discover that the CVS store closes at 8pm.I was to stay for 3 days. I decided to check out after 1 night.The central reservations personnel (Judy) was really helpful and thorough. It gave me hope and expectations before checking-in. On hindsight, that was the only good part.I will avoid Wyndham hotels in future.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Days, Four Nights Stayed at the Tremont for 4 nights in november 2003. Don't expect the Ritz and you won't be disappointed. My wife and I considered it 'value for money.' The room we had on the 7th floor was clean and tidy. Tried the breakfast (ONCE) and it was like eating in a crematorium..Deadsville !! Would I stay there again...YES.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We've stayed at the Tremont numerous times so it's like our hotel when we visit Boston. The valet and doorman  bellman are always friendly. The front desk are very professional (except one time when the clerk asked for an ID and credit card before asking for our name at check in) The rooms are small, but most rooms in older hotels are. We have stayed in larger rooms at the Tremont which are very nice. The Tremont is in a great location. The only bad thing about the Tremont is the noise, but this is the city and the hotel does have a night club and it's in the heart of theatre district. We have stayed the Radisson  the Park Plaza and we still prefer the Tremont.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you go here be prepared....   showReview(1428099, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel Experience Ever   showReview(1269568, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel, best value   showReview(1148963, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pleasant Stay!   showReview(1147878, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time in Boston!   showReview(1137026, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>atcer28
<Content>Not the best but good for the money   showReview(1131000, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Reviewed but not Impressed   showReview(1127471, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Three Cheers for the Tremont Hotel   showReview(982885, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wydham - Tremont Street, Boston   showReview(937598, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dinahcat
<Content>Excellent Location for a Quick Trip   showReview(859291, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das war sehr gut   showReview(18536647, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Carolinap2005
<Content>Muy buen hotel, estupendo       Habitacion  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>steseit
<Content>Renoviertes Hotel, nett aber kleine Zimmer       Der Block  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	3	3	

