<Author>ModernDayNomad
<Content>Authentic Paris Experience       The Pink Room @ Le Tourville  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>banana64
<Content>Faultless, highly recommend it. Just back from a weekend trip to Paris, stayed at the lovely Tourville Hotel. Hats off to David the Concierge, kind, helpful, friendly, courteous. We had the superior room, room 34. It was lovely, just about the right size for Paris, but with two big full length windows, which added to the feeling of space. And the bathroom was spotless, along with the rest of the room. The location was perfect, for firstimers to Paris, it could not have been better. Around the corner from the metro, walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, walk the other direction about 100 yards for Les Invalides, Plenty of restaurants cafes and supermarkets within yards. We didnt hear a thing outside our window, we could not believe hwo quiet it was for a saturday morning, and we were back in our room by 11 or 12 each night and again, very quiet. We had a wonderful meal at the Tribeca restaurant in the street behind the hotel, the sweetest waitress ever, beautiful food, that didnt break the bank. I loved the area, loved the hotel and its location and would definately go back here again. The only reason I wouldnt reccomend it to my friends is because I wouldnt like to share it!!! A wonderful experience indeed.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DHinCU
<Content>A great little hotel close to the Eiffel Tower and more We chose this hotel because my husband stayed there on a business trip the year before. It's on a quiet street, but within walking distance to wonderful cafes, restaurants, and tourist attractions. The room was clean, modern bathroom facilities, and breakfast room very cozy.  What we liked the most was the very friendly staff. They were very helpful with any questions we had, and arranged for transportation to the airport for us.The price was reasonable too and we would stay there again!DHIllinois  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WoodyNorthCarolina
<Content>Great Hotel My group had 5 rooms for 4 nights. The rooms were very clean and the staff could not have been better. Great location close to the tube. You cant go wrong with this property  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	1	-1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Assie55
<Content>Great stay at Hotel le Tourville My wife and I stayed at Hotel le Tourville for 9 fantastic days. Our room was a superior room, plenty of space and very clean. The location was perfect for us. It was in a beautiful tree lined street, the Metro is around the corner, not far from the Eiffel Tower and the River Seine. The staff were all very helpful and nothing was too much trouble for them.We can recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmb08
<Content>Fantastic We just got back from our honeymoon at Hotel le Tourville. We were there for 6 nights and had a great stay. Our room (#38) was plenty big and had a queen bed and nice bathroom for 160 euros a night. Everything was clean, well taken care of, and quiet. The staff was friendly and very helpful in making recommendations and arrangements for us around Paris. The metro is right there as are quite a few cafes, bakeries, etc. The Eiffel tower is practically right around the block. We would not hesitate to stay here again if we ever return to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>grainneuiloinsigh
<Content>Nice, Compact, Clean, Well Located, but badly treated Nice, Compact, Clean, Well Located, but badly treatedMy husband and I stayed at the Hotel le Tourville in June. We were celebrating a our 30th anniversary and our daughter booked us into Tourville based on the hotel's proximity to Le Tour Eiffel. The location is great, the rooms were small but that is not untypical for Paris, the hotel was clean and bright. We enjoyed our stay. I would have been able to give this hotel a 4 out of 5 review were it not for the rude treatment we received on departure from the hotel after our two night stay. My daughter had arranged payment for the room in advance, as she had also done with a number of other hotels that we had visited on our trip. My daughter had confirmed this by telephone and email. My husband and I verbally confirmed this when we checked in. However, the front of hotel staff was horribly misinformed and insisted, rudely, that we settle the bill.I was terribly insulted, and embarrassed as I was unable to explain the situation given that the staff member was rather unapproachable. Repeated attempts to contact the hotel to have the charge reversed and simply put onto my daughters credit card as pre arranged have been ignored.We are so disappointed that the wonderful stay in Paris at Hotel la Tourville was tarnished by one staff member and management's unwillingness to simply put right what they had agreed.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	1	1	5	

<Author>dwirthwein
<Content>Nice place! Just got back today from (the past) 6 nights at this property with my wife and daughter... Yes, the rooms are Paris-sized (small) but very nicely kept and recently updated and the hotel is charming. Beds are very comfortable. We enjoyed our stay and this hotel was a great deal - 160 Euros/night for 3 people.Great location is just a minute walk from the Ecole Militaire Metro stop - which (though the stop only has one Metro line) is very, very convenient for getting around - and hotel is just a block away from Les Invalides (Napoleons tomb) and the Rodin Museum... A full view of the Eiffel Tower, from the end of the mall that its on - is probably 3-5 minutes away (great for night viewing of the zillion twinkling lights) - and the Tower itself is probably a lazy 10-15 minute walk up the mall . The River Seine is 15 mintues walk up several different streets in several different directions.There is a small grocery 4 or 5 doors down from the hotel, a larger one 2 minutes away, two cafes about a minute walk away and 2 bakeries (for morning treats) about 2 minutes away each. Our favorite stop for crepes was about 5-7 minutes away - and was a frequent stop on the way home each night.No negatives whatsoever. Loved it. There are busier, more touristy areas in town - but thought this was a nice mix of tourist and local.Taxi to CDG airport took 30 minutes and cost $53 Euros, FYI.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Kmcourt
<Content>Paris Charm Arriving at this hotel I was charmed by the fantastic exterior and instantly knew we made a good choice, the lobby is small but nice. The rooms were also small but as Paris goes you just need them to sleep in. The hotel is in the fantastic 7th district and is close to several metro stations. The staff were very pleasant and helpful throughout our stay. I would definitely stay here again....  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	3	1	

<Author>blufla
<Content>Loved the Hotel Le Tourville       The neighborhood  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>a_diner
<Content>perfect location This was a pleasant, quiet, small room in a wonderful location. The staff were VERY nice. The bed comfortable. It's nothing fancy, but met our needs. The breakfast is way overpriced and not very good, but it was easy. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Jillef
<Content>Nice location Stayed here for a week in April. Rooms are tiny but clean, with hair dryer the only real amenity. Lobby is pleasant but small. Front desk staff were helpful except for woman who gave incorrect information and was cold. I asked her where to catch the #69 bus listed in Rick Steve's guide and she noted the bus did not go where the book said it did. She said to take a complicated series of buses instead. (P.S the book was correct, she was not). Hotel is in a safe area, close to the wonderful Rue Cler food area, @10 minute walk to Eiffel Tower , and right by a metro station.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>theblond
<Content>magnificent - dont tell too many people! Le Tourville hotel, ParisExcellent. Best place to stay in Paris, no posh luxury but close to it anyway. Small, cosy, clean, nice warm colours, with beautiful rooms - you can ask for a quiet room facing the inner courtyard, or to the street; choose between quietno view or streetsome voicesmore light. Great beds, the room was airy and good in space - we had premium (or something!) rooms. Very nice bathrooms, new and bright, very clean. Fantastic beds. Breakfast in room was very good and exactly on time. The hotel-area is very nice, good restaurants nearby and walking distance to some major museums and sights. Take this if you want a hotel with personal feeling, good area, nice (very nice!) rooms. I cannot find anything I`d like to complain about... and I am good at complaining! Definitely 4 stars, bathroom and beds even better. But dont expect a big hotel with massive services - this place has a personal touch, a parisian feeling. We will definitely go back there. Decently priced - keep this place a secret for those who can value it!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sanfranguy10
<Content>why go here? I stayed here for 3 nights based on recommendations in guide books and pictures on websites. Now that I've been, I'd never go back. Le Tourville lacks charm and is in an area that basically closes down at night. The restaurants within a few blocks are mediocre. Sure, Le Tourville is close to the subway and some museums. But when there are great neigborhoods all over Paris, why stay among government buildings and block-long concrete museums. The charming streets that Rick Steves so fond are few in number and have long ago been taken over by other tourists carrying his guides. A quick walk around other parts of Paris (e.g. the left bank or marais areas come to mind) were enough to convince me that there's so much more than this.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>LAtahoe
<Content>Amazing stay in paris My husband and I stayed for a one week stay in Paris and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Tourville Hotel.The hotel is ideally located walking distance from the Eiffel tower, in a residential ( very SAFE!!) area. We did a lot of walking as major attractions such as Louvre museum, Orsey, and Champs Elyses are not too far. We just loved being able to walk in a such nice neighborhood. Metro stops are also very close but the weather was so sunny that we decided to walk most of the time!Hotel staff are so helpful, Peggy  David gave great restaurant recommandations, helped us with directions and always interact in a subtle manner. We dined at La Fontaine de Mars, local restaurant with friendly staff and at Les Ombres. This is a new restaurant inside the new Quai Branly museum. The decor is just amazing, with impressive view of the eiffel tower.We stayed in a superior room, which was very comfortable. Now we are used to european standards so we expected a tiny room, but the room was much larger than at the Verneuil were we usually stay.All in all, a great stay in the city of lights. We shall return.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KCWestSussex
<Content>Definitely not Four Star What a rip off!! This was such a disappointment. We wanted a well-earned romantic Valentine weekend in lovely surroundings. The hotel's website photos gave the impression that this hotel warranted it's 4* rating but the reality is that it is no better and in some cases with much less facilities than other 3* hotels I've stayed at in Paris. We upgraded to a superior room because it offered a private terrace. The terrace was completely overshadowed by the tall buildings only feet away around it that made it cold, dark and uninviting - we didn't use it. The room was very small and there were lots of little annoyances, e.g. no tea or coffee making facilities, the 'international' TV had only a handful of channels, only English speaking one of which was CNN, no film rental, no mini bar, no shower curtain so the spray from the shower went all over the water stained marble washbasin counter. It was all very 'basic' and the bed was really uncomfortable. One reviewer has mentioned how quiet the hotel is. We were in room 18 and we heard a lot of bathroom noises from another room. The decor and furnishings were nice but with everything being so small and compact you didn't want to spend any time there. The breakfast room is nice and cosy down in the cellar. The only morning we had breakfast there, the waitress was clearing away the buffet when we arrived at 10.30 ( though they serve until 11.00). Two other parties arrived after us and both of them were served their coffee before us. We had to ask the waitress 3 times before it arrived. We of course had a wonderful time in Paris away from the hotel and though it is in a pretty good location, I can't honestly recommend it unless they downgrade it. Definitely not worth the money they charge and I would love to know how they got 4 stars.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Pogo42
<Content>Loved Tourville in Paris Exceptionally clean darling hotel with character and great location. Bilingual staff very helpful and courteous. Close to metro, Eiffel Tower and many major historical sites and museums.Lots of great food markets in walking distance. Be sure to get something from Letore bakery around corner which has some of the most exceptional pastries and deserts in Paris..Although bedroom was small it had nice decor and heavy curtains. Windows face onto a fairly quiet street for that area. We slept great. Loved it there.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sdjeff4sc
<Content>Good Location, Helpful Staff       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>zinful
<Content>Tourville is Terriffic! We stayed at the Tourville for 5 nights at the beginning of November. From check-in to check-out everyone was plesant and accommodating. David at the front desk was wonderful. Everyone spoke english. You leave your key with the front desk when you leave for the day/night and when you return, if the front desk person hadn't met you yet they asked questions without being rude to make sure you were the right person to give the key AND they always recognized and acknowledged you with a smile, even when awakend at 3am! Our room was on the street and noise wasn't a factor. A very residental area without a lot of sirens, bus stops outside the window or school children in the early morning. The bed was comfortable, the room clean and spacious (in European standards). The bathroom was large and the shower perfect (alas, no shower curtain) and the towels large and soft. During our stay we purchased a bottle of champage for a picnic the next day at the Eiffel Tower and asked if they could keep chilled - no problem, can you make reservations for us at this restaurant - no problem. We didn't partake in the breakfast served in a basement/cellar room - there were plenty of bakeries in the neighborhood to get a snack in the morning or the grocery store around to the corner for fruit, juice and pastry for about 2 euro instead of 12 euro. A lap top computer with internet access - 5 euro for 45 minutes. A short 3 or so minute walk to the metro, 10 minutes to the Eiffel Tower, 5 minutes to Rue Cler, and MANY yummy restaurants (highly rated Zagat ones) within a 10 -20 minute walk. There were other hotels in the area - one next door with rate posted much lower than what we paid but the dirty windows, plastic chairs and a dead plant on the front desk made me glad we paid extra for a room at the Tourville. I think we paid about 220 euro a night, a bit more than we usually pay but it was for my 40th birthday and we would be arriving tired from a busy time a work. It was worth every euro!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MmeSheppy
<Content>Have the appropriate expectations. Not 4 stars This is not a 4 star hotel - - I think this is what trips people up about this place. If it were rated and priced appropriately, it would have more consistent reviews. The good things: lovely, helpful, (mostly) English speaking staff. Decent neighborhood. Rue Cler is amazing. Metro is close. Breakfast was delicious - delivered to your room promptly whenever you choose (better then a wake up call) and a good deal. Down sides: The rooms are marginal at best. Our room just didn't feel that clean. It had clearly just been vacuumed, but there were permanent brown stains on the carpet and mildew in the tub. Pretty unappealing. The w/c was separate from the rest of the bathroom and had a permanent and unpleasant smell. Furniture was cheap - handles literally broke off in our hands. Also, there is no air conditioning after September 30th - they turn over to heat. It was warm when we were there. We opened the windows, but because we had a room on the avenue, it was then very loud. And speaking of loud, walls are paper thin. The couple next door had a wicked fight. We felt like we were standing between them! However, if you have the appropriate expectations, you will very much enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>rapveron
<Content>Wonderful place to stay with wonderful staff My wife and I just returned from 9-wonderful days in Paris and a memeroable experience for our 25th wedding anniversary. We selected the hotel from the internet, booked it thru the internet, site unseen and without reading any reviews. We heard many stories about hotels having restrooms/bathrooms not in the room, therefore, having these facilities in the room became a priority. Using this criteria as well as Left Bank we hit upon the Hotel le Tourville; I cannot say enough about this hotel and staff. Very quaint, well appointed and charming, some 30 plus rooms, some with balconies (we did not have a balcony), but that was okay. It room was wonderful located on the 3rd floor with two windows looking onto a courtyard. The hotel is located on the Left Bank just a short walk to the Tomb of Napoleon, Eiffel Tower, and two blocks from the metrotrain..........a block and a half from shops which Julia Childs used when in Paris...............wow. The staffs only interest is making sure your experience is the best humanly possible. Booking restaurants, explaining where and how to get there, booking sight seeing tours and recommending personal things they enjoy in Paris made our stay an unforgettable one. Actually, we plan to return, Lord willing and Hotel le Tourville will be our hotel choice. David and Peggy, (hotel satff members) did everything possible to assist, direct and advise us, we will not forget their sincere hospitality. There were others just as polite and helpful, unfortuantely I do not recall their names. All their recommendations were excellent. The staff scheduled a shuttle to pick us up at the airport and had one there to take us back. Five stars is all I can give based on this questionaire, if more were available they would have them. After arriving we noted the hotel is a four (4) star rated hotel, something we did not know before arriving. Recommending them is the easiest thing and I consider it a blessing to do so.Rex and Priscilla  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kay0855
<Content>Very nice hotel in great neighborhood We stayed here for five nights this summer and had a great experience. The first night, our second story room did not have A/C so they provided a fan, which served well. However, when they could not fix the A/C on the following day they moved us into a (larger) room on the first floor. We preferred the higher floor, but A/C was more important since it was in August. Only problem with this room is that it is directly behind the reception desk in the lobby and the person there has a chair that scrapes every time they move it -- we suggest to the hotel management that they get a chair with wheels or put the one they have on a rug or carpet -- a fairly easy fix to make the customers in that room happier!!The staff in the lobby were extremely helpful! All of them spoke English very well. Another reviewer has said that there was no place for any extra luggage, however we were able to have our extra luggage (which we did not need to access during our stay) kept in a closet in the lobby, so didn't have to worry about it taking up space in our room. Tips for any one planning on staying here: There IS ice in the lobby - just ask for it; the windows are very well insulated as far as keeping the noise out which we very much appreciated; several excellent cafes within two blocks; L'Open Tour bus stop only about one-and-a-half blocks away (you can almost use this as your local bus with a several-day pass, which is what we did); there is a bodega-type store a few doors down from the hotel entrance when you want some cheap eats/drinks; we had breakfast brought to our room in the mornings, and it was MORE than adequate and brought at exactly the time we had requested.Another suggestion for the management: Install some type of partition at the shower head end of the tub, a glass wall would work well. Without anything currently there during our stay, water from our showers went all over the sink/counter every time we bathed. This can be solved fairly easily and would make the bathrooms a lot more user-friendly.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TheBonbonies
<Content>Persepctive of two people having travelled the world (almost all continents) We stayed for one night a few days ago at this establishment. We picked the place based on positive reviews we had read on tripadvisor and our expectation for a 4 star hotel. Looking back at the reviews, having stayed there now, we believe that the reviewers might have been so excited about being in Paris that they just overlookeed everything. They were happy to be in a quite neighborhood of Paris, eating croissant and a baugette for the morning!!For us, this was a europen 2* star experience. It cearly does not meet a 4* European standard. We had just stayed at another 4* hotel, quite a lovely one in Berlin. The breakfast is just a continental breakfast. As a matter of fact, the IBIS chain hotels (usually they are only a 2* establishment) have a much more elaborate breakfast. The staff is quite nice based on our limited interaction. Since we knew our way around Paris and were staying for such a short time we did not interact with them too much. We had a regular room. The room size is quite small. We were lucky to have given our main luggage from a two week holiday in Europe to storage service at the airport. There would have not been a space for the luggage at all. If you are planning to stay at this establishment for a few nights, you should perhaps consider getting one of the superior rooms, based on other reviewers. Other comments: We got no help with our luggage (hopefully since they were so small. There is no safe box in the room. The first 4 * hotel that I had to bring all my precious belongings to the front desk and save them in the safe box next to the lobby. It seemed like the Concierge and the front lobby personal are the same. No turn down service. Amenities in the room are far and few in between. Newspapers are available in the lobby but not under your door.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	1	2	2	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>rtravels
<Content>Parfait! We spent a week in Paris at the Tourville and loved both the city and the hotel. This was our first trip to France and the hotel exceeded our expectations. We splurged on a room with a private terrace and it was well worth it...we spent every night outside our room drinking a bottle of wine underneath the Parisian sky.Although small by general American standards, the room is actually quite large when compared to similiar hotels in New York. It's well decorated in pastel colors with fun, anitque furniture and a nice bathroom. The curtains are very thick and the hotel amazingly quiet so be warned...there's a good chance you'll sleep better here than at home. We had a hard time getting out of bed every day simply because there was no disturbance (light, noise, housekeeping) to wake us. The front desk was very nice and helpful and the room spotless. As for the neighborhood, you can't beat it. You are steps away from beautiful cafes, about two blocks from the rue cler street market and a short stroll from the Eiffel Tower. Also, the Ecole Militare Metro stop is very close. If you don't pick this hotel, at least consider staying in this neighborhood.Overall, a dream trip and a beautiful place to call home for a week.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maines
<Content>Left Bank Gem The Hotel Le Tourville is blessed with an exceedingly amiable and helpful staff, as well as an ideal location for those who want to experience Paris a pied. Near the Eiffel Tower and Les Invalides, with parks and the Seine as well as public transportation easily accessible, this hotel has plenty of amenities but fits into a quiet, pleasant neighborhood. The rooms are small but comfortable, with well equipped private baths, and are tastefully decorated and clean. We recommend it highly!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>vacationaddictnyc
<Content>A Nice, Quiet Hotel The reviewers are all correct, a nice, clean, helpful, and very quiet little hotel in a very safe and quiet residential part of Paris. Not perfect, but what is. My wife and teenage daughter and myself survived a week in a small room together and had a great stay. We had the ground floor room off the lobby that has a small office adjacent to it. The ringing phone would wake us in the morning, but we used it as an alarm clock, we didn't mind but those wishing to sleep in later would not like it. I wish this hotel was located in the Luxembourg Gardens area that is more a student area with lots of inexpensive restaurants, shopping, etc. But I would be tempted to go back because the front staff were very helpful and made our stay more comfortable.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tennistime
<Content>Wonderful staff and enjoyable location Recently spent eight nights here on our first trip to Paris. Crisp linens every day in a very small but quiet room with nice view. Ask for the fifth floor. Staff was awesome, always willing to help, and made reservations each night for us for dinner. You can order breakfast for one (plus one egg) the night before to be sent to your room (enough for two of you, to save a few euros): one plain croissant, one chocolate, one baguette, yogurt, great orange juice, and a good pot of coffee with hot milk. Breakfast room is very nice and service terrific. TV was tiny and no CNN as promised on the hotel notes. No radio. Clean, good-sized bathroom with not quite a shower. Wonderful location looking out on pretty residences and you could feel almost like a resident and not a tourist. Very pretty lobby. Rick Steves' Paris 2007 noted this hotel and we love his books. We got a very good rate on the hotel web pages. Early March is a great time to see Paris.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Havener
<Content>Nice, but could do better The fact that nobody has passed comment on this hotel for the last 10 weeks speaks volumes for this hotel. It is most definitely a decent hotel with lots of character, but it is ready for an injection of tender love and care - some of the carpets and paintwork are starting to look a bit tatty. The breakfast room is very nice. Breakfast was acceptable, but very ordinary - I'm afraid I can't get over excited about a bread roll, a croissant and some processed cheese. We managed to negotiate a rate of 185 euros per night accommodation only for our superior room. I would have been very disappointed if I had paid the full rate of 220 euros per night.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>c.h.s.p
<Content>Decent hotel This was a decent hotel. The website made it look so crisp and clean, but I found the actual hotel itself to be a bit dingy with cracked paint on the walls and bad carpeting. The staff was pleasant however, and it was quitely located in a residential neighborhood. It was a short walk to the Eiffel Tower, which was great, but if I were to go to Paris again, I think I would stay by Notre Dame, which was more centrally located to a majority of Paris' major sights.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>205jam
<Content>A little jewel in the heart of paris I hesitate to tell anyone about this little left bank boutique hotel 'cause I want to keep it all to myself!!!! Everything about this hotel is wonderful. Our room overlooked a small terrace with lush foliage, had a great king sized bed, large bathroom, a very clean and well furnished room and most of all - it was very quiet. The location, adjacent to the Rue Cler neigborhood, was perfect for shopping, good food and great people watching. It is like a little oasis in the heart of Paris.At the front desk was dear Peggy-who was a wealth of information and always had a smile for everyone. The staff was most efficient in getting anything we needed and quickly too. There is no doubt as to where I will stay on my next visit to Paris- Hotel Le Tourville!!!!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Critical_But_Fair
<Content>Super Small Hotel For the money, you will be hard pressed to beat Hotel le Tourville. As other reviewers have noted, the rooms are quite small, but they have all of the amenities you really need for those on holiday (not for business travelers). Especially nice bathrooms. Very colorful throughout. Ask for rooms on the first floor with a private terrace. The surrounding neighborhood is residential, and there is a Metro station two blocks away. The Eiffel Tower is less than a 15-minute walk.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jeffv1810
<Content>Great Hotel This is a great boutique hotel. Only 30 rooms, but the front desk staff is great (especially David) and they speak very good English. Rooms are small, which is typical, but very clean and well appointed. The location is great - just a few blocks from the Eiffel Tower, a block from the Metro and a short walk to Rue Claire (a must see for local food market). Many neighborhood bistros, cafes and shops nearby. I would highly recommend this hotel - decent rate and great service.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>WarEagleHeMan
<Content>Staying There Again in 2007 My wife and pre-teen daughter stayed for a week in March, 2006. Having traveled extensively in Europe since 1980, I found this hotel to be one of my best finds ever. The entire staff, particularly Charlotte, were exceptionally helpful, friendly, and pleasant. They expertly guided us through the temporary metro strike. Our room was always clean, crisp and neat. Although not the largest room I've stayed in, I found it to be an exceptional room for Paris. The location is absolutely perfect for those who go, go, go while in Paris. Three minutes to the Metro, five minutes to Champs de Mars, three minutes to Rue Cler, with an abundance of perfectly Parisian cafes just outside the hotel. Our room was on the courtyard and wonderfully quiet. We slept until noon on several days as we stayed out late every night. This is a truly Parisian, boutique hotel with a lot of character, well done interiors, and kind and professional staff.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>muylle
<Content>super small hotel It is a great hotel, but very hard to get rooms as they are constantly booked.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Voila!
<Content>Brilliant! My husband and I stayed at this lovely hotel for 5 nights and we loved it! It was very french with feminine and beautiful touches to the lobby and our superior room. The front desk was VERY friendly and helpful every time that we needed them. The location was ideal to the metro, eiffel tower, and rue cler where we ate breakfast every morning. Also, the air conditioning was perfectly cold. (unlike many european air-conditioners)We will be back!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slocal
<Content>Delightful small hotel We thoroughly enjoyed our five night stay at this cozy hotel well located in the Rue de Cler neighborhood near the Eiffel Tower. Our rooms (the least expensive) were quite small, but very clean and well maintained with pleasant decor. The bathrooms had tub and shower, which was nice. We would have like some sort of partial enclosure to keep the shower spray from getting over other parts of the bathroom, which was completely tiled. The air-conditioning was excellent and the double-paned windows provided excellent protection from street noise. The beds were comfortable and kept very clean on a daily basis.We received excellent recommendations for good and reasonably priced restaurants, and there were plenty to choose from and a small grocery store around the corner. It was near a metro stop and we liked the less busy, less touristy location. We felt very safe and the newly renovated lobby was pleasant and comfortable. The staff spoke excellent english and were efficient and courteous. Assistance was readily given when requested and there was someone on duty at the entry desk at all hours. Would definitely return there for another stay!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2trvl
<Content>Tr猫s Charmer! Divine and overflowing with charm. It is the perfect location as everything is so accessible. Our room (we splurged on one with a terrace) looks exactly like the website photos. It was quiet, there was plenty of space for clothes in closet and in dresser. Every night we would get ice from concierge (and real glasses) and have cocktails on the terrace. (The rooms don鈥檛 have a minibar, but the hotel does have a bar in the lobby however we just bought vodka and tonic from the store down the street.) The staff was most accommodating, especially Charlotte 鈥?who made an error in the reservations so my son had to have the basement room the first night but we were not charged. She was so apologetic. (The room wasn鈥檛 a bad size but it didn鈥檛 have a window and my son said it was noisy in the morning while they were serving breakfast.) The next day, they moved his bag to his new room while we were out sightseeing. (And they did have a porter for our things when we arrived.) One of the ladies was actually upset that she didn鈥檛 remember which room our son was in so she didn鈥檛 have his key ready! The next room my son had was a standard room on the ground floor. It was a nice size and there were bars on the window for security. Peggy was also helpful. She recommended the water taxi which is a nice alternative to the metro, though we used the metro a lot because the stop was so close to the hotel. We ate at nearby restaurants most of the time. The Indian Restaurant next to the hotel, in particular was very good. It served the best chicken curry ever. Rue Cler is a very quaint area to walk around in. There is also a launder-mat on the way to the metro, next to the bank, should anyone need to wash a few things and the post office is also nearby. The two minor minuses: the hairdryer was almost pointless 鈥?it was hot, but it didn鈥檛 really blow. And, of course, no shower curtain 鈥?but this is common so hardly worth mentioning. Believe me, I will always recommend this hotel to anyone I know going to Paris 鈥?I hope we get to go back!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again! We stayed in room 62 (which I was told is the flagship suite of the hotel) June 15-17, 2006 and, based on my experiences with four star hotels in the US (Hyatts, Marriotts, etc), I was very disappointed in this property. The room was small (buttresses obstructed headroom in half of the room), the bathroom was not cleaned properly on arrival and one of the staff (I assume was the manager on duty at check-in and departure) was rude (she wanted to argue about the bathroom even the day after check-in after three conversations the first day). The continental breakfast was listed at 12 euros on the hotel鈥檚 website and we were charged 18 euros in the dining room where the offerings were marginal in quality and quantity. The milk was sour and the service not much better. By the way, you can eat a much better breakfast for 6 euros down on the corner towards the Place des Invalides.On top of that, my daughter discovered when she unpacked her luggage at home that items she had purchased (makeup) were missing and the hotel鈥檚 internet connection was down while we were there (I was told on Thursday it would be repaired by Friday, but that didn't happen). I really needed that convenience for business and it was part of the reason we booked this hotel.Overall, it was MUCH less satisfactory than the small hotel we left in the 15th even though it cost THREE TIMES as much. This hotel will never again be on my list of places to stay in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ortrude
<Content>A real winner We recently spent 15 nights at this lovely hotel. The staff was extremely cordial and helpful without being intrusive. The hotel was tasteful, immaculately clean, very quiet, with good beds and comfortable chairs. The location was perfect - within 5 minute walk to metro, Eiffel Tower, bank, bakeries, fruit stands, grocery stores, laundromat, and at least 8 excellent restaurants. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Spoda
<Content>Great location in Paris!       Hotel at Night  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jltaylor
<Content>Great location, Good service The hotel location is great - walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire, Invalides, and Napoleon's Tomb. It's also right around the corner from a metro stop.I spent very little time in the hotel, preferring to be out in Paris instead. Breakfast was excellent (and fresh, unlike some other reviewers' experiences). The staff were courtious. It took a couple of times to get used to leaving the room key with the front desk on the way out, but it really was more convenient not to have to carry it.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay in paris My wife and I stayed at hotel tourville for a week stay and had the time of our life.The hotel is located is in a lovely area walking distance to the eiffle tower.The weather was not so great but still we had time to enjoy the Louvre museum and went to versalles castle, outside Paris.Our room was big enough and beautifully decorated.The staff was very friendly and made great restaurant reservations.Can't wait for our next stay. Will be back.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great boutique hotel Recently booked 3 rooms with terraces for a family vacation. Lovely boutique hotel with friendly and very helpful staff. Great location near Eiffel Tower, convenient to Metro stop. If you want a large impersonal hotel, don't stay here. If you want a hotel where the staff quickly get to know you, this is a great place to stay. The hotel is well kept and the rooms very clean and of good size with a mix of traditional and antique furniture. Recommended in Rick Steve's Paris book as well as others.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Davidsad
<Content>Great hotel in a great location We stayed at the Hotel le Tourville for 6 days in May. It was terrific, as most of the reviews indicate. We arrived early on Sunday morning, and the staff, knowing that we had an overnight flight, had our room all ready for us. They were so helpful throughout our stay. Our room was a suite on the top floor: spacious, comfortable, with a large bathroom and storage space. It was quiet at night, and had a nice view. And the Rue Cler neighborhood can't be beat. It is very Parisian.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Hotel le Tourville is a wonderful, charming little place The Hotel le Tourville is a small boutique hotel. It is not a large chain hotel, and no one checking in should expect the extras that come along with the larger hotels - i.e. full service dining, exercise facilities, conference center, etc. That being said, the hotel is a charming, comfortable little oasis with a relaxed reception area (with some very interesting and OLD books on display). The rooms are small - but so what? They are neat, well-maintained and cheerful. Breakfast is simple but more than sufficient. The staff was always attentive and ready to assist. Because there are only 30 or so rooms in the building, the staff, particularly the front desk staff, quickly learn the faces and names of those staying more than a couple of nights. This creates a feeling that you live here, and are not simply renting a room for a few days. Myself and my traveling companion each requested early check-in on our arrival and were greeted with rooms ready at 9 AM. The neighborhood is a quiet, residential place with several fine restaurants and shops close by. The Eiffel Tower and the Invalides are short walks away. Should I ever return to Paris, I will be staying at the Hotel le Tourville, and I will recommend it to anyone I know who is traveling to Paris.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reasonable.. Average Rooms, best for the pricing.They have proper room service. .. Phones work and your kins can reach you.. Bathroom is cramp but clean.I rate them above average.. I will be travelling in June/July and stick on with them.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice room,poor service The hotel is well located near the eiffel tower.We loved our room,however the staff is very rude and unpolite.We were supposed to stay 4 nights but left after 2.No recommendation,no smile,we asked about museums and transport,the lady at the front desk doesn't know anything.She always said I don' know.We will never send anybody to this hotel.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>new owner, poor service, not 4 stars anymore My wife and i stayed for the 4 th time in our favorite hotel. But we were totally disapointed that time. The lobby has been renovated but has lost all of the charm. It was so charming before, it's a real disaster now! The staff is now not friendly as before and doesn't care of the guests at all. Moreover there is no help for the luggage, and no barmaid if you wish to drink at the bar, we ask people at the front desk but they didn't have time to serve.The really most disapointed thing was the breakfast, poor choice and everything seemed to be not fresh at all. We will never go back to this hotel. Beware if you knew this hotel before.Was much better before. This is definitely not a good place anymore.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>1	2	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>areader
<Content>Will Visit Again My husband and I visited Le Tourville in June, 2005 for four nights. We had a lovely stay and preferred the quiet location as we enjoyed returning to our peaceful little neighborhood at the end of each day. We dined within a few blocks of the hotel each evening and we highly suggest you seek the recommendations of the hotel staff. All references were excellent. Tourville's location was perfect for strolling over to the eiffel tower after dinner which we really enjoyed.The breakfast room was cozy and very tidy during our stay. The bread products were perhaps not the freshest, but we enjoyed the ability to dine in prior to heading out for the day. We paid for convenience, however, if you are looking for quality, you may prefer to dine elsewhere in the morning.For our next visit, we will book a Superior room as the Standard double is TINY...barely any space to walk with luggage. We attempted to upgrade upon arrival (after seeing the room). It was possible for us to upgrade, however we would be charged for both rooms that first night as housekeeping had already left for the evening and even though we only stepped foot in the room, they would not have been able to rent the room that evening. Not the best customer service. The bathroom in our room was tiny....not the best products, and you could just about hop out of bed and land in the bathroom, which was unexpected after viewing the pictures of the hotel. This is a small hotel, definitely comfortable but has some quirks which are easy to live with considering the room rate and its ideal location. Be prepared to leave your key with the desk and yes, I was able to get a pot of hot water for tea each evening, delivered to our room.I am a very fussy hotel guest and this is a very clean, comfortable, and charming hotel, ideally located and we WILL be back!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pitttrader1988
<Content>Maid stole my wife's ear rings Great neighborhood. Great cheese shop nearby (Mme Cantin). It is a litte out of the way for the major touristy stuff. Maid stole my wife's ear rings, and the front desk was no help. Ruined a great stay.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very friendly, helpful folks.            
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>avoid the breakfast room We had a nice stay, our room was clean and enough spacious for just 2 nights stay. People at the reception was polite. Location is great, near Eifffel tower and shopping street. Just avoid the breakfast at the hotel, the dinning room is dusty and not well maintained, poor service and poor items. Is was not included in the rate, we tried it once and were not satisfied at all, we told to the reception about that and said they will look after those problems but when we went again the next morning nothing as changed, so we just left.The Hotel is pleasant, just avoid the breakfast there, you will easely find a better place.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>taylis
<Content>Dont Stay Anywhere Else!! My mother and I stayed at this charming hotel for 10 days to celebrate her 70th birthday and we couldnt have chosen a better place to stay!! I dont know where these people are staying in the states when they say it is small- I thought the room was as large as any you can find in America for about the same price! The marble bathrooms are beautiful and very clean (most importantly) and the room was always kept vacuumed and clean (I even think they changed the sheets everyday-try to find that in America while during an extended stay!). The staff is wonderful. When we arrived (7AM) after a long flight, we were shown immedialtely to our room-no waiting until check in time so we could get a quick nap in before settling into Parisian life. They have front desk safes and a nice breakfast room. I thought the pastries were as nice as any you can find on Rue Cler and they also served freshly-squeezed orange juice. I didnt get that in the cafes on the corner! Right next door to the hotel is a Tabac and two or three doors down is their version of a 7-Eleven. It is run by two of the nicest guys you would ever want to meet!! Where were the rude French you always hear about?? They do not exist!! Especially near this hotel! Everyone was helpful-the two cafes on the corner, the magazine stands, the supermarket, the money exchanger around the corner (best rates in town by the way), to all the people up and down Rue Cler. The metro is literally around the corner. If you walk out the hotel and turn left, Les Invalides is about 1 block away. The Le Open Tour bus stops right in front of Les Invalides and is very convienent. We loved the bus tour so much that we purchased 2 extra days! If anyone knows what the name of that Pierre song is, please post it!! We also went to Le Cordon Bleu when we were there and they offer a variety of classes to take-we highly recommend them!! The hotel would get us taxi's, put up with our in-laws who live in Paris and came over to check out the hotel before we arrived, and get any reservations we needed. I cannot wait until I save all my pennies and get back- I WILL NOT stay anywhere else!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Always LeTourville This is nice little but very comfortable hotel with excellent staff and service. Morover, the hotel is strategically located in a nice neighborhood in the 7th, which makes it easy to go all over Paris. It's really a nice place to stay while in Paris.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved le Tourville My wife and I just returned from a week's stay in Paris and found the Hotel le Tourville to be charming, well-appointed, friendly and very clean. The room, for European standards, was quite satisfactory in size, and the newly-redecorated bathroom covered in marble was fabulous, also quite large for a European room.We had a Superior Room, which was a little larger than the regular rooms. It was nicely decorated and nicely appointed, and the bed was quite comfortable.The staff was quite friendly and always helpful and went to great lengths to make our stay enjoyable, including making reservations for us and recommending nearby restaurants, giving directions and suggestions as to where to go and where to eat.They were also quite willing to correct problems; our television set did not get any English-speaking stations, and they happily changed the TV the very next day so we could watch CNN and BBC.We will not hesitate to stay at le Tourville again when we go to Paris, hopefully next time in warmer weather!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FairBalanced
<Content>Very nice, but not a 4-Star Three of us stayed in a junior suite here in Sept 2005. Overall we liked the hotel very much, primarily because of a very helpful, friendly staff and absolutely great location. Our room, though not that large, was nicely decorated and comfortable, but not 4-star by US standards, (eg plastic cups, tricky lighting system, and no comfortable chairs on which to sit). Bath was large and well equipped. Beds were comfortable with good linens. This neighborhood is great and we will have fond memories of this somewhat pricey boutique hotel.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming We just returned from Paris. We loved staying at Hotel le Tourville. This adorable hotel was just a few blocks from the Eifell Tower. Ask for a room with a balcony... Lots of sidewalk cafes in the area...great food in all directions. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The bathrooms were large and modern, comfortable mattresses, tasteful decor, and a peaceful location. We will make this hotel our home base when ever we visit Paris.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very charmant hotel I stay at this splendide hotel for one week in Paris, and I enjoy it very much. The vue from my room was fabuleuse and the diner was parfaitement prepare and presente. I suggest que vous stay at this hotel which I very much recommende.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Trip Advisor from Dallas, TX
<Content>Charming hotel in great location! We have just returned from a 2 1/2 week trip to France, Germany  Austria with our 2 children. We stayed 5 nights in Hotel le Tourville's Jr. Suite. We had a kingsize bed  2 single beds. The room had plenty of space for the 4 of us  our luggage. The A/C worked great  our bathroom was large  completely updated. We spent alot of time in the Rue Cler neighborhood at the cafes  shops near the hotel. This area is very charming. The metro stop is around the corner from the hotel so it is very convenient. The Eiffel Tower is a 5 minute walk.The staff at the hotel was very efficient  helpful when we had questions. We would stay in Hotel le Tourville the next time we visited Paris. It was a very good choice for our family.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice location but average hotel service We were really desappointed by the service and the quality of the hotel.Your review shows that it is a pleasant place but infact it is quiet small and the service given to us was not so exceptionnal.Breakfast was very expensive and untasty, poor orange juice and small pot of coffe, with bread and croissant, nothing else for 12.00 euros : a way too uch expansive.Decoration was nice and we like the view on a street with trees but there is non on the Eiffel tower as we were told . Metro stop was close to us and the amazing rue cler was few minutes away.We did enjoy our stay and lucky us the sun was out so we did not have to stay at the hotel for long time otherwise we will have ruinned part of our vacation. There is nothing to do there and room are too tiny to stay in.You can go to other places with same lack service for much cheaper  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly, comfortable, well-situated hotel       Standard room, 3rd floor - Soothing colors, high ceiling  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dante
<Content>nice but small The hotel is clean, the staff are very polite, and the location is great... but unless you go for a suite be prepared to trip over the furniture and your bags as you try to move about your room. We upgraded to a suite as our double room was too small to be enjovyable. The suite was better but costs much more, worth it we felt after two nights of bumping into the walls and crawling over the bed. Breakfast is not worth the cost, nor is it very good. Maybe served in your room while you nurse a massive hang-over, otherwise get out and enjoy some wonderful pastries at shops around the corner.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yes, but... Just returned to the USA after a week at the Tourville. On the plus side, the room was clean, the bed very comfortable, the tub was deep with plenty of hot water, the hotel was cozy, the staff was friendly, and the location was excellent.However, I paid for and confirmed a room with a view of the avenue, but no one mentioned that the view was blocked by scaffolding and netting, since the facade is being renovated (but, after all, it is a competitive business). If you need to iron, they will set the iron and board up in the breakfast room for you to use. You will find this a bit inconvenient, and if you attempt to iron everything for the coming week, it's going to get a little warm in that space. The rooms are small, and there is only a single chifforobe to hang and fold clothes. There is no coffee pot and the continental breakfast provided is currently 12 euros per person.In short, I very much liked the staff and the location, but this is a three-star accomodation, at best.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!! I stayed I Le Tourville last April with my wife for our Hooney moon and that was just wonderfull! We stayed there for one week end every single day was great..The rooms are very nice and very clean, we felt like home! The breakfast is fresh and croissants so French!The staff is wonderfull and so helpfull. We asked them so many things, Peggy, David and Charlotte are very sweet and make you feel like home. It is very rare that staff talk to you very easally and are close to their guests, we really appreciate! The area is fantastic..not too busy and walking distance from everything, you are located is the earth of Paris!I trully recomand this fantastic cute hotel ...and I already told all my friends and partners!Ben and Megan,New York, NY  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not for everyone This hotel has plusses and minuses. If you're looking for a hotel with clean, functional rooms that's close to monuments and the metro, this hotel will fit the bill. The pictures on their website represent the rooms well. The rooms are decent-sized (we stayed in one of the junior suites) with most things covered in white linen. The bed and furniture isn't the greatest quality but does the job (think pier 1). Napolean's tomb is a two minute walk, the rodin museum is a five minute walk, and the eiffel tower is a 10 minute walk. The metro is just around the corner. There are a handful of cafe's and boulangeries in the neighborhood. The staff is helpful and efficient. I think you can do better, though, if you're looking for a hotel in a charming neighborhood where you can walk out, see a lot of parisians, and be among the best food and shopping in the world. The area around the hotel seems to be comprised mostly of monuments and government offices. It essentially shuts down in the evening. There are very few people out and nearly everything is closed after eight or nine o'clock pm. The rooms, although clean, lacked charm. To me, the white linen covering everything gave the room a sterile, hospital-like feel. We moved after a few days to a different hotel in a different neighborhood and were much happier.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too expensive and workers above the windows we stayed there 4 nights last week. room was clean but very tiny for the price we payed. Breakfast was too expansive as well for what it served, you can go just next door for the same at half price !The worst it they are refurbishing the facade and workers look onto our room early morning (the curtains does not closed properly) which we did not enjoyed at all. we asked to change room but nothing was availableLobby is fine and reception staff polite but I am sure we can find better value on our next trip.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dkhadley
<Content>Just loved this hotel! What an excellent choice!       Hotel Le Tourville, Room #42  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Foxy2
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel There were three of us (women) traveling together, and since I chose the hotel, I was somewhat worried that there would not be enough room for our stuff, even though I was assured there was adequate sleeping accommodations. I need not have worried...we stayed in a junior suite on the top floor, and it was spacious - with enough room for us and everything we had brought with us! The bathroom is huge - a double sink and counter, a separate stall shower, plus a jacuzzi tub. There were skylights over the shower and toilet area, and it was awesome to be able to look out at the Paris rooftops while taking a shower! The jacuzzi was extremely welcome after spending the entire day walking all over Paris. The hotel is warm and lovely, with the most helpful desk staff ever. They made tour reservations, dinner reservations, helped us with mail, and any little request we had. The service level was extremely personal, due to the size of the hotel - and totally unexpected in a big city like Paris. Language was no problem, as everyone spoke perfect English. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, and really hope to be able to visit with them again!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NCTravMorrisville
<Content>Wonderful experience This hotel lived up to all of our expectations. We had a junior suite on the top floor(6th) for our family of 2 parents, 18-year old son, and 14-year old daughter; king bed, and 2 single beds. Room was very spacious, with large closet. Room was also very quiet. Bathroom was great! Large tub, double sinks, toilet, and separate enclosed shower. Lobby is small but attractive. Location of hotel is ideal for walking to sights or catching the Metro. Plenty of eateries close by. Breakfast room is small and quiet. My only negative is that the breakfast is probably overpriced. We ate there twice because of the convenience. The staff is very warm and accommodating, excellent at speaking English. They were also happy to speak French to our son who is studying in high school. Their restaurant recommendations were superb. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tripdenver
<Content>Ooh la la!! This is by far our favorite hotel in Paris. Just got back from a 4 night stay in February. The staff (Peggy, Charlotte and David) are extremely helpful! They made reservations for us, called cabs, had very good restaurant recommendations. Rooms are pretty and comfortable. It's very close to the Metro (less than 2 blocks). Paris hotels are expensive and this is at the high end of our budget but it was worth it. Breakfast is 12 euro - I thought pricey initially but you get quite a bit - yogurt in little glass jars, cereal, cheese, croissants, baguettes, pain au chocolate plus lots of good coffee - all presented beautifully in a gorgeous breakfast room. A perfect way to start your day. I recommend to go ahead and pamper yourself and stay at Le Tourville.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderfully french We stayed at this hotel for 5 days from 22 January 2005. We loved the hotel and thought it was good value for the price (170 euro per night).   Hotel is very small but very beautiful, clean and cosy. Positon is great - plenty of brasseries, bistro's and cafes very very close. A little grocery shop also nearby. A laundromat one minute around the corner. Metro station entrance one minute away (and metro so easy to use)plenty of sites within easy/pleasant walking distance (closest is eiffel tower) and everything else easily acessible by metro.  Staff were very friendly and helpful - the closest brasserie on the left as you walk out of the front door of hotel was our favorite and serves meals from breakfast through to supper. We ate there most days for at least one of our meals.  Remember you are in Paris - don't expect what you would get in America or other places and just enjoy the differences. We loved it!   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice rooms, great location We stayed here in Dec 2004 for 5 nights. The hotel had the room ready for us when we arrived at 7 am, even though we hadn't requested it. The room was nice, the staff were very helpful and friendly. The breakfast was expensive but good, and conveniant. Excellent location, close to the metros and major attractions.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good 3star hotel My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Tourville for 7 days in October. The location is wonderful. While some tourist locations are too far to walk the Metro is close by and easy to use. The staff is both helpful and courteous.The hotel is however not a true 4 star accomodation. The lobby is small, the breakfast menu limited ( no other meals available ), no bar to relax in after a hard day checking out the sites. There are many hotels in Paris and it is difficult to pick but my wife and I noticed the Hotel Luxembourg and Hotel La Perle. These seem to be true 4 star accomodations. Both are in the St Germain de Pres area.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheKellysLondon
<Content>A very nice Paris hotel My wife and I spent Sept 28 to Oct 4 in Paris and selected this hotel based on an old Wine Spectator article and this website. As this was my 1st time in Paris, and my wife's 1st time since college (late 70's) we can't really compare to other Paris hotels, however we can say Hotel le Tourville filled all of our needs during this trip. Location - we were able to walk to all main Paris attractions except Le Sacre Coeur and Le Bastille. The Eiffel Tower and L'Hotel des Invalides are right at the hotel. We also walked to the Arc-de-Triomphe, Champs Elysees, the Louvre, Notre Dame, the Latin Quarter, Saint Germaine, Musee D'Orsey, the Seine boat tour, Jardin du Luxembourg, Place du Pantheon, the government buildings, musee Rodin, and so on... Most mornings we had a 6 euro breakfast on Rue Cler around the corner. Most evenings we ate in local bistros, all of which were great, in particular Les Olivades.Accomodations - our room was small but clean and newly decorated. Our window opened to the street for fresh air. To repeat other reviews, no shower curtain and bring your own wash cloth - no big deal. The lobby was cozy and attractive and the staff were very pleasant and knowledgeabe. One thing I had never experienced before was giving the desk staff (Charlotte or Emmanuelle) our room key when we left the hotel and retrieving it from them when we returned. They said it was how they keep track of who's in and who isn't. (Is this a European thing?)Anyways, we highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PastorTravel
<Content>Anniversary in Paris We stayed for five nights at Hotel le Tourville in May of 2004. The weather was overcast and cooler than normal.....but nothing could spoil our time in Paris. We found our stay at Hotel le Tourville to be very pleasant. Our room was small (to be expected) but tastefully decorated and very clean. We were more than pleased with our accomodations and the staff was excellent. They were always available to make recommendations and reservations when needed. We also very much enjoyed our interaction with other guests (most from the States) in the comfortable and inviting lobby. While we didn't eat breakfast at the hotel, preferring other options, we did peak in several times and the breakfast looked very good.The most outstanding feature of this hotel is its location. Loved the neighborhood! We could get anywhere in Paris easily with the close access to the subway. And loved walking the neighborhood in the evenings. Every night we would stroll down to the Eiffel Tower and enjoy the lights and people. Of course, Rue Cler, a charming street filled with shops and street merchants, was just around the corner. Really.....you can't beat the location. We ate at several restaurants in the neighborhood, all of which were fine, but one restaurant recommended by the hotel was D'Chez Eux, right around the corner from the hotel at 2 av Lowendal, and it really stood out. The meal was outstanding (Southern French cuisine) and the staff made our evening memorable. We will most certainly visit Paris again and would most definitely make Hotel le Tourville our base of operations.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location My wife and I spent 2 weeks in Belgium and decided to include a weekend trip to Paris. After careful consideration, we chose the Hotel Tourville based on reviews from this site and recommendations from relatives that had stayed there previously. We could not have been happier with our decision! The Hotel was in a quiet neighborhood a few blocks away from the Eiffel Tower and one block away from a Metro station. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly - they assisted us with all of our questions, booked dinner and show reservations for us, and secured our luggage after check out so we could enjoy the remainder of our last day in Paris. The room was fairly small, which is typical in Europe, and had a balcony. It was very clean, the maid service was very prompt and the bathroom was very well done. Overall, we greatly enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>njpsufan
<Content>As Good As People Say After having a bad experience with reviews of another hotel, I decided to take a chance on people again.... and was I pleasently surprised. My wife and I spent 5 days in Paris and staying at the Tourville only made it better. Rooms were a tad small, but very clean. Hotel is in a great location on a quiet street, walking distance from most things you want to see. Best of all was the staff. Everyone was helpful and eager to make our stay the best it could possibly be. I would strongly recommend this hotel to any couple taking a trip to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a great place in a great neighborhood i can't say enough good things about this great hotel. the staff is excellent, the rooms are pastel and nice and if you get one on the main street it is very airy and bright. what also makes this a must stay is the location. with the eiffel tower in view and the military school and napoleons tomb across the streets the 7th is a great neighborhood. the best crepe stand is 3 blocks away and the absolute BEST restaurant (auberge d'chez eux) is around the corner--the front desk staff will make reservations for you. i have been to paris many times and the last 3 times i have stayed here, i look forward to the next.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our visit but would save some money and stay elsewhere next time. My 11 year old son and I stayed at the Hotel Tourville for 10 days in June 2004. We booked our room late (in May) after trying to get reservations at other hotels in the area that were priced lower (without success). Reviews on Tripadvisor are accurate--Hotel Tourville is in a nice, safe location with pleasant and helpful management. Our room had air conditioning and plenty of space. It was nicely decorated and yes, I loved the vase of long stemmed roses on the dresser but is it a 4 star hotel? We had several opportunities during our visit to see guest rooms at some of the 3 star hotels near by. These rooms were $100.00 a night less than ours and not that much smaller! We would have switched hotels but of course, these hotels did not have any vacancies during our visit to Paris. For our next trip, I will save some money, and probably stay elsewhere.....We left our room early every morning and returned near mid-night visiting all the wonderful museums and attractions in Paris. We had a fantastic trip to Paris....... we could have stayed 10 more days if we had stayed in a hotel that cost less!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>J'adore Le Tourville My girlfriend and I recently stayed at Le Tourville and absolutely loved it! We had a great room with a private terrace where we had breakfast in the mornings. Everybody was friendly and helpful and it is the perfect base - chic but not snobby.I shall not bother to try another hotel when I visit Paris in the future as this is just right.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alysiab
<Content>okay time iat Le tourville In brief.....was looking foward to our stay at le Tourville after reading many wonderful reviews on this site. Agree with everyone about Charlotte and Emmanuel. However.... a four star experience?rooms are just average, no safe, no minibar, small lobby, minimal air from the hair dryer.We found the location perfect, but there are many hotels of similar ambience within a 2-3 block area which would have been as good.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jdwilson
<Content>loved le tourville and charlotte just returned from a 15 day european vacation and spent the last 4 days in paris at the hotel le tourville. the location is perfect; metro stop, rue cler and grocery store right around the corner. had a beautiful room though small facing the tree lined street for 150 euro. the best part of the hotel is charlotte, the manager..she had a giant tub of ice delivered to our room every night..on the last day of our trip she was able to arrange a direct flight for us from paris to los angeles instead of the 3 stop return flight i had booked..what a relief..we look forward to our next return to the hotel le tourville and charlotte.....  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming  I was really sold on this hotel by other reviews on this site. I did love the hotel and the staff, but felt the room rates were a bit high for the room and service. The location is nice, but not especially convenient for sightseeing. It is a good hotel and I do recommend it, but I do think it is overpriced (We paid 220 euros/night for one of the rooms with a patio in Nov. 2003.)  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value My brother and I stayed at Hotel Le Tourville from March 20 till March 24, 2004.This hotel was nicely located in a quiet area away from the centre of Paris. It was within walking distance of the Eiffel Tower, with a supermarket around the corner, and many cafes and restaurants in the surrounding streets (all within walking distance).The front desk staff spoke English, and were very helpful. Charlotte, a young lady at the front desk, was fantastic, recommending places to see and telling us how to get there.Our twin share room was small, but clean and well kept. The room was beautifully decorated with pastel colours, giving it a very French feel. We even had the ability to adjust the temperature in the room.The breakfast (orange juice, croissant, French bread, cereal) was not included in the price of the room. At 12 Euros, it might have been a little expensive, but we found it very convenient.The only negatives were the absence of a minibar (which we would have used to store our bottled water), and shower curtain (bathroom floor kept getting wet).Overall, we found Hotel Le Tourville very comfortable and affordable, and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Choice! After a lot of research and deliberation we decided on Le Tourville for our trip to Paris in March 2004.We were not disappointed as the hotel lived up to our expectations based on the previous reviews.Although the room was small,the decor and cleanliness could not be faulted as neither could the service and friendliness of the staff.The location was excellent in an upmarket area close to all the major attractions.We would most certainly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Paris.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place!! We stayed at Le Hotel Tourville for four days in late February. We selected it based on the reviews in tripadvisor.com and we were not disappointed - it exceeded our expectations. Charlotte, on the front desk is great and went out of her way to help us get oriented. Take her recommendations on restaurants too - they were all excellent. The hotel is in a quiet area - but with easy access to the metro - one minute away - and a ten minute walk to the Eiffel Tower, nothing is too far away. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent option to stay We stayed just for one night in that lovely hotel. As we just came for the weekend, it was important for us to have a nice hotel close to the city centre. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms (superior), are small, but very cosy and clean. You can reach the Eiffel Tower in a 20 minutes walk, metro station in 2 min. The hotel helped us to make our short trip to be perfect!!! Only thing, better leave out the breakfast if you have to pay extra. In our rate it was included, but as others mentioned, it is nothing special.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming and Excellent Value We stayed a week at Le Tourville Hotel and really liked the hotel. For the price, it's hard to beat. They seemed to have made very good decisions on what to spend their money on. It's very tastefully decorated (the W meets French country), immaculately clean, and the location is great. It overlooks a quiet street, but is right near a metro stop and supermarket. It's funny. . .someone else wrote in about their great air system, but it's true, you do notice it-- you have your own digital thermostat in your room and the air is very fresh.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Msaly1
<Content>Definately stay here!   showReview(1535782, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place to Stay   showReview(1497681, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It made the Paris leg of our trip all we'd hoped for   showReview(1422033, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjrpaul
<Content>Great Hotel!!!!   showReview(1375752, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved this hotel!   showReview(1374234, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LizaSagHarbor
<Content>Very nice, some quirks   showReview(1368704, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Choice   showReview(1154874, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean neo-classic style   showReview(1118183, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a pleasure   showReview(1024552, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Edavis
<Content>A Knockout   showReview(977964, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel tr茅s bien situ茅, un...   showReview(18522117, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sylvia6
<Content>super !   showReview(12811818, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stanze molto molto piccole ma...   showReview(11426722, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nos encant贸 el hotel   showReview(5186397, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

