<Author>dtjan
<Content>swiss efficiency and good value Stayed at the Swissotel for a weekend. Great value for money especially in the winter. Hotel is located on the Kudam and has nice views from the rooms. Rooms are adequately appointed and have a modern design. Coffee maker is provided in the rooms which is a hallmark for Swissotel with great espresso. Beds are hard, no boxsprings which I prefer, but the sleep was ok. Parking garage is available. Free internet is provided. Restaurant is standard.Had a pleasant stay especially for the price.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ManilaPeasant
<Content>German Efficiency       Berlin  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Lucy_Jones
<Content>Very nice stay We liked the Swissotel and felt it was good value for money. The rooms were comfortable and well equipped, the food was excellent and the staff were friendly and helpful. Its obviously fairly new and is modern in styling. The glass lifts were quite cool although if you don't like heights they may not be so good!The location is excellent for shopping but it is quite a way from the main historical sights which are mostly the other side of Tiergarten. Having said that the hotel is near very good public transport links - we used both the buses and trains all weekend so this wasn't too much of a problem, just not what I expected. We'd definitely stay again if we went back to Berlin.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>suecumbria2
<Content>Excellent location Stayed three nights in Dec 08 to celebrate a birthday. Rooms spacious and exceptionally clean. Staff extremely friendly and helpful. Location very central,close to some excellent shopping as well as tourist attractions.Would definitely recommend to friends and family without hesitation.Will now look for other hotels in this hotel group when considering my next trip.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>iaru
<Content>Wonderful Experience Stayed here for 2 nights in early December. Trip was business and pleasure so took my wife  baby along. The hotel more than lived up to its recommendations, from check-in where the staff just couldn't be more helpful to the room, that was perfectly laid out with plenty of room for all of us including the baby pram and extremely comfortable.Baby package that the htel provided was really great (along with the crib came teddy bear, baby bath, nappies, baby towel, bath glove, bottle warmer, baby wipes, baby soap  shampoo, even down to the rubber ducky for the bath!!!Staff were always on hand with recommendations of places to see, shop, eat.We had an incredibly enjoyable first visit to Berlin, with this hotel being a great part of that!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Enjoys_Relaxing
<Content>Good location The last time I was in Berlin the Swissotel was still not in existence. However, the location is hard to beat. I took the airport X9 bus and got off at Zoologischer Garten station and walked two blocks South to Ku'Damm where the hotel is located. If shopping is a must, then the location of the hotel is prime. Since it is winter period, Christmas villages are set up throughout town. The air smells like sausages and pretzels, and the atmosphere very festive. There is a subway (U-bahn) stop outside of the hotel (make sure you validate your ticket before entering the subway train). You can jog through tiergarten is you so choose to, or just take the subway to former East Berlin to do more shopping and museum-walking. One note of caution, since it is so conveniently located, I counted 6 sirens and random screaming pedestrians in the middle of the night that kept me awake. There is also a Lavazza coffee machine for you to play with in your room. Buffet breakfast is plentiful. You can however, find cheaper accommodation across the street at the Kempinski Bristol which is also decent.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oldalfer
<Content>Perfect stay Booked the Swissotel after reading reviews on TripAdvisorand it really stood up to the expectations.The hotel's Location is Great.its located just on top of the the Underground station Ku-dam U-Bahn station , and 3 min's walk from the Zoo-station central rail station.it sits on the Ku-damn avenue,which is the shopping street of berlin.tons of fashion shops and other malls,restauraunts, bars and much more , all in your neighbourhood.The hotel itself and the room , is all very elegant , and very clean.in our room we had a nice large bed , both bath and shower (extremely clean and convenient)we had a Lavazza coffee machine in the room which we enjoyed and used daily.theres a digital safe , hair dryer , iron and ironing board , minibar fridge. , 3 phones so you can answer even if you're in bed or in the bathroom.there's also a workign desk with a comfortable chair , and another armchair with a coffee table by the window.the staff are freindly and helpfull.all was really well.its definetely more a buisness hotel than a vacation oneas you wont find a swimming pool , or spa , etc...but for a good place to sleep and relax in your room its great.I disliked the fact that although its a 5 start hotelwhich means prices are not cheap, (we paid $185 night without breakfast)Internet connection (wireless or wired) is an extra charge at around $16/day(they do provide free computer use with internet access at the lobby , but if you want to use your own laptop you have to pay)other than news channels, the TV only had german language channels, no BBC , SKY , STAR , or other english channels to enjoy, which could have been nice.breakfast , at $25 per person was ok... nothing special , and I cant say it worth the price, as breakfast outside would have cost a fraction of that and you could have actually have 2 full meals in a standard restauraunts for the same price.for safety reasons , the room hasnt got windows that you can fully open, and we could have used more air , and less hot environment.the room was cleaned well and linnen changed daily.complimentry fruit and cold water at the front desk.overall we enjoyed and recommen this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Willem_ter_Haar
<Content>I can understand why this is a high rated hotel on Tripadvisor       Kurfurstendamm, right under our noses  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>fickleWestMids
<Content>Good but not great. Nice hotel, although nothing special. Good value for money and very central which is a bonus. Let down by the fact it doesn't have a pool. You could do worse if you want a base for sight-seeing but you could do a lot better...Oh yeah, and if you're looking for the ironing board, it's hidden behind the mirror. What's that all about?  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	2	3	

<Author>Fitzy2
<Content>Great! Myself and my wife stayed here on a long-weekend. The location was great - right beside the main shopping district and a subway station close by. The hard rock cafe is about 5 mins walk as is the most famous Irish bar in Germany! The lobby is different - on the 3rd floor via a glass elevator. The staff were so friendly and helpful - this is not something that I regularly comment on but here they were great. The rooms were a nice size, clean, quiet, and the bathroom was very nice. The bed was slightly hard but my wife thought it was fine. Overall I would strongly recommend this hotel for a stay in Berlin, it certainly represents good value.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Leothescouser
<Content>Agree with all recent reviews - this is a great Hotel Just back from 3 nights in the Swissotel, Berlin. Can say much more than to agree with all the recent reviews - great staff, great location, great room = great Hotel.Can't praise it highly enough.....if you are going to Berlin - stay in the Swissotel  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spec08
<Content>Very enjoyable stay I stayed at the Swissotel Berlin for one night with my girlfriend. Overall I was really impressed with the hotel. Superb location - right at Ku'damm shopping street, very close to Zoologischer Garten railway station. Impressive interiors and lobby, very friendly and helpful staff. The room itself is also nicely presented, with a modern, trendy design. One of the highlights is the Lavazza coffee machine, which produces very good coffee! One disadvantage of this coffee machine however is that you are stuck with the selection of coffee and tea provided and there is no option to produce just hot water if you want to use your own tea or coffee. Another minor point is that in a hotel of this class I would have expected to see a flat screen TV, rather than a bulky CRT. The bathroom is also immaculately presented, with a bath tub and also a separate walk-in shower cabin. The bed is very comfortable, but as it seems to be common in Germany, it is made up of two mattresses on a wooden base. This gives quite an annoying gap in the middle, and this is probably the main reason why I don't give this hotel the top rating.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Martyn_Megan
<Content>Top Notch If you are staying in Berlin, stay here!!Helpful friendly staff, great location, great breakfast with lots of choice, free coffee machine and even a complimentary chocolate cake for my birthday. I have stayed in many hotels around the world and with the exception of the Bellagio in Vegas and the Ritz Carlton in Dubai I don't think I have stayed in any better.Some hopefully helpful tips for Berlin - - The hotel is about 45 min train journey from Schoenfeld Airport on the S Bahn line 9 to Zoogarten. You will need the ticket that covers zones ABC.  - Get to know the S Bahn and U Bahn lines as Berlin sprawls so its good to save the shoe leather. Fortunately the hotel is next to a U Bahn line and only 8 min walk from a major U and S Bahn station (Zoogarten). - The Reichstag always has long queues so go early or as we did go late (last entrance is 10pm, we went at 9pm) and in the evening the views and the Copula looks fantastic - For other things to do we found the Holocaust museum very moving, The Brandenburg Gate looks great lit up at night, the Checkpoint Charlie Museum is really interesting and there is lots of shopping to be had if that is your thing. Potsdamer Platz is great and we found loads to do there and the Sony Centre is great and energetic at night especially at the weekend. The Zoo is huge and really well laid out and quite relaxing. Generally there is lots to do in Berlin and as a city it surprised me at how enjoyable and laid back it is. - If food is your thing there is so much to be had including restaurant 44 at the hotel. We were spoilt for choice for food in Berlin, so much variety.  - Finally the Berlin Welcome Card is worth a look as it gives you free travel and discounts (normally 25%) at most of the major sites, tours and at some restaurants. We used it and it was worth the 24 euros for the 3 days per person. But most importantly - Swissotel, definately one to stay at again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>oldpapi
<Content>Excellent Hotel, well situated. I stayed for 4 nights in this hotel and can't recommend it highly enough. It is situated within a short walk of Zoo Bahnhof, near shopping and dining areas. The room was very spacious, comfortable and quiet. I found the duvet too heavy (being used to colder climates) and when I asked for a lighter one it was produced immediately. The service was friendly as well as efficient and a huge plus for the hotel is its Michelin Star restaurant, 44, where I had both lunch and dinner and is a place that should not be missed. Overall, a great experience.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BarneyGrimsby_UK
<Content>Great Hotel This is a modern hotel, right in the middle of things. It has excellent tranport links with the Zoo station only a 10 minute stroll away.Check in was quick and all the staff were polite, always ready to offer a smile.The decor is cool and understated. Our room was a reasonable size. It was very clean and modern, and decorated well, apart from a strange painting on the wall (just not to our tastes). The lavazza expresso machine was a nice touch.Breakfast service was very effiencient and there was lots of choice. Overall a very good hotel and next time we are in Berlin, this will be the hotel for us.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>popvoid
<Content>Beautiful hotel near the Zoo station       Bed  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>adventures4me
<Content>Wonderful Hospitality My husband and I have just returned from a trip to Berlin. We had the good fortune of staying for 3 nights at the Swissotel Berlin. The staff and services at the hotel were exceptional; the room was very comfortable, food was high quality, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. While on business I often stay at Fairmont hotels and thought they were good, but the Swissotel surpassed them (and that is not any criticism of Fairmont, it is just that Swissotel was that good). The staff did not make us feel at all awkward for only being able to speak English and went out of their way to welcome us. The business centre provided us with internet access to keep in touch with family at home, and look up other travel arrangements. The concierge and front desk were helpful with directions, bus and subway information and shopping tips (there is excellent shopping just around the corner from the hotel). Thank you Sandy at Swissotel!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Owskie
<Content>Fabulous Stay at the Swiss This hotel is as incredibly good as the majority of reviewers have already stated and is why I decided to stay at the swisshotel.It has funky youthfull decor, a super comfy bed,great view of the Ku'dam, great food and great service and is the fantastic treat that I was after. 5 star luxury and the price is so much more reasonable than that. I stayed for the first 2 nights of a 7 night stay and it was by far the best 2 nights. I couldn't afford to stay there for the entire week but if I could I wouldn't have moved from this brilliant hotel. Even the excellent Marriott which I got at a bargain price from priceline did not come close to this gem!Previous comments about quality of service are spot on and unfortunately something did go wrong in that the door came off its hinges as room service served me my food! But they put me in the executive lounge whilst they fixed it which they did in10 mins and were so apologetic and let me stay in the lounge as long as I liked. Admittedly the fact the door managed to come off its hinges is concerning and very out of character with the feel of the place but the way they dealt with it was exemplary. Who knows what they may have offered if I had made a fuss but they were too nice and I was happy to accept it as a freak accident.I highly recommend this fabulous hotel and can't wait to go back to brilliant Berlin and stay at the super Swisshotel for as long as I can afford!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gypsy71
<Content>Best Hotel In Berlin Well I felt compelled to write a review about the Swissotel in Berlin. I've stayed at many hotels through out Europe, and this is by far one of the best hotels I've ever been to. Their attention to detail was superb. We called from the train to ask them to place a crib in our room upon arrival. Not only did they place a crib in our room, but they also gave us a bath tub, towel for the baby, soaps, bottles, diapers, bottle warmer, blankets, toys, and potty chair. We were floored to see a hotel make so much effort to accommodate to our family. In addition to that the staff were exception in attending to all of our needs. The service of this hotel shines above any I've been to. Would definitely stay at this establishment again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michelle1986
<Content>Amazing Modern Art Hotel       coffe machine  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Walklates world wide whims
<Content>superb hotel in great location When we told people we were going on holiday to Berlin they gave us that funny look that usually means that a man in a white coat would be called in the next few moments.We spent six days here. It has to be one of the most fascinating cities on earth both because of its position, history and trauma. Not to be missed.The Hotel is well situated in the middle of Berlin with easy access to both the U-Bahn and the S-Bahn. The Hotel sits above C and A so if you have forgotten to bring your undies your can just pop downstairs.The rooms were spacious, very clean and well appointed. We opted to pay the supplement to look out over the street which was nice.The bed is quite firm. I would rate it somewhere between concrete and diamond whereas the pillows were really soft. The coffee machine is great if you like coffee. Tea drinking was not so easy.All services worked well, reception good and concierge efficient.We didnt eat in the Hotel. We thought 21 euro too expensive so ate in the Kanzler accross the road which had both excellent food and excellent value at about 7 euro. Equally, the area is peppered with wonderful restaurants at reasonable prices.In terms of places to go. I was moved by the Checkpoint Charlie Museum and found the Berlin Story very good. Museums abound in Berlin but they tend to be very well presented but still dry.Overall an excellent Holiday in a fascinating city.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>christel
<Content>Great service and friendly staff Hotel is very welcoming and has everything the traveller could want including a mini bar with room for your own stuff and lovely Lavazza coffee machine. Comfy bed and turn down service brings fluffy robes and Swiss chocolate (of course) plus clean towels if you need them after pm sightseeing shower like we did. Well placed for shops on Ku-damm or getting a bus to anywhere in the city. Boat trips are well worth it to see all the reconstruction and that still to be done. Breakfast was lovely lots of fresh fruit and all the usual delights but I was glad it was part of the deal as I would have baulked at 21 鈧?each. Their restaurant 44 is currently being refurbished but there is a great place across the street called Vapiano which does pasta, salad and pizza to order in elegant surroundings as a self service at great prices. I understands this is a franchise and hear it has recently opened in London to mixed responses. No room for the pannacotta sadly.Next time I will ask for a room which is not on the outside as despite good glazing and effective aircon; an idiot woke us at 4 am one morning shouting the odds in the street.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travel-world-mom
<Content>Great hotel! 5-star! We booked the room through a conference at $120 a night--amazing value. The hotel is great--nice location, great service, big nice room, spotlessly clean, nice bathroom, nice breakfast, very friendly service. In a word, anything you desire from a hotel, it has it.But there is one defect. No free wireless. There are two ancient computers behind Concierge's desk for free internet, but there were always people using it. Would definitely recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ziggyboston
<Content>luxury at the Swissotel We have just returned from a four night stay at the luxurious Swissotel. The hotel is in a great location and very convienient for public transport. All of the staff at the hotel were always very friendly and keen to help wherever they could. The room was clean and nicely decked out and the coffee m/c was a quality touch. The breakfast (included in the rate) was excellent. The zoo which is one of the best stocked in the world is within walking distance of the hotel and there are many shops close by. The open-top sightseeing tour buses depart from the corner of Ku'damm where you can hop on and hop off at various sights around Berlin, this gives you a really good introduction to the city and very reasonably priced too. You can also if you choose visit most of the main sights using the guided boat tours, although the nearest pick up point is some 15 minutes walk from the hotel.There is a very good pasta and pizza restaurant opposite the hotel called Vapiano which is also very good value. Altogether, we felt this hotel was very good value for money and ideally located for most of the main sights.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bailestil
<Content>great stay at Swisotel We stayed for five days at the end of June for a second time a really wonderful hotel.The staff very friendly and ever so helpful.The Zoo Station about five minutes away and the transport system in Berlin is just fantastic. A great location on the Kudamn and the main sites like the Reichstag and the Berlin Wall are a short train or bus journey away. I hope to go back a third time and i just would not go anywhere else. A special thanks to all the front office staff especially Kai .Great soundproofing when I was there Germany won the semi final of the Euro Championship and there were crowds celebrating in the street outside but when I returned to the hotel I could not hear any noise from the partygoers outside.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dglambeth
<Content>Ku'damm Class We wanted somewhere handy for the Christopher Street Day Parade in the centre of town and also handy for seeing friends in Schoeneberg and Kreuzberg. The Swissotel was perfect. Ideal location and extremely comfortable accommodation. Competent and cheerful staff. Ate a surprise menu in the dining room one evening and that too was a treat.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Asterope
<Content>Nice hotel, would stay again We stayed for three nights in June. Our room was on the 5th floor and faced out on to Ausbergerstrasse. It was spacious and had a wall of windows, so it had plentiful natural light. As expected, Swissotel uses quality linens and toiletries. The mattress was comfortable, but a little firm. Breakfast (included with our room rate) was very good. You can order omelettes from your server, if you do not want the buffet-style scrambled eggs.As for location, it's a nice property right on one of the major intersections of the Ku'damm. It's a short walk to the Zoo station (for public transport). There are shops and restaurants adjacent to the hotel, but we tended to eat away from the Ku'damm. We especially enjoyed Mr. Hai and Friends at Savigny Platz (again a short walk from the hotel). Overall, we had a pleasant stay, the staff was great, and we would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Vraiebrune
<Content>Absolutely delicious!       Huge bed  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mmurray17
<Content>The Wonderful Swissotel The Swissotel is right on the Ku'Dam as advertised. A great location in the centre of Berlin. It is within walking distance to one of the main railway stations (Bahnhof Zoologischer Garten) from here you can access many train lines and buses.We had a room on the 7th floor so it was quiet and had a great view of the Ku'Dam. Other rooms looking into the atrium of the hotel are cheaper. The room was fairly big and very clean, with a shower and separate bath. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel but it is quite expensive, especially as there are so may good places to eat on the door step (Italian - Vapiano, American - Hard Rock Cafe etc.)Free internet access is located behind the consierge desk in the lobby (2 PC's).There are 2 bar areas, both are really pleasant to sit in. Prices are reasonable for a hotel of this class.There is a nice pub across the road from the hotel where you can sit inside or out, this will undoubtedly become your local!Overall a great experience and I would recommend this hotel.The transport system in Berlin can be difficult at times but you do get better at it in time!!Places to visit: (a) Sachsenhausen concentration camp just outside Berlin, you will not be disappointed. (b) The Parliament Buiding, Reichstag. (c) The Brandenburger Tor  Pariser Platz. (d) The Sony Centre. (e) Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gedachtnis-Kirche.Be ready to walk alot, Berlin is pretty spread out!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rylo
<Content>Great architecture and design, very professional staff Swissotel hotels may be quite different from one place to another. We once experienced the Amsterdam one and had a very bad opinion of the chain (waken up by mystake quite early in the morning to get us check out quickly). The Berlin experience was way much better and started with a tour of the premises with a reception clerk wich is quite unusual. We were there for new years' eve and had a very good room service diner on the 31st ! When we arrived, we also had lunch at the restaurant wich is affordable (more expensive for diner) and enjoyed a very fine cuisine. The room design conveys a feeling of modern luxury and peacefulness.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>caristocrat
<Content>Great Stay Just stayed at the Swissotel for a week on vacation in Berlin. Firstly, we were upgraded for no apparent reason to a massive junior suite, which was fantastic, especially for such a long stay. The hotel is immaculately clean, contemporary and modern, and very centrally located right off the ku'damm. Staff was extremely helpful and friendly. My only complaint, and it is significant, is that the bed is really not very comfortable. Especially after having slept on a Westin heavenly bed in Paris before coming to Berlin, I was a bit disappointed to find the bed very stiff and unforgiving. It wasn't terrible, just not up to snuff with everything else, which was excellent. Charlottenburg isn't as rich with museums, cultural sites etc as Mitte, but it's a nice neighborhood. The hotel can feel corporate, but the tradeoff on professionalism and cleanliness is more than worth it. Highly recommend renting bikes (location right around the corner from the hotel) and tooling around the city. It's large and flat and designed for biking. Go through the Tiergarten, go up to the dome of the Reichstag, check out the Brandenburg Gate, around the Humboldt University area, and back along the spree. Stop for a couple beers a the river cafe across from the Hauptbahnhof and soak it all in. Wish I were back!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jetdriver21
<Content>Style and Class I stayed at this hotel one night for business because of a recomendation from an associate. It is very centrally located, besides - the public transportation is very easy in Berlin anyway (trains and u-bahns). Not at all pretentious on the outside, but well received by some smartly dressed bellhops who whisked my bag promptly up to my room while I checked in. Decor in the hotel is very modern and neatly in its place. The front desk people were super helpful and I guess were having a good day, because they acted quite enthusiasticly behind thier counter as they worked. My room was a single and cost 150 Euro. It would have been 130 if you dont want the breakfast. So the term 'breakfast included' is a little misleading - you pay extra for it. The room was also very modern, with lots of glass and low furnature, but had a warm vibe due to the earthy tones and very roomy feeling due to the low furnature. Bath room was great - adorned with granite and glass - maybe on the small side, but for a single guy it had more than enough room. My personal favourite addition was the personal Lavazza expresso machines in each room. What better of a way to start and end your day than with a frothy fresh Lavazza expresso!The breakfast was supirior to all I have had in Europe and the US. Second to non with the vast selections of the buffet, plus made to order omletts if you want. All of this topped off with thier signature service. No sooner had I sat down - I had a coffee in front of me and silverwear to start my meal.My stay was short, but one of the top experiences with a hotel while on the road. Thanks Swissotel!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>doc_M
<Content>Modern German Chic, at a price I stayed at this hotel for three nights, for a conference. On the day I arrived, Germany was playing in the finals of the Euro2008 football competition - so the streets were full of noisy fans. The hotel arranged for me to have an inside-facing room, to avoid the noise: full marks for customer service!The whole place is very stylish and efficient; clean and well-maintained. The reception staff were exceptionally helpful (in English or German!). As a business hotel, it would be hard to beat: the location is also great for West Berlin, and there's a U-bahn station right outside if you want to travel around the city. The bedrooms was well-appointed, and comfortable, with a fairly firm bed. The espresso coffee machine was a nice touch. The gym facilities are a little basic - some cardio machines, but almost nothing for resistance. The sauna, however, was very fine (do remember to take a euro coin for the locker).Breakfast was pretty good, with a wide variety including big jugs of freshly-squeezed juice. The conference meals were in private dining places in the hotel, and were also superb. All this comes at a price:the conference rate was EUR 150, including breakfast. Some people said you can get a better price than that on the web: even so, it's certainly not cheap! The only other downside was that, with all the conference delegates wanting to be fed half an hour before the conference started, there was sometimes a queue for breakfast. That smacks of bad planning.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>travelxyz
<Content>good value for money The Swissotel in Berlin is not as luxurious as for example the one in Istanbul or Ankara which, having stayed at those, one might find slightly disappointing at arrival. It is modern and very much a business-Hotel. So, when wanting a plush place with a luxurious charme you should not stay here.However, the staff is so friendly and helpful that one feels really welcome and good about the place. Breakfast is extremely good and a plus is the underground parking. The rooms are very spacious and the bathrooms well equipped. If you prefer to stay in the old western part of town, this Hotel can be recommended for sure, especially when comparing the prices for Hotels in this category.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	4	

<Author>ixion
<Content>Best Hotel in Berlin I have stayed here three times, it is an awesome hotel. I recommend getting a quiet courtyard facing room, the rooms facing the street can be noisy because it is on a major intersection in Berlin. The service is great. The rooms have a cappuccino machine! The hotel is central, but a bit far from the older east-Berlin tourist area, but it is very close to subway and train stations. I have also stayed at the Westin (old rooms) and the Grand Hyatt (great hotel) and Crown Plaza (average). Pro: - nice modern rooms- cappuccino machine in the room- fast internet access - quiet rooms (if facing courtyard) - near major train and subway stations - excellent breakfast Con: - you have to take two elevators to get to your room, one to get to the lobby and another to get to your room - noisy rooms (if facing the street) Tip: - visit the Tacheles, it is awesome, and don鈥檛 be afraid to enter this old building, it is very safe: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kunsthaus_Tacheles  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>danielkegel
<Content>Nice hotel, but with minor setbacks We stayed at the Swissotel Berlin for 7 nights in May. We booked a Junior Suite but after booking the hotel changed the names around to comply with the rooms of other Swissotel properties. The Junior Suite no longer exists and is now called Grand Room. The location is excellent, right on the Ku-damm with shops, restaurants and public transport literally around the corner.Anyway, our room was on the lowest floor on the corner of the building. Normally this causes a lot of traffic noise but because the lower floors are occupied by CA, you hardly notice it as long as you don't open the windows. The room itself was very spacious, but the bathroom - especially the shower - could have been bigger. That bed gave us a lot of problems. At home we are used to an excellent bed made by H盲stens, and since we have it we tend to struggle in hotels. The bed in the Swissotel was really hard and didn't give any support. Also the pillows were useless. If you are used to sleeping on a firm bed, you will have no problems but we woke up tired and with back pain every day.The room has enough amenities: safe, minibar, desk (even with a small ruler, pencilsharpner etc.!), ironing board etc. Minor annoyance: the TV is slow and only a 21 inch CRT-TV, and also quite far from the bed.We could'nt help but notice that the rooms are in need of some minor renewals. Although the room was very clean, the carpet was worn, the towel and bathrobes old and once we noticed tears in the sheets. The lobby, elevators, bars, restaurant etc. all look brand new, but the things that are used intensively are nearing the end of their life cycle.The restaurant (44) is good, although since it has a Michelin star, not a bargain. We payed about 250 euro's for the 5-course 'Degustation', drinks and wine. On other nights we just went out and paid about 1/5th of that. We can recommend taking the short walk to the Savignyplatz, it has lots of nice restaurants.Breakfast was excellent in quality and choice, only when it's busy the items (like pancakes, waffles) that are on the menu can take a lot of time to be served. We were very pleased with the staff, they were very friendly, helpfull and their English was excellent.Overall, we would come back if the beds were more comfortable.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>happyHongKong
<Content>Mixed       bathroom  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	5	2	3	

<Author>cheshirepen
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed for 2 nights early May 2008 mid week. The hotel lives up to its rating as the number 2 in Berlin. We had a Ku'damm view room which was excellent except for the bed which we found quite uncomfortable. We ate in the hotel's 44 restaurant the first night and this was excellent if pricey - well it has a Michelin Star. The hotel staff could not do enough for you. Breakfast was excellent. The hotel location is good being just round the corner from the hop on hop off bus tours and within easy reach of most of the main Berlin sights. Would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay right in the heart of this vibrant city.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>walkingredrose
<Content>Loved Berlin Just returned from a 3 night stay at this modern hotel.The hotel is above C  A, so the three lifts are central to moving around the hotel, as there are no stairs at all. This is not a problem as the glass lifts are a feature of the hotel and are very fast and silent.The staff are excellent, helpful and pleasant and nothing appears to be too much trouble, . Breakfast, ours was included in the price, is very good, with a great selection to suit all nationalities. The staff are constantly 'topping up' the food ensuring nothing 'runs out'. (which is not always the case in some hotels.)The only real negative was the bar, which was very tiny and stark and also expensive, with two glasses of wine costing 20 euros!But there are lots of restaurants and bars close by, so it's more fun to get out and about and visit those.Berlin is great with loads to see and do, but 3 nights isn't really enough, 4 would have been ideal for us, to enable us to spend a little more time at the sights.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brude
<Content>A worthy TripAdvisor Winner Just back from a 5 night package booked with Expedia. Flew to Tegel airport and took the X9 bus for just over 2 euro to the Zoologischer Station. 25 minute ride in and then only a few hundred metres walk to the hotel. Area is terrific, lots of restaurants and shops but with easy access to all parts of the city and beyond. Hotel was excellent, sparkling interior and really pleasant staff throughout. You do have to use 2 lifts to access your room from street level but this adds to the secure feeling. Room was spotless with the best bathroom I have ever had, gleaming tiles and porcelain with separate shower even though I had a normal room. Bed was really comfortable and the air conditioning kept the room at the temperature we like. The whole hotel seems brand new and that is how they appear keen to keep it. Did not eat in the hotel due to the usual Expedia 'Without Breakfast' arrangement (May discard them because of this) but there are many little pavement bar/restaurants who will provide you with a lovely breakfast and other meals for a very reasonable cost. Also appreciated the ease of access from this hotel due to its proximity to the Zoologischer Station. For around 16 euro I was able to travel all around the city and as far away as Potsdam for a 48 hours period on any train or bus, a brilliant deal. Intended to use my ticket for the return trip to Tegel but a bus strike put paid to that. Taxi from the Zoo to Airport was 15 euro, again, very reasonable. Berlin is a fantastic city and now one of my favourites. I shall return again soon and without doubt use the Swissotel.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mattrLondon
<Content>Good hotel We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in March 2008. The hotel is well located, with a subway station close by, and not too far from the centre of Berlin. The reception area of the hotel is very nice and the check in staff were helpful and polite. The rooms are a good size, well appointed and very clean. The bed was comfortable and the standard room included all the things you would expect from a hotel of this type. The standard bathroom includes a shower and separate good sized bath. We ate 2 meals in the hotel restaurant and both were very good and reasonably priced (although generally Berlin is a relatively cheap European city). Overall I thought that the standard was very good for the price and I would definitely return to this hotel next time I am in Berlin.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>orangeIreland
<Content>Good Location We spent 3 nights in the East side of city, and moved to the Swissotel for four nights.We came to the western side,to do some shopping. and to see the sights.Overall I was disappointed with the hotel, nothing spectaular,The foyer I just did not like, you have to take the lift to checkin from the foyer, Nothing luxurious or grand about the hotel.Having said that, the location is Great for Shopping, the staff are very nice, and the rooms are Clean, Breakfast is Good. If its location your after, this hotel is right in the centre of western Berlin.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	5	3	-1	4	

<Author>xlguide_dk
<Content>Also excellent for children EXCELLENT HOTEL - EXCELLENT SERVICE - ALL 5 stars well deserved.Booked this hotel 3 nights for easter get-away through Expedia. Found a good rate, and decided what the hexx. Booked it 22.30 the day before our arrival. 5hr drive later next morning we (wife and 2 year old daughter) arrived at SWISSOTEL. Location can't be beat on the KU'DAM.We parked in the hotel parking lot. Fee approx. 15EUR pr. 24hrs.... Be aware that Swissotel is inside a new umweltzone, (more info: http://www.umwelt-plakette.de/englis_informations.php?SID=k6qc66c17h9ktt9vou4ejonru5) which means you should get a special sticker for your car in order to enter the center of Berlin. As we planned this trip the day before we weren't able to acquire it. But we didn't park in the street and was never checked...if you get caught without the sticker it is 40 EUR. But park in the garage and take the BUS no 100 or 200 which stops across the hotel on the other side of church ruin. It stops by most major sites (Reichstag, Brandenburger Tor, Friedrichstrasse) and only costs 1/10 of the tourist buses.When we got to the reception we were met by extremely friendly receptionists. No qeue and plenty of staff...we checked in and the staff apologized for not having a special KIDS suite available. But I never wrote it in the order so how could they know, but still they seemed genously sorry. I was sure the ordered room would be fine. They gave our daughter a coloring book with crayons and cassette with a story on it and said they would bring up a surprise for her. The surprise never came (think it was sweets for her) but she never missed it as she was busy coloring. Anyway the caring staff made us feel really welcome.Room was excellent. Modern furnishing, nice bedding...Bellhob brought up our luggage and showed us the lavazzomachine with complimentary espresso. DELICIOUS!!!Everything about this hotel was excellent. The only thing I can think of that could be better, is the access to the hotel from the garage. There is stairs and en elevator but finding was easy at arrival. Ended walking up the car ramp with the luggage.All in all, will come back and have recommended this hotel to everyone we talked to.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rosneath
<Content>Must Be One Of The Best In Berlin ! We stayed here for a 4 night stay on a bed/ breakfast basis.We were given a very pleasant , quiet ( the rooms face in to an inner atrium ) room on the 10th floor , and the receptionist came to the room with us to show us all the features in the room ( eg lavazza coffee machine )The hotel is very well positioned for the Ku'damm and central Berlin , and has good parking below.The staff are all well motivated and extremely obliging - we asked for an extra chair - it was there on our return !The breakfast is excellent - a wide choice , and a super dining room .It was my wife's birthday when we were there. The hotel picked up on this fact by flowers that were delivered to her - the hotel then sent a beautiful cake with plates , napkins etc - a very nice gesture.We payed 鈧?19 for a good twin bed room with bath and shower for 4 nights b/b for 2 persons - a very fair price for a 5* hotel in a capital city.Altogether a great place to stay !  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fi65
<Content>Fantastic hotel We choose to stay at the Swissotel after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor  were not disappointed!The hotel is in a great location, on a small street just yards from the Ku'damm, only 5 minutes walk from the KaDeWe  its fantastic Wintergarten food court, close to the Tiergarten  the zoo.We walked in off the street  were offered a room with breakfast for 150euros, which beat any internet 'deal'. It was my husband's birthday,  so the reception staff then upgraded our room to a larger one with views over the Ku'damm, complete with a birthday card  chocolates!The room was fantastic - impeccably clean, quiet, complete with coffee machine. Staff were very polite, friendly  helpful without exception. We didn't eat in the restaurant at night, but had a late night drink in the bar, where there was a nice atmosphere. The choice at breakfast next morning was delicious  extensive.Overall, I was thoroughly impressed  wouldn't hesitate to return, and would definitely recommend the hotel to others.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaximillianAmsterdam
<Content>Loved the Swissotel Let me start by telling you that the high position on Tripadvisor's top 100 Europe list is more than deserved.The staff is very very polite and friendly; great knowledge about the city and things to do.The rooms are large and very well equipt! Please go for the rooms with Kurfurstendamm view! Absolutely worth the little extra money! Large windows with breathtaking views.......The rooms are equipt with a large desk and two very comfy sofa's, bed is very soft and sleeps wonderfulll. Bathroom offers a separate shower and batthub.Roomservice is quick and the food delicious; this combined with very reasonable pricing!Overall; One of Berlin's best places to stay!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonFuzzyface
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We stayed at this hotel for three nights over Easter weekend and thought it was the most fantastic place. The customer service here is second to none and they couldn't have been more helpful in every way. Right by the metro and train station and in a good part of town.This hotel was really good value for money considering everything you got, free internet in the rooms and the two computers downstairs, an absolutely fantasic huge buffet breakfast and a great view from the room. We couldn't recommend this hotel enough and will definately be staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lucyville
<Content>A great modern and friendly hotel We stayed at the Swissotel in Berlin for 2 night in March 2008 and were really impressed by this hotel. Having never been to Berlin before it was really easy to find using public transport (near the Berlin Zoo train and underground station) and is in a great location for one of the main shopping areas. The hotel is very modern, clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was lovely and breakfast was amazing. A great hotel.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Francescini
<Content>WOW = perfect stay This lives up to all the reviews and was a great stay, lovely hotel, excellent VFM. I suggest it gives a very good quiet night sleep, is modern, clean and all you could want for business class without busting the budget.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sfdiva22
<Content>Rockstar Service at a Reasonable Price       Room  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dfenz
<Content>Excellent value for money in a great location My wife and I stayed at the Swissotel Berlin for 6 nights in December. It was a pre-Christmas shopping/ markets trip so the location of the hotel adjacent to the main shopping street and Christmas markets was particularly welcome. In addition to Kadewe there is another big department store nextdoor and CA is actually under the hotel. For some reason there were also a lot of hobby shops nearby that sold model railways, toys and in one case Lego (at excellent prices). There were plenty of restaurants and bars within walking distance including an Irish bar where football fans can catch up on the soccer fixtures (on RTE- Irish television channel.The staff were excellent and we were particularly impressed by the fact that the receptionist on our arrival walked us to the lift and explained the hotel facilities to us - a nice touch. All room floors are accessible using the room key to activate the main lift. There is a quirky thing about this hotel in that the entrance foyer off a side street looks like its set in a bunker which relieved guests must then rise above using the ground level lifts to get to the nice lobby. In fact this is because at ground level the hotel is behind the CA store. The taxi rank right outside the hotel is also helpful.The rooms were very nice although my wife didn't like the bedding at all. We didn't get breakfast in the hotel but we frequented the bar on a couple of nights and found the atmosphere very relaxing with the numerous bar staff being particularly friendly. The hotel is a distance from the former East German sector but the Zoo train station is nearby and we discovered (unfortunately on the last day) that trains regularly go from there to the Alexanderplatz station, beside which there is a lovely new shopping mall.As regards sightseeing we did the usual Berlin things like visiting checkpoint charlie and the Christmas markets. The Lego discovery centre at Potsdamer Platz was very disappointing. Fortunately our annual passes got us in for free. Don't expect a large selection from the subterranean Lego shop. There are far better selections and prices at the main department stores.Perhaps the best thing about this hotel was the price. For a hotel of this rating surprisingly good value was had by booking online months in advance.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BaltimoreFrancophile
<Content>Wonderful hotel Had a wonderful stay here in September and can't say enough good things about my experience. The decor is clean and modern, the room was very nicely appointed appointed (the bedding was SO comfy and there was a Lavazza espresso maker in the room, which made caf茅 quality coffee) and the staff were attentive, polished and very helpful. And the location can't be beat. I got a really good deal via expedia, which made it all the better!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Matt-7
<Content>Good location and friendly staff! I spent a long weekend at the hotel as a tourist and couldn't fault really but it was not spectacular - just a nice clean hotel On the plus side they upgraded us to a junior suite so we had a good corner room view. The concierge and staff were also very friendly and helpful. The location is great. Easy access to most things although if you want the historical bits, you may want to stay as close to the Reichstag or Potsdamer Platz as possible.On the not so perfect side, the gym and sauna were very very small and I'm not quite sure of the point of having them, the cleaning staff did not put water in the coffee machine (that needs a key) so we had to call down in the morning and the curtains did not / can not close properly so it was very light in the morning. Only slight niggles but probably the reason I have only given it a 4 and not a 5. It also does not have the luxury feel of a 5* hotel. It's luxurious but has no wow factor for a romantic weekend.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NewsboyBelfast
<Content>Great Hotel I visited Berlin for a long weekend in April and stayed at Swisshotel. I thought the hotel was good value and could not really fault it. The room was of a good size and had everything that i needed including an iron and board which you do not often get in hotel rooms, much to my annoyance. Breakfast was very good with a great selection and the bar in the hotel was good but quiet which suited me fine. The restaurant was very good and had an excellent wine list and was very busy. Although the hotel was almost full to capacity at the time I stayed it never seemed crowded and was very quiet and calm in the lobby areas. The staff were very good and professional. I found the location to be fine but if you are intending visiting East Berlin where alot of the tourist atttractions are a hotel in Mitte might be better but In saying that the underground system is great so getting around the city is easy.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GeoDevon
<Content>Recommended Have stayed in this hotel 3 times. It is in an excellent location and provides great value for money. Staff are excellent, the rooms are quiet and modern.The breakfast is fantastic. I thoroughly recommend this hotel for style, service and location.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DrTwitch
<Content>Great experience I was in town for the Marathon and, even though the hotel was busy as a result, the service was excellent and the place didn't ever seem overcrowded. The room was excellent with floor to ceiling windows providing a view of the Ku'damm and the food was just the job (I particularly appreciated the pasta meal and the early breakfast provided to any runners!). I doubt you would get as much for your money at any of the more well renowned luxury hotel chains.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NoTentsHere
<Content>Definitely recommended We stayed here for 4 nights after Christmas. The location of the hotel was superb, being right around the corner from Ku'damm and close to plenty of shops and restaurants. The room was more than comfortable and a lot bigger than plenty of hotel rooms in Europe. A U-Bahn station is right nearby allowing easy access to the rest of the city, although we found it quite easy to walk to a lot of places. The only downside was there was quite a bit of noise at night with sirens from the Ku'damm, even though our room did not face onto it. As others have mentioned, there was smoking in the lobby but that should not be a problem anymore with the smoking ban taking effect 1 Jan.Would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stafbulp
<Content>Great Location       View from our hotel room  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Eduardo-7
<Content>Excellent!! Nice staff, perfect room, extraordinary breakfast. The location is not perfect, but has many U-Bahn and Metrobus stations nearby, and is located in the commercial area of former West Berlin, 500m away from KaDeWe. I recommend it sincerely.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ally1374
<Content>Great location for KaDeWe! Did all the research on tripadvisor and as always was pointed in the right direction.Great location, about an hour from the airport on the train to the Zoogarten. Fare is only E2 per person.Did the Unsicht-bar in East Berlin, highly recommedned, very humbling, very strange. KaDeWe department store was fab as was the foodhall on the top floor. Much better than Harrods and onlu 5 minutes walk from hotel.Service was exceptional and the rooms and bathroom comfortable, but drinks were very pricey. We ate at the Vipiano pasta chain across the road. Excellent concept and good value  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HT1
<Content>Pros and Cons - good overall Spent three nights here straight after Christmas. Choose the hotel following the good reviews on tripadvisor and also for the great rate I got on the Swissotel website. Would still have preferred the No 1 choice - Ritz Carlton but was much more expensive! Pros - very nice new hotel in the heart of main shopping street. Easy access from airport and also the underground train system. Great shops nearby and tour bus available around the corner. Room modern and had all the elements expected from a hotel of this category. Breakfast excellent. Cons - maybe it was becuase I come from a country with a smoking ban indoors, but I did not like the smell of smoke in the lobby area. The fittness centre is small. Location - while it was in the tick of the shopping area - it was a little away from the historical sites. A 30 minute walk gets you to Postdamer Platz and I think this is the best location in the city to stay. Most of the cities best restaurants were here so we found ourselves heading there alot. Postdamer Platz is also an easy walk to the main tourist sites. Would probably choose the Swissotel again for the good rate available on the hotel website.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>partyqueen
<Content>Excellent Hotel we have just returned from a 2 night stay after visiting for the Christmas Markets. The check in was excellent, the rooms were excellent. close to U Bahn and train station and very easy to get around.Lots of shops and bars in immediate vicinty and very safe to walk around at night. could not fault hotel rate was excellent with breakfast direct from hotel website.Berlin was fantastic and loved every minute of it.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katokat
<Content>Great hotel My partner and I have just returned from a 4 night stay. We had arrived early so our room wasn't ready, but they took our luggage and it allowed us to have a wander around the immediate area and get some fresh air after our flight. When we returned to the hotel, we were seen to straight away, taken to the lift by one of the staff and shown how to use it. It may seem a bit pointless, but we encountered more than a few people that didn't know how to use it. The staff were wonderful and for a hotel that is 'upmarket' the staff in no way made you feel intimidated.We had booked a Business Junior Suite through the hotel website and got a good deal including breakfast. The room although nicely furnished and spotless was just a tad on the dull side and could have done with an extra lamp especially next to the reading chair which at night was impossible to use as you couldn't see what you were reading! My real niggle though was that we had a non-smoking room, and throughout the stay we could still smell smoke which seemed to either come through the air conditioning ducts or just wafted along the corridor from the rooms where smoking was permitted. Breakfast on the other hand was amazing. If you couldn't find something to eat at this spread then you have a problem. We decided to treat ourselves to breakfast in bed one morning and on checkout we were pleasantly surprised to find that the only extra cost incurred was 10 Euros.The hotel itself is in a nice area, although some people have mentioned that the station area down the road is seedy. I suppose that the seediness comes from the few sex shops and erotic museum (lol) in that area, but if you're offended by this sort of thing then don't go down there at night. During the day is fine though as its full of Berlin folk and tourists coming and going from the station.Not many of the sights most tourists will want to see are at hand, but the transport system in Berlin is fantastic. Take a few steps outside the hotel and there is a U-Bahn station that will take you to one that has crossover lines taking you all over the city. Or walk for a few minutes and find yourself at a train station with both S-Bahn and U-bahn lines that will take you to all the major sights around the city. One of the best things about Berlin is that most of the major attractions are within reasonable walking distance from one another.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheGuandos
<Content>Great hotel, excellent service We have just returned from a great three night stay in Berlin and loved the Swissotel. There is not much more I can add, given the other great reviews, but I can say that as vegetarians our food options are sometimes limited, but we were amazed by the hotel's breakfast buffet and that they even had soya milk.Location was perfect, but we did opt for a Ku'damm view room and it got a little noisy late on Friday night, but this was not really a surprise and the view of the Christmas lights was worth it.Staff were always friendly and we would have no hesitation returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ll76
<Content>Fantastic hotel Went with a group of friends to the Swissotel Berlin and it was just great. We booked through relaxabroad.com and paid just 拢39 each per night which we thought was a bargain. Anyway hotel is in a great location not far from Tegel Airport. Hotel staff are very friendly and nothing is too much trouble. Beds are very comfy and rooms spacious and clean. We will def being going back.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alli_D
<Content>It's still the best! This was our second visit to the hotel. This time we came with friends for the Christmas markets and the great shopping!We arrived at the hotel late at night and were greeted by the friendly doorman who took our cases and the next time we saw them was in the room.Check in was very smooth and the reception staff very helpful.The breakfast and service were again, excellent. The hotel was full but the breakfast room was never over crowded and items were replenished quickly.The rooms are great and if there has to be a small niggle it was that we had a street view room which can be a little noisy on a weekend, particularly if you want to sleep with the window open. It didn't trouble us too much though and we're already planning the next visit.I can't imagine that you can find a better hotel in a better location.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>michaelmelton1
<Content>Great Stay, Great Health Club I stayed here during the World Cup, and the hotel is beautiful. The room was very nice, the staff wasn't that friendly, but the health club facilities were great. The steam room was amazing. Its right in the city centre, but about a block away from the madness that was World Cup.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Ali83
<Content>Brilliant hotel I stayed at this hotel in August for a week-long city break with one of my friends. I booked directly with the hotel  got an excellent deal. I had to e-mail them, because my web browser fought with their website  got very quick, clear and courteous responses.We flew in to Tegel Airport and took the express bus to the Zoologischer Garten - the hotel is a straightforward  quick walk from there.Our room was a good size with plenty of storage space  it was a proper twin room as requested. The air conditioning was probably the quietest I have ever come across.Breakfast was excellent, especially the freshly cooked pancakes and waffles  the staff were cheerful  helpful. The bar staff were also very good. We did not try the restaurant, but did have food in the bar which was very good quality.Most of the restaurants close to the hotel are Italian or Asian fusion, so towards the end of the week we asked the concierge to suggest somewhere more traditionally German and he recommended the Literaturhaus - excellent food and good ambiance, but make sure you take cash with you, since they do not accept credit cards.All in all the Swissotel is in an excellent location for sightseeing in Berlin with easy access to many of the U-Bahn  S-Bahn lines.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>clannscotia
<Content>Swiss hospitality Location good - close to attractions, bus and train routes. Hotel staff friendly, helpful and polite. Room (junior suite) spacious, clean, well-maintained. Shower good and bed comfy. Breafast room service good (chose the bread/coffee option) - however, make sure you order your eggs more than 3 minutes - our 3 min egg arrived practically uncooked and inedible. Hotel restaurant disapointing - menu was unappealing - duck tongue, pork breast and jello, etc. No steak - in a five star hotel! Come on! Wouldn't recommend Berlin in November - cold, wet, windy, hail, snow, sleet, slush. Glad to be home to be honest.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Duberto
<Content>Excellet (But . . .)! First things first: let there be no doubt about it, this is a fantastic hotel - great staff (very friendly and helpful), wonderful trappings (super beds!), and super location . . . in other words, everything that you'd expect from a Swissotel!There are, though, a small number of things that could do with an improvement:(1) the fitness room is not up to snuff for a hotel of this size and class - it only has one treadmill, one stepper, two recumbent bikes, and a very small resistance station;(2) they could do with nicer televisions - with every other touch that they've incorporated stylewise in this hotel, this bulky sets don't fit . . . and more than two English-language stations (we simply had BBC World and CNN International), please!;(3) it's nice (although, really, to be expected) to have free internet, but more than two stations would be nice.All of those things aside, this really is a super place - the neighbourhood (off Ku'damm) is full of shops and restaurants, close to all sorts of public transportation (U-bahn, S-bahn, buses, etc.), and lively - and both the staff and facilities, undeniably, are world class!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>haithgirl
<Content>What's Not to Love? The best hotel ever! The staff is awesome. The room was flawless. The location is perfect. Anyone who wants to have the best time in Berlin should book this hotel. It's phenomenal.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bangkokexpat
<Content>Good Choice. I selected Swissotel from among its many competitors, based on the favorable reviews it received on Trip Advisor. It was a good choice. I was especially impressed with (1) the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff, especially the conceriege, who spend a lot of time answering my questions about Berlin and providing me with detailed directions; (2) the great location, which is within easy walking distance of all the major transportation links; (3) the free Internet access in the business center; and (4) the quality breakfast, with free IHT newspapers, and the great staff that cleared away dirty plates quickly and served me with abundant hot tea. The rooms, while not lavish and somewhat sparsely furnished, were extremely functional, and I ended up liking my room, which had all the amenities one would expect, during the week I stayed at the Swissotel. Given the high prices of hotels in Berlin, the Swissotel is reasonably priced. I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>UCSD
<Content>Excellent Stay We spent our last night in Berlin (after returning from Vienna) at the Swissotel . We selected this hotel for its location adjacent to Ku'dam and proximity to Tegel airport, as we had an early morning flight home. The level of service was excellent and the room had all the amenities one would expect. One nice feature was a coffee/tea machine in the room, which uses cartridges to brew the desired beverage. My wife loved it and the hotel was kind enough to provide additional coffee cartridges to us (each one makes a small cup only). We arrvied at the hotel before noon and were pleased to learn that the room was ready for us. This allowed us to leave our luggage in the room as we explored Ku'dam, Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, KaDeWe, etc. The only nit was with the rowdy crowds on Ku'dam late into the night. We were there on a Staurday and Ku'dam attracts people who are partying, shouting, etc. until 2-3 am. My wife likes to sleep with a window open, so the noise filtered into our room. Shutting the window helps, but this is an issue if you like freah air and are there on a weekend. We managed to enjoy some of the breakfast buffett before our departure and would recommend it -the ample choices of food was excellent. We would suggest this hotel if you want to stay in the western portion of Berlin.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Glamourpuss-Tourer
<Content>Faultless Stay! We booked our two night stay at the Swissotel following reccomendations from Tripadvisor - and we were not dissapointed!. This has to be one of the best hotels i've ever frequented, with wall to wall glamour and superbly efficient staff, who all spoke perfect English. Brilliant Stay, Great Location, Fabulous City - book now!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wandzia22
<Content>A wonderful introduction to Berlin! The Swissotel Berlin is as sophisticated as the city itself. In every way, it surpassed our expectations. The location is just around the corner from the chic Ku'damm shopping area and within walking distance or a short bus ride to all the most interesting museums, galleries, etc. The rooms are understated, well appointed and very comfortable. During our stay, the staff were unfailingly helpful and gracious - particularly the concierge. We would recommend it highly and look forward to returning again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kobri
<Content>The friendliest staff in Berlin Stayed one night in Swissotel in Berlin. The hotel is not so shick as it's neighbour Concorde Hotel, which is very sofisticated and cool. But cool is also the staff in Concorde. The staff in Concorde is friendly, but only so much friendly, as necessary. The staff in Swissotel is hearty and welcoming. We can tell this about reception, concierge or bar staff. We had a feeling, the people there are really enjoying working in Swissotel, and really enjoy being with their guests.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Promar
<Content>Swiss delight 6 of us (3 couples) spent 5 nights here at the beginning of October. Hotel reception staff were very helpful indeed this applied to all the staff we came into contact with . Our rooms on the 4th floor were very comfortable, with good bathrooms (separate bath and shower.) We were impressed that irons and ironing boards were included in the rooms. The rooms faced the centre so were exceptionally quiet. Our tariff did not include breakfast but we did try it once (21 Euros) It was excellent (as one would expect from the price!). We discovered that one could get a coffee and croissant served in the the reception lobby for 7.50 Euros. This was more than adequate for our needs and included fresh orange juice and a selection of yoghurts.The location of the hotel, just off the Kurfurstendamn St, was just about perfect, with a U bahn station almost directly opposite and the Zoologisher Garten S bahn/U bahn station within 5 minutes walk .awayThe free internet access point (just behind the conciege's desk) proved very useful for booking our return flight seats and printing out our boarding passes. We did not try the the hotel's restaurant because there were so many local restaurants in the area.All in all a very good hotel and one we would not hesitate to recommend.JP Banchory Scotland  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sim2406
<Content>What a gem I've just returned from a 5 day break in Berlin, staying at the 5* Swissotel. I really was impressed. Very easy to reach (5 minute walk from the train station - train direct from airport, and as expected in Germany train on time). Staff were extremely friendly and helpful during booking process and throughout our stay. The price was truly impressive - 513 euros for 4 nights, an absolute bargain. The room was large, with a 6 foot bed (luxury), italian coffee maker and lovely fluffy robes. Only complaint would have to be the lack of english language tv channels available. Both mini bar and room service prices were extremely reasonable.Located on the K'dam, beside the zoo, just around the corner from Ka-de-we and a stone throw from Tiergarten, an excellent location to explore all Berlin has to offer.Would thoroughly reccomend this hotel, particularly if you manage to get a bargain rate.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>imabari
<Content>Superior Swissotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lilJoJo
<Content>Fantastic Previous reviews all spot on; a v.high standard hotel, spacious rooms with attention to detail (toiletries, mini bar, espresso machine etc), great location, v. easy to find, pleasant staff. Every hotel does have its faults though; our espresso machine didn't work, and we had an adjoining room to another couple (the door of which was initially unlocked), and breakfast isn't included. Being used to typical european hotels, this was a great surprise, which, although not the best value for money, is worth it if you want to splash out, but if you are a traveller on a budjet, there are other equally nice hotels for much less.Would recommend for businessmen/women, couples, honeymooners.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>SFO-World-Traveller
<Content>Love this hotel, twice over This was my second stay at the Swissotel Berlin - I really do like this property a lot. It has a killer location right on Ku'damm, the staff are over-the-top friendly and the rooms are clean and well-organized.I also really like the local chain across the street, Vapiano. I had dinner there a few times on both trips and found it to be an exceptional value for the freshness and quality. For the money, this is truly a great hotel - you won't regret choosing it.Are there cheaper options in Berlin? Definitely. Better? That depends. For me, the Swissotel balances the price to value ratio perfectly.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EuroTravellerLDN
<Content>Great hotel This hotel is great. The staff are really friendly and helpful. Hotelis immaculately clean and the lobby is impressive. Room service food was great and standard price for such a hotel. Wifi is Euro 12.50 for24 hours. Rooms are a good size. Espresso machine in room is a nice touch.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>dpat17
<Content>Excellent Service and nice hotel Booked based on this site's reviews - excellent service from the concierge and the front desk. Very good location near shopping and metro. Rooms are spacious and well equipped. A little dated and worn - but not bad by any means.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>arlu
<Content>Not what I expected Having read all of the reviews, I assumed this to be one of the best hotels in Berlin. I was staying at the Hyatt and had to move due to a mixed up reservation by my corporate travel agent. I have to say it was a downgrade. Decent location, but the rooms are tiny and actually felt a bit seedy. The lobby is interesting but thats about it as far as I could tell. The bar is small but has a decent vibe, the breakfast wasn't great and was in a conference room so didn't feel luxurious in any way. At least I had a quick check-out as I almost missed my flight. Even the porter at the front wasn't particularily attentive or helpful. Perhaps an anomolous experience, but having stayed in numerous 5* hotels both old and new, this doesn't rate highly at all.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>pokemon
<Content>A lovely pleasant stay My husband and I stayed at this hotel from the 5th to 8th September 2007 for a mini break and we had a lovely time. It was our first visit to Berlin and we found the location of the hotel to be idealy located and very convenient to everything. We took a city bus tour and a boat tour which was recommended by the hotel which was very good and inexpensive lasting approx. 4 hours. Public transport is very good either by train or bus. We did not have our children with us but there is lots of activities for children. Berlin Zoo is just of the main street and also the aquarium. The hotel itself is very clean and very well managed with lots of helpful staff. Reading all the comments on the hotel I would not consider it luxurious and I don't think I would consider it 5 star. I had booked the room over the internet and we just got a basic room - when checking in we were asked if we would like to upgrade at a charge of 鈧?0 per night. (we didn't). Having said all this if I were to go back to Berlin I would probably stay there again. Restaurant 44 is a lovely restaurant but my husband was surprised that an award winning restaurant would have weeds growing on the balcony and the out door furniture was very unkept looking. Staff in the restaurant were very good and helpful. Overall a good stay.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Olos
<Content>Treat yourself to some luxury       Bedroom section  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>goldmbr
<Content>Grat Location, Pleasant Stay I love Germany around Christmas. Helpful hotel staff, contemporary looks, wonderful location. Room was very clean, bathroom just fine. All in all, reasonable place to stay while in Berlin.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>northerntravela
<Content>fab hotel in fab location in great city lovely hotel apart from slightly pricey bar(but excellent service and v cool!)got good rate through expedia 3w in advance.easy to get around-walking .u/s bahns etc v nearby.we found good restaurants easily-well priced too-makes London look very second rate!toilets always immaculate!great service nearly everywhere and lovely atmosphere-they have rebuilt the city so well and are open about their past.would go back and stay in same hotel  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>smoofy
<Content>Great hotel, but the farewell could have been fonder. My boyfriend and I decided to splurge on a really swanky hotel for a couple nights as we were on a combination romantic getaway / Berlin extravaganza for about a week. When we finally found the entrance to the Swissotel (which is located above the C  A department store on a side street) we were pretty damn pleased with the service. We arrived 4 hours early but were given our room anyway, our baggage was taken up to our room for us, and we were even escorted to the elevators by the gentleman at the desk. Not to mention we received free drink vouchers for a drink they make at the bar out of a variety of juices and special grouse. When we got into the room we were still impressed- HUGE bathtub (you can easily slip two people in there) and really comfortable bed. I was in love after having stayed at the Lindner for a few nights (which is no comparison, seriously). We enjoyed our stay there very much, our only problem came when it was time to check out. We were hastily offered our bags back to us even though check out at our next hotel wasn't for several hours. After some discussion, they agreed to hold on to our bags for us. We spent 1 hour trying to check out because they had to send someone up to our room to validate the minibar charges (which I believe were all of 4 Euro) and there was a HUGE problem with the laundry bill. My boyfriend who had decided to stay an extra four days needed to do laundry and so we were told by the front desk that it could be left out in front of the door and taken care of. We assumed there would be a charge for this, however we were never at any point told that it would be 49 Euro to wash 4 cotton t-shirts and a couple pairs of jeans. We argued with the front desk that we were never informed of the costs associated and that their policy was lunacy. Eventually we realized there was no reasoning with them and paid the bill. We later collected our bags, had them call us a taxi, and the doorman explained to the taxi where we were going after we showed him on paper the address of our next hotel. Turns out the doorman told the taxi driver the wrong thing and we ended up going to a different hotel. After trying to explain this to the driver he insisted that the hotel he had taken us to was what he was told by the doorman. After an arguement, we were finally taken to the correct hotel. So to sum up, here's my advice: Stay at the swissotel if you want a luxury experience- use their free drink vouchers- don't use the minibar- don't do laundry- and don't expect a welcome goodbye.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	3	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>carrotsarered
<Content>fantastic hotel Thank you to all previous reviewers on tripadvisor - this hotel lived up to all those reviews. Clean, comfortable, great with unobtrusive efficient service. My friend and I really enjoyed our stay- Berlin is a great city. I recommend the Fat Tires bike tour - great guide with good knowledge of the history of the place. Also the Vapiano opposite hotel - good place to eat if you like Italian food. No worries about the area - it felt very safe. Always loads of people around and well lit. I would definitely recommend Berlin and this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VidaLocaRanch
<Content>Excellent Value; Good Location No trouble here, location, room, amenities, all a jour and affordable @ $132/night. Breakfast expensive @ Euros 21 but offer 7,50 version with coffee and Croissant.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Bruno007
<Content>Modest luxury We stayed at Swissotel based on the reviews at Tripadvisor but also based on the opinions of friends. This is simply a wonderful hotel. Location is very central and most of the attractions are either within walking distance or short metro ride. We stayed in the room 8004 and simply could not fault it. The room was spacious, well equipped and very quiet. Beware, however, the hotel may get busy as it is often used for various functions. When we stayed at the hotel it was hosting some sort of sport event and the hotel lobby was always packed.We booked directly through the website that guarantees the best rate! If you have 3 weeks make sure to use their advance booking rate. Our rate was EUR145 a night and included the most wonderful breakfast where you will be spoilt for choice.Next time we are in Berlin, our hotel is sorted!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nina_auth
<Content>excellent place to stay       art gallery in lobby  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Cornishlaydee
<Content>Fantastic stayed here for three nights in a standard room booked directly with hotel. Fantastic room with coffee machine and granite bathroom, great location near to the railway station and plenty of restaurants and shops, excellent breakfast with a huge selection and nice trendy bar to relax in. smart reception with doormen and security at the entrance too. An excellent choice. Make sure you see the Berlin Wall and Jewish musuem - very moving.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>daoboston
<Content>Can't go wrong with this one We had a great stay here. The hotel is modern and sleek with great service and a great location. We loved the Ku'damm area. Our rate included daily breakfast which was fabulous. The staff is friendly, pleasant, and eager to please. Our room was clean, comfortable with a great bathroom. The room was also fairly spacious for a European hotel room, which tend to be smaller than hotel rooms in the US. In sum, you can't beat this place for combining, luxury, location, service and value! We had an outstanding experience for a very reasonable price.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Carson10
<Content>Streamlined and Comfortable We chose the Swissotel on the basis of Tripadvisor reviews and we weren't disappointed. Our room was incredibly clean and spacious with a great view over the Ku'Damm. The filter coffee maker and bathrobes were an added bonus. We didn't sample the fitness facilities, but we did try room service which was nicely done. Breakfast was an absolute treat and one of the best I've had in ages. There was a huge choice - fresh fruit, hams, cheeses, sausages, cereals - the list is endless. The staff were also exceptional - friendly and helpful - as were most of the Berliners that we met.The downside of this hotel for us was the location - the street below was noisy at night even though we were on the 6th floor (tip- choose an room overlooking the atrium) and the area wasn't really our cup of tea. Too corporate and shopping-orientated. I think it would suit certain travellers - especially those on business and tourists who prefer the security of a big international hotel, but it's unlikely that we would return even though we enjoyed our stay in many ways.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BerlinDrew
<Content>Great location, good value if you can get a good rate Spent two nights there, after vacating my apartment in Berlin before beginning an extended tour of Europe. As with a previously reviewed hotel, I had passed it many times, but never really considered it. I got a rate of 95 EUR per night, very nice breakfast included. Parking in the garage beneath the hotel, with direct elevator, was, 18 EUR per day. Overall, at 95 EUR, a great stay. Very friendly staff, very clean rooms, and a great location if you want to explore the Western half of Berlin. I recall some reviews mentioning that the area might be a bit sketchy. No worries. The area immediately around the Zoo U/S-bahn station is perhaps a bit..well...big train station level, but the hotel is a block or two from there, and located on Ku'damm, one of the main shopping streets, so no worries.Espresso machine in the room is a plus, as is a comfortable reading chair. The street on one side of the hotel was being completely repaved as of Aug 2007, but didn't present any real noise issues. However, if you are driving, you may want to call for directions around the closed off streets.There is a food market in the basement of the department store around the corner, if you want to stock up on water, snacks, etc.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Biebi
<Content>Very Good Deal The Swissotel Berlin is worth every cent. Suberb location, excellent service and extremely well maintained.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>dainabrisbane
<Content>Great but uncomfortable room We stayed at the Swissotel in July t2007 for four nights and were very pleased with the cleanliness of the rooms but disappointed in the smallish queen bed. Aircon was intermittent between no air at all and then full blast. Asked for, and received, a blanket because the one doonah was far too heavy for that time of the year and lack of decent aircon. Staff were very pleasant and polite except for the bar where we had to, at one stage, wait 25 minutes for a glass of beer even though we were the only ones in the lounge at the time. Expensive, too. B'fast is fabulous. Starched white tablecloths and napkins, huge variety of quality food - and, yes, FRESHLY squeezed orange juice - not the tinned variety. Restaurant staff very very helpful and quick to remove dirty dishes. All in all would stay there again but would ask for either a room upgrade to a larger bed or twin, and would be more forthcoming re the aircon problem.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sgeddie
<Content>Come see for youself...fantastic! My husband and I stayed for 5 nights in a Jr. Suite, with a view of the city. The deal we got on Expedia was to good to pass up. Everyone in the hotel was wonderful and couldn't do enough for you. Room service was very good and fast. Great location with wonderful restaraunts close by.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eyewinker
<Content>Loved this hotel! We stayed at the Swissotel Berlin for two days and wished it could have been longer. This hotel is a welcome, peaceful respite after a busy day in the city. The location -- in the former West Berlin near the Kaiser Wilhelm Church and West Berlin's main shopping district -- is fantastic. It is right at a U-bahn stop also. A brief aside, we used the city's public transportation system (subway and buses) and found them very easy and efficient to use. You can purchase tickets at various points including automated machines in the subways or at the tourist information centers marked on maps. Though on a busy corner, the Swissotel rooms are very quiet and AIR CONDITIONED! The rooms are even nicer than they appear on their website complete with an espresso/coffeemaker, lovely linens, robes, slippers and nice bathroom fixtures with a separate shower and tub. A welcome note with a bowl of fresh plums was left for us the first day and a piece of Toblerone chocolate was on our pillows each night. The service was warm and impeccable; we arrived at noon and they upgraded our rooms for no charge so we could check in immediately; the front desk associate escorted us to our rooms to show us around and rushed off without expecting a tip; the business center is off the lobby and computer/internet use was free of charge. Do ask for a room with a view as about half of the rooms face the inner courtyard - rooms on the other side of the hall have a view of the city bustle which we liked. We joined the Swissotel Gold Club (free) before booking so had The International Herald Tribune at our door each morning and had a free drink coupon for the bar. We booked online through the Swissotel website and got a two-room family promotional rate which included breakfast which was spectacular. (We did not eat dinner there preferring some ethnic food at that point, nor did we use the exercise room that was available or the high-speed internet access in the room.) All in all, this was a first-rate experience in a fascinating, changing city and we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jampa40
<Content>Perfect stay Hopefully great surprises don't come alone, but always in pairs, so it was truth for Berlin and Swissotel. We stayed one week for business and leisure purposes and there couldn't be a better place to stay, just a few steps from major atractions and subway just around tne corner. The lobby area is gorgeous and hip, the staff was very atentive and the hotel is just 5 yrs. old. The rooms are spotless and the breakfast outstanding! The overall value is is very good indeed! I would definitely come back.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ICRC1977
<Content>Great Excellent hotel, easy to get to from the airports!Room was spotless, restaurants great although bar a bit pricey!Well worth a visit if your going to Berlin, quite central to most attractions, just around the corner from the zoo which is handy if you've got kids!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CamelClass
<Content>My favorite hotel I usually like to try out new hotels when travelling but on my roughly 20 trips to Berlin, half of the time I've stayed at the Swissotel because I like it so much! There may be hotels with grander public areas, larger rooms and more restaurants, shops and bars but the Swissotel is just the place I feel the most comfortable. The hotel has already been described in detail so I'll just list the things that make this hotel so extraordinary:Perfect staff. From the receptionists to the maids to the staff in the dining room, everyone working there is extremely pleasant, professional and friendly without being sub-servant or chummy. I can't recall ever staying in a hotel where the staff was consistently on such an excellent level, congratulations to the management! Perfect location. While it's true that many of Berlin's attractions are located in Mitte, around Friedrichstrasse and Potsdamer Platz, I vastly prefer the much more real atmosphere of Charlottenburg and the Ku'Damm. Potsdamer Platz is a fun place to visit but it's quite contrived and wasn't formed naturally but by city planners. Explore the lovely side streets, e.g. Uhland- or Knesebeckstrasse of the Ku' damm where you'll find great little restaurants offering Thai, Japanese, Spanish, Italian, Indian and lots of other cuisines, small boutique-style shops like tailors and shoemakers, bars and cafes which cater to the locals and are much more interesting than the chain restaurants and international-brand stores found in Mitte.Perfect room. The standards rooms aren't particularly large but still very pleasant and clean and furnished with everything you could want. A firm matress on the bed, lots of pillows, a Lavazza espresso machine (!), effective and quiet air-conditioning, lots of drawer and closet space, robes and slippers, a small bathroom with great glass-enclosed shower and tub, fast WLAN (for a reasonable fee) etc. The only downside is that I feel so comfortable in the room that I have to force myself to get out and explore Berlin!Perfect breakfast. If you book wisely, you'll be able to get a room that includes breakfast for only 10 Euro more than without. I'm usually not much of a breakfast person and European 5-star hotels tend to charge a fortune for the pleasure. But if yours is included, you won't be disappointed, the breakfast at the Swissotel is fantastic and includes made-to order eggs or pancakes which you can order from your waitress. Much better than those bin full of eggs and bacon so often offered.Perfect restaurant: Many of Berlin's best gourmet restaurants are located in hotels, the Swissotel's Restaurant 44 was awarded a Michelin star and 8 points by Gault Millau and offers very creative and original fare. If you like that kind of food, have lunch during the week where an excellent fixed-menu meal is offered at an extremely reasonable price.My only small criticism stems from the breakfast room sharing it's space with the restaurant. A half an hour before the breakfast service ends, most of the staff gets busy preparing the room for lunch and then things like coffee-refills tend to get a bit difficult. The same thing happens in the evenings if you stay until closing, the staff start preparing the room for breakfast, a rather noisy task which isn't quite fitting for a Michelin-starred restaurant but probably can't be avoided and isn't a major upset.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lbj2
<Content>Upscale and comfortable We stayed here on our first leg of an Eastern European vacation with my husband and two teens. With two connecting rooms, we were more than comfortable and happy. Hotel is well kept and very modern in style. Buffet breakfast was the best of any location we stayed at. Service top notch. Location near Zoo train station was a plus for getting around to different spots in Berlin. We had an excellent overall visit and would return to this location or other Swissotel properties. I also felt safe and secure and liked the feature that did not allow anyone to enter the elevator without having a key and the elevator would automatically stop only on that floor. For an urban hotel, safety is important to us.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TRJ
<Content>Alles in ordnung .. Killer service My family and I just got back yesterday from a 3 night stay at the hotel and we loved every minute of it. This is my second stay at the Swissotel Berlin and both times have been absolutely perfect. Unlike so many other luxury hotels which have a tendency to appear a bit cynical and arrogant this hotel actually makes you feel right at home and welcome. I really love the understated professionalism and quality that characterises this hotel. The location is second to none right on Kurf眉rstendamm, the staff is competent and friendly, the building is beautifully designed, the rooms are quiet and nicely furnished, breakfast is world class 鈥?extremely varied and super quality all around.I can鈥檛 say enough positive things about this hotel and that鈥檚 not because I鈥檓 not picky 鈥?believe me ;-)Enjoy,ThomasPS. A hint: Do try the Italian diner right across from the hotel 鈥?it鈥檚 excellent.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ma377
<Content>Fabulous hotel I stayed at this hotel for 4 days on business and I cannot overstate how impressed I was. The location is great, the price was amazing, the breakfast is one I still daydream about, the staff was absolutelyone of the most impressive I've encountered at any hotel, anywhere. Finally, the rooms are so small you can't believe it - and it doesn'tmatter a bit. It was one of the most comfortable and well-appointed rooms I've stayed in despite the size-- and extremely well maintained. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Veronica W
<Content>Great location Great hotel, staff were very helpful and friendly receptionist even took us to our room when we checked in and made sure we were happy with our room, which was great on eigth floor and very quiet no traffic noise considering we were overlooking main street. Breakfast excellent which we booked with room, good value for money a bit expensive at 22 euros if paid for on daily basis. Location was brilliant went on hop on hop off bus which stops across the road from hotel, then went back to visit places that interested us, remains of Berlin Wall very moving experience.Lots of restaurants and bars within walking distance of hotels, we did not have a poor meal whilst in Berlin, The concierge in the hotel was very helpful and pointed us in the right direction each day and booked a theatre for us and tickets were delivered to hotel , better than tourist office!!!! Flew Easyjet from Liverpool no delays excellent value, would recommend Berlin which is full of history and this hotel for 4/5 day break, woud definitley stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gonknoggin
<Content>very pleasant experience       large windows ensure pleny of daylight  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>screenname060309
<Content>good hotel We just returned from our first visit to Berlin. The hotel had many good qualities: the location was very good close to many attractions and means of communication. We did not eat breakfast here and did not enjoy sauna gym and other amneties (no time) so I cannot talk about those. Our rooms were OK, the best parts were the shower in addition to the bath, the ironing facilities and the coffee making machines. My girlfriend loves tea so when we asked for help they immediately sent us water bolier. We did not have slippers in our room which my girlfriend had counted on. I see from another review that they had slippers. The beds were very good.There were only two problems: One was the TV. It did not have any English channels except BBC and CNN, and by day three we were tired of listening to the news all the time. But they did have speakers in the bathroom so you did not have to miss the news even there. The airconditioning was perfect.Another problem were the lamps near beds. They have a special confugartion so that if you come into contact with the frame around the light you may burn your hands. One of the lights in the room did not work and our room was not very well lit. I am sure if we have said something about it they would have reacted.I might have given 4.5 points if it would have been possible.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gooner_cb21rf
<Content>Loved it! Would surely stay again My wife and I stayed here for three nights, and the Swissotel Berlin was a fantastic place to stay. We loved it and thought the rate we paid (approx 120 euro a night) was a good value for what we got. Here's some of what we liked about it: - modern and well equipped rooms: The room we got was very new and had a great view. The bathroom was very clean and large, and the room was the perfect size for us. It had plenty of closet and storage space. We really enjoyed the espresso machine also. - location: i liked the location. having been to berlin several times in the past, i can tell you that the zoo garden area isn't that bad. there is one seedy street in one direction, but this is easily avoided by walking by the kaiser wilhelm church on your way to the ku'damm instead of taking the shortcut. the ku'damm ubahn station is one block from the hotel and this is one connection from the major u-bahn lines and the u2 line. - staff: on the whole, very helpful and courteous!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>rymat
<Content>Great hotel, great city My son and I stayed at the Swiss Hotel in early June .Hotel was in excellent location, just steps from U subway line and 10 minutes from Main train station.Many shops and restaurants within walking distance of hotel.Streets were safe even at night.Hotel Room, moderate in size were very clean , and decorated in a modern with great beds.Breakfast buffet was great with many choices, and hot food Buffet was included in my price of 180 eurosStaff was accomidating and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to any one who is visiting Berlin  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travandclair
<Content>Swissotel - a fantastic hotel with great service My wife and I have just returned from 4 nights at the Swissotel in Berlin. It is a remarkably good hotel for the money (we booked through Expedia and paid less than 拢85 a night per room, excluding breakfast) and is definitely worth each of its 5 stars.The service was excellent throughout. In particular Henry, who servedus drinks in the bar near reception - upon hearing of our lengthy overnight train trip home, he went off and then came back with a specially wrapped bag of delicious Swissotel chocolate for us to eat on our journey.I would agree that the location is not the best in Berlin - the area near Zoologischer Garten station is a little seedy, but the Ku'damm -close by - is a fine, upmarket shopping street. I would be very tempted to stay nearer Mitte on a future stay, the area around Potsdamer Platz is particularly well-placed for the sights. Wherever you stay in Berlin though, you will at some point need to make use of the excellent public transport system - 6.20 Euros will get you a day ticket with unlimited use.Tips on food - the self-service Vapiano across the road serves excellent pizzas, pastas and salads for a very reasonable price. Zur Letzten Instanz, close the the TV tower, is reputedly the oldest restaurant in Berlin and serves hearty German food - eat in the garden if the weather's good.Berlin is a wonderful city - we could easily have filled 10 days there - the Swissotel will be near the top of our list to stay when we go back again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>coffeepot11
<Content>excellent hotel - couldn't recommend highly enough Hotel was in excellent location. Room, though not overly large, was very clean, modern with very comfy beds. Breakfast excellent - huge choice, hot food hot etc. Staff really pleasant and helpful.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AB1
<Content>Great Hotel, only one disapointment.... Stayed here 31st May - 4th June. Good location and comfortable hotel. Only disapointment was with the Restaurant, 1 month before we stayed i booked a table for two for 1st June in Restaurant 44, a birthday treat, i received e-mail confirmation from the Restaurant Manager. On arrival at the hotel i again asked for confirmation of the reservation to be told i couldn't have a booking as there was a private function place that night and the restaurant was closed. The receptionist tried to get me a table for the Saturday night but the restaurant was full. Greatly disappointed about this as i had heard only good reviews. On the whole a comfortable, clean hotel, would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Gazing
<Content>Great Hotel, great location We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay at the Swisssotel in early June 2007, great location and very helpful staff. I couldn't fault anything about it.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>smoothtalk
<Content>Excellent hotel This is a comfortable, well-equipped hotel with superb staff and a nice, civilised atmosphere. Our room was the most modest the hotel offers, but was quiet and pleasantly appointed with a good bath/shower room and quality furnishings. The hotel bar was a good place to have a few drinks at the end of a long day, and Restaurant 44 (run by chef Tim Raue) was expensive yet worth the money, offering a superb menu of modern European cuisine. The sole drawback of the hotel is that it is in a fairly charmless corner of Charlottenburg - conveniently near Zoo Station, but also near some rather tawdry shops and bars including a tacky museum of erotica. The atmosphere locally certainly wasn't threatening, but this is a much less appealing part of Berlin than, say, Mitte, and those going as tourists should be aware that they will need to use the U-Bahn and S-Bahn to access the main tourist areas.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marcdocklands
<Content>Efficient and well run OK it will not win prizes for personality but the rooms are a good size in a great location with comfortable beds - what more do you need?A few tips breakfast is very expensive but if your happy to pay 22 euro each its a good spread but I would advise you to try some of the nearby cafes more BerlinI upgraded to one of the suites it was only a small addition to the price but well worth it and dont be put off by courtyard view rooms they are fine .  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>IslandMaster
<Content>Perfect Hotel Stayed here Mar. 29-31, 2007. Perfect location for a visit. It is situated on the main shopping street . It is also near the trams  subways. The X9 bus(express) from the airport comes two blocks away.The rooms are very modern and extremely comfortable. It is wonderful having a coffee maker in your room. The service from check in to room cleaning was above even my expectations. I will be staying there in the future.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ynguy
<Content>It almost starts to get boring I always stay at the Interconti but after reading all these reviews, I could not help myself to try this hotel.When I entered the downstairs area I was not met by a porter to assist me with my luggage ( Hey not everything is perfect in this hotel. ) Once I had ascended to the reception lobby area I was greeted by a charming and friendly male receptionist who efficiently checked me in and escorted me to my room which was a nice touch.The room was smallish ( Interconti's rooms are more spacious ) but very well maintained , with a sort of view of the Gedachnis kirche and everything was there. An esppresso machine, ironing board, slippers and bathrobe for example.The bathroom was somewhat claustrophobic but they managed to squeeze in a walk in shower which I so much prefer than a standing in the bath one.I was impressed by turndown service as they did everything right. From restocking the coffee supplies to refreshing towels. Well done HK.The breakfast was also not too bad but once again Interconti's is more sumptuous and the quality of the food ihigher. The service of the team though was efficient and quick. Ok it was not busy but still.The one concierge I dealt with was friendly but he did not know that there were guided tours at Tempelhof airport.As always stays at hotels can be so personal and although I was quite happy with my 2 nights at this property ( I had for the rest of my stay a res at the new Meli谩 ) I would use this hotel in the future only as a backup.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wilburhertfordshire
<Content>wunderbar! My wife and I stayed at the Swissotel for 3 days to celebrate my 60th birthday. Our standard room was comfortable and spotless. The staff were friendly and could not have been more attentive; they even left a birthday cake and card in my room. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sharsco
<Content>Great Hotel Was impressed with the Swissotel. Level of service was great with all staff very friendly and obliging. Our room was a standard room and was well equipped and spotlessly clean as expected in a 5 star hotel. Great selection for breakfast. Our rate included breakfast and was booked direct through the hotel website (they have a price promise and matched the rate of 125 euros and gave 50% off the first night as another website had a cheaper rate).Hotel is located just off the K'dam which is handy for shopping. It's not the closest to the various tourist sites but bus 100 or 200 takes you to the Alexanderplatz area for a reasonable fare of 2.10 euros each direction (buses are very regular and very punctual). Plenty of bars and restaurants within a short distance, try the Trattoria Peretti for an excellent great value Italian (it's just tucked in behind the big sports shop on the LHS towards Zoo Station).Overall, wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Swisotel or Berlin for a great city break!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EssexGriff
<Content>Swissotel the best hotel in Berlin If you want a fantasic hotel at a really reasonable price in Berlin go to Swissotel this place is the dogs bits. It is part of the Raffles group and boy does it live up to expectations. Right in the heart of town within walking distance of most of the major attractions including the berlin wall and brandenburg gate and with fantasic places to eat all around if you can make it out of the hotel that is.Room service for breakfast is good vaule but make sure you tell them everything you want as they sometimes leave stuff off if you don't ask for it. The american breakfast is to die for and includes a full english, muffins, fruit, cheeses, ham, yogurt, cakes, teas, coffee, OJ basically everything you could think of and all for 22 Euros each. This was more than enough to fill us up until dinner. Also another must do is the strawberry dakri's and the baileys hot chocolates at the bar again very reasonable in price and well worth a visit.A big must for us was to go to the zoo or zoological garten as they call it. I know this sounds childish but this was the best and cleanest zoo I have ever been to not to meantion the fact that they are the closes place to the UK to have 2 gaint pandas there!!! (wife is a bit of a fan) entrance to both the aquarium and zoo is only around 12 euros and is a good day out.Another nice thing to do is to get a tuc tuc type taxi through the park as they all speak english and are full of intresting facts and places to go in Berlin.Don't hesitate any longer book now !!!CG  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>C3B
<Content>the Swissotel is superb I stayed at the Swissotel for business - my budget would not normally stretch to a hotel like this.In a word: amazing. The staff are incredible and go out of their way to help with requests and advice. The rooms are spacious and very clean with great views, lovely bedding and nice bathrooms.As I was on my own for some of my trip I took advantage of the room service a couple of nights and it was brilliant. Not the biggest ever selection of dishes but very reasonably priced and very well executed (I guess this is down the Michelin-starred restaurant?).The breakfast is also a treat - high quality food items, beautifully served, and a very large range. It is also served until 10.30am which was a nice touch at the weekend (although for an extra 5鈧?you can have breakfast served in your room, 24 hours a day).I also visited the Palermo bar one night, a cosy little space just off the lobby. Nice atmosphere and very good cocktails.I highly recommend this place if your budget will stretch, or you can get a good deal.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trenchchic
<Content>Loved the Swissotel The greatest thing about this hotel is the location. If you are in Berlin to sightsee, then the Big Red Tour Bus (22 Euro per day) stops right outside the hotel. From there you can hit all the touristy attractions. As for the room, it was clean, comfortable and was pretty spacious (for Europe).If we were go to back to Berlin, we'd stay at the Swissotel again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Winner_Wannabie
<Content>German Efficiency at Its Very Best! Not much to report here except to say that this hotel is fantastic in every way. It is superbly located, modern, clean, stylish and, if like us you book it a great deal in advance using the web, exceptional value for money. We've stayed at a number of Swissotels in the UK (The Howard, London in particular) and can vouch for the fact that the team at Swissotel Berlin run a much tighter ship than their UK counterparts and should be commended for it. For any occasion (romantic getaway; business trip; weekend city break), I would thoroughly recommend this hotel. Stay here. Go on.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blissfultranquility
<Content>The most wonderful experience...       Gorgeous bedroom, so comfy!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teachers_on_tour
<Content>Nice place We're really just adding to the other reviews, probably. This is a nice hotel. It's not particularly unusual, but it is a nice place to stay in a big city. There's a very fancy coffee maker, and a Starbucks nearby for people too lazy to use it - like us. The rooms are very nice - reasonable size, good bathroom, everything you would want. The bed was great, nice sheets, all the five star trimmings. We had an internet deal of 135 euros per night including breakfast, and the breakfast is nice, and served in a room with a good view of the Kurfurstendamm. There are some nice restaurants around  the Hard Rock Cafe is nearby on Meinkenstrasse if that's your thing.The hotel is right near Zoo station  probably quite a good location, but for what we wanted, probably Mitte is a better location. Consider what you want to see and choose accordingly, because Berlin is a sprawling city. One good thing nearby is the meeting point for Insider Tours - Zoo station - and if you do a tour with Nigel so much the better: he is funny  knowledgeable. This is a very nice hotel at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>John-Elaine
<Content>Service experts We (my wife and I) have just returned from a two day weekend break at the Swisshotel Berlin. The hotel reached all expectations of a 5 star hotel. We booked through Expedia and got a great rate. I couldn't have asked for a better located hotel on the centre of Kurfurstendamm opposite an underground. And 5 min walk to a main train/bus station. We arrived at Tegal airport and got a taxi which cost 15euro each way. There is a great sportsbar around the corner - try a Berlinger Beer and a Currywurst dinner. The room was a courtyard room and had sound proofing, had a coffee machine, air-con and minibar. We didn't eat in the restaurant but the menu looked v.nice but a bit pricey. The only thing that the hotel lacks is a swimming pool. It has though a sauna and small gym. Tip: we got a map from the hotel but the underground routes have changed since it was issued, better to get a new one from the underground BVG kiosk in any terminal. For 1 full days unlimited pass costs 6 euro for all trains and local buses. Which is great for jumping on and off at stations. When I go back I will be looking to stay in the same hotel as I couldn't complain about anything.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Saroesque
<Content>Brilliant hotel!       Swissotel from across the Street  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Net1
<Content>Excellent! Have just returned from a 3 night stay. Hotel staff were without exception polite and efficient. They upgraded our room to a view of the Ku'damm as it was my birthday, and on returning from a day of sightseeing I found a birthday cake in our room. Our room was large and modern with a very comfortable bed and a immaculately clean and modern bathroom. The rooms are well soundproofed - couldn't hear a thing from either side. Breakfast was included in our room rate and was very good - we just ate a big buffet breakfast each morning and didn't have to spend any euros on lunch (other than the odd currywurst!).Location is great for shopping and about a 5 minute walk to Zoo station, however it is a bit of a trek to the Reichstag etc. However, Berlin transport system is fantastic - I wish London's was as good! For 5.8 euros you can buy a day pass which covers the S and U bahn for as many journeys as you can manage. Just don't forget to validate it first! If I was to stay in Berlin again I would have no hesitation in staying at the Swissotel. A tip - we got 7.5 euro off our bill for booking through the hotel's website. This was credited against some drinks we had had at the (reasonably priced) bar.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>a7ftt
<Content>Excellent, efficient, clean and friendly Cannot fault the swissotel. Great location. Very central. Modern in design. Very courteous staff. Room was large. Bathroom was immaculate. I was there on business. Had everything I needed, including access to the internet. No trouser press, but they did have iron and ironing board. Free shoe cleaning service. Breakfasts were fine. I cannot comment on price of food/drink as we did not have to pay for either. Overall, I was very impressed.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cyclist62
<Content>Excellent staff, loved the Hotel! We have just returned from 3 nights at the Swissotel. We went with some friends to attend the 'Berliner Sechtage' (6 day indoor track cycling event). The staff are extremely polite and courteous (without being stuffy) from the minute you walk in and this was reflected in the service throughtout the three days whether it was the concierge, reception, restaurant or housekeeping. As Restaurant 44 was closed on the Sunday when we arrived, Reception gave us some recommendations and booked a nice Italian for us, 'Via Condotti' about 5 minutes walk away. Breakfast was excellent but alittle expensive if not booked in your package. We had managed to get an excellent deal of three nights for two including breakfast which made the hotel amazing value for money. The Concierge helped us out with directions to the track racing which was a little out of town. We had previously got there through a complicated route of trains and trams, however he gave us some far simpler options.The rooms were tastefully decorated with an excellent bathroom. A great touch was the Lavazza coffee machine for a good pick me up after a hard days sightseeing and shopping!The only minor irritation was the bed set up, two single mattresses pushed together to make up a double so you have the horrible crack in the middle. The bedding was also a bit weird, two smallish quilts instead of one big one and if you utilised the turndown service (worth it for the next days weather forecast left on the bed together with a mini toblerone!) one of the quilts was placed on the mattress with the pillows on top therefore implying you laid on one and covered with the other small one. All in all the bedding issues were minor. We would not hesitate to stay at this excellent hotel again which has to be one of the best city hotels we have ever stayed in. We will be back!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vickyj21
<Content>Great location! We stayed at the Swissotel for 3 nights right at the beginning of the Christmas Markets. It was in a in great location and had great modern facilities, rooms were lovely. The staff were super friendly, efficient and helpful. A really great hotel that I would recomend to anyone, Berlin is also a great city for a short break with so much to see.If you ever stay there and need an ironing board its behind the mirror! it took the whole weekend for my friends in another room to find it!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ozon
<Content>Excellent hotel Excellent hotel, friendly and professional staff, convenient location, clean and contemporary. Dinner at Restaurant 44 is a must!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AM-Kent
<Content>This Hotel is EXCELLENT in every way Whoever says this hotel is anything less than excellent needs their head testing.I stayed their in July (for The Love Parade) and found the hotel and its staff to be 5 star all the way. The hotel is decorated in a VERY modern way so much so that it wouldn't look out of place in a interior designmagazine. The rooms where the same ours had a Lavazza coffee machine and the bathroom sanitary wear was excellent, it even had a seperate power shower.If The Love Parade is being held this year we will be staying there again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LeoDublin
<Content>Awfull !! I always check trip advisor prior to booking a hotel and have found the advice given by reviewers faultless ...... perhaps with the exception of Swissotel Berlin. I picked the hotel over many others (Concorde, Radisson SAS) of the same price and was very disappointed. The hotel facilities are minimal; the 'Amrita Spa' is merely a room with four treadmills, two sunloungers and a sauna. The hotel bar is tiny and on our trip was full of business people holding post-meeting conferences. The room, although spotless, was not luxurious and felt a little cold and soulless. The hotel corridors are devoid of windows and curve sharply leading to the feeling you are on a Dover to Calais ferry. The breakfast was standard and the staff are stretched to capacity at mealtimes leading to many a forgotten order. On the plus side the staff are friendly and the in room coffee maker is certainly a bonus at the end of a long day however I wanted a little luxury on my Christmas trip to Berlin and was sorely disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>oldmastumpy
<Content>Warming experience MP BrightonThe hotel was excellent with very friendly, helpful staff. The food very good and rooms beautiful. It is very well placed for the excellent shops in Berlin, just around the corner from the main shopping street in Berlin. The Christmas market was very pretty and the whole city was decorated in white lights for the Christmas season. It has a gym and sauna, but could have done with a pool. The tour bus around the city is very interesting.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AllanKnaik
<Content>Good quality business hotel with excellent staff Competent hotel in west central Berlin. Adequate size rooms with good standard of finish. Pleasant public areas. Quiet. All the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful 鈥?getting staff like this isn鈥檛 just good luck.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kiwitravelling
<Content>Absolutely brilliant! WOW!We arrived at the hotel and it was luxury all the way. Friendly staff who went out of their way to make your stay perfect.The hotel looks very new and is located in the main shopping district of Berlin. The best location really. The taxi ride from the airport was less than half an hour as well.We asked for a non-smoking room and were then informed we had been upgraded to a suite. In the suite there was so much space: a separate toilet and bathroom, a sitting area plus the bed area. The view of the city was amazing.The textiles were luxurious. The complimentary toiletries were lovely. There was even an umbrella in the room for the use of guests during their stay.While it was lovely being upgraded, we think the facilities would be the same in the standard rooms.I can't wait to visit again!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>airedale_travellers
<Content>Loved the Swiss       The hotel  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>anubis1
<Content>good hotel well run pleasant commercial hotel. worthwhile with executive room and use of executive dining room. Convenient but not as exciting as the Unter den Linden part of town. Still a value even with a dollar fast becoming worthless.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Juan45
<Content>We liked it I can only echo the other reviews. It's a little odd, going in off the street and then ascending through a cavernous atrium to the reception area, but once you are in the staff are very friendly and go out of their way to help.We didn't go for the breakfast (plenty of coffee and croissant options around) so can't comment on that. There's a fun Italian place called Vapiano right opposite, where they cook your chosen pasta and sauce in front of you.The rooms are spacious and spotless. The double bed is two singles joined together, with two single duvets. Maybe a German custom? We paid 鈧?20 a night, which seemed very reasonable. The location is excellent, walking distance from the train station and the metro/buses close by. We were very happy with our choice.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sarphil
<Content>Fantastic hotel I cannot say enough nice things about this hotel. It is very impressive from the outside, the lobby area is really comfortable and the staff could not have been more friendly and professional. We were taken to our room by the receptionist and given orientation of the hotel. The bedroom was a decent size, overlooking a courtyard. The room was very clean and the bed was a good size. The hotel feels very secure as only people with room keys can access the different floors. The bar was modern and intimate. We ate lunch in the lobby one day and it was very good.The location was great too. The hotel is close to the Zoo Station (from where you can get trains to Schonfeld airport) and the shopping street, the Kudaam. We would definitely go back to this hotel if in Berlin again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carryall
<Content>not the ritz, but absolutely excellent stayed there for 4 nights from november10,06. fantastic location-excellent service-excellent english from all the young friendly staff- the room was spotless with full bath and full glass shower- internet in the room- safe in the room- satellite t.v. in the room- full american breakfast daily including eggs, omlettes, juices, pastries, etc. the conceirge was very good. tours from the hotel to potsdam city tour were excellent. local recommendations for meals were very good- remember this hotel is one half block off the main street within 4 blocks of the ka we de department store which you must not miss. as you can see i loved thid hotel and berlin, too.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lotusgirl
<Content>Great central location! Fantastic hotel for a break away. Rooms fab!       Olympic Stadium  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trvljunky
<Content>Five Star Hotel ... well I'm not sure if it is actually 5 stars, but inside it was amazing. Great location near the Zoo Station and the standard of service was top notch. Best of all, it was a bargain. Vapianos opposite is a great place for lunch.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chris_54
<Content>previous reviewers were spot on! Well, well Trip advisor comes up trumps again! Chose this hotel because the reviews were excellent and that is exactly as we found the experience. It was our wedding anniversary too - 23 years - and we received an up-grade +wine and water, as did the previous reviewers. However, we booked on the hotel's own website and paid 135 euros including breakfast. Our waitress 'Diana' was charming, as was every member of staff we encountered during our four days. This hotel is well managed and represents outstanding value. The weather was awful - but Berlin was fab ! We loved the history, shopping, superb quality food and the very relaxed feel of the German capital and its people. We used the overground train from the airport (Shoenefeld) and walked from Zoo Gardens. Buying a ticket was problematic though - big, big queues at the machines and no one at hand to help, except fellow travellers. Next time buy tickets at airport from a machine or the newsagent (2 euros 10 cents) and don't forget to validate it, or risk a 40 euro fine. We also used the 100 and 200 buses during our stay - buy ticket from driver - no problem. See everywhere from the top and get on and off where you wish (one direction only) for 2.10 euros - a bargain ! Vapiano restaurant (opposite hotel) was good value and serves excellent salads, pizzas and pastas all made freshly for you before your eyes ! Foodhall at KadeWe amazing and much cheaper than Harrods. C  A still in business in Berlin and a landmark for our hotel.I could write more, but the previous reviewers say it all - give Berlin a go - you'll be impressed. Thank you to previous reviewers for taking the time to write your comments and experiences, they have proved very helpful to me. I always check this website before I go anywhere !  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TheGrimesReview
<Content>Fantastic hotel and great service       Very nice room overlooking the Ku'Dam  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Morgan&Sian
<Content>Thoroughly recommended The Swissotel is comfortable  clean, and service is first class. The location is excellent for shopping, and there are plenty of restaurants  bars in easy walking distance, although if you're into the hardcore bar  club scene, you will need to travel a bit further (easy on Berlin's excellent U-bahn system).Head to Savignyplatz (about 10 minutes walk) for a good selection of bars  restaurants, although the best meal we had was at a little Italian restaurant a few doors up from the Hard Rock Cafe (about 5 minutes walk from the hotel).Would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seantully
<Content>Brilliant hotel Just returned today from weekend trip to Swissotel which was located on the famous Kurf眉rstendamm in Berlin. The location of this hotel was obsolutly excellent, couldn't have been more central. We literally got off the train from the airport and we were at the hotel.The hotel is really excellant, the staff are so friendly. There is a lovely reception area where you can sit and have drinks or eat.The bedrooms were spotless with a fully stocked minibar, a safe, Expresso machine, iron, hairdryer, clothes brush etc etc They also had a free shoe shine facility.In our weekend package we also had breakfast included. I note in earlier reviews someone mentioned that breakfast was expensive. Therefore we were delighted it was included in our price. It was one of the best breakfasts I have ever had, truly devine! The only one bad thing about our stay was the price of a glass of wine compared with a glass of beer.... wine was 鈧?1 (per glass) which I thought was very expensive, but apart from that 10 out of 10.Will definatly stay in Swissotels again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>airedale1
<Content>Outstanding From the moment we arrived we received outstanding service at the swissotel, Berlin.Staff were extremely welcoming and attentive.Room was everything one would expect of a 5 star and a great place to relax after sightseeing.One of the best hotels we have stayed in.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NatsDad
<Content>Excellent I chose this hotel based on the Tripadvisor reviews and I was not disappointed. The location is superb. The rooms were lovely and clean and the hotel staff were excellent. Would prefer the internet to be included in the room price but 23 Euro for 2 days was reasonable.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Susan66
<Content>Great option in Berlin We booked this hotel through a German website and got an excellent deal (EUR 120 not including breakfast). The location cannot be improved upon - close to Zoo station, Kudamm, subway and other public transportation.I found the atmosphere in the hotel relaxing, calm yet stylish and sophisticated. The hotel is decorated with contemporary art by German artists. Yet I never got the impression that my presence was upsetting the decor. The standard room I was staying in was very quiet, with a very comfortable bed and a Lavazza espresso machine. One of the nicest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in.Breakfast is delicious but not cheap at EUR 21. Wireless Internet is EUR 10 per two hours.All in all I would recommend this hotel to everybody except budget tourists. Great value for money - especially when having breakfast outside the hotel. This is now my Holy Grail hotel in Berlin.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MrktMgr
<Content>Great Location, Excellent Service We booked this hotel based on the reviews and weren't disappointed. We booked the executive room option - but contrary to other reports, I think it is over-rated at this hotel. I am familiar with this at the Swissotel in Beijing and the differences are substantial. We only used the tiny executive lounge for breakfast -which was quite good.The room is a lesson in details. This company knows what their customers want because they listen! The only thing we didn't like is the lack of pillow selection. It would be nice to have the option of ordering a pillow like at other Hotels. Otherwise everything you need (and don't need) is there: Safe, iron, ironing board, coffee machine, mini-bar, toiletries, plenty of towels, paper clips, pencil, pencil sharpener and eraser! Even found a ruler in one of the drawers.I used the fitness room and found everything I needed. Well stocked and again, a real attention to details. I really appreciated the menthol soaked towels in the fridge, the apfelschorle, the personal video units (bring your own headphones) available on the treadmill, stepper and bikes. Everything was there for the shower afterwards (and I mean EVERYTHING). The only disappointment was the coin operated lockers....what's up with that? I didn't have a coin on me, but found that kind of silly anyway.The location of the hotel is excellent. Shopping non-plus-ultra right around the corner. It's only a 10 minute walk to Ka-De-We. The U-bahn (subway) is about 50 meters from the entrance of the hotel - same goes for the buses, be it a tourist or normal bus. Why didn't I give it Excellent? The executive floors aren't quite up to the comparison with the Beijing Swissotel: No separate check-in, lounge too small and the room not as impressive. The staff is really good - although the friendliness of the counter staff borders on ridiculous as the authenticity seems to be a stretch for some. Others bring it across with ease like the gentleman - didn't get his name - from Hamburg manning the executive lounge on Saturday 30.09 in the afternoon. He was outstanding: authentically friendly, professional and helpful.A great hotel, but more importantly, excellent service. Just one more example of service excellence - all you other hotels pay attention: My wife and I walked outside the hotel and asked the doorman about the city tour buses. He told us we could get more information as well as the tickets from the concierge. We went back into the hotel and took the glass elevator up to the lobby. While riding up I saw the doorman pull out his cell phone and make a call. When we arrived at the concierge desk, the concierge was just hanging up the phone and had the brochure for the bus tours in his hand - waiting for us. That is an example of the Swissotel attention to details. Well done l!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Happyhubby&Daddy
<Content>super clean, good for the road warrior When I travel on business, here is what I want in a hotel: Cleanliness, quietness, and a comfortable bed. A bonus would be free internet, quick check in, good breakfast. The Swissotel has all of what I was looking for and more. The front desk folks were VERY helpful, gave me a coupon for a free drink and a coupon for 7 euros off of any bar/food tab. The rooms are modern, and very quiet! Overall, a great experience!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VA_Married_Couple
<Content>Spectacular Hotel in a Spectacular City My wife and I love to travel to Europe, and we picked the Swissotel Berlin based upon Tripadvisor reviews. We were not disappointed. The hotel was clean and elegant without being overbearingly stuffy. All of the staff was courteous, pleasant, and spoke english better than the majority of people I see locally in the US!The hotel location is excellent, within comfortable walking distance of several train stations (S-Bahn and U-Bahn). I enjoyed being close to the Kaiser Wilhelm Church, an 1870's monument that was largely destroyed during WWII. The ruined church looks beautiful in the lights of the city!There is a lot of rich history to the city, as well as many contemporary urban and artistic experiences. We thoroughly enjoyed our trip, and would definitely stay in the Swissotel again!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Paul_J_Anderson
<Content>Great Service, Spotless Hotel having stayed in the Swissotel in london and having a very comfortable stay the Swissotel in Berlin had a lot to live up to. I had read some comments from other readers about the not very friendly or helpfull staff and had this at the back of my mind.What a myth blown out into orbit. the staff were impecable from the very polite and happy checking in people to Charles the bar man. The room was not the biggest room in the world but sufficiend for a city hotel, it was immaculately clean and I think the decoration was very nice. The expresso coffee machine was also a welcome treat fantastic coffee.The bathroom was fantastic lots of mnarble and good tiles, a walk in wet floor shower and a very good lit mirror. The bathroom was absolutely spotless too.What more can I say 2 nights spent in a very spotless hotel, in the centre of the city with nice staff. It may have cost a little over what we were expecting for a lads weekend away but when you look at what you get for an extra few pounds its well worth it.I would definately use this hotel again  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mister.c.
<Content>10 out of 5! Ok, so in writing a small review I am taking the easy way out a little bit, but it makes a pleasant change as I tend to go on a bit when I pen my reviews!Believe all the positives; this place is the best hotel I've stayed in, and its all at a decent price! If you think you'll use the executive lounge then do so, and please dont hesitate about booking here. It is a fantastic hotel, with fantastic staff and in a fine location, close to the underground. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Himelda
<Content>Great Hotel We got a great rate for this hotel: 120 euros including breakfast. i was scared we would not have a nice room but the room was fantastic, the breakfast excellent, the location hard to beat and the staff most impressive. This is the place to stay in Berlin.Its a modern hotel with modern furniture and a stilish decor. The breakfast room has a great view of the city and a great atmosphere. Rooms are large and the decor and furnishings are very nice. There is easy and convenient transportation and lots of restaurants and shopes in the neighborhood.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joan-ed
<Content>Everything I expected. My daughter and I selected this hotel on our recent trip to Berlin because it was No. 2 on Trip advisor and we got a great rate on the hotel's own website. Every review was favourable and I am going to add to that!! The room was comfortable,clean,and very quiet. The staff were very helpful and friendly,attending to any request quickly. We liked having the coffee machine and fridge in the room and turndown was nice to return to in the evening with the classical music and chocolate on the pillow! The hotel is close to a main station-Zoo, for getting out and about. There are good areas within walking distance for food and drink in the evening as well. We would recommend the Berlin walking tours.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chav69
<Content>Service with a smile Well, what can I add that already hasn't been said on the other reviews. Me and my partner originally checked in for 3 nights in August under a great rate from Expedia. However our flight back was cancelled due to the security situation last week and we only learned this after we had checked out. The desk staff made a great effort to help us find an alternative method back to the UK as we ideally need to be back the next day. After a number of calls to rental companies and train companies and finding out that Eurostar was charging a small fortune we came to rather obvious conclusion that we should spend another night at the hotel, upon which the staff kept our great rate and immediately upgraded us to an executive room.Did I tell you they also left a cake in my room on my birthday?The attention to detail in this hotel is superb and being a seasoned world traveller I am not easily impressed. However the Swissotel really exceeded all my expectations and I would go out of my way to stay there again. The staff are certainly the prize asset. I'll be checking their website out to see where the other Swissotels are located immediately.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hairdo
<Content>very nice hotel We stayed at this hotel for a long weekend from 4th august.This was a suprise birthday presant for my husband so I was very keen that we stayed in a really nice hotel.I chose it because of the reviews on tripadviser and feel that it was a very good choice.The hotel was very comfortable and the staff very friendly.Just one tip though allthough it states breakfast is untill 10.30 be warned at dead on 10.30 they completly clear the buffet away.We arrived in the early hours of the morning so we didnt get down for breakfast untill 10.15 . As our tariff did not include breakfast we payed a lot of money for very little. Having said that we would stay there again but there are lots of little cafes that serve very good breakfast for a fraction of the cost  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NKDEVLIN
<Content>Faultless hotel Stayed at this fabulous hotel for 4 nights from 3rd August. I entirely agree with every review written. We could not fault this hotel, from the minute we walked in until we left we were impressed with the attention to detail. The quality of the staff throughout our stay was a credit to this hotel. The small details such as a welcome orientation, fruit and soft drinks on reception, free shooters at the bar, beautiful bath robes, coffee machine in the beautiful bedroom, huge walk in shower, piped audio from tv in bathroom, two large duvets on double bed so no fighting over one!!! made this stay special. Can't think of anything to moan about and cant praise Swissotel highly enough. By the way the italian restaurant 'Japiano' directly opposite is well worth a visit.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ch9nem
<Content>Top Class I've rarely felt compelled to write an hotel review but the stay we've just experienced was really top class.The atmosphere here is wonderful and the service is attentive without being over the top as it can be in so many other top hotels. All the staff we met were a real credit to the hotel - they couldn't do enough for us.The upgrade to the exec floor is definitely recommended, even if you don't plan on drinking and eating your money's worth!Next time I need to stay in Berlin i'll look no further - it's a faultless place.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StarMonkeys
<Content>Basically perfect! It's difficult to be original when reviewing this hotel, since after our stay there I can only repeat how flawless the service was, how spacious and well-designed the rooms were, and what a great location the hotel enjoys. The staff in particular were wonderful: always friendly, never arrogant or difficult (unlike in other, grander hotels), and often falling over themselves to be helpful, they made the stay most enjoyable. Coupled with a fantastic contemporary design and rooms in which every convenience seemingly had been taken care of -- top points to TV soundtrack in the bathroom and the espresso machine -- this makes the Swissotel somewhere I would definitely recommend, and a place to which I'd love to return.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlip
<Content>All the reviews are accurate! We just returned from 8 nights at this hotel. After reading all the glowing reviews and finding a special Expedia rate for $150/night US, including taxes and fees, I didn't bother to look further. What a good choice.The hotel is beautifully modern, rooms are spacious and comfortable, and during a hot summer week, the air conditioning worked flawlessly. We did not go for the upgrade since we were gone all day every day.The staff could not have been more friendly or courteous or helpful. The hotel is around the corner from the main shopping St. in Berlin, and a 5 minute walk to one of the main subway stations in Berlin which is also the drop off point for the X9 express bus from Tegel International Airport - a 20 minute ride for 2.1 euros.When asked for some restaurants within walking distance, the staff sent us @15 minutes walking to a beautiful, tree lined, traffic free, extremely quiet neighborhood with choices for excellent German, Italian, and French - all witin a few short blocks of eachother - and all reasonably priced.I could go on and on. There is simply nothing not to like here!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OzBoy74
<Content>Highly Recommended! I stayed in a normal room on the 8th floor btw Jul1-Jul4 and was very impressed by this hotel - the rooms and the facilities are great but the staff were the most impressive - just outstanding! The breakfast was sensational. The location was excellent.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sooooooooooo Gooooooooooo       Breakfast in Bed (HUGE)  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>israelifamily
<Content>Swiss : clean and neat We had a great stay. Staff were outgoing. the room was perfect, more than u can expect.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Parkin01
<Content>Fantastic My boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel for three nights at the end of May and were impressed by the level of customer service. We had a problem with our room after the first night (the door wouldn't lock) and we were immediately offered an upgrade and the staff couldn't have been more apologetic.The rooms are spacious and well equiped with a separate shower and bath.The hotel as a whole is superb. The staff are attentive and the concierge had plenty of recommendations for places to eat. Breakfast was included in our room rate and there was an excellent choice from cooked breakfast to smoked salmon, hams and cheeses to fruit, yoghurt and a range of pastries. Although one word of warning, breakfast finishes at 10.30am and they start clearing the food away immediately!The hotel also has two nice bar areas; you are given a token for two free shooters on arrival which most people seem to take advantage of!!The hotel is located close to Zoo station (about a 3 min walk) and it is easy to navigate your way around Berlin from the hotel. There is also a U Bahn station right outside the hotel.If you are travelling into Berlin from Schoenefeld airport, I would recommend taking the airport express train into Berlin which stops at four major stations in the centre and only costs 2 Euros.I would have no difficulty in recommending this hotel and would stay there again should we return to Berlin.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>summers_slayer
<Content>Fantastic Location with 1st Class Service. Impressed! I stayed here last December for a 3 night break and I am not easily impressed, but I have to say this is the best hotel I've ever stayed in.The staff including reception, concierge and bar staff were friendly, couldn't be more helpful and were incredibly attentive.I had upgraded our room the day before leaving to an executive room and it really was worth the extra money!The room was fantastic with a view out over the city. The bathroom was huge with the biggest bath I've ever seen and a seperate shower. The room also had everything you would ever want: hair-dryer, stereo, iron, safe, mini-bar and ice bucket, body lotions, ear buds, slippers and dressings gowns to name but a few! I particularly loved the turn-down service provided in the evenings, however be careful with housekeeping. They do not wait on you to answer when they knock on your door and just walk on in, so I kept the do not disturb sign on when I was in the room.The executive lounge was also great with drinks (alcohol and non) and snacks available all day. If you had an upgrade, you could have breakfast there too.The drinks in the bar were priced just the same as most bars in Berlin, but they have an extensive cocktail list if you fancied a treat and they provided a bar menu until quite late. I especially recommend the club sandwich!The location was perfect with the hotel being on one of Berlin's main shopping streets, with a Christmas market across the road and the doormen were more than happy to call you a taxi if you needed one or the concierge was there to provide you with maps and directions.If I'm ever in Berlin again, I'll definately be staying there!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>member from
<Content>Great hotel We would recommend this hotel. Good location, very helpful staff and excellent facilities. Our price didn't include breakfast which was pricey but the total price was still acceptable. The restaurant straight across the road- self service Italian - was fun to eat in. The Earl Grey tea in the hotel lounge is first rate! They even bring a tea-timer so that it is brewed for just the right amount of time.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>miramol
<Content>Highly recommended This was our first trip to Berlin and we booked the Swissotel through Expedia. It is well worth upgrading to the executive floors as you have access to the lounge until 10pm and can help yourselves to drinks (alcoholic and non) during the day and snacks are also provided.( If you are vegetarian ask and they will get a veggie snack for you.)The rooms are pleasant and staff very friendly and helpful. The hotel is only a few minutes walk to the Zoo Bahnhof which makes travel around the city and to and from Schonefeld airport very easy.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BuffDundee
<Content>Attentive Staff My wife and I stayed for 4nights in early May and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. On arrival one of the Receptionists asked if we had stayed before, we replied no, so she gave us a pleasant induction to the facilities, how to work the lift, times of meals etc. The breakfast room was well 'stocked' with a large choice of foods which set us up for the day. The room was comfortable with a superb bathroom. We will certainly stay again.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>natbro
<Content>Wonderful hotel We stayed at the Swissotel for 2 nights. Service was fabulous. Our wonderful espresso machine wasn't working so I called for help. He arrived at our door instantaneously to fix it. I just happened to mention that I liked a cup of tea now and then, and poof! there was a fellow at the door with a hot pot. We used room service a couple of times. Prices were very reasonable and food was delivered on a cart/table which was very convenient. The bathroom had a separate shower as well as a bathtub. The bedroom was smallish, but planned out so well ( ironing board stowed behind the mirror, built-in umbrella holder,etc) that we didn't notice the small size. The location was great- very close to the zoo subway/train station. Breakfast was included in our rate and it was really great. Hot foods, cold meats and cheeses, smoked salmon, all kinds of pastries, fruits, cereals, etc,etc. There were two computers available behind the concierge's desk, with no charge for using the internet; one with an american keyboard. The only negative for me was the very firm platform bed, But that is a personal preference. This hotel would definitely be our first choice if we visit Berlin again.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Clerkenwell
<Content>Stag Do We stayed her for three nights to celebrate a friend's stag weekend. The service was excellent and unobtrusive; the price was ridiculously good, considering the location and facilities and the price was fantastic (I still don't understand how we got a twin room for $120 per night). I would stay again.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IrelandQwerty
<Content>seriously classy hotel This is one of the best hotels I have stayed in, it compares with all the five star hotels.It is modern with a friendly and unobtrusive staff. The rooms are state of the art with modern solid furniture and all business requirements. You could literally live in the room with the room service! The room service is the best i have ever experienced. The restaurant is good but a little overpriced. Everything works in this hotel and it is a surprisingly calm place to stay in busy west berlin.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Englanderin
<Content>Nice Hotel This hotel is well placed for visting the sights (or sites) with easy access to Zoo Station and the underground. Staff are pleasant and the rooms comfortable.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GlobeRoamer
<Content>Another Great Easter Break MY third time to stay at this very centrally located hotel. Destined to a business traveller the rooms are well appointed, not huge, but comfortable. The bathroom is small but so well designed that all works in a way that makes up for its lack of space. The common areas are well designed and comfortable. I have found all staff to be extremely helpful and friendly. The main restaurant have quite experimental cuisine that can be as self concious as it is expensive - though good. If you are staying as a group with a few rooms make sure to request you all stay on the same floor as your key card must be swiped in the elevator only giving you access to one floor. It is a real pity that they have removed the steam room from the health centre on the ground floor this had been a real plus in the past. A hotel of this level really misses a pool. There is a very good gym accross the street. I found the best rate on their own site. Will definately continue to stay here on my trips to Berlin.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SBCATraveler
<Content>Great Location In Berlin The Swissotel is in a great location in Berlin. Easy to walk to many sites and if not a taxi stand was right outside the door of the hotel. The hotel was recently built, so everything is new and comfortable. The best part of the hotel is the staff, very helpful and attentive. We would definitely stay at the Swissotel again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent friendly service We actually went with a little trepidation to this hotel despite some good reviews in Tripadvisor as we had had bad experiences in Germany before with food and accomodation.From the moment we arrived however we were made very welcome. I speak only a smattering of German, but the staff were all very fluent and willing to use English. We were personally escorted by the reception staff to our room. We were paying for the executive floor which came with an manned open bar, breakfast and inclusive snacks. The food was delicious and the host of the executive room very generous with drinks. We certainly had our money's worthThe room was averaged sized for a European city hotel, very well decorated and spotless. We ate one main meal in the hotel. It was excellent and again the service was very friendly.Woudl definitely return. I felt we had a bargain  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Edinburghtraveller
<Content>great hotel We stayed at this hotel on the executive floor. The package was excellent value. Room was small but had everything we wanted. The executive lounge was well stocked with every drink you could want and snacks, some quite substantial. We had our evening meal there once after a tiring day sightseeing. The restaurant 44 was a pleasant surprise- as good as any hotel restaurant we have ever used. Best of all all the staff were friendly and helpful and the room was spotlessly clean. Taxi from Tegel is about 12 Euros. The airport bus stops 100metres from the hotel and takes about half an hour. Ku'damm fantastic for shopping and some sights, and all sightseeing easy with the metro, right beside the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>theboyb
<Content>Fantastic stay.....       Standard room  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Eti
<Content>Most unwelcoming hoteI I have been in for years I booked this hotel through the Internet, but was very dissapointed when I got there. You do not enter the looby directly but have to get there by elevator. The whole interior and the rooms are very modern, which I usually like, but here it creates an impersonal atmosphere.I booked an expensive executive room, for a business trip, and to my surprise the room was tiny and there was a probelm with the heating which took hours to get fixed.Most unpleasant was the feeling I had there of total lack of warmth, from the staff (mostly inexperienced) and the decoration. Very unwelcoming overall.I left immediately the next morning and 1 month later I discovered they had booked my room rate twice on my credit card. I had to go through several calls and faxes before the problem was finally solved and I was re-imbursed. I will surely never go there again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>joshua-bwi
<Content>Flawless... Stayed here for a 3 night trip to Berlin. I must say that the service at this hotel was flawless. It was one of the best properties that I have ever stayed at while traveling in Europe. The staff was attentive, anticipated our needs, and was responsive to any request without delay. Valet parking and bell service was without delay. The room was spotless and the bathroom was great with seperate bathtub and shower. Minibar could have had more selection and the mattress was on the hard as a board side. Those issues were very minor and I learned that if we had requested a room with a soft mattress, it was available.Needless to say, I was impressed.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mil4d
<Content>Impeccable We were given a very warm welcome when we arrived at the lobby of the Swissotel. It is a rather unusual set up whereby you have to get into a lift to go up to the reception area for check in. The lady at the reception greeted us as soon as we got out of the lift and the check in was quick, without any hassle. The room is large and comfortable. We love the bathroom, very modern and clean. If you are a espresso lover, well this is for you. There is an espresso machine in the room. It is easy to use and the quality of the espresso produce by the machine is good. A very thoughtful gesture on the part of the hotel, by providing a good range of stationery for the guest in the room and you can use the keyboard to send email in the room.The location is great, within walking distant to the Christmas market and all the nice shops. In fact, we walked to the Tiergarten and beyond, to the Berlin wall, Check point Charlie etc. As for restaurants, there are a few very nice restaurants nearby, especially the ones referred to by the hotel.We really enjoyed our breakfast there. The yoghurt is great. A great selection of pastries, breads, fruits, salads, cold meat (great smoked salmons), and lots more.We will gladly stay here again and if in doubtful, we will choose to stay in Swissotel in other cities.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Joizee_HD
<Content>A nice hotel but not really as good as most here make it out to be! We just stayed at the hotel over the weekend and I picked the hotel basically because of the ratings on here. I wanted to have a nice two days of shopping and relaxing in Berlin with my girlfriend. I won't bother writing about all the positive things already mentioned by other reviewers. I'll focus on what disappointed. When we arrived, we were offered a free drink voucher to use at the bar. Unfortunately, this is not for a drink of choice but a pre-mixed, horribly sweet concoction out of the depths of the fridge. It's nothing worth remembering and we were kind of disappointed by this. Further, when we did get up to the room, we were disappointed about how small it was. We had a basic double, but the same type of room at the Inter-Conti or SchweizerHof in Berlin is much bigger. Everyone was so excited about the espresso machine. Folks, it's really not a big deal and the coffee provided really isn't that good! Further, the bathroom is boring and nothing out of the ordinary. The location is good if you are up for shopping on the Kudamm right outside, but where it's at right now is Mitte, and that's too far from this hotel! Finally, the average age of the clientel is significantly higher than expected. On a weekend, I would guess the average age to be somewhere around 40. Maybe we simply caught a bad weekend but we felt like there were only senior citizens in the house. Long story short, a very nice hotel and nothing negative to really say. There just really wasn't anything that impressed me that much and I am very surprised to see this hotel at the top of the list.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tschye
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I had a very pleasant stay from 5th Feb to 8th FebThe location was ideal with easy access to the subway and not too far from the Zoologischer Garten Station Hence it was easy to move around the cityThe staff were all very helpful and friendly Breakfast was great!Good place to stay  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>flinny
<Content>Just as good as we remembered We went back to Berlin in January after an excellent few days in August and chose the Swissotel because we had enjoyed our stay there so much in the summer. We were so delighted that everything at the Swissotel was as good as we remembered. The executive lounge was worth every euro and can't wait to return to Berlin and the SWISSOTEL.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wllopez
<Content>Great hotel, great location My husband and I stayed at Swissotel Berlin between Christmas and New Year's. The hotel staff are absolutely wonderful! We stayed on the executive club floor and found it worth the extra money. The executive lounge had a lovely breakfast and very attentive wait staff. The only negatives we found were a very firm bed (fine if your back can take it) and a broken espresso machine in our room (we complained, but it never got fixed). Overall, the hotel is wonderful and the location makes a nice home base for exploring the city (right next to a major train and subway station and GREAT shopping).  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KSergey
<Content>It's a wonderful hotel       Ku-damm at night  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TraceyMcM
<Content>The Swissotel Berlin was perfect... We stayed here in late Dec 05 for the German Christmas Markets with my parents for two nights. From the moment we arrived, we were greeted with professional, happy and lovely staff and surroundings. The reception and its staff were so great and assigned us rooms near to each other. It was our 4th wedding anniversay and that gave us an upgrade and on the actual day of our anniversay, gave us chocolate and bottle of champagne in our room. So thoughtful!The rooms were absolutely stunning. Really beautiful and modern, plenty of room and the separate bath and shower was an unexpected surprise.The location is great too. You are 1 minute from a train stop (and the trains are very easy to use). However, you can easily walk around the area for loads of shopping, food and sights.Berlin was a great city to visit, they had a Christmas Market that is rated in Top 3 in Berlin just around the corner. And we said at the end of our trip that we thought it was the best. So, the stay in Swissotel ticked all of our boxes.I would definately recommend this hotel for a great stay in Berlin.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ricechrisb
<Content>Best hotel I've stayed in From the moment I arrived at the Swissotel Berlin the welcome was smiley and warm. They try their utmost to make you feel at home.The decor in the reception and rooms is contemporary, modern and clean, no clutter as everything seems to have been very well thought out. The room was a good size for two people and we were very comfortable there. There were interesting pieces of modern art decorating the walls as well. Staying for two nights we took full advantage of the room service which was tasty, generous and not too overpriced either. Perfect to start the day or if you get peckish late at night (try the club sandwich).I'd recommend this hotel for anything from business to romantic trips away. I cannot fault this place. Great value for money!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bkfhol
<Content>Excellent location and facilities My husband and I stayed at the hotel over new year and had a great time. We flew to Tegel airport from which the 109 bus takes you opposite the hotel. A travel pass can be bought at the airport which will give you unlimited use of the buses and trains. There is a Ubahn station outside the hotel but we found it easier to walk to the Zoo station which is only about 5 minutes away and much better connected to the rest of the city.The hotel staff are very friendly and the cocktails in the bar are to be recommended! It is definately worth requesting the turndown service at night.The hotel is situated in the main shopping area and I would recommend a visit to the KaDeWe department store if only to check out the food department and champagne bars!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Newcastleknowledge
<Content>Ticked every box! I stayed at the Swissotel for three nights from the 11th of December. We chose this hotel on the strength of the reviews from other Tripadvisor users. How right you all are!We had a junior suite and requested a cot for our 15 month old daughter. Location: Perfect! We wanted to go to the Christams markets, visit the KaDeWe, the Zoo and go for a general tour.Food: Breakfast! Kept us going most of the day.......Great choice, great service......Service: The staff are excellent as indicated by other users. No snottiness as you might expect from a 5* hotel.......Rooms: Perfect, loved the bathroom........bed very comfortable.......nice touches like the hand written weather forecast and a mini toblerone and teddy bear for the baby!Value for money: Scandalous! Where can you get value like this in the UK???The hotel is superb and Berlin is a first class city break...........will be booking for next December as soon as the Easyjet flights become available.Thankyou Swissotel and Berlin.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lou78
<Content>Great Hotel in a Fab Location I booked a 3 night trip to the Berlin Swissotel for a suprise Christmas trip for my Fiance and was really glad I did. Good location on the Ku'damm right near the U Bahn and Zoo Station. Very friendly and helpful staff nothing was to much trouble. Lovely room on the executive floor with comfy beds, marble bathroom and turndown service. The executive lounge is great for champagne and nibbles before heading out for dinner (included in the price of the room!!) The breakfast was to die for and if staying on the executive floor it's included in the rate, you have the choice of dinning in the main restaurant, executive lounge or room service which I highly recommend (they even bring you your own toaster!!). All in all one of the best hotels I have stayed in and I am usually quite hard to please. Check out there own website for the best deals - could not belive the price I paid.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DavidMooney
<Content>Top Class Hotel I have just returned from a short break in this splendid hotel. Great value for money, good location,great breakfast and very accomdating staff. The rooms are very modern and the bathroon was really excellent.If you are traveling to Berlin you should check out the deals in this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hxdirect
<Content>Can't wait to go back!! My husband and I and our 2 teenage daughters are just back from a wonderful long weekend in Berlin. What helped make it really special was the luxury of the Swissotel.From the moment we stepped in through the main door the service was perfect. Checking in was easy and the receptionist took great pains to ensure we were well orientated with all the facilities on offer.We were more fortunate than one of the previous reviewers in that our girls had a twin room adjoining ours so we have no complaints there and indeed the rooms were spotless and well serviced during our stay.As far as breakfast was concerned we just could not believe the enormous choice on offer.I think the one person who was the most helpful in ensuring we had as good a break as possible was Georg the Concierge. He was a mine of information and helped book us tickets for one of the lesser known shows in the city and he recommended a particular authentic German restaurant called Leibniz-Klause which was not at all touristy and whose waiting staff took great delight explaining the origins of the various dishes on offer.All in all a wonderful break.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>erniec
<Content>Loved it! We've just come back and simply loved the hotel. We upgraded late to Executive and it was worth every penny -just 45 euros per ROOM. Fantastic food and drink all through the day, all within the upgrade cost, and exceptional service. Downstairs bar staff a bit laid back but overall level of helpfulness was outstanding. Our room was really just a little small for two people, but we loved the wonderful white cotton bedding (changed each day) and the incredible attention to detail. Apart from the sleping area there was a computer work station and an excellent double bathroom together with more than ample wardrobe space. We had dinner in the restaurant one evening and the food was outstanding. Additionally the airport bus(109) stops yards from the hotel entrance and the U-Bahn stop is also moments away. It was extremely quiet yet its position could not be bettered for shops and public transport. It proved to be excellent value for money and certainly added to the pleasure of our few days in this extraordinary city.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MikePrinceton
<Content>Terrific, esp. for Business Travelers I was very impressed with every aspect of the Swissotel. My room was of average size for a city hotel, but it was designed to maximize the use of space. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the full-featured desk (well-lit, with ample power sources and internet connectivity) a delight to use. The style of the hotel may not be to everyone's liking: simple, elegant European modernism with no plush and no flourish. I loved it.The staff was extraordinarily friendly and helpful, and the public areas were comfortable and attractive.Travelers should be aware that the hotel is located in the heart of the *western* section of Berlin (Charlottenburg), which is great for shopping, less good for culture. Berlin's life now centers on the *eastern* districts and especially Mitte: the museum island the government buildings, and much of the night life is now focused there.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Loulibelle
<Content>Disappointing There were definate positive and negatives to this hotel. Overall I would not stay here again due to the cost and the lack of a comfortable atmosphere.I booked two rooms and emailed the hotel in advance asking for rooms as close together as possible. They replied swiftly assuring me that they had noted our request and had arrange for two rooms very close together.On arriving they denied all knowledge of this and had allocated two rooms two floors apart! This caused no end of problems and one evening when my younger son wanted to pop up to see my older son, resulted in him being stuck on a floor. They give you cards that only allow you to go to the floor where your room is located which is good for personal safety but they gave us additional cards so that we could all go to both floors. However these cards don't work properly and my poor 12 yr old son was stuck on the top floor and got so worried that it didn't cross his mind that he could go down the lobby. He made 3 calls to reception and no-one offered him any help. Finally he realised he might be able to go down, so got in the lift and went to reception. Not one word of apology for the cards not working properly and for them not giving him any assistance. If any families are booking here I would be very careful about be allocated different floors. And whatever age your child is, don't allow them to use the lift system on their own...even if they are teenagers.On arriving one room was turned down and had fruit and a note from the manager welcoming us, the other room hadn't been touched. A call to the manager ensured the arrival of someone to sort the room out.The safe also jammed in one of the rooms but they did attend to this swiftly and apologised.The rooms are comfortable and the bathroom was really lovely. There is plenty of space to hang clothes but unfortunately only a coffee making machine in the room.We used quite a lot of the mini bar but found that we weren't ripped off by the prices.The other big let down is the lounge area. It took over 20 minutes for me to get a small glass of red wine and there was only me and two other guests there!And then I was ripped off by being charged 12 euros for a very small glass of wine. I didn't notice until I got home because my husband paid the bill when he arrived back at the hotel.I found the hotel functional, but for the price had a distinct lack of customer focus. I guess they don't feel they need to make an effort.We used the lounge of the Kempinski Bristol which has a lovely blazing fire and soft sofas.I wouldn't stay here again  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Cazwario
<Content>Best breakfast in bed ever This is a wonderful hotel. Not particularly unique or characterful but incredibly attentive to service, like Ive never experienced before.You get an 'orientation' of the hotel when you arrive from the receptionist where they carefully explain the layout, how to operate the lifts, etc. all delivered as if its the first time they've said it and not the 1000th.Rooms nice, liked having a separate bath and shower which you dont always get nowadays. Everything in the room that you could need, and the espresso machine is a nice touch.Make sure you ask for the turndown service even if arriving late. You get robes on the bed, slippers, mat, chocolate on the pillow and even a handwritten weather forecast for the next day!However my greatest praise is for the breakfast. This is the best breakfast in bed I have ever had. I have to confess me and my husband ticked just about everything on the doorcard in a bit of a drunken hungry state. We thought we'd get charged loads extra seeing as we'd ticked so much, but no, nothing extra as our room included breakfast. It arrived on a massive trolley and included waffles with strawberries and syrup, eggs, yoghurt, fresh bread with our own toaster(!), pastries, meat, cheese, a cooked breakfast, sparkling wine... you name it, we got it. Delicious! I would stay here again for the breakfast alone!My only gripe was for the hotel bar. The staff ignored customers for so long that people had to shout for service, and were a bit surly.Other than that its fab, great location too. If you want some authentic German food they recommended a great restaurant just 2 minutes round the corner from the hotel, cant remember the name but the staff should know it.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Groncho
<Content>Above average stay - smoke filled environment only negative Great location. Nice rooms. Good bathroom (although shower pressure weak - a German problem). Very friendly staff. Good internet access (althrough not broadband).The big negative - Smoking!!!Although we booked through Expedia a non-smoking room, Swissotel do not have any in Berlin. Rooms however were cleaned thoroughly and ventilated so that we didnt suffer. The rather compact Bar/lounge/Lobby/Reception combined area was a big problem for non-smokers as there was no way to avoid the natives puffing on their pipes, cigars, cigarettes etc... A few UK visitors who smoked went into overdrive and puff away like there's no tomorrow. A trully unusual sight for the average UK visitor (ordinarily non-smokers). This area was very uncomfortable for my wife who is pregnant. US, Scandinavian, Scottish, Irish and Italians would have gone ballistic by these conditions!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>duke_clar
<Content>quality in good modern setting Stayed in a standard room for 4 nights in Nov 2005. Would have rated ***** but gym not adequateLocation: Close to the zoo, quiet district, facing a subway stop, less 10 mins away from all major sights. Room: Spacious. Clean. Well decorated with modern furniture. Well equipped (bar,ironing board, complimentary espresso machine,etc.). Bathroom very clean and spacious.Facilities: Nice bars and lobby. Clean small gym (with sauna, tanning machine...) but not well equipped for workoutService: Excellent. Extremely nice and very helpful people (reception, concierge, valet, etc.)  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>longmore
<Content>Swissotel was great We have just spent 5 nights at the Swissotel - and really enjoyed our stay. The hotel seemed to be majority business clients, but was still very comfortable for our leisure break. The room was very clean, and was great to have a shower and a big bath tub. All the staff we came into contact with were very friendly. The bar area was pleasant, with a warm and welcoming ambience. The hotel was in a really good location, just minutes from the Zoo station. I would definitely consider staying here again - it certainly lived up to other peoples positive reviews.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PhGAR
<Content>Good as long as you don't pay the full price I had never been to the Swiss hotel in berlin, so decided to give it a go.It is as clean as you expect a 4/5 star hotel to be.Staff was very good, but that has always been my experience in Germany.The rooms were quiet and well appointed, although not particuarly luxurious. The bathroom was small.The spa was clean and well provided for, although the gym was more of a corridor with a few machines threwn in than a suitable exercising place.I am afraid the the KuDam has never been my favourite place in Berlin, so the location was not what I would see as the hotel strong point. There is a strong feeling that the center of Berlin is now shifting back towards unter den Linden, and I would recommend to anyone travelling to Berlin to look for a hotel in that area, and avoid at all costs the dreadfully commercial and dull area around the Zoologisher station.In short, I would not stay there again, but would rather look for something less corporate, closer to Unter den Linden. At any rate I would not stay there unless paying only 50% of the listed price. There are plenty of offers on the net for that hotel  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Portugal_Paul
<Content>Excellent Location, Service, Quality and Price I stayed there from 11 to the 14th of Nov. One of the best internet booking prices for a Berlin 5 Star hotel (120 Euros, including taxes, very good breakfast and free Health-Club Access).Rooms are spacious and very well equipped (for example a spacious shower AND a large bathtub). Room service, wake-up call and house keeping are quick and efficient.Reception and concierge go out of there way to make you feel welcome and solve any problem or request you may have.The two bars are well equipped and with a good ambiance.Stuff is always smiling and speaks excellent English.For shopping just go around the corner (famous Kudamm Avenue) or 3 blocks to the world famous KaDeWe department store.Taxis are 24/7 in front of the door. Public transport is around the corner (Buses, tube and tram).Very safe area even late at night.Cheap taxi ride (7-8 Euro) takes you to all the other new attractions (around the district called Mitte).Was initially hesitation between this very recent Swissotel and either the Hyatt (very impersonal area) or the Interncontinental (darker part of downtown and an older hotel)Will definitely stay at the Swissotel again and recommend it to all my friends.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bobgardiner
<Content>remarkable value We've just returned from 1 week in swissotel, Berlin, (Nov 4-11). Spotlessly clean rooms, comfortable and convenient. Restaurant one of the best we've ever eaten in, staff professional, friendly and efficient. Executive deal fantastic. Breakfast quiet and comfortable in exec. lounge - more comprehensive in restaurant. The soups, ham, wines, bread, choclate - available almost all day in the exec. lounge very good. Position is very central. Outside rooms have interesting view. Strongly recommended - many good deals available.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>penguinsix
<Content>Modern and Clean in the heart of Berlin Have always enjoyed great stays here. Last trip was on the Executive floor which gave me access to the lounge for free food and snacks, which I found quite useful. Hotel is centrally located to many things in Berlin. Very modern rooms. BBC  CNN for English speakers. Definitely would stay again. Internet fees were a bit high, but aren't they always...  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Young families welcome 3 year olds aren't made welcome in all 5 star hotels, but we wanted to stay here, not least because of the good reviews on tripadvisor, and we didn't regret it. We were upgraded to an enormous room, with double foldaway bed. It was just the right side of minimal design to feel confortable, but still very refined, great state of the art CD Player (but take your own CDs- their selsction was poor) and the infamous LAvazza coffee machine was spot on, especially accompanied by the toblerones (well it is the Swissotel) brought at turndown.Our 3 year old even got his own infant bath robe and slippers.the restaurant is superb- real cutting edge european cusine and a fantastically imaginative vegetarian menu in a child welcome, but really cool environment.Location wise, its a striaghtforward 3 minute walk from the Zoo garden station with direct link to airports and the S bahn system. You really can't go wrong here.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>urbanguy1974
<Content>Good overall, but gym was a joke Pluses(1) Good location just off the main shopping street(2) Great deals available during the summer - good value for money in comparison with similar-class hotels in other major European cities(3) Tasty buffet breakfastsMinuses(1) Tiny, windowless Amrita Fitness Center with limited equipment (e.g. 1 treadmill). The facility was disappointing relative to the description given on the hotel's website.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly Excellent Just come back from a 3 night stay in Berlin and the Swissotel was the perfect choice. Everything you'd expect from a five star hotel but at much better prices than you pay in London.The rooms were spotless, breakfast excellent (large buffet style heaps of choice including good old bacon and eggs!), staff incredibly friendly and helpful.Would definately recommend thsi hotel 100% and also Berlin as a city break destination. Gret fun and great people.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Delite7
<Content>Worth Every Penny!! We chose the Swissotel thanks to reviews in Tripadvisor!!! We stayed there for 8 days and had a wonderful time. We chose to pay a bit more for access to the Executive Lounge, which was well worth it!! The staff are absolutely excellent!! The location is great, just off the Ku'dam. Our room was comfy and quiet. I will definitely stay there again!! *****If you stay there, don't forget to dine at Restaurant 44. It's one of Berlin's TOP restaurants and it's right in the hotel. The food is divine and the service is impeccable!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Location, Great Service Chose this hotel thanks to Tripadvisor reviews and were not at all disappointed. The 109 bus from Tegel airport stops virtually outside the door and it's only 2 blocks from the Zoo main bus/rail station. We were on the Executive floor - definitely worth the extra for all day free snacks and drinks in the Lounge. Buffet breakfast is comprehensive and the dinner menu is lovely. Very attentive staff. Would certainly try this chain again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HighFlyer2
<Content>Great hotel! This is a great place to stay - very classy and stylish. The entrance/lobby area is unusual and the chic, modern theme is continued in the bedrooms. The welcome at Reception was particularly pleasant, personal and informative and good service generally seems to be a feature of the hotel. The meal in the elegant restaurant was very good, though rather expensive, and here too service was excellent. Free Internet access is available in the lobby. The hotel is well situated for the shops and the Zoo railway station.Breakfast at the hotel was very expensive so I ate at a nice restaurant/bar at a third of the hotel price (left outside the hotel and first left, then it's on the left after ca. 300 metres).The hotel is expensive though off-peak deals can be found. I paid 拢97.50/night but I have recently seen 拢39.33 (room only) for December and January.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>icyoubaby
<Content>Super hotel, greatlocation! This is a top class hotel in a great location. The staff were excellent and thoroughly attentive. The coffee machine in the room was a great extra. Will definately be back. Got a great deal on expedia...cant believe the quality we got for the price we paid!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>The Innocent Man
<Content>Top hotel in a wonderful city. We visited Berlin for 4 nights in September 2005. The city was better than I had hoped for, with so much happening. My only regret is that I didn鈥檛 manage to see the city before the wall came down in 1989 鈥?the comparison with today would have been illuminating. Make sure that you visit Check Point Charlie, and the area around there 鈥?it鈥檚 probably the best place to see what the city was like under the old regime.The Hotel is excellent, with clean rooms and an excellent breakfast. We paid a little extra to enjoy the Executive Lounge 鈥?I strongly recommend this to anyone staying at this hotel 鈥?a top facility, and worth every penny. The location is also good, with a 5 minute walk to the Zoo Station, where frequent express buses run to the airport, or a 2 minute walk to an underground train station. Even with the Executive Lounge added on, this was a very reasonably priced hotel 鈥?great value for money. We will certainly visit Berlin again, and we will certainly stay in this hotel when we do.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>highfly
<Content>Glad we took advice from tripadvisor Just back from 3 night stay in Swissotel on recommendation of tripadvisor reviews and it was a superb choice. The hotel was stylish and spotless. The room was first class - loved the expresso machine, the mini toblerones at night and the lovely bathroom. We stayed in an executive room and would highly recommend it. We had great evenings and met some really nice people. Loved the wines, especially the sparkling, and even had Remy Martin for a nightcap. Excellent cheeses, soups and parma ham, olives etc too. Breakfast in the dining room was a treat - wide choice of everything - more breadsand juices than I have had before and the nicest boiled eggs ever. Delicious bircher muesili.Hotel staff all very helpful, and location good for k'damm, bus tours, public transport and great shops - especially the huge Ka de We. All in all a lovely base and great value.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great for valentines break! we stayed there for valentines weekend and it is the most amazing city hotel i've ever been to, and trust me, i've been to a few. our suite was excellent, the food was excellent, the experience was wonderful. berlin is a wonderful city and this hotel serves to complement it.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Travelgnome
<Content>Stay Here - Fabulous Hotel in Berlin - A Real Jewel This hotel really knows how to treat both the business traveler and the tourist. The reception desk was very friendly even pointing out features of the hotel upon check-in. The coincerage was terrific - their suggestions were excellent and helpful. Complimentary newspapers are provided every morning. The room was spacious and immaculate. The doormen were very polite and helpful too. This hotel's location is excellent - close to shopping, restaurants and the efficient U-Bahn (metro). There is a lounge on the reception level which is very inviting and you don't have to purchase anything to sit there! Everything was well organized and well run. We would definitely stay there again and highly recommend this hotel to any visitor to Berlin.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelBug128
<Content>Loved it Location - perfect, 5 minutes walk from the Zoo train station which made getting in Berlin by train, and joining walking tours very easy; the hotel is right on K'damm, U-bahn stations in front of hotel. Airport buses stop across the street. The area is safe, we had to get up at 430 in the morning to catch our flight and we saw many people walking around on the street.Staff - excellent service, all spoke perfect English (and several other languages I am sure). The bellman always greeted us, and offered to help with our luggage.Room - we got an upgrade so our room was very nice, with a nice view of K'damm. Even though it faced the street we didn't hear any loud noices at all.Public areas - yes the hotel lobby was always always filled with smoke which I found annoying so we tried to walk by it really fast. We checked out the gym and sauna rooms and they were small. Restaurant - we had a nice dinner at their restaurant on our last night. Good food but again, the whole place was filled with smoke. I guess that's what we get in Europe.We were on our anniversary trip so they treated us with all kinds of surprises. We got a good deal on the Internet as well.Overall I would definitely stay at this hotel again, a 5-star hotel with a 3-star price.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>emmessduesseldorf
<Content>Mixed experience Stayed there the last weekend in August. When we arrived at around 2.00 h in the afternoon (!), our rooms weren't ready. Though we checked in our baggage had vanished when we came back two hours later. It took about thirty minutes to retrieve it. My companion couldn't be found on the list of registered guests at all, so she only got her room after quite a hussle. Next day, my card which operated in lieu of a key for the room didn't work, so I couldn't enter my room. Finally, noone of the staff helped me with my bulky luggage when I tried to carry it to a waiting taxi. The hotel certainly is okay for business (access to the internet, computers, etc.), but if you are in Berlin for leisure, try your luck elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>susanjulia
<Content>almost the most perfect hotel anywhere! This was a fabulous hotel experience! As a woman travelling alone, I could not have had a better experience concerning room (spacious, comfortable, beautiful and modern) and staff (very friendly and knowledgeable). The freebies were great (free internet behind the concierge desk and pretty good breakfasts) and the staff's command of English was very good, and I think they are also fluent in several other languages as well.  The central location is perfect and transportation is all around the hotel. However, I didn't like that sometimes late at night there was no door man at the isolated entrance (which is the floor below the lobby and requires a closed elevator to get into the hotel); this happened rarely, but is inexcusable in a city like Berlin. (As a New Yorker who travels a great deal, I'm very conscious of safety in big cities).  Also, the hotel is very big and has lots of empty lobby-floor space (full of many smokers, but it's Europe!). BUT the advertised health club is a dinky little room, crowded and unbelievably hot and the water cooler was frequently empty. Next room was a nice place to relax after exercise, but the exercise room was so tiny and hot and unpleasant and this was very frustrating, especially on a rainy morning. so I didn't want to go anymore. There's no pool or jacuzzi, and if you're eating a lot you really need a place to exercise!  By the way, in my opinion, Berlin is really overrated, in comparison with a lot of cities. It's nice, and people are friendly, but the city needs some face lifting and graffiti cleanups.  This hotel is the best anywhere -- really! -- but I think 3 days is enough (I stayed 5). Gute Reise!!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ddoran
<Content>great service read t/a reviews and absolutely agreed with them great service from the moment we arrived wife even thanked me for choosing such a nice place give it a 5 star for overall service  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miss_smith
<Content>Gorgeous place! Just retured from a four-night stay at the Swissotel in Berlin and found it to be excellent. The staff all spoke very good English and were very helpful and also very proffesional and competent. They met all requests, provided city information and helped with lugage, etc. Rooms were very spacious and very tastefully decorated, with large bathroom. Imaculately clean. Very comfortable, with desk, TV, phones, armchairs, iron, trouser press, etc. Very central, lots of shopping near by and within walking distance of all of Berlin's attractions. Underground right next to hotel. Many restaurants and bars near by (2minutes walk). Would definitely recommed a stay here!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Angela089
<Content>A fantastic executive Lounge, not to be missed We have just returned from 4 nights at the Swissotel Berlin, chosen after reading reviews on this site. It deserves all the praise recieved. Excellent staff and spotlessly clean. Room serviced twice daily. We stayed in a Junior Suite on the 9th floor and had unlimited access to the Executive Lounge. The food on offer in the lounge was very good. The evening snack was substantial enough that, if you didn't feel like going out, easily filled you up for the evening with the free drinks on offer, a very relaxing evening could be had, if wanted. We breakfasted in the main restaurant and I have never seen better, in addition to the impressive buffet one could order pancakes, waffles, omlettes etc. Transport links were very easy for sightseeing as well as getting a train to the airport. We booked directly with the hotel and they gave us a good discount on the normal rate. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well trained staff A complimentary suite upgrade with champers  flowers for our friends who were celebrating their wedding anniversary, was just the start of a wonderful weekend stay at the Swissotel. Impressive, well trained staff, who each gave a superb service. It's worth upgrading to the executive floor for access to the executive lounge and all it's free drinks (oh, and some food too). Breakfast offers everything from humble muesli to champagne and smoked salmon.Inner room views less than impressive as you can only see.... other inner room windows, so ask for a street view. Also, be warned that the lift only allows you access to your own room floor - which makes it kind of awkward if your friends have been upgraded to a sumptuous suite on another floor!This ultra modern hotel was recommended by friends who celebrated their engagement here, and it deserves all the positive reviews it receives on this website.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eskimo
<Content>Loved Swissotel I've used Tripadvisor to book hotels across Europe, and have never been disappointed. The Swissotel adds to this unbeaten record!My husband and I stayed for four nights at the beginning of August. We got a rate of 120 Euros bed  breakfast for the Swiss Advantage Rooms through the hotel's own website. Although the room was smallish it was more than adequate and I'm glad we didn't upgrade to the Executive room. Berlin is a great city, so we found ourselves only coming back to the room to change for dinner and then bed. The breakfast was excellent, although I'm glad we got it included in our room rate and didn't have to fork out 21 Euros each every morning. The choice of fresh fruits, juices, cereals and cooked meals was excellent although be warned - breakfast ends at 10.30 and they don't allow you to sit on for much beyond that!Other reviews were right in that the hotel looks like nothing from the outside but the interior is lovely and very modern. The staff were very pleasant, with the reception staff taking you up to your room and showing you around. The concierge was pleasant and informative, and the free internet access offered is a real bonus.The hotel is excellently located. When we first got there I was concerned that we were remote but having spent some time there I realised that anywhere we would've stayed required some travel, given that the entire centre of the city is a park! There are excellent transportation connections nearby and there is a good selection of restaurants, cafes and shops nearby.All in all, I'd stay there again for sure, and would recommend it to anyone. I just hope you get better weather than we did!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nikzik
<Content>The Best the greatest hotel ever. good location, big room. clean and comfy. helpfull and polite staff. i would always look for swissotel where ever i travel  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rabatabar
<Content>Good but Room Allocation Messed Up Stay 3 night stay. Arrived later afternoon. Despite requesting a twin bedded room was given a double room and informed that it would be converted into a twin. Went sightseeing. Arrived back not converted. Housekeeping arrived and pushed the two single mattresses apart (bed frame was a double) claiming that that constituted a twin room and that the hotel did not have traditional twin bedded rooms. Not amused. Moved to a bigger room and got camp bed during which another member of staff told us that they did have twin rooms but they were all gone. Yes I know that my Expedia booking says that room types are just requests, but booked in May and expected better. Would have booked elsewhere if I'd known.Day 2 went to reception and asked if a twin was available for remainder of stay. Might be if British Airways customers didn't arrive. Asked why their twin bedded requests were being honoured but not ours. No answer. Also complained about successions of 'different stories' (lies) the previous day.Met a couple who were travelling with their son and arrived same day as us. Son was in a twin bedded room on his own.Anyway, eventually got a twin bedded room.Hotel was good, very efficient and would have been very happy had we been allocated a twin on arrival. Don't like being lied to. Staff very friendly and polite even when fobbing me off. Got a half bottle of red in recompense.So the moral -- confirm your room type at this hotel if it is important to you. Better still, hotel should allow confirmed room type when booking with the likes of Expedia and not just requests.Rating 4 on basis that above won't happen to many people.Right Said Fred pictures in lobby rather strange.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DGlass
<Content>Loved it We stayed at the Swisshotel during a 3-week, 4-country European vacation in August 2005. The Swisshotel Berlin was, by far, the best hotel we experienced during our trip. The location is excellent, the service is amazingly friendly (for example, they made up our room twice each day, and all staff members were friendly, cheerful, and helpful) and the price was very good for what you get. After staying at 5 different hotels in Spain, Germany and Denmark, the Swisshotel blew all the others away, and was a great value to boot. The only negatives: the bed was a bit small for us, but adequate (we're used to a King Size), and the breakfast was very good but probably not worth the price. Despite these, I would highly recommend staying at the Swisshotel.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jaws8
<Content>Stop talking rubbish!!! I simply can not understand some of the luke warm reviews that this hotel has had over recent weeks.The IS as good as any 5 star hotel (in fact better than most) but due to its size is available at 3 star prices.The location is second to none,the rooms superb and the service brilliant.Some people in this world seem to feel the need to complain about the smallest details that can mislead potential viewers of this site into choosing the wrong hotel.Take it from me,I have stayed in 5 star hotels all over the world,this is top notch.Coupled with what can only be described as brilliant prices for a major European capital,book it with confidence.p.s Try and get a hotel like this for under $150 in Rome,Paris or London!!!!! lol.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TanDublin_Ireland
<Content>Disappointing Swissotel We just spent 4 days last weekend in the Swissotel Berlin. Like previous reviewers, this hotel doesn't deserve the 5star ranking accredited to it. Overall, the service at the reception was good, and the breakfast was sumptuous. However, there was no turn-down service, even after we have requested for it after the first night. In addition, the acclaimed fitness and wellness center was a disappointment. The gym feels so clostophobic as there were no windows at all. Also, the lavazza coffee machine in our room didn't work at all. Overall, I think it is only worth a 4* rating - thus, I would not pay anything beyond a 4* price for it.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladywesson
<Content>like home for 3 weeks Before my husband and I left Berlin which was home for us for 2,5 years, we stayed at the Swissotel for 3 weeks after moving out of our apartment (the furniture was on the ship back to the States). The staff said, we would probably kill each other after two weeks in a standard room, so they upgraded us to a suite without additional charge. Our room had a view over Kurfuerstendamm, which was really nice, although we had to have the windows closed basically all the time due to the traffic noise (but we wanted the view for our last three weeks in Berlin). The service was awesome, the staff is extremely friendly and professional. Everything was taken care of. It was super-clean, we loved the turndown service at night and the fresh fruit on the table. The breakfast buffet left nothing to be desired. When I mentioned my gluten intolerance they brought gluten-free bread for breakfast every single morning (did I mention NO additional charge..!?). We go back for vacation next spring and will stay at this hotel again. The location is perfect - close to bus, underground and train and in walking distance to every wonderful shop, restaurant, bar or department store on Ku'Damm.We highly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow WOW, what more can I say about this hotel, it was one of the best places I have ever stayed, with friendly staff and a nice relaxed atmosphere, it is an ideal place to discover Berlin from. We took the advise of other reviewers and upgraded to the exuctive suites (money very well spent), with access to the executive lounge, with its free all day snacks and drinks, including alcohlic, it was an ideal place to start the day with breakfast. If I was to return to Berlin there is no question in my mind that I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a five star hotel We stayed here for 4 nights mainly due to some rave reviews on tripadvisor and the cheap rate with expedia (approx. 拢32 per person per night in a twin room). However, we believe the hotel only merits 5 stars if you pay extra for a Ku'dam view (30 euros extra per night per room) or go for the executive upgrade (approx 50 euros extra per night per room). Our room was very clean and the bathroom was lovely, but there was not enough wardrobe space, coathangers or pillows for 2 people. Although we expected to have an inside view we did not expect such an awful outlook ie. many hotel room windows facing us and a bleak courtyard down below. You don't receive any of the extras mentioned by other reviewers unless you upgrade which contradicts the overall five star rating given to this hotel. The hotel staff were courteous and friendly, however, and the hotel itself was spotless if a bit minimalistic and clinical as was the room which was very bare apart from just one picture on the wall.Location was okay, near to the shops and U-Bahn stop but the nearby cafes were always crowded and busy. Not an area for people who want lively nightlife though. In general, it was not the bargain it initially seemed but we got what we paid for. Next time, we would rather look for a hotel with more atmosphere.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thingummyjig
<Content>a little disappointing Elegant lounge and breakfast area, but rooms standard corporate style. Carpet stained in both rooms. No evening turndown service. Twin bedded rooms have small beds with hard mattresses. Unexciting toileteries. Would agree that this is a good 4-star and not a 5-star hotel.Price dropped on Expedia, 3 days before we were due to arrive so that we were unable to cancel our Swissotel booking and re-book through Expedia.Concierge very helpful.Exterior of the hotel spoilt by huge C  A shop at ground floor level.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dtoe5
<Content>good place to stay only if price is right Stayed for 8 nights in july . If you can stay at this hotel for no more than 120eu w/breakfast it is a good buy.21 eu each for breakfast is very expensive. Anything more is not worth the price. Found a dirty sock on check in. Had to beg the waiter in the morning for a second cup of coffee. Coffee machine in room did not work till someone came up to fix it. Two nights out of 8 had no turndown service. And a couple of nights the service came after we had gone to bed. This is not a 5* hotel. Was very disappointed after reading all the rave reviews about this hotel. Will try another hotel next time.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>2	3	-1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and clean, but not worth their five stars I stayed for two nights together with my mother, as we were visiting friends in Berlin. We booked this hotel partly because of the good reviews it has received here, and partly due to its location, which couldn't be better, right in the centre of town. All the staff were very nice, but I think the standard of the our room was below my expectations for a five-star hotel, with very thin pillows and only one spare pillow. There was no soap in our bathroom when we arrived, and only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers (we did after all have a double room), which was quickly rectified when we alerted the staff to it, but they did seem to find it very odd that we wanted two robes. The breakfast was good, but so I find most hotel breakfasts in Germany. The hotel also provides complimentary internet access to guests (behind the concierge), which was very convenient, since we wanted to check in online before leaving the hotel for the airport. I found the Swissotel Berlin a nice hotel, good value for money, but closer to four stars than five. I might stay there again, but it is definitely not on my list over hotels I really would like to visit again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>spacekid
<Content>The Swissotel is simply the best! I stayed at the Swissotel on business and it was fabulous in every way. The staff are courteous and on hand whenever you need them (they even call the lifts for you), the bar area was very swish, the rooms are gorgeous with a well stocked minibar and espresso maker, and you could eat your dinner off the bathroom floor. I used the fitness facilities and everything was spotless. The only possible grumble for me was that breakfast cost 21 euros so I opted for the room service option which was only 14 euros and arrived bang on at 6.30am. The location is great - the Ubahn station is just round the corner and you are seconds away from shopping paradise with HM, Mango, Mexx and even CA just a short walk away. I would definitely stay here again and at 63 pounds per night through Expedia, it was superb value. Love it!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay in style at the Swissotel! This hotel is quite simply the best hotel I have stayed in during my trips throughout Europe. I have to congratulate the staff for the wonderful service we received during our stay and can understand why it is the number 1 hotel in Berlin!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good value swisshotel After reading the different reviews we choosed this hotel for our three night stay, although we booked for the internet price Euros 140,- with an exelent breakfast incl. on ariving we preferred a K' dam view- room, which we obtained paying Euros 30 extra.p.n. one observation only, the top sheets were smaller then the bed.All the staff was very professional and friendly, except the ober kellner, the restaurant has an acceptable quite expensive nouvelle cuisine.Situated in the comercial west center of the city a little far from the cultural center but there is a good transportation connection. So we can recommend this hotel as a good value if you can get the special price.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok, good value if you get good offer... This is a good hotel and is is located in the heart of Berlin. My wife and I just spend a day holiday at the Hotel, and choose to do so on the back of the many fine reviews the Hotel has recieved on this web-page. Good things:1)Deluxe bathroom2)Nice location3)Good bedBad things:1)Hair in the bathtub on arrival2)Loud noice from the street, as there is a large construction of a new Hotel just infront of the main entrance, that did gave us a lot off early awakenings on weekdays from 7.am.If you can get a standard room for around 130 euros pr night its ok, but dont pay more, then I would rather see you in another Hotel in Berlin.PS:One piece of advice. Be sure to dress in your better looking clothes as most guest are NOT wearing sneakers or jeans :)  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Readeverynight
<Content>Excellent Value My wife and I stayed three nights at the Berlin Swissotel after reading a favorable review here. We followed the advice given by the previous reviewer and upgraded in order to have access to the executive lounge. The rooms were immaculate; the service was superb; and the upgrade was well worth its modest cost. In addition to the food, soft drinks, cocktails, and wines available in the lounge, the hotel offers a breakfast buffet (included in the price of our room) there. We enjoyed the quiet privacy the lounge afforded, and we were most favorable impressed by the hospitality of the Swissotel people who supervised and operated the lounge. This hotel is situated in western Berlin, in a very good shopping area convenient to Schloss Charlottenberg, the zoo, and KDV, one of Europe's largest department store. Swissotel provides free internet access for its guests, and we found this both convenient and useful.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanberraSightseeker
<Content>Top Hotel, great location We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and liked it very much. From the moment we arrived we were treated liked celebrities by the staff. We were met by smiling doormen who parked our car and helped us with our luggage. The check in staff were equally as good. We were shown the hotel's facilities and then shown to our rooms on the 10th floor. The rooms which were inward facing were very spacious and stylishly decorated. Every amenity was provided and we appreciated the separate bath and shower. The outside rooms were not as big but had views overlooking various parts of the city.We only ate breakfast at this hotel, chosing instead to dine at the excellent restaurants in the vacinity.The staff in this hotel were very warm and and eager to assist. Every request we made for assistance was followed up with excellent attitude. They were professional in every way. The hotel's location was also good - near the best shopping streets and also near the metro station.I would definately return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Holly13
<Content>Standard rooms are great as well Stayed here for two nights. Got a really good deal on the Swissotel website of 140 EUROS including breakfast for their standard room. Very impressed, good furniture, nice bathroom, very clean, bedlinen changed every day and affordable minibar. The hotel was in a great location with amazing shops all around and also close to the Zoogarten Rail Station, so great for travel connections. Very recommendable.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alice87
<Content>Worth every penny Another very satisfied customer. The hotel is aimed at business travellers but is perhaps an even better experience for those on holiday, who have time to enjoy the room, the hotel design, the service and the food. Honestly, it was hard to leave.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gueray
<Content>Long fingers hinder perfection My partner and I stayed at the Swiss hotel Berlin the last weekend in May. Room:We stayed on the 9th floor, the executive room floor. It was well worth the extra money. Room was light and just big enough, though we did miss a bigger wardrobe and the bed was a bit on the hard side. As in other Swiss hotels, we enjoyed the espresso machine and a well stocked minibar. The room also proved to be practially sound-proof, as the VERY celebrating football teams outside were not to be heard inside. Service was very good, timely and the turn-down service was also very professional. Food:There is a separate executive lounge on the 9th floor, serving breakfast and other smaller snacks and meals throughout the day, included in the price, also wine and liquor. Buddha Bar music playing on the BO, modern and light furniture and good service. It's a bit on the small side, so personally, I would have preferred it to be non-smoking....Restaurant 44: we had lunch on a very hot Saturday out on the terrace. Food was very nice, we tried the red mullet, the fois grois and the vegetarian ravioli dish. The desserts were to die for! Really high class! Service was good and friendly, and there was no rush, and the atmosphere on top of Berlin is just great! We received a 15% discount as guests of the hotel.Bars:We only tried the bar itself, not the lobby lounge. Late night. Very friendly service and good choice, though the Mojtoes would benefit from more sugar :o)Location:Very good, next door to Ku'dam and only a short walk to good shopping and interesting sites. The double decker sightseeing buses stop only a block away, and proved to be an excellent choice in 35 degrees sunshine.Stealing staff:Both the receptionists and the concierge were very friendly and attentive. I praised them when departing and filled out a Excellent 5 star service form. HOWEVER, while in the car on our way to the airport, we discover we had left some German delicasies we had acquried and intended to bring home, in the minibar. We called the hotel immediately and explained the situation. They promised to look for it, but we were later in the day told that they could not find it, after we called again to check. So obviously, the housekeeping staff had a feast on it.... For a 5 star hotel, this is VERY disappointing! Long fingers are not exactly Service to your fingertips! This did reduce the otherwise luxury weekend feeling of the Swiss hotel Berlin. And I believe, for a 5 star hotel, to offer us a compensation or a reduced price on our next visit, would have been a nice gesture, and there would be no hard feelings. But they did not. Therefore it will unfortunately only get 4 points this time!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sigmund
<Content>Exceptional value Stayed in an executive double with lounge access and breakfast for 125 sterling a night via lastminute.com. Like others found the hotel service impeccable, rooms modern and comfortable and the location excellent. We did not know what was entailed by lounge access when booking but were very glad that we took this extra option which provides facilities not unlike an airline club lounge. This means you can breakfast there in style and help yourself at any time to drinks (including wine and spirits) , snacks and (in the evening) a buffet. The service here was top notch. The hotel has its own lounge area, which is smart but also open plan; there are no cosy nooks here. We ate in the hotel restaurant twice, once with great success having chosen the 4 course set menu with selected wines. This was quite delicious. The second time was less successful: rather tasteless salad, over-salty lamb, none-too-warm vegetables. Perhaps the chef is a little too ambitious or was having an off night. But overall a wonderful hotel and would strongly recommend at these prices.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional!! Highly recommend!!! STAY AT THIS HOTEL and you will have a most cherished memory of Berlin. Of all the hotels we stayed in during our 35 days out of the country last summer, the Swisshotel was our favorite hotel. After you stay at the Swisshotel Berlin~you feel rested, uplifted and rejuvenated. My hushand and I stayed here for six nights. I had to attend a Holocaust Conferance in Europe and I was actually dreading going to Berlin. This hotel made a stressful event a pleasure. The room had outstanding views which we viewed from floor to ceiling windows that could be opened for fresh air. The room was quiet and all light blocked out by the draperies and shades. You will sleep peacefully and you can sleep in late at this elegant hotel. The sheets have an exceptionally soft hand, they are at least 350 high thread count cotton. The bathroom had a tub and separate shower ~ all marble, extra-ordinarily clean and furnished with body care products from the famous Swiss Spa Juvena~ The towels were large, thick Turkish cotton and the water pressure hot and strong. The room had an espresso machine and delicious gourmet treats filled the mini-bar. This hotel is centrally located and easy to cab anywhere in the city. By itself, the hotel and all the amenities are *exceptional*~however what made our trip a cherished memory was the staff ; the staff make this hotel one of the very best in Europe. Every person at the Swisshotel Berlin was friendly and helpful~~from doorman to concierge. They all seek to make your stay restful and rejuvenating. Expedia made an error in our reservation, we paid for the Executive package that included the buffet through Expedia~ but this was not reserved for us. The staff was so concerned about the error that they upgraded our room and we did dine at the morning buffet~which was **5 STAR**. I am a confirmed foodie and I am very picky. Everything was **5STAR**~antique feel silver flatware, chef prepared eggs, fresh squeezed juices, fresh pastries, crisp pressed white linens on the tables that had interesting views of Berlin from every direction. Everywhere you will enjoy paintings and sculpture. High cathedral ceilings coupled with glass and sleek comfortable furniture give the guests an airy light feeling. This hotel, designed by the architect Liebeskind, has a clean artistic bauhaus aesthetic. There are two bars in this hotel, fast delicious room service and a large flat screen TV where we enjoyed watching the European Soccer Championships. When I go back to Berlin, I will stay here again. Book your room today~you will fall in LOVE with BERLIN!  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Orric
<Content>excellent cost-benefit rate               
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel! Just returned from Berlin and loved the Swisshotel. The staff is great; breakfast buffet had everything from bacon and eggs to fruit and cereal, and even dim sum. The rooms are spacious. Located just off Ku-damm and near the main train station. Great experience!  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cortile
<Content>warm  Having used this website to help make a booking and having been really pleased with the hotel I felt the need to add to the already glowing report.The hotel lived up to its standard and was exceptional value for money. As with many other travellers we paid extra for the executive floor and this was money well spent. The staff were some of the friendliest I have met on my travels, and were always there with a warm smile and genuine regard.The rooms are modern in style and very functional. They had all you would expect from a swissotel, clean rooms, modern stylish bathrooms, robes, minibar etc.I am hoping to return to Berlin in the next few months and will definitely make this hotel my first choice.If you want style at reasonable costs then this is the one for you.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nickwhite26
<Content>Top Draw!!!! What more can be added to the reviews already published? In a brilliant location, next to a U-Bahn stop (Kufferstendam). Its stylish, friendly and relatively inexpensive. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shonagon
<Content>Stylish  We made the superb decision to stay for half of our week long break in Berlin in this hospitable modern hotel....and i still can't stop smiling when i think about it!From the moment we stepped out of the elevator into the chic lobby, the staff couldn't have been more welcoming or helpful.We were personally shown to our 9th floor 'executive' room - and like other reviewers i can heartily recommend the upgrade.From the excellent breakfast,unlimited drinks and snacks throughout the day, to a Kir Royal at night whilst gazing out over a panoramic view of the twinkling lights of Berlin,the 'executive lounge' with it's genuinely hospitable staff ,was definately worth the very reasonable extra outlay.Following a nightcap we would return to our well appointed room with bathrobes and slippers at the ready and a cute little toblerone nestling on the pillow.Admittedly the room wasn't exactly the most spacious,but it was spotless  stylish, and what we lacked in space we made up for via the view......ceiling to floor windows which extended into the pristine marble bathroom and it's 'big enough for two' bath overlooking the Ku'dammn.Unlimited hot water and with a glass of champers in hand we soothed away the cold of February sightseeing in style.The hotel is in an excellent location for sightseeing with many attractions within walking distance and the shopping mecca of the Ku'dammn on the doorstep.It's also within 5 minutes walking distance of Zoo station with it's excellent transport links and the jaw droppingly efficient German public transport system which offers you the whole of this multi-faceted city at your fingertips.My only word of caution would be that Charlottenburg - the area where the hotel is situated - is probably not the best if you are looking for a bustling nightlife scene,however the excellent transport really does make it easy to navigate the city,and,if like us,after a full-on days worth of sightseeing you are content to dine in the hotel's excellent restaurant followed by a nightcap(errr or 5) - i couldn't recommend this hotel more.We loved Berlin,can't wait to return, and i hope that you do too!P.S we got THE most amazing rate via lastminute!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mcmdee
<Content>5 Star City Hotel! My girlfriend and I stayed in the Swissotel Berlin at the beginning of February and have to admit that it was one of the best city hotels we have stayed in. The service was first class from the moment we walked through the revolving doors on arrival, and the staff excelled in making our stay as comfortable as possible throughout our 3 night break. The hotel is superbly located on the Ku'damm, 100 yards from the U-bahn and only a little further from one of Berlin's most famous landmarks: the Kaiser Wilhelm Ged盲chtniskirche. In fact, the building is a bit of a landmark in itself too, with its futuristic exterior styling and with over one hundred works of modern art displayed throughout its 7 floors!The standard rooms are exactly what you'd expect from a 5* city hotel; spacious, nice marble bathroom, plenty of wardrobe space, etc. There is also a gourmet restaurant, but this can be quite expensive, especially if you're on a budget. Overall, if you are looking to enjoy the beautiful city of Berlin, a stay in the Swissotel Berlin can only enhance your experience. If I return to Berlin, I can't see myself staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic hotel I stayed at the hotel twice last year, and absolutely loved it. Being a young couple in our early twenties we are often treated like children when we go travelling, but the staff at the swissotel treated us very well. The rooms are always tidy and the bathroom clean. Most young people stay in other parts of berlin, but this suited us perfectly as we could get away from the backpackers at the end of the day. Even though there was a building site next door we couldn't hear a thing. Drinking in the bar was expensive, but that applies to most hotels. A fantastic hotel!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great stay Great weekend stay here. Location very convenient for transport links to other parts of the city and to the airports. Ubahn station outside. The hotel is in an ideal location for shopping - right on the Ku'damm and next to CA. The hotel is extremely clean and modern. The staff were extremely polite and helpful - the receptionist even took us to our room. If you can't speak German don't worry, everyone we encountered were fluent English speakers. Pay the extra for an upgrade to the Executive floors and lounge. It's 50 Euros per day for breakfast, snacks and all types of drinks! The Exec rooms aren't huge, but are plenty big enough. Two fab showers (one cubicle and one over bath), bathrobes, slippers and even an umbrella in the room in case you get some barmy weather! Most of the interesting sights e.g the Brandenburg Gate are East of this hotel. The Ubahn and Sbahns will take you there, or ten euros in a cab will get you to Checkpoint CharlieBerlin is a fabulous city and the Swissotel staff will help you find your way around, from recommendations for bars or the Concierge service that will advise on restaurants, theatre bookings etc. I got a great discounted rate with Expedia. Hope you do too!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great room, excellent service We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in February 2005 in the executive room - great room with street view, very comfortable bed, spotless bathroom, good breakfast (you may choose btw restaurant and lounge room), access to the lounge room with great coffee, sandwiches, soup, salads, drinks etc, great location. The only turndown thing was the hotel reception that checked us in, she said that only atrium view rooms were available because the hotel was fully booked, next day we've got a street view room which made our stay very pleasant - other than that the service was excellent.You may book all your tours in the hotel, the bus will pick you up from the hotel in this case. We booked it through Expedia and had to walk to the bus. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Olderbytheday
<Content>Valentine treat       The executive lounge - tv/cd  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sunshines
<Content>Fantastic Rooms The Swissotel Berlin is one of the best hotels that I have stayed in. The price paid was excellent value for money, we paid a little extra to have a room overlooking the Ku'damm which is well worth it as the windows are the full length of the room and stretch from floor to ceiling.The only downside was the various staff who disturbed us early in the morning (before we had chance to put the 'do not disturb' sign out) There was at least five different disturbances from various staff members, trying to refill the minibar, change towels etc.We hardly used the hotel facilities (health spa etc) as we were only staying two nights and wanted to experience as much of the city as possible. We did drink in the hotel cocktail bar where staff were charming (a novelty in Berlin) and the drinks favourably strong!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Zurich
<Content>Good choice I would join the others' comments about this hotel. We had early check-in, polite staff and a convenient room. ONLY that the courtyard view is not stunning at all. The Lavazza coffee maker is fantastic (it is a feature in Swissotel Amsterdam too and also in superiour rooms in Swissotel Basel) and breakfast was good, too. And the West Berlin location most convenient.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LindaNZ
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at the Swissotel in January for a week, based on recommendations from this site (and the Michelin guide).The Swissotel is well located on the Ku'damm shopping street, with plenty of restaurants nearby, U-Bahn, S-Bahn and the major Zoo Garten train station only a block or so away. (So close a taxi refused to take us there on arrival in the rain, but it didn't matter!) The Story of Berlin is just up the road, the Kaiser Wilhelm church just over the road, and in the opposite direction is the famous KaDaWe department store.The breakfasts are excellent, there is free internet access in the lobby for those who aren't business travellers with laptops, an espresso coffee machine in the room, large comfortable rooms, good security for floors, etc. Do bear in mind however that this is a business hotel - which means there will be convention/conference groups. With no offence intended to the previous traveller, they can tend to take over the lobby when you are there, and it is difficult to get a quiet drink in the lobby bar at certain times of the day! A note - as we left, it again started to rain. We were heading for the train station, and the doorman asked us to wait, and reappeared with two large Swissotel umbrellas. When we protested that we could not return them, he shrugged and said never mind! That is the kind of service you expect from an excellent 5 star hotel like this.We booked on the Swissotel website, and got a good rate of 165 Euro for a business room, with a street view, bkfast included. It was worth it - we felt we might have felt claustrophobic with the courtyard view rooms. I would recommend Swissotel to anyone travelling to Berlin.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gaweca
<Content>Great Experience This was my first experience with a Swissotel facility. Now I stay at every opportunity. While not inexpensive, we always get very good price value. Rooms are spacious and in excellent condition. Lavazza in-room coffee is the best. 2 room service breakfasts were hot and timely. Hotel was very full, but staff was helpfull and pleasant. Good location; my first morning I walked outside to begin exploring the city, turned the corner and there was the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church!! Berlin is a very walkable city, hotel is centrally located only about 2 miles to Brandenburg Gate and old eastern sector. My fellow convention attendees had similar positive experiences.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sb_2004
<Content>Great Experience! Our family stayed here over the holidays for 4 nights - the staff were extremely friendly the rooms were very clean and comfortable. We would definately stay here again if ever in Berlin - the hotel is within walking distance to many of the attractions and very close to great shopping!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb! Just back from staying 4 nights at this hotel. Worth paying that bit extra to use the executive lounge for the free drink and food. Service was excellent and efficient, rooms were very clean and had everything you would need in them. Nothing seemed to be a problem for the staff who were polite and friendly at all times. Great location beside the shops and close to the trains and underground system. One of the best hotels that we have stayed in yet!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HotelGourmand
<Content>Swissotel comes through ! Got an amazing rate through Hotelbase and Swissotel gave us a free room upgrade. Clean, comfortable, great service. Exceded my expectations.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>csulbxx
<Content>Great experience-even when there was a problem! We were there at the beginning of October and had booked the hotel on Expedia. The hotel is clean, modern, and a fantastic location--just a few blocks to the station for trains and all the city buses. (Do buy the week pass-it's an outstanding bargain and the best way to see the city.)We had a problem the second night with loud banging-they immediately came up to check and apologized (some type of equiptment below the room was responsible.) We were on a regular floor, and they moved us to the executive floor. They let us stay in that room for the next four nights, but the breakfast and snacks were only for the one day unless we paid the extra 40 euros. (since we didn't need the meals we didn't do it). When we came back after that night they left a bottle of wine and fruit, and a personal letter of apology about the problem! They also didn't give us a wake-up call one morning -we called and told them this, and when we returned their was another bottle of wine! They gave us great advise on restaurants. We did have a car and parking was expensive--since we liked using the public transportation the car just sat in the lot. I would recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iamscoby
<Content>DON'T BELIEVE THE NAY-SAYERS! A wonderful hotel in a wonderful city. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful - my only complaint was a 4-minute late wake up call and that is not much of a complaint! We stayed on one of the executive floors and, as with other reviewers who did the same, it offered fantastic value for money. We drank a lot, and I mean a lot of champagne! Drinks, refrehments, snacks (effectively breakfast,lunch and dinner if you decide not to leave the building!) were all freely available on an all-inclusive basis in the executive lounge - but breakfast in the main restaurant is included if your inclined. The benefits far outweigh the additional cost. The hotel is lovely, the location is superb and it really was a great place to indulge one's self. We were hardly in the hotel and it was still a wonderful experience - Ignore any rating below 5-stars ... I've been in a number of top class hotels so I had high expectations - this did not dissappoint! Our expectations were simply exceeded.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant service, clean and modern We stayed at the Swissotel in June 04 for a week and felt so at home. You can't beat the location on the Kurfurstendamm to be instantly in the shops/restaurants area, and the easy car park also helped. The staff and service was impeccable - attentive but not intrusive; the rooms are clean, modern and stylish, and there are little touches like free juice in the gym fridges and chocolates on your pillow in the evening which really enhance your stay. The place is so efficient it just makes you relax. The 'adventure' showers in the spa are great. If you like bright, modern hotels and if like me, your idea of luxury is a clean, airy, stylish place rather than some of the peeling-wallpaper once-grand 'luxury' hotels this is the place to stay in Berlin.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>so so nice hotel-not the best in berlin-adlon is the best- smal rooms-inside vieuw sucks-early incheck not poissible-good central posistion  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Hotel We are going to The Swissotel again in November this year, it will be the third year we have stayed there. The business lounge is wonderful value and perfect for a quiet evening in to just relax after a busy day. Would not stay anywhere else in Berlin. The staff are all great.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern,stylish and well-located This is a very modern and stylish hotel located in the heart of the west Berlin shopping district - very convenient for us as it is only a very short distance from the Berlin Zoo railway station. We were given the opportunity at check-in to be upgraded to the Executive level which meant not only getting an Executive room (good-quality furnishings in a contemporary, minimalistic style although the room is not particularly large) and access to the Executive Lounge. The upgrade at 50 Euros per night was not all that cheap, but much of this is recovered through the access to unlimited food and drinks in the lounge. The staff in the Executive lounge provided friendly and highly efficient service.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arabguy
<Content>definitely not the best,horrible service,expensive fares stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in august,we found out that the location was good,since it is very close to the main attractions and train station.Though,the service at the hotel was just lousy.we paid 120 euro per night after booking on expedia and we were promised a nice room with a king size bed,and special decor,and many other features.We had problems to check in at 11am since they pretended the rooms were busy which in such a huge hotel is very surprising.after checking in and going upstairs to our room,we were surprised by the smallish size of the bed [No,we are not american],and the simple decor,in fact the room was a single room for one person since evrything was single in it,and they said it was a double room which was dishonest.we went immediately downstairs to complain about that but they did not solve the problems.We called the manager thinking that he would solve the problem by an eye blink,but she [the assistant front office manager] was just cheap,telling us that the description,which the hotel gives to expedia by the way,is wrong,and that there is no way to get a different room,and she also said that besides,it is the best deal we would ever find [that is wrong because radisson SAS is much better and same price].so,the cheap lady invited us to cancel our reservation if we want but through the website,which was not possible by that time since we wasted like 2 hours in a useless discussion with her and it was too late by 2 or 3 hours to cancel.if we were checked in at 11 it would not have been a problem.she offerd an upgrade but only if we pay for it,which was very mean of her.she did not want to admit that the room does not match the description,and she did not propose any reward what so ever to make us forget this disappointment.she did not even offered us a drink when we were discussing,she was just not worth the status of Manager because not only she is rude and cheap,but also mean and very impolite.we ended up taking the room which had very nice sheets and a nice bathroom,but nothing spcaial for the price they propose and not a good value for money,the view of the room was boring,towards an incourt boring yard with windows.we had to admit that mercure tempelhof where we stayed in the night before moving to swiss was a much better value and a better service and even 60 per cent less costly,very spacy room,huge bed and nice old decoration of berlin.we decided never to stay there again since it was the worst experience we had and with a hotel which does not fulfill the expectations nor with the cheap manager who lacked of competence.I recommand not to stay in this hotel,at least not for the price we paid,except if the night would cost below 70 euro,which is a price they offer sometimes,otherwise it is not worth it.and besides,you do not pay 120 euro a night just to get a good location in the city.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JChused
<Content>Great Experience The Swissotel was as good as Trip Advisor suggested. For only 130 euros, we had a superb room and a most magnificient breakfast each morning. The staff was very helpful, with great dinner recommendations. We recommend booking through the hotel website; rates were lowest there.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peacheypc_123
<Content>Excellent Hotel We have just spent 3 nights in Swissotel, Berlin. The hotel was first class - we upgraded to a suite which entitled us to go to the executive lounge - which was very friendly and enabled us to meet and chat with other guests. The staff were very helpful and extremely friendly. I recommend this hotel to anyone going to Berlin for a holiday. Berlin was very interesting, with new and old. We purchased a 3 day ticket for the trains and buses which saved our feet. Sony centre good for atmosphere in the evening. Altogether a very good weekend.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value Great location and price. Spend a few extra dollars and go for the upgraded room. Staff was very accomodating and helpful. Location is right in the heart of the shopping district. Bus tours, food, and drinks are just around the corner.Great experience.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a value! Booked on hotels, and then upgraded for a mere 80 Euros to one of the most incredible hotel rooms I ever stayed in. The bathrooms are perfect, the staff is kind and helpful, and the living space in the rooms are very pleasant and easy to navigate. Also, make certain you upgrade to the executive level. It is worth it! However, stay away from the concierage, which is the only poor service this otherwise incredible hotel has.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>changabella
<Content>WOW! I loved this place! To start off we pulled into the car park connected to the hotel. My hubby was impressed at the size of the parking spaces. If you have never traveled to Europe, you must know that large parking spaces (AKA standard USA parking spaces) are not the norm. Upon checking in, we were given a room upgrade to a junior suite. Our room was much better than we expected! This hotel really pays attention to the small details that make you feel comfortable and welcome in your room. Our hotel did have a view of the construction sight out the bedroom window and a view of the city out the living room. I can鈥檛 complain too much about the construction because EVERYWHERE in Berlin there is some sort of construction or demolition project happening. Besides, considering the incredible deal we found on the web, 72 Euro per night, and the quality of the room itself, we thought we had hit the jack pot! As for the elevators, personally I loved the glass and the fact that you had to take one to get to the main lobby. Any riff raff trying to go into the hotel would be much more noticeable and it would take more of an effort on their part. Considering the prime location of the hotel, I thought it was a great safety feature. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I can鈥檛 wait to stay at another Swissotel!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ps12
<Content>Definitely not the best! Agree that Swissotel has a fantastic location (although our window looked out over a building site). However, we had problems with check-in since we arrived at 11am and were told we couldn't check in until 3pm. I know this is somewhat customary but I have never been told this at any hotel I've ever checked into -- and would expect Swissotel to make concessions given the price we paid for the room and the fact that the hotel is so large. Also note that most lifts are glass which made me nauseous going up and down to the room. And why didn't they put the lobby on the ground floor so we didn't have to take the lift every time?  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sue020
<Content>Outstanding Swissotel Berlin Stayed here at the end of March 2004 and it was probably the nicest European city centre hotel I have ever used. The staff were wonderful, the room was spotless, but best of all was the excellent value Executive Club Lounge facilities. Definitely worth the extra money for the upgrade - unless you have a very large appetite, you could happily keep going for several days on the excellent food and drink served as part of the deal (including smoked salmon and champagne at breakfast!).The hotel is very centrally located and ideally situated for all public transport, including the 109 bus from Tagel Airport.Cannot recommend too highly.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel Booked the swissotel hotel thorough expedia.co.uk who i have to say were magnificent and offered the cheapest prices for this hotel that anyone. The hotel was fabulous. the staff on arrival were friendly and the check in procedure was very quick. As for the rooms, we had an interior one so didnt have a view of the city but the rooms were very clean, tastefully decorated and had a great bathroom. Also liked the sauna which i used on many occasions. Would I go back to this hotel. Definitely yes. was conveniently located to berlins main train station and shopping areas and is great for those wanting to tour the city and see the sights.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CMinch
<Content>Great Location, Beautiful Hotel, Excellent Staff   showReview(1563373, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect.   showReview(1563185, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best location, great return on money, sparkling clean and beautiful   showReview(1552685, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>construction next door   showReview(1489002, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spiffy Swiss   showReview(1447541, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous   showReview(1437420, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location, perfect service   showReview(1261252, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>skimple
<Content>Great location, great rooms   showReview(1221976, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location and service   showReview(1104489, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>F.R.M.
<Content>Nice, but that's it   showReview(860126, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chucho1
<Content>Das Swissotel war entt盲uschend   showReview(23217763, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Peirot
<Content>business hotel con anima       la lobby  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hat f眉r mich genau gepasst   showReview(20550934, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>relativ stilloses 90er jahre hotel   showReview(20550933, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Alessandro75
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(19907642, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(20550932, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ordentliches Business Hotel   showReview(20550931, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>folle67
<Content>niente male!!   showReview(19543213, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Linchen2511
<Content>Ganz tolles Hotel, nette        das Brandenburger Tor =)  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel mitten in Berlin   showReview(19633643, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19633646, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>N盲chstes Mal bestimmt wieder   showReview(19633645, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ausblick ja oder nein   showReview(19633644, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder!   showReview(18531290, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto buono   showReview(18531289, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bello!   showReview(18531288, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eficacia, amabilidad, instalaciones y localizaci贸n   showReview(18531279, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gut   showReview(18531286, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>molto confortevole e comodo   showReview(18531287, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr ruhiges Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(18531280, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Johnny48
<Content>Magnifico   showReview(17220293, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sharatan
<Content>Deluxe Hotel am Ku'damm   showReview(16998939, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir kommen gerne wieder!   showReview(17427804, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Best service and excellent located   showReview(17427801, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gut   showReview(17427802, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Swissotel Berlin - rundum zufrieden   showReview(17427803, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(17427800, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ergos
<Content>Stupendo, ottimo servizio   showReview(16561922, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>M枚chte sofort hin   showReview(16594144, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel!   showReview(16594143, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pilouernest
<Content>bel hotel mais un peu impersonnel   showReview(15942039, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir kommen im n盲chsten Jahr wieder.   showReview(16594135, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脰FTER MAL RICHTIG PUTZEN W脛R NICHT SCHLECHT   showReview(16594134, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>druisiana
<Content>Fantastica posizione       panorama dalla camera  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente ubicacion...   showReview(16730532, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in bester Lage   showReview(15564554, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schweizer Perfektion   showReview(15564550, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(15564555, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder   showReview(15564556, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>im Notfall ja   showReview(15564549, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(15564548, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>beeindruckend   showReview(14728149, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ivanMadrid
<Content>Lo tienes todo y cerca   showReview(13670806, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Swissotel   showReview(13195989, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(13195988, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr modernes Hotel eine Minute vom Kudam entfernt   showReview(13195987, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse!!!   showReview(13195986, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Swissotel   showReview(13195985, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir kommen gerne wieder.   showReview(11307148, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11307147, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏄庛倠銇忚繎浠ｇ殑锛曘仱鏄熴儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19166489, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CACERENO
<Content>Acert茅 de pleno   showReview(10833042, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel mit gutem Service...   showReview(11425375, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Confortevole abbiamo gardito   showReview(11307145, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kann man ruhigen Gewissens weiter empfehlen   showReview(11307146, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>In Ordnung   showReview(11307143, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(11658236, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Toplage f眉r Toppreis   showReview(11658235, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lohnend   showReview(11658234, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>absolut empfehlenswert   showReview(11658233, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zu empfehlen!   showReview(11658232, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jochenwb
<Content>5 Sterne mit einigen Problemen   showReview(8688500, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(11437961, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>All'altezza delle aspettative   showReview(11437962, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ist empfehlenswert   showReview(11437960, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto bello   showReview(11437959, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mivo26
<Content>Super H么tel bien situ茅   showReview(8241527, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nikita2007
<Content>Como siempre perfecto.   showReview(7845311, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃цタ銉欍儷銉兂鍋淬仹銇?..   showReview(21802577, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top-Hotel in Top-Lage   showReview(11421797, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱偢銉嶃偣銇倐瑕冲厜銇倐銈偣銈广儭锛?#x201d;   showReview(19161025, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>antigl
<Content>Top Hotel - sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(7228939, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Siech
<Content>Unsere hohen Erwartungen wurden 眉bertroffen   showReview(6920088, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(11392101, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bauernberg
<Content>Spitzenhotel in jeder Hinsicht   showReview(6127695, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11364911, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolut empfehlenswert!   showReview(11364904, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Total begeistert   showReview(11353858, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel bien situe tres confortable   showReview(11334912, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Miguelangelo
<Content>Muy buen servicio en un comod铆simo hotel   showReview(5026705, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Leider war bei meiner Ankunft...   showReview(11425376, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

