<Author>unasteele
<Content>fabulous ambience Had a wonderful time at this stunning resort. We could not fault the staff in any way, only to say that the language barrier was a bit challenging at times. The golf course is fantastic, played 5 times over 2 weeks, wanted to play more. Our room was excellent, the TV was a bit small, but we weren't there to watch movies. Generally speaking the hotel and its surrounds make you feel you are in heaven, I want to go back tomorrow and will be going back the next opportunity we get. We stayed for 2 weeks, it went very quickly indeed.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wendybushellPerth
<Content>Paradise in Bali! We stayed just three short days at this magnificient resort!On arrival, we had been upgraded to a Suite! Oh my! It was 77sqm of absolute luxury!! This was our third stay at Le Meridien and each time just gets better!From the moment we arrived until we left, nothing was any bother for the staff. Not that we wanted for anything!Our suite was very well appointed with beautiful pictures on the walls, a powder room, a living room with settee, chairs and TV and sound system and an alcove which housed the fridge/tea making facilities. All this opened on to a balcony overlooking the 7th fairway of the golf course. The bedroom was beyond double doors with a chaise lounge, another TV, balcony, and king size bed. A passage way led to a make up alcove, a huge walk in robe and a really big bathroom! Beautiful toiletries were provided on a daily basis, as was three pieces of fresh fruit and a lovely little floral display! We even got a little wooden box with six exquisite hand made chocolates!! Breakfast in the Cendana Restaurant is excellent, with a juice station and staff on hand to freshly prepare juice to your liking.The Egg Station also had freshly made pancakes and waffles and real maple syrup and freshly whipped cream and walnuts and fresh strawberrries!We ate at the Cendana one evening and twice at the Nautilus Fun Pub. My husband said the Lamb Shanks at Nautilus were the best he has had!! (He had them both nights!!!). My husband is the golfer and played twice and said the course was in very good condition! He visited the Spa on each of the days and had a fantastic massage by Made Sumiati! She is very professional and is very good at her work.!! He said the ginger tea after the massage was very good also.I found some good quality pieces in the Boutique in the complex.Although the prices were more than Kuta, the quality is incomparable. All the staff were very friendly, the rooms were cleaned meticulously each day, the pools and grounds were well maintained.Undoubtedly, we will be back for a fourth visit!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelinJB
<Content>AMAZING Place! Great Alternative to Tourists-flooded Nusa Dua! We were originally going to stay in Nusa Dua the entire trip but later decided to change things up a bit and go up the coast to higher-elevated areas...like Tanah Lot! Glad we did! The Le Meridian is unlike any place we've been to and offered such an amazing experience for our time in Bali. It allowed us to enjoy the beauty of Bali...beyond just the gorgeous beaches of Nusa Dua. We stayed in one of their wonderful Villas...which had its own dipping pool and overlooked a local temple. The hotel offered unbelievable sunset views, as it was perched a bit higher on the cliffs (but still provided amazing access to visit the beach, the Tanah Lot temple, golf, huge pools, tennis and so many other activities. It was also great to not have to spend outrageously on things at the resort, like you are subject to doing in Nusa Dua. If we get the chance to go back, we will definitely be staying at the Le Meridian!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MaggieandNigel
<Content>Fabulous My partner and I have just returned from our stay at this hotel and it was the best holiday we have ever had. The hotel service and staff was absolutely fantastic. The food was excellent and not too expensive at the hotel. The golf course is absolutely breath taking with views over the sea and the famous Tanalot Temple. The pool at the hotel was good and very relaxing. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a relaxing and breath taking holiday.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>BeachLovingBanker
<Content>Peaceful location, great pool! I stayed at the Starwood members room on the 5th floor. Nice view, beautiful architecture and there was not many people staying at the hotel which made it very peaceful. Every evening they have guided walks to Tanah Lot which is about 10mins away across the golf course. There's no beach there but the pools (all four of them) made it worthwhile. There's a water slide and several nets for playing ball. But the best thing about the hotel are the gazebos facing the ocean. It's so relaxing just staying at the hotel. There's 3 restaurants to choose from so eating is convenient. There's a free shuttle service to Kuta and Seminyak and $10 for a return trip to Ubud. My only complain was the aircond which wasn't working on the 2nd day of stay. They managed to fix it but the temperature was quite warm.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tondravi
<Content>This hotel is a dream!       Bale huts  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BaliRoot
<Content>Loved the Le Meridien in Bali       The main dining area  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jgelsis
<Content>A Le Meridien series hotel!       honey room  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelalot2
<Content>not what you expect from Le Meridien brand 1. We have stayed at this place during our Bali/Java tour - so we have comparison with other 5* properties in Bali2. We have stayed at many LM hotels around the world - so we can compare with LM Brand standards globallyResult = this hotel unfortunately does not come up to any of the standards.And it is really pitty because the location next to Tanah Lot temple is unique as well as natural setting and grounds of the hotel are very nice. Bales around the grounds are really nice to relax in and watch the ocean.Room (we stayed in exec. suite) - very worn out in condition and very very basic in design/comfort, though spacious and clean.Service - though balinese smile was there it feels very amateurish and not 'world brand' adequate.Breakfast - well, we have had just coffee, fruit juices and omelette, the rest looked and smelled very unappealing. This might be also caused due to open air style of the restaurant allowing hot and humidity to influence the state of food. We saw some bugs on food additionaly. Choice of food rather basic.Lunch/Dinner - contrary to bfast the food served at pool grill was tasty and good.In the evening is not much (nothing) happening in the hotel so we decided to take a cab to Seminyak even though it is loooong (45mins) ride, but still worth to leave and enjoy our time.To summarize we choose it for Tanah Lot experience and for this we used our 2 nights there, but we expected also something more, some 5* and Le Meridien experience and this was not delivered. We would not choose this place again and do not suggest others to be the only place for Bali vacations as there is so much more to choose from. Starwood should consider to spent some money on improving this property.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>MaxDog19
<Content>Terrible room conditions I normally LOVE Le Meridien Hotels. This hotel was an enormous disappointment. When we checked in, they failed to tell us that the air conditioning in the entire hotel was not working. Seems like an odd thing to not mention. Maybe they were hoping we wouldn't notice a lack of AC in Bali in September with tremendous humidity.THey supposedly fixed the AC the following day but our room never got below 78F and the humidity in the room was so bad that all of our clothes and belongings were damp. You could not move in the room without breaking into a sweat. You could not walk barefoot in the room because the floors were sticky.The service in the restaurants was terrible. We had to walk out of a restaurant one night because we could not get waited on.The front desk was completely incompetent. They consistently gave misinformation. They could not get the names on our room correct. They could not do much of anything.I will say that the grounds were spectacular. It was a beautiful hotel on the outside. If only you didn't have to stay in the room, eat at the restaurant or talk to the front desk ...  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>MelbourneHussey
<Content>one of the best This is one of the best hotels we've ever stayed at. We came with 3 children [5,1012] and were not dissapointed. After an initial problem with our rooms, we were upgraded to a 2 bedroom villa which was fantastic with its four poster bed, splash pool and day bed. The hotel itself is quite far, 45m-1hr from Kuta, but if you take advantage of the shuttle bus [3 per day] you need only pay for your return trip about 100000rp. The grounds are stunning  the pools spacious  clean. The kids could not get enough of the waterslide and loved fish feeding. Breakfasts were above average and the staff quite pleasant. Would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>iwatkins
<Content>Bring your own clubs I stayed at the Nirwana for just 2 nights, I have recently taken up golf and needed to get my fix after a month long holiday. And my husband and I needed a break from the budget hotels/hostels we had been staying at for a couple of days. Let me first begin by saying this place is gorgeous, the grounds are beautiful, views of tanah lot, the waves crashing on the black sand beach, and the sunsets here are breathtaking. The room was very clean and large, linens and beds, comfortable.Location: Far from everything, extremely secluded. Impossible to walk anywhere from here. This hotel was good for a few days of relaxation by the pool and having a clean shower :) but not really the best way to experience Bali for your entire holiday. But this place does cater to the crowd that likes to be pampered, so if that's you book away. Prices: For a 4 star resort in the west, excellent. However for Bali, way expensive. It's all relative, I suppose. The food is western prices, and very western in taste (i.e. burgers, pizzas, rib eye). Again depends on what you are looking for.Golf: The only complaint I had was with their club rentals!!! I went out on the driving range the day I got in, with their rentals, which were so old and heavy, i felt like i was using dumbbells, I did not bring my clubs with me so I had no choice. The next time, I asked if they had a better set for me to play with on the course, and they did, they showed them to me and they seemed a bit better, though not what I'd expect at a 4 star resort but when I asked if i could take them out on the driving range to practice with them, they refused. I knew I would be disappointed with my game if i went out with those clubs, especially with the provided caddie watching so I cancelled my tee time. :( Staff: For the most part very friendly and attentive. Though sometimes staff can get a bit too attentive. Just make sure you put up your do not disturb sign when you're in your room. Spa: I did not check out the spa here, I took a look at their prices and decided not to bother. I could get a massage for what they were asking back home. After being in Ubud for a week paying less than $10US for an excellent 60 min. massage, how could you expect me to pay $80 here. What I can say is this place loses that extra star, because of the details. Old club rentals at the best golf course in Asia, uninteresting cuisine, staff that don't let you relax, (must've knocked on our door 5 times within our 1st hour), Old tv. Little things that can easily be overlooked given the beauty of this place. But it is a bit stale for Bali, if you want to see the real Bali, do not stay here, if you are here to have a clean shower and relax by the pool then yes this is the place for you.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	2	5	5	4	4	

<Author>rotorua88
<Content>wow! amasing great hotel, just perfect. stunning, amasing. fantastique views on temple. we love it.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>tripadvisa
<Content>Amazing Setting  The hotel is in an incredible location, how they were ever allowed to build it I have no idea.The views are incredible.The hotel is well spread out with several interlinking pools which makes it easy to find some privacy. No beach but this didn't bother us, the ocean views were good enough.The staff are incredible, not too much but make you feel at home.Several different restaurants, we didn't bother with the 'pub' and 'Italian', didn't go there for that!Three other restaurants offer a mix of local and international food. Didn't try any 'international' as it was overpriced and the authentic Bali food was spot on. Buffets are not my thing but I would highly recommend them, excellent seafood and local dishes.Rooms were a good size. We had a sunset sea view room, which also looked over the golf course. I imagine this end of the hotel would be quieter than the pool view rooms.The hotel is away from everything but the free shuttles work very well, just be aware you may end up in a bus full of drunken karaoke singers on your way back though 鈥?we decided to take the free shuttle out but get a taxi back.Two complaints: 1) the hotel is slightly tired in places but not bad enough to make you feel uncomfortable, the setting is out of this world2) food and drinks are incredibly expensive for the island. Snacks such as satay, 60,000 rupiah, small Bintang 40,000 and cocktails 75,000. If you鈥檙e a drinker, buy some booze and take it in, especially wine. We just filled up our fridge in the room which worked ok.Golf was awesome and they do deals on twilight games where you can almost get 18 holes in. Lesson was also good value if you don鈥檛 mind melting in the heat.Spa treatment was pretty good, but expensive.We went as a young couple and enjoyed it.We鈥檒l be back next year for sure.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>curriedrice
<Content>Good but could be better Positives:Beautiful locationRoom rate is reasonableClean, good spaced roomsOffer free scheduled shuttleImprovement Needed:Hotel staff was hit and miss in terms of serviceToo many tour groupFelt quite genericLocation is 30min-1hr from Seminyak, Kuta and DenpasarWestern room service food prices, quality really hit and missIts clean, it does the job as a place to chill out. We discovered the hard way that after Ramadan, a lot of Indonesians head to vacation Bali - the hotel was packed, by the time we hit breakfast at 9 or 10AM most of the food variety was gone.When working with the concierge and front desk staff, I have to say only 2 out of 8 people really tried to help or work with us. No enthusiasm, no follow up, very basic service.If you do decide to do eat at the hotel, bypass the room service and go directly to the restaurant or bar. You'll get better food and results there.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>EasyForget
<Content>Nice golf course       Hole 6  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>graesiep
<Content>Beautiful setting       Hotel grounds  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>icyoubaby
<Content>Incredible Balinese experience! Will definitely be back This hotel is absolute fantastic. From the moment you arrive to welcome drink to the time when you check-out, the emphasis is on exceptional service and a great experience. The rooms were large, spacious, luxurious and very well maintained. And the various restaurants actually surprised us with the good quality of food despite not being as expensive as you would expect. We were a little dissappointed with the breakfast buffet given the lack of offerings and the fact that you had to spend a long time queuing just to get eggs etc from the hot food bar. Aside from this... FANTASTIC! Lots of swimming pool options.... beautiful views of the sunset....and again, you cannot miss the exceptional balinese service! :) The one thing...we decided to splash out and have a massage at the hotel's spa despite being incredibly over-priced for Indonesian standards. It definitely wasn't worth it and you would be better to go to a spa outside the resort...pay half the price and probably get a better massage! All in all, one of the best hotels I have stayed in for a long long time! can't wait to go back! :)  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>gorgeous_uk
<Content>debateable Having stayed here twice before (2001 and 2003) and loved the place we were looking forward to a long awaited return. The resort in itself is still well looked after and despite its age it is wearing well however it faces tough competition in Bali and if Le Meridien wants to keep its 5 star status they will need to start spending soon! Our room over looked the pool and the ocean and was kept spotelessly clean, in room wifi is available but at a fee with only 1 hour or 1 day packages available nothing on offer at better value if you are staying a week or more. The pool area is great and despite it being high season sunbeds were always available. Our main dissapointment with this property was the service which varied massively, the hotel is clearly marketing itself (and pricing drinks/food etc) to the Asian golfer market and as such has employed staff who speak other asian languages, this left most westerners explaining themselves 3 to 4 times in english to be understood, orders were often taken down wrong. The other area of dissapointment was the food, whilst on the whole it was good it was certainly not spectacular and a couple of meals arrived cold (and this was in thier award wining cerdana restaurant) with no service recovery from the staff.This hotel is off the beaten track and there is very little to do in the local area, great for golf or relaxing with a book but not for the traveller seeking plenty to do, in the evenings it is extreamly quiet. We will go back to Bali for sure but as for the Le Meridien then we will probably give it a miss next time as other hotels offer more for your money.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	2	3	

<Author>monkeyb68
<Content>Loved the Le Meridien       A garden view room. Can still see/hear the ocean in the distance.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>truus
<Content>A dream! When you arrive at this resort you are feeling so welcome. Everybody is so kind and helpfull. We were offered a upgrade to a suite for IRP 561.000 a night which we accepted. We had a beautiful suite with two rooms, a dressing area and a really huge bathroom with a bathtub, a large shower and two sinks. There were also 2 toilets in the suite.The garden is so nice and relaxing, we really loved our stay here! There are 3 huge swimmingpools with a large and small slide. We had diner in the hotel all the nights. First night we went to the Nautilus restaurant where we had a nice Italian meal. Farfalle IDR 140.000. Pizza 90.000. A beer (San Miquel) 38.000.The second night we had a Asian BBQ (IDR 170.000 a glass wine included).Beautiful setting and good food. The third night we enjoyed a splendid meal at the Pool Grill restaurant. Definitely not cheap but worth the money. Ceasar Salad 85.000, Jumbo shrimp 195.000, Chocolate mousse 60.000.The last night we had a wonderful experience with the Cultural Performance: Balinese Dance and Buffet Dinner in a very special setting. IDR 195.000. Absolutely worth the money again.We will certainly come back once!Karen  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Amalia-Dimitris
<Content>Just perfect- Planning to visit it again! My husband and I stayed in Le Meridien for a week in June and we had a great time. The staff there are so polite and friendly and they really care for you. The hotel itself is like being in paradise! Our room was spacious, overlooking the ocean and the famous sunset, with plenty of amenities. The food was also very good and the prices rather reasonable for a 5star hotel. The highlight of our trip was the 1hour massage that we were both offered free at the hotel, in an oceanfront bale. The hotel is quite far from the busy areas of the island (restaurants, shopping malls etc) and this was the only negative thing but there was a free shuttle bus to take you there.One thing for sure: we will definitely visit Bali again and stay at Le Meridien!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>leon&Kevin
<Content>Temple of Paradise We stayed at this Hotel as part of our Honeymoon, we hadn鈥檛 planned to stay here this was a last minute decision as the Hotel we booked had construction work been done close by, which we hadn鈥檛 been told about! We called this call the two days before we wanted to arrive and there was no problem, they where so helpful, the arranged for us to be collected from other Hotel, where they arrived on time, with cool towels  bottled water. So off we headed to Le Meridien Nirwana鈥? We arrived at the entrance and took the stunning drive up the Hotel as the golf course and paddi fields align the drive up. We checked in which was very quick and no hassle, we where taken to our room that is in the Hotel, which I have to say we where very disappointed with, it was clean and was an ok size but it was just very old and if I鈥檓 to be honest the hotel rooms need a big make over! We asked the lady if it was possible for up to be upgraded to another room, so she very kindly showed us two of the villas onsite, and they are very nice and have a Balinese style, this room is a good size room with a plunge pool and a good outside relaxing area with a bale. This upgraded came at a small additional cost but well worth ever penny. So the next morning we where moved to one of the nicest Villas they had right on the ocean (703). In the Villa you also have the choice of breakfast in the Hotel or you can have breakfast delivered to your room, we done both and both where just a good, in the afternoon we where also brought a little snack each day along with a news paper, a kind little touch. Regards Restaurants in the Hotel there are four which are all reasonable priced considering you are in a 5 star hotel, and each one will have a themed night for example, one will have a fish BBQ one night and the next night there will be a magic wok night, this I thought was a great idea as there isn鈥檛 really any restaurants out side the hotel so it is a taxi ride away, However the Hotel does offer a shuttle bus to Kuta, Ubud and Seminyak on varied days/evenings of the week. When we made the booking for this Hotel we took a package that was offered, which included 3 rounds of golf and 3 spa treatments. My husband took us the Golf offer and was very happy; this also included a buggy and caddie so it was a very excellent offer. I on the other hand took up the spa offer and was deeply disappointed, the treatment it鈥檚 self was good but the ambience was really awful, there was a air conditioning unit over my head that was blasting out cold air and was very loud when I asked for this to be turned off I was told that it was centralised, also the d茅cor of the room was very poor and again was need of a make over. I decided I would give it one more try and go for a pedicure, this was ok till be got the polish and I asked for a French polish and the girl had no idea what I was asking for! Which isn鈥檛 very good for someone that is working in a five star hotel and doing pedicures! I think a little training would be a good idea. In saying all the above the Hotel lobby and the grounds of the hotel and stunning the gardens are so well manicured and the view and the Tanta lot is just amazing at sunset and the Hotel offer guided walks at sunset to the temple and they are all well informed on any questions you might have. There is also a village cycle that is also a guided tour which we done on morning, this brings you around the local area and through the paddi fields. The pool areas is well kept and have a really pleasant relaxing feeling to it, there is two water slides that are well hidden and you would hardly know they where there, for the kids, however us adults has just as much fun as the kids! Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at this hotel, there are a few points that I think would need to be addressed, how and ever the hotel is clean in a beautiful setting and the staff are very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jlaesch
<Content>Beautiful Resort Le Meredien in Bali is a beautiful hotel! We stayed here for 5 nights on our honeymoon and really enjoyed it. - We booked the room on starwood points and found the hotel rooms to be dated and in need of a renovation. So, we upgraded to a private villa and absolutely loved it. If you can, definitely stay in the villas. We were in room 702 and this had the best view - ask for this room! - The spa treatments were incredible. Our favorite one was a couple's massage in a private bale outside of the pool area. All of the therapists are very good and all of the services exceeded expectations.- Even if you are not a regular golfer, spend the money to play golf here. They have a sunset rate that starts at 4pm and lets you play until dark that is much cheaper than the regular 18 hole rate. The course has the most amazing views.- Eat at the resort. We ventured outside only once and found it to be disappointing (ate at Tanah Lot). - Unlike other reviews, we LOVED the seafood buffet. For only around $19US a person you can go through a buffet line and pick out any fish that you want. We had a whole snapper, yellow tail, barramundi, and even lobster. Everything was excellent.Overall, we loved the resort but staying in the private villa really made our stay. If we had stayed in a regular room, I'm not sure if we would have had the same experience.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DanishTurist
<Content>So fine!       main building  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>woddnq
<Content>Wonderful pool!! Fantastic grounds Our family (2 adults and 3 children - 7, 4 and 2) stayed at the Le Meridian for six nights in April. The grounds and pool are superb with a 50 metre waterslide that is fun for children and adults. You will struggle to find a resort in Bali or Asia that can match the grounds at Le Meridian and it feels quite authentic. The bales are great and are quite relaxing. While there is no beach the view around the resort is amazing.If you are going to stay in Bali at the Le Meridian then I would split it with a stay closer to Kuta. We also stayed at the Interconnental in Jimbaran Bay which meant that we did not spend a huge amount travelling. The shuttle buses are a good idea but it will take you at least 1 hour to travel anywhere.We enjoyed the food and if you can time it so that you attend the theme nights then you will visit all the restaurants. The hotel is more expensive than eating outside but with small children we did not want to take the risk. The service did not warrant a 5 star rating. I had to call the service desk at least twice every time to ensure that they did what was asked. As compared to Malaysia you also feel that you need to tip in Indonesia every time they do something for you as they wait and wait and wait. This makes you feel uncomfortable when the service does not warrant a tip.We booked an ocean room view but could not see the ocean unless we leaned over the balcony. So please beware and don't book a villa as it is cheaper to upgrade when you arrive and you can see whether it is worth it. They are not very busy compared to other hotels.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>travelnprincess
<Content>Speechless       Early evening near the pool  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pechung
<Content>Review of Bali and Le Meridien Nirwana Bali trip April10-20Airport: Upon arrival at the airport, you have to buy a $25 pp Visa to enter the country. Once outside the airport, the taxi ticket booth is on the right side.Money: At the airport, you have to change money to the Rupiah, as you will need taxi money. Also, during my stay here, I found that, you cannot really use the US Dollar at any stores or restaurants. The airport exchange rate was 8,950 Rupiahs for US $1. (at an exchange company in Kuta, we got about 9,130 Rupiahs for US $1). There are places that offer much higher exchange rate, but they do not mention the fees and I鈥檝e been warned that some may try to pass off fake Rupiahs. The taxi ride to the Le Meridien cost 170,000 Rupiahs.Bargaining鈥攁s an example, we were looking at buying a Bali scrap book, for photos and such. The range went as high as 200,000 to as low as 70,000, for the same item, when going to different vendors. We ended up paying 30,000 through bargaining. We also bought a fake pair of Crocs for our son. Vendors were asking as high as 100,000鈥e ended up paying 30,000. Taxis are also up for bargaining. A ride from Kuta to Westin in Nusa Dua started with an offer of 70,000 but quickly went down to 50,000. Bargain boldly but don鈥檛 be offensive. Food鈥擣ood can be as cheap as US $1 per dish in some local places or as high as 70,000 for the same dish, in other places. It鈥檚 certainly cheaper than any restaurant in the US but, again, factor in the cost of the taxi to get there and back and it comes out pretty close to US prices. A lot (but not all) of local restaurants (and all hotel restaurants) add a 10% tax and 10% tip鈥hat鈥檚 a whopping 20% added onto the bill. Warung Made restaurant has two locations, one in Kuta, near Kuta Square and the newer, bigger one in Seminyak. The food is pretty good, especially their grilled Snapper and local dishes Nasi Goreng and Mie Goreng, and fried squid in garlic sauce. The 3 of us can walk out very full for under 200,000 Rps. Le Meridien for 3 nights.Good hotel with a great water slide. The pool is only about 4.5 ft deep all around. The breakfast buffet is about US $15 pp and half off for kids. The food is quite good. The free shuttles to Kuta and Ubud are worth doing. They offer Kuta one day and then Ubud the next day. They have shuttles that leave at 0900 and then another at 1300 (I think). Both destinations take about an hour to reach. When going to Ubud, the pick up and drop off point is the Monkey Forest. The entry fee to the Monkey Forest is about a $1 per person. Do not take any plastic bags (for some reason, when they see the bags, they have the urge to take it from you). Also, the smell of food in your backpack will have them making an attempt to reach into your backpack. The hotel/city map that was in our backpack was snatched by a monkey, while my wife was carrying the bag; totally freaked her out. We had a late lunch at one of the local restaurants. We walked from the Monkey Forest to the Village Market place. Not much to see or buy but worth looking at. Kuta drop off is at a few different stops. If you go on the 0900 shuttle, they鈥檒l only stop at the places that the people on the bus are going to鈥hey won鈥檛 stop at the other stops since there is no one there to pick up, since it鈥檚 the first shuttle of the day. Kuta is like any other tourist trap. The food prices are inflated at even the local restaurants and they all sell the same tshirts and other souvenirs. Again, not much to see. The Kuta beach was really, really disappointing. The hotel doesn鈥檛 really have a beach but it has a great resort ground with lots of Bales (free of charge) that are scattered throughout the property. The Bales offer great, peaceful and relaxed area to overlook the ocean and dry off/rest from all the swimming. The Bales are very nice. The hotel seemed really empty during our stay. I鈥檇 say about 40% occupancy (my opinion). I kind of liked the slow and empty feeling but you can鈥檛 really stay here for more than a few days. The Tanah Lot is a short 10 minute walk along the golf path; Very beautiful and a must-see tourist spot. The Sunrise Caf茅 actually had pretty decent food. Mind you, if you are not into eating at 鈥済reasy鈥? slightly dirty places, then you鈥檒l have to stick to the hotel.We booked the hotel for 3 nights/4 days. On the 4th day, we arranged for a private driver to pick us up at the hotel and give us a tour of the island. The driver hit the highlights on the NE side of the island and we finished around 6pm as he dropped us off at the Westin Nusa Dua. The private day trip cost 400,000. He spoke good English and had a nice, comfortable SUV with really good A/C. It would have cost us taxi money to the Westin anyway, so we just decided to kill 2 birds with one stone. Stopping through Seminyak on the way to the Westin, we ate at Warung Made. Good, clean Indonesian food鈥bout $7 per person, average. Also, we had him stop at a Kuta grocery and stocked up on drinks and junk food. I definitely saw some good sights via this private tour; I recommend it. Plus it鈥檚 kind of fun to have your own driver take you to anywhere you want to go for the day. I don鈥檛 think it鈥檚 necessary to have a driver or tour for more than one day. Some of the other stuff, like the volcano and other temples were many hours away (each way) and we just weren鈥檛 interested in spending the day in the car.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	2	

<Author>andrymone
<Content>Loved the hotel. Felt like a heavenly place out of this world. Just brilliant! Perfect location, superb hotel, splendid views. If you like golfing top golf course just around the hotel. Very gentle, curteous and attentive staff doing all to give you great service and a wonderful experience. Just loved this hotel. Restaurants where also very good, especially the ones outside with look on the ocean, sound of the waves. Also great spa and massages and sporting facilities. If I think of a perfect hotel I think of this place. Wish to be there again soon.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SlowhandZagreb
<Content>Not for Gourmets! Great things in Nirwana: excellent personnel, always helpful and smiling. Spectacular swimming pools. Great golf course. That's it!The bad news: the restaurants are the weakest spot. Mediocre quality of food, the menu cards seems to be the same in any of four hotel restaurants. The hotel is in the middle of nowhere. We spent fortune on taxis, being driven to some very good restaurants in Seminyak area.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	5	5	3	

<Author>merrymermaid
<Content>Piece of Heaven My bf  I stayed at this hotel at the very beginning of 6 months of SE Asia/Australia/NZ travels and this hotel was in my top 5 for the whole trip. From the moment you arrive on the property, you feel relaxed. The staff is amazing, friendly and helpful. The property is beautifully maintained and the rooms are very comfortable. As soon as we checked in, we wished we had booked longer than 3 nights. The meals at the restaurant were great (especially the Indonesian restaurant). We went another onsite restaurant for an all-you-can-eat Italian dinner, but it paled in comparision. We also had breakfast, and it was a pretty good deal. It wasn't until a day or 2 at Nirwana that we realized that beer just outside the property (on the way to Tanah Lot) is a 1/6 less ($1 for a big beer off site, and $6 for on). After we figured that out, we drank off the property. Regardless, a beautiful property - I highly recommend it!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Edges
<Content>Good meeting venue I chose the hotel for a work meeting in January. I was satisfied with the meeting room which was large enough. The level of service was also high with note pads being refreshed daily and bottled water refreshed at every coffee and lunch break. It was unusual for most hotels in Indonesia and I had had meetings in many of them. Food was great at both main and seafood restaurants, both for western and oriental items. The Italian place was a bit disappointing.The room was spacious but they do need refurbishment - furniture looks old and tired.The hotel is far from the tourist areas of Seminyak, Kuta (airport), Jimbaran or Nusa Dua. Give yourself ample time if you need to travel - at least an hour to Kuta area. It is just next door to the famous Tanah Lot temple, in fact you can see the temple from the hotel. No beach here for those beach lovers as the hotel is situated on a cliff.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Kmalia
<Content>Beautiful Resort       one of the five inter-connected pools!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>scb77
<Content>very nice hotel       pool and view of ocean  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarinaKh
<Content>Great time!       Pool  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dean_diane
<Content>Beautiful Bali This was an amazing hotel.The rooms were excellent. The staff fall over themselves to make your stay special. The four restaurants on site serve up the most amazing cuisine. The pools are great fun. The temple sunsets every evening are to die for. The whole Bali experience was wonderful for me and my wife and we couldn't have picked a better hotel and a tremendous price. My wife booked in for the 5 day spa treatments and loved it. She is a holistic therapist and raved about the service.We also hired a guide and driver for two days and explored the island and that was amazing.Big thanks to all the staff and to the beautiful Balinese people.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marxusboy
<Content>Another amazing stay       View of one of the pools  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lindsay_Basta
<Content>Enjoyed every moment! Me and my husband stayed at Le Meridien in October for our honeymoon. We also took our 18 month old child. This hotel was fantastic. We were treated like Royalty the entire time, they couldn't do enough for us. The prices in the pub/restaurants/pool bar were similar to prices we pay in the UK, so very expensive by Balinese standards. The food wasn't anything special either! The room was amazing. The hotel was spotless. We saw one man in the pool cleaning the tiles with a toothbrush!! We were always welcomed back from our day trips with cool flannels and drinks. They put a fresh piece of fruit in the room for you every day.I would strongly recommend the local restaurant named 'Restaurant on a cliff' - Aptly named!!! They serve freshly caught fish - Muscles and lobster included. This was the nicest meal we had whilst in Bali. The hotel can drop you off and pick you up for free. The kids club was super. Unfortunately our daughter was too young to be left, however the same staff that are at thePenguin club do childminding services too. Again a service that we didn't use, however it was highly recommended by other hotel visitors. The pools at the hotel were amazing. The staff exceptionally friendly. We had a spectacular time and are looking forward to returning there next year!!! There isn't any night life at all. It is very quiet indeed. We usually brought beers from the local shops and took them back to the hotel to drink, they were 4x as expensive at the hotel. We also got taxi's to local areas. It cost less getting a taxi there and back with food etc than what it cost a meal at the restaurant. I could keep writing about our wonderful holiday for hours!!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Harry022
<Content>Nice but going downhill We stayed for 6 nights in December. We had stayed previously in 2004. We really enjoyed our stay again despite some pretty lousy weather.We enjoyed the Nirwana restaurant (Balinese food).The people are very friendly and service quite good.The breakfast buffet has gone downhill and compared VERY poorly to the Oriental in Bangkok (where we had stayed on the same trip).Also, the general care of the hotel has gone downhill. The paths around the hotel (between rooms) were littered with garbage that did not get cleaned up in many days.The golf course is really fantastic!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	3	4	5	4	

<Author>HKAIR
<Content>Nice restaurant 15 min down the beach across the temple We booked our room directly with Starwood properties ( the owners of Le Meridien) and prepaid our stay. The personnel in the hotel told us that their computers don't talk to the Starwood website and double charged us. The grilled seafood dinner was not anything special and the property itself had much less character than the Le Meridien in the Seichels or the one in Kota Kinabalu.For the next two weeks of our vacation we stayed in much nicer properties in Bali.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	3	4	

<Author>bostravelerBoston
<Content>simply beautiful       Barong dancers that greeted us at this hotel  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>mar1an1
<Content>5-Star Hotel w/ 5-Star Price This is an unexpectedly very nice hotel located on a quitter side of Bali though it's a bit far from everywhere. It's indeed one of the 5-Star ones. I'm rating it above average instead of excellent because it absolutely has no beach though it's located right across the Tanah Lot temple. The beach is there, but don't count on being able to sunbathe or walk along its not too sandy shore, as the wave is pretty strong most of the times. Besides, Tanah Lot is one of the most famous tourist spot. All the vendors will immediately run after us -tourists- as soon as we step on the beach. From the hotel, you can cut through the scenic golf course route, landing at the entrance of Tanah Lot market to visit the Tanah Lot temple. There are many small cafes along the Tanah Lot market and there are 2 larger restaurants, one of them is called Melasti. Though it has the best spot in the area, I will not recommend having any meals there due to the very unstable prices. The hotel has a 54 meter slide that entertains all adults and children. There is a smaller/shorter slide in the side/kiddie pools as well. These slides are comparable to the ones in waterbom-kuta, so it's best to save your money and time spent travelling to kuta.BTW, there are free hotel shuttles that go back and forth between the hotel and kuta area. Don't bother stopping by Bali Galleria Duty Free Shop. It's a waste of time. The price is on average 3 times as much as whatever we pay in the US (New York tri-state area), and they're fixed.Handy Tips: Tourists will always be asked to pay more than local Indonesians. With that said, don't hesitate to bargain in the local Bali market (that is if you can stand the smell). My mom scored a 3-feet tall mahogany wood carving of a lady carrying a jackfruit on her head for a mere $30. The asking price was well above $300. :) And don't hesitate to ask for local prices/menu when dining out. In Jimbaran bay, the local price is Rp.55,000/kg (US $5.50-6) of catch of the day (fish). While the tourist price is Rp.19,000 (US $1.90-2.20) per 100gram of catch of the day. My jet-lagged head is currently thinking that 1kg=1000 gram. Don't forget to double check...Feel free to contact me for other travel tips to Bali.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goody2shoez
<Content>Nice But Needs A Renovation Loved The Villa Stayed here for 4 nights with another couple after a stay at the hard rock. Check in was fantastic welcome drink, cool towels ect. then off on our golf buggy we went to our villa. WE had a villa each shared buy a communal area and a plunge pool. All looking over the golf coarse and the ocean. Absaloutly amazing. The villas were like little houses. The marble bathroom and the beautiful bath and outdoor shower were absaloutly lovely. (very leen) Toiletries provided were great as were the slippers and Robe. Lovely 4 posted bed with crispy white sheets and each night a beautiful flower on you pillow with the remote and the tv guide. Friends villa the same just a little bit smaller. All joined in a yard with one gate. The communal area had a bar frige ice bucket lovely table and chairs and also a great big day bed. We had our own butler who would come and deliver us what ever we wanted including, golf buggy ride to the end of the resort, a pen  breaky before the sun come up so the boys could play golf. In the afternoons they would ring the bell a the gate and deliver drinks and canape's very nice. Many days sitting in the plunge pool while the boys haggled with the ball collectors on the golf corse to purchase balls of them.Golf was great a bit pricey $120 US but very good they took there own clubs over. Breaky was included a bit slow but all in all fantastic. My only complaint was the concrete the main pool (which had a waterslide) and the plung pool made from concrete needed a wash it was a bit green and slimmy. Well worth it highly reccomend the coctail bar at sunset.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happywanderer51
<Content>What an amazing Hotel What a surprise this Hotel turned out to be. A wonderful experience. Can recommend all the Spa treatments. The Pool areas were fantastic, the staff very friendly, the cocktail party in the Gardens is not to be missed. Overall a very enjoyable stay - we will return.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>womanworks
<Content>Changed a 3 night stay into 7 This hotel is gorgeous with spacious grounds and rooms, immaculate, well designed with waterfalls, fish and koi ponds, several pools, loungs chairs not too close together, beautiful restaurants. It is on the coast with the crashing waves - inspiring sounds, and within easy walking distance to the holiest temple in Bali. While in Bali, we checked out several other hotels since we had made only a 3 night booking, but although the other hotels were beautiful, none were better or more relaxing than this one. So we extended our entire stay here. The only negative was the dampness of the room and the very cold airconditioning in the room. Minor issue.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happy32
<Content>Great Resort This resort is fantastic. The ground is well groomed with a definite Balinese feel. The rooms are clean. Food is very good. Asian BBQ night was the best dinner we had in Bali. My only complaint is that the receptionist would not exchange my Canadian bills for some unclear reason (old series?) making me very annoyed while I had no problem exchanging these on the street.The location is remote from local action but the view of Tanah Lot at sunset and the Indian ocean makes this resort worth a few days of your vacation.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	4	2	

<Author>newyorkanya
<Content>Not the Best Place in Bali I have been coming to Bali regularly for more than 10 years and have visited many hotels around the island. No question that this Le Meridien is not the best on offer. It has a troubled past, including fights with farmers who were moved off the land when it was built and financial problems since the Asian crisis of 1997. This is relevant because the place feels a little run down compared to the newer hotels on the island and has a dated look. The staff are nice but don't speak English well and the food in the hotel restaurants is below the standard found in places like the Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton, Chedi Club etc. Having said that, there are many good things about Le Meridien: it's right next to Tanah Lot which is especially gorgeous in the morning when it's shrouded in mist. It has very large grounds and gardens. It's in a lovely, peaceful part of Bali and well away from the crowds of Kuta. Certainly, the price is right.That is something to bear in mind when deciding where to stay. It's about 30 minutes from Le Meridien into Seminyak where there is great shopping and the big three restaurants (La Lucciola, Living Room and Ku De Ta) so it's not a hotel for people who want to hit the night life and shopping. It's fine for families who don't want to leave the resort and for golf lovers.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Lekker1957
<Content>Great Hotel! This really is a great hotel with very good rooms and helpful, friendly staff. Prices in the Hotel Restaurants are on the high side but if you want an excellent local alternative, the Melasti Tanah Lot is a spectacular open air alternative (Seafood) just a five mintute drive away (and they will pick you up from the hotel FOC).Golf Course at Le Meridien well worth a round or two and good value at $80 a round including cart and caddie.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ekek
<Content>Nice hotel       view from room  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>keithpascall
<Content>My Heaven       Cendana Restaurant for Breakfast  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pasha2
<Content>Check your bill carefully This is a beautiful resort, but I had major problems with the front desk. Our airport transfers were supposed to be included in the room rate -- although when I arrived, they wanted me to pay US$30 (after originally failing to meet us). When I departed, there was another charge for US$20 for our return trip to the airport. I contested both and they dropped them without much complaint as if it happens all the time (i.e. they were clearly padding the bill). Also, they advertised a discount if you paid with American Express, but then refused to grant it to me, originally denying the promotion existed, then saying it was only at one specific restaurant. (there were brochures for the promotion at a few places in the resort) When I asked to speak to the manager or assistant manager, they said they were in a meeting and couldn't speak with me. After 30 minutes of trying to work out the problem, they refused to honor the discount they advertised, refused repeatedly to call the manager, and I had to rush off to the airport. I followed up with a complaint and they replied I must have misunderstood the brochure (although it was in English and I'm a native speaker -- they were not). That said, the resort grounds are beautiful and spa/gym nice although the location is FAR from other places of interest in Bali (1 hour from Ubud and 1-1/2 hours to Kuta -- depending on traffic and if the resort's driver has to stop for petrol.) The restaurants were fine, although we've had much better breakfast buffets elsewhere in Asia. Rooms need upgrades - -pretty gross stains on the chairs. If it weren't for the problems with the bill and the refusal to honor their own discounts, I'd say this place was fine. But, I won't stay there again. If you do, CHECK YOUR BILL CAREFULLY!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	1	2	5	

<Author>balitwentyfourseven
<Content>Can't stay anywhere else! This was the second time we stayed at this resort is the perfect destination at the end of a long Journey. We arrived exhausted but were soon revitalized by the cool towels and beverages that awaited us in an open air lobby that overlooks the Indian that was so stunninig I nearly tripped as my gaze was fixed upon view. Upgraded to the Villa for what was supposed to be 2 nights only to find that we cold not tear ourselves away from this home away from home. The groups feel more like a botanical garden and the expansive pools dotted with private bales where you can receive a message made this place a magical experience. Only steps away from one of the most photographed temples in the world, I am richer for this experience. We are returning for a 3rd time this month. Also impressive was the second time we stayed here we were consistently greeted by staff from the valet to the pool that actually remembered us from previous trip. I did not notice the isolation or even that was particularly far from anything. It was the perfect escape.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glampuss
<Content>Not so perfect       grounds at Meridien  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	1	5	2	-1	

<Author>JoanneM
<Content>Stunning resort Stayed here for our first three days in Bali. What a magical and beautiful place. Resort was stunning and the golf course superb. Our room was very nice and spacious with a stunning bathroom. Our 11 year old daughter stayed in our room with us and it all worked out really well. The pools are picture perfect and the location overlooking Tanah Lot was great. Plenty of sun chairs with umbrellas and beautiful plush beach towels supplied. The restaurants are all beautiful (a bit pricey compared with the rest of Bali) but all the meals were top notch. Loved this resort and will spend a few days there again next time we travel to Bali.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bjouve
<Content>You MUST stay there ! 2 weeks honey moon. The best place in Bali with wonderful sunsets on the Tanah Lot temple.The hotel is on the top of a cliff. There is no beach but a huge decorated swimming pool.The room was very well decorated and confortable.Its biggest strength : the staff is very friendly and helpful.The breakfast is the best we ever had. All the restaurants are of high quality and we recommand the special events the hotel organizes (local dances, etc.).The spa should also be recommanded and golf players seemed to enjoy the 18 holes.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LiL0
<Content>The pools and views are the best       View from Hotel to Tanah Lot Temple  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GemJune77
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful Resort       View from breakfast to Tanah Lot  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>citybails
<Content>Beautiful, Beautiful, Beautiful I'll say it again Beautiful, why this place isnt packed is beyond me, it is a great priced deal. We have spent the last few years in substandard 4 Star Thai Hotels and have once again returned to Bali, trying to avoid the usual haunts of Bali but not wanting to be to far out of it we gave the Le Meridien a try, it has paid off.With the free air con shuttle bus to Kuta  Ubud every alternate day we get a beautiful relaxed drive in a luxury vehicle through padi fields and small villages seeing the real Bali, with the Volcanoes as a backdrop. These shuttles leave several times a day for Kuta  twice a day for Ubud, excellant service. Also after hearing horror stories about children being whisked out of your arms on arrival in Kuta by desperate shop owners wanting to gain your attention, we were relieved to be set down in a secure underground parking area of the new Centro Shopping Centre.Restaurants are excellant still cheaper than Australia maybe more than you might pay in cheaper retaurants in Kuta but by $10 - $20 per family and compared to Phuket  Pattaya same price. Breakfast Buffet was great and pancakes  waffles went down well with kids. Laundry Service was same as Thailand but yes a tad expensive but a local laundry just outside the front gate charged Rp85,000 for a huge bag of clothes, although no good at getting stains out of clothes, you get what you pay for.Drinks can be purchased at local Supermarket in Kuta or Ubud and brought home and put in fridge if you want really cheap drinks. But still drinks in all bars in hotel and restaurants are still cheaper than Australia and happy hour is great time to have cocktails. Try the local Rose Hatten cheaper and better than the Australian wine on sale in hotel  other venues.Free Massage deal is excellant as Spa is georgous and 50% off kids meals , free kiddies club make excellant value for family. 50mtr pool slide makes the kiddie one at Water Bom look lame and great fun for us older kids to. Put this hotel on your list of places to stay in Bali, if you want the excitement of Kuta then maybe do a 5 day stint in Kuta tacked on to the end or even better Ubud. We stayed 14 nights and it was great be back next year. Comparison for those with no imagination could possibly be Mirage in Port Douglas but alot cheaper.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnnSingapore
<Content>best golfresort in Bali.. We just arrived from playing golf at Nirwana golf course and our stay at Le meridian golf  spa resort, and we are so pleased..The rooms was big, silent (you can麓t hear the people in the next rooom), the bathroom was generous and nice balcony at the sea and pool-area.The breakfast buff茅 was very good, lunch and dinner at different restaurants excellent.the staff was very serviceminded and cheerful. The only thing we didn麓t like was that people use the pool after closingtime at 6 pm and started 7 am- screaming and shouting!! The golfpackage with the stay at the hotel and golf at Nirwana GC is a good offer and the course is a challenge and in fantastic condition. you must have a caddie each at the golf-course and every other round we didn麓t feel content with their knowledge. And at weekends the wait was to long because they allowed people to play twosome instead of foursome.Thank you for a nice vacation at le Meridien, we will come back soon..swedish couple living in singapore in room 456  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JaneTX
<Content>We loved our stay at Le Meridien Nirwana! I totally agree with the review that this is true paradise. We just returned from a January 2007 5 night stay and had a beautiful big room, looking out at the gorgeous gardens and pools. The food was good and reasonable at the different resort restaurants. As far as the comments that it is isolated, it took about 45 minutes to get to Kuta and to Ubud, which is not too bad. I'd much rather stay in the tranquility of Tanah Lot than the craziness of Kuta. The ocean sunset views were views you wouldn't get from Ubud. We've travelled all over the world and this was one of the nicest hotels we've stayed out.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Henkybaby
<Content>Lovely but too isolated       The room, looking into the bathroom  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Coldcdn
<Content>Simply Paradise. Unbelievable in every respect!!! The title of this review says it all. I can't believe there are negative reviews about this fabulous resort. We stayed for 7 nights in a standard room, from September 9, 2006 to September 16, 2006. We also previewed a one bedroom bugalow, and if you can fit it into your holiday budget, spluge and upgrade, you will not be disappointed.The resort is very large and covers a tremenous amount of land, all of which is fully landscaped and beautifully maintained. If you arrive after sunset, as we did, you will awake in the morning to the most stunning scenery you've likely ever experienced. if you're a golfer, and didn't bring your clubs, you'll cry.The staff are extremely friendly, polite and helpful, and of course full of those famous balinese smiles. By the end of our stay we were regularly greeting everyone we met with a warm hello and a smile, which wasn't as well received in our next destination of Las Vegas.As has been reported elsewhere in the reviews of this hotel, the prices are high within the resort itself. However, high is only relative to the rest of Bali, and likely not where you are coming from. If you compare it to Canada, the US, Great Britain, or Europe, the prices charged by the hotel for food, spa services etc. are quite reasonable. By Balinese standards, they are extremely high.We can't say enough about the immaculate and stunning pool area. We read the reviews and were prepared for something great, but were simply blown away. There are four pools, on four separate tiers, with the top (largest) pool flowing into the middle pool, which flows into the third lowest pool. The top pool is also connected to the bottom pool by a 160 ft. (fun) waterslide. The poolside chairs are made of heavy teak wood, and have very comfortable, padded cushions on them. Unlimited, very large, plush beach towels are provided. A central bar and separate restaurant, complete with poolside waiter service is readily available, with all services able to be charged to your room. Food and drinks are really good (just remember the pricing comment earlier). To give you an idea of how good the pools are, and how beautiful the setting is, we are not beach or pool people at all, and we spent four of our seven days laying around the pools and loved it.How do you beat the high food and drink prices charged at the resort without the need for transportation? Simple, take the path through the golf course, around the seventh green, and you will find yourself at Tanah Lot. Great restaurants, large market, and of course the Tanah Lot Temple. This is only a two or three minute walk. A fabulous dinner for two including drinks can be had for roughly 100,000 - 150,000 rupiahs (or about $10 - 15 US). Buy your drinks from here and bring to the resort pools ($0.50 vs. $2.50)If you are thinking staying at this resort (and you should), be mindful of its distance from Kuta, Nusa Dua, Jimbaran Bay and Ubud. Physical distances are not great, but travel time is in the chaotic traffic. An example is that the resort is about 25-30 kilometers from the airport (which is between Jimbaran Bay and Kuta, by the way....not Denpasar), and takes about 45 minutes to get to in very light traffic; over an hour in heavy traffic. If you are in Bali to surf, participate in the nightlife and shop daily, you may want to consider another hotel in another centre. If you are there to relax, do some sightseeing and shopping, this hotel is perfect. The hotel provides a free, air conditioned shuttle to Kuta and Ubud on alternating days, and that was great for us. Transportation to/from the airport costs $30US, which is likely double what you'd pay if arranged locally.I mentioned it earlier, but if you're a golfer, like me, you MUST bring your clubs. You will likely never experience a nicer, more scenic golf course in your life. Greg Norman designed the course, and he must have been in a bad mood, as it is VERY difficult. I'm a 6 handicap, rented clubs/shoes, played very well and shot 82 with 5 three-putts. Cost is an unbelievably low $88 US, including taxes, caddie, and power cart. Premium (Callaway) club rentals are $40 US, with shoe rentals (Footjoy) $8 US. Worth every penny! I seriously doubt Pebble Beach would be much nicer than this!We are already arranging our next visit to Bali, as we loved it, and will definately stay at Le Meridien Nirwana Golf  Spa Resort again.If you have specific questions, please feel free to email us at joelleandbrad@hotmail.com. We have photos too, if you want to see the rooms, golf course, restaurants, pools etc.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sue14
<Content>International style and prices - but nice private villas Had a villa: very good with main bedroom/bathroom/dressing room + a huge outdoor sala with day bed and table/chairs. Also sunbeds and a 8'x6' plunge pool in the garden. The villas are overlooked by some rooms in the main hotel but are nicely furnished and very comfortable: invariably we stayed in our villa's garden during the day. Other correspondents have remarked on high prices and, indeed, they do charge a lot for services and FB compared to other Bali hotels. Like another reviewer I also object to paying 21% service charge/tax just to be handed a wifi card for my laptop! The wifi connection in my villa was also rather variable in speed. However, the hotel has enormous well-kept grounds and a host of facilities so I guess they have to make their money to fund these somehow. There is a lovely (but pricy) golf course on site. The 4 restaurants were good in quality, but a touch pricy - although not by European standards - but some portions were small, particularly the Pool Grill. Apart from the adjacent Tanah Lot temple where there are some small restaurants, there isn't anywhere else to eat locally. The breakfast buffet was good.Charges for minibars and spa services were high, but that is the same everywhere and caveat emptor - people should know better than to ever use a hotel minibar! Staff were very friendly and efficient and the Meridien does operate a free minibus service to Kata and Ubud.Overall, I would stay there again in a villa for a stay of up to a week by the sea in a good 4.5* rather bland international-style hotel. However, for the real Bali experience, stay around Ubud!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	-1	4	4	4	

<Author>tahnee87
<Content>Very disappointing!! When we booked this hotel, we thought we would treat ourselves to a bit of luxury. The hotel itself was very nice but the service was extremely poor!! We could not get an adapter to charge our camera and couldnt get an iron. The prices for food were way to expensive and the serving sizes were tiny. Lucky we found some little restruants up at Tanah Lot where we ate each night. The golf course is gorgeous and i would only go there if youa re going for the golf, not the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	2	3	2	1	3	

<Author>mattparis
<Content>great stay; best value in bali I will make this review simple: it is the best deal in bali. it is usually around 120 USD per night (vs 400 at the Four season or 250 at the intercontinental). AS explain in the review below, do not use extra service and room services. Only enjoy the room, the golf, and the amazing swimmingpool. great to rest 3 or 4 days.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>dbfun
<Content>Beautiful but !       Great Pool  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chapperette
<Content>Tranquil, Peaceful, Paradise       Tanah Lot  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iraqidirtchick
<Content>Beautiful Places, Ugly Prices       View outside of room  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>3	1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Chantiklook
<Content>Not what it use to be       View  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a dissapointing experience One can hardly imagine a better and more romantic site for a hotel or golf course than the Le Meridien Nirwana Tanah Lot.The temple of Tanah Lot is a Balinesian shrine and the number one sightseeing spot on the island. The sunsets on the small island of Tanah Lot are world-renowned. Thus, every evening hundreds of tourists gather in the accessible part of the temple on the mainland in order to view this marvel.That is all inclusive for golfers and Le Meridien guests. The resort opened its doors almost 10 years ago, at the same time as the Greg Norman designed golf course.To come straight to the point: The golf course is one of the most beautiful I know. The holes along the sea are truly spectacular and the Par 3 against the backdrop of the Tanah Lot temple can be safely described as 鈥渨orld class鈥? Having said that, the course is anything but easy. The prices are absolutely fair, approx. $ 85.鈥?for 18 holes; of particular interest is the Sundowner from 4pm. If you are on your own and play fast you will be able to complete the 18 holes.I had already been to the Le Meridien Nirwana seven years ago. At that time it was still rather new and impressive. Unfortunately, the hotel has lost a lot of its class since then. Today it is conspicuous that its design is rather oversized and because of that the hotel appears deserted once the occupation falls to 20 to 30% (as it may have been the case during our visit). Apart from that, even though not yet that old, wide areas appear worn and torn. The villas with their own pools, in particular, appear quite weathered. Other parts of the hotel, most of all the spa, are simply no longer 鈥瀞tate of the art鈥? Non-charming, non-personal, non-spectacular are some 鈥渘ons鈥?that spring to mind when considering the spa of the Le Meridien. No creation of any wellness experience whatsoever, everything is mediocre. What a pity. With such a world-class location embracing cliffs, sea views and sunsets, really much more could be done. Just take, as an example, the various Ritz Carltons, Four Seasons or the Aman Hotels. Or, let鈥檚 say, the Andaman/Datei on Langkawi; there the guest will not only find massages in the spa pavilions but is being provided with an atmospheric spectacle.The normal rooms in the Nirwana correspond to the usual average of a 5* chain hotel. It has everything but nothing special.As a precaution we had therefore booked the Presidential Suite. With approx. 200 square meters, the dimensions were truly 鈥瀙residential鈥? Furnishings and fittings are not really sensational but, livened up with a few antiques, quite neat and attractive. The same can be said for the bathroom with giant shower and giant whirlpool. The problems were with the details. For example, an extremely musty smell that could be found everywhere in the suite and, in particular, in bed and bedding. Did you ever pack half-wet swimming things and other clothes in a suitcase and then, after a longer journey, unpacked them at home? If you ever did, you have some idea of the smell in the Presidential Suite of the Le Meridien Nirwana.Speculation: The suite had not been occupied for quite a while and had not been aired. A bad idea at 100 m from the sea as the crow flies.Further details: At first glance, the four-poster bed certainly looks cute. It may well be that it really is an older (antique?) model because we rarely ever slept as hard and uncomfortably. The invention of the slatted base must have left no impression on these interior designers. While it may be appealing to purists or meditation seeking fakirs, the average guest in a Presidential Suite surly seeks a bit more comfort.The Welcome was okay, also the amenities within the suite (canap茅s, fruit basket, champagne, some Herm茅s in the bathroom). The overall performance of staff, measured by Asiatic and Balinesian standards, however, was, again, only mediocre. A few days before we had stayed in the Four Seasons Hotel Sayan; there, of course, you are totally spoilt. How ever they manage to address each guest, including us, on every occasion by their name is as remarkable as it is mysterious. Le Meridien can simply not keep up with that.Similarly in the restaurants. proper Nasi Goreng but no sensations.Overall, we did not get the impression that the hotel is run with particular affection or overview.It鈥檚 just about okay to go golfing for a couple of nights; for a longer holiday enjoyment, however, it is missing too much class and atmosphere.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DrOxford
<Content>5 Star Idealic Seclusion at a 3 Star Price The Meridien Nirwana is a spectacular 5 star resort with a budget price tag. My girlfriend and I spent 4 days here in November and will defnitely return in the future.The rooms are spacious and exactly what you would expect from a resort of this standard. We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a sizeable 1 bedroom villa, complete with private couryard and garden, dipping pool, outdoor shower, and open-air bungalow. The grass thatched roof provided a great aroma for the bedroom unit. These are ideallic for couples and honeymooners.The resort facilites are exceptional, complete with 3 large swimming pools and terracing waterfalls and waterslides connecting each. Days filled with lounging and relaxing are as catered to as outdoor activities like golf (exceptional course with Balinese women fore-caddies), tennis, guided bike rides, etc. There are also a handful of exceptinal dining options - the included breakfast is likewise above average even for a 5 star facility. The Tannah Lot temple is within easy access - you can walk over a low tide and the hotel has a frequent shuttle service - sunsets here are not to be missed; the alcohol-enhanced coconut drinks are not ingestable, though.The only negatives about the resort come down to the price you will pay for the services. For meals you can expect about what you would in the US. While this is normally reasonable, I did find myself a bit annoyed considering the huge mark-up over the normal rock-bottom prices in Bali outside of the resorts - we went to Nirwana after a week in Kuta and found a cross-the-board mark-up of around 200% for food, drinks, and spa services. There are no real dining alternatives except for the resort given its location - we did not have the courage to eat at Tannah Lot. Kuta and Ubud are about an hour away and the resort offers a complimentary shuttle service to both, but expect to arrange your own way back if you go for dinner.The main problem you will run into, though, is that will not want to leave. The resort is absolutely fabulous and you probably will find few places comprable anywhere for the price. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelBeard
<Content>The best $75 hotel room in the world. If you choose to stay here, you may just happen onto one of the world's best five-star calibre resort values. Even as you enter the grounds, with working rice terraces off to the right, and long, lushly landscaped boulevards to take you to the oceanside hotel, you get the sense that this is a well-conceived resort.The greeting is warm and gracious--the doorman rings the entry gong, and soon, a batik-clad employee arrives with a freshly plucked frangipani lei and just squeezed pineapple juice. The check-in is personal, with the front desk agent leaving the lobby to escort guests to their rooms.If the grounds--thick with frangipani, bougainvillea, and palms--are lush and well tended, the lobby is theatrical: reflective marble, dark woods, a high thatched roof--all open air to views of the ocean and Pura Tanah Lot, the temple just beyond the resort grounds.At once understated and overwhelming, the resort experience continues with a walk to the room. Carved of marble, tile, and teak, the hallways are open air, and stretch a considerable distance. At their highest, the hotel wings are only five stories, dwarfed by the tallest palm trees on property.My room number was 452, which seemed apt, given that was the likely square footage of the room. More marble, tile and teak, starting with a huge, four-fixture wall to wall marble bathroom with darkwood louvers opening onto the sleeping area. A small seating area flanks the king sized bed, and the room continues onto a ocean view terrace, separated by large wooden sliding (but french-style) doors. Given the lushness of the property, the low height of the guest room wings, and the amount of grounds between the rooms and the water, prospective guests really shouldn't get overly exercised about an ocean view room vs. a garden view one. The gardens are lush and beautiful, and the sightlines to the best of the ocean view rooms really don't allow for panoramic water vistas anyway. Besides, the garden view rooms are considerably less expensive. Nice beds, though a bit hard for my taste. Overall, a great room product, and very appropriate for its Balinese surroundings.There are five pools, most interconnected by waterfalls and fountains, between the hotel and the ocean. As the resort heads towards Tanah Lot, rice terraces separate the hotel from the 18 hole Greg Norman course, reputed to be among the best in Asia. Not being a golfer, I cannot attest to that ranking, but it is awfully pretty. The service in the hotel is noteworthy in its warmth and graciousness. The woman who checked me in remembered my name for the duration. The bike guide sought me out by the pool the day I was leaving to wish me pleasant travels and a return to his hotel in Bali soon. Any staff member passed in the hall or on grounds would look up, flash a megawatt smile, and bid you good morning. All of that said, the service was not always fast or efficient, and as the week wore on, there was very little evidence of management at the resort.The spa is a lovely facility, with the treatment prices tiny by US standards. A half hour massage by the ocean for TWO is $15--essentially the tip back home. The fitness center is a bit dated, with some new machines in order; there were only two treadmills and one was not working well. One great activity is the morning bike tour of the area. . .three and a half hours long, with a trek through rice fields, local villages, the black-sand surfing beach--even a ceramic factory and a place where roof tiles are made and fired. Great for seeing the real Bali, and only $11 with the bike and guide.Remarkably, all this luxury is very inexpensive. I paid $80 US; a current offer has a garden view room with breakfast for 2 (a $30 value) for $75--the room and resort would easily be $450 a night in Hawaii or The Caribbean. A few factors likely keep the prices low. . .1) the hotel is fairly remote--Kuta or Seminyak are about 45 minutes away, and Ubud is about an hour and a half. 2) While oceanside, the hotel has no beach. 3) Bali is still recovering from the earlier terror attack in Kuta.The remoteness is something to take into consideration if you are thinking about choosing this hotel. Bali's traffic is heroic and multi-leveled, so while the setting of the hotel takes you well away from that, if you do choose to leave, the rest of Bali is quite a distance. And of course, right into the thick of the traffic should you opt to go anywhere. The hotel runs some complimentary shuttles to Kuta and Ubud, but if you choose to return on your own, figure on about $10 from Kuta or Seminyak, and $20 from Ubud for a taxi.If the hotel had a beach, the remoteness would likely be less of a factor. There is a beach about 15 minutes away, but it is a black sand beach with notable surf--most appropriate for surfing or strolling. It was deserted the morning I visited--and certainly not a tourist in sight.Given the remoteness, the dining options become even more important. There are four dining rooms for dinner--the prices are high by Bali standards, reasonable by Bali resort standards, and cheap by US standards, with entrees in the $10-$15 range. What varies most is the settings--the menus seem to offer the same Asian and Seafood specialties, with some western dishes thrown in for good measure.Breakfast is in a large dramatic room with high ceilings--mostly open air--and surrounded by considerable outdoor seating. However dramatic the inside space, the hard surfaces and high ceilings make the morning buffet rush sound a bit like a college dining hall, except for the occasional screaming babies. Opt for the tables near the reflecting pools. Morning buffet is largely western-hotel style, with a few Japanese and Australian dishes--those countries comprise the bulk of the guests here--to complement.Overall a great stay, and an amazing value. I'd have marked this with a five symbol Excellent but for the at times odd housekeeping--I had the same bar of soap all week--the absent management, and the lackluster fitness center. Get past these issues--and some of the isolation--and this may be the best $75 per night hotel in the world.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best   showReview(3751553, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Toffeeyyy
<Content>Good Value for Money Spent   showReview(3538894, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Total relaxation       view of one of the pools  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheMcs
<Content>villas lovelly   showReview(3322721, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!   showReview(3314460, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best hotel i have ever stayed at   showReview(3242633, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hotel-snob-london
<Content>A Remote Get Away with great golf course   showReview(2968525, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Bali Sunset   showReview(2605313, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will be back   showReview(2283091, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pure nirvana!!!!!!!   showReview(2262359, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doudou2b
<Content>tres bel hotel   showReview(23365781, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Robertina7
<Content>Tanah Lot...   showReview(23175953, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>銇裤仼銈娿亹銇?> 銇裤仼銈娿亹銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銇婃皸銇叆銈娿伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21414351, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mnobelen
<Content>Un vrai hotel de luxe   showReview(20230443, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Vertigo05
<Content>Superbe hotel       Vue ext茅rieure  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>boeuf_carotte
<Content>beau cadre dans un hotel intrenational sans grand int茅r锚t       vue de la plage pr猫s de l'hotel  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>cherrydolou
<Content>Le Paradis sur terre !       Une des piscines  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜屽洖鐩仹銇欍亴绱犳櫞銇椼亜   showReview(19168753, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>joligathor
<Content>luxe et volupt茅 脿 BALI       Vue sur le tanah lot au petit d茅jeuner  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屾渶楂樸仹銇欙紒   showReview(19160039, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩仧銇涖倞灏姐亸銇涖倞銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19160005, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈淬儷銉曘倰銇椼仾銇忋仸銈傜礌鏅淬倝銇椼亜   showReview(19159880, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bdelmotte
<Content>tres bonnes vacances   showReview(5502235, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儩銉笺儎銇渶閬?#x201d;   showReview(19157564, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屽簝銇勩€傛湞椋熴伄銉?..   showReview(19921919, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰鑸┖銇洿琛屼究銇э紥...   showReview(19916902, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

