<Author>amylmb
<Content>An OK finish to our holiday, although we expected better. Stayed at the Marriott Circular Quay as a last minute splash-out for our last evening on holiday. We were in room 2201 which was touted as a room with Opera House view. This was true, but you had to be in the smallish window looking far to the left to see it. Otherwise, it was a great view over the city and part of the harbour. Pros: Very well located in the heart of CBD at Circular Quay. Very clean rooms with modern pleasant decor. Good shower and bath. Excellent fluffy bed and high quality linens. Great breakfast bar with a huge selection. Staff were very helpful and concerned, however......the Cons: the staff also seemed to be completely unorganized and a bit flustered with handling the continuous influx of clients (this is an enourmous hotel/conference center, and everything that this implies.). The car valet area was always very busy and the wait was always long. They lost our car keys (incorrectly tagged) at one point, but did hustle to remedy the situation for us. This room (2201) is not recommended due to its location near the elevators...the hall noises were very loud and clear, although the walls were well-insulated and we never had noise from neighbors. Overall, with a few minor snaffoos, it was a nice place to stay; however if you are seeking perfection or an incredible end to your holiday, I'd recommend finding something else.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>kangagirl
<Content>Excellent service and a great view       Part of our view  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>vwp
<Content>Excellent Location As most have said, this location cannot be bettered. Right down the road there are water taxis, ferries, buses, and the subway. But since you are right near the Quay, you might not want to leave.The hotel is a typical large high class impersonal hotel. We had no particularly good view from our room. Great shower, clattering toilet seat, heavy quilt. We ate a delicious steak dinner in the restaurant the first night, but for breakfast went a block down the street to Starbucks for a coffee and croissant.I like the Hyde Park Marriott better because it is easier to drive to, they have a coin laundry, and all around it is friendlier.Can't beat the location on the Quay though.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>berylQueensland
<Content>Great place Stayed here with two young children.Service was excellent.Rooms were clean and comfortable.Location was wonderful.Within walking distance to many of Sydney's attractions.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ghanno
<Content>Exceeded my expectations LOCATION: The hotel is located quite centrally on Pitt St, about a seven minute walk to Pitt St mall and a two minute walk to Circular Quay (near the Opera House and The Rocks). The closest train station would be Circular Quay and the next one after that would be Wynyard. THE ROOM: We stayed in a standard room with city views and a king size bed. The d茅cor was surprisingly nice and quite stately. The bed was extremely comfortable and there are some nice black and white framed photographs of the harbour bridge. There is in-room broadband internet access at $9.95/hour or $19.95/24 consecutive hours. There is also an in-room safe and tea and coffee making facilities. The TV wasn鈥檛 flat screen although there was a wide selection of cable channels available. There is also an iron and ironing board in the wardrobe. The bathroom was also very clean and included a hair dryer. It was well-stocked with products from the 鈥楢romatherapy鈥?brand and there was shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and moisturiser (all with lemongrass) as well as facial soap and body soap. It was impressive that the Marriott is environmentally conscious, like other hotels, and allows guests to select whether they鈥檇 like to have their linen and towels changed daily by indicating so with a card placed on the bed, etc. SERVICE: Check-in was very fast and the front desk staff were friendly. I found that the concierge on the particular night that we stayed didn鈥檛 seem to keen to help, however. The Marriott has an 鈥楢t Your Service鈥?button on the phone so you no longer have to AMENITIES: There is a relatively large gym with free weights, weighted equipment, treadmills, bikes, rowing machines, etc. but the equipment is rather outdated and the gym provides a water fountain but not bottled water for free. There is also a pool and a spa as well as a sauna. I believe there is a business centre but we never used it. IN-ROOM DINING: The $35/head breakfast price is outrageous so we didn鈥檛 actually eat breakfast here. We did, however, have in-room dining. The hotel has a policy that the room service is free if it takes more than 45 minutes to deliver. We ordered room service and were told that it would be about 30 minutes. It arrived after 17 minutes, which is quite impressive. The quality of the food was very good, albeit expensive.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SaltyDog79
<Content>A Few Tips I stayed at this Marriot for business for one week. I would come back for both business or pleasure. Definitely a place you could come for business and bring the family as there is plenty to do and see. I can echo what others have said in that the location is unbeatable along with the stunning views. I'll skip repeating what has already said and try to give a few helpful hints.A few tips:1. Do eat at the Sydney Cafe Restaurant. It's a short 5 minute stroll. It has indoor/outdoor seating on the roof with an breathtaking view of the harbor. The food will please and the mixed drinks are unique and well executed. The service was good but American's beware they serve at a European pace (slow). The atmosphere is excellent and not too formal but you shouldn't wear too casual clothes (no jeans and sneakers). A polo and khakis will do just fine. If you have business colleagues in town this is the perfect place to take them. If you want to try the native Rocks oysters (no much brine, a little sweet) go the Waterfront restaurant - they were better there. Pricewise the entrees are all about 35 Australian Dollars or about 25 US. 2. Try the Kangaroo! It's sort of like venison but not as gamy. The Marriot has it on the room service menu. 3. Opt for the rate that includes breakfast. The breakfast buffet is $35 AUD each if purchased at the restaurant but if you opt for the rate that includes it when you book it's only $20 per day more for two adults.4. Jet lag? Head to the spa for the Jet Lag package ladies! It includes a facial and massage. They use dermatologica products and seemed to have a good amount of experience. The spa is not luxorious by any means. Just little rooms off the gym, the prices were average but the service was excellent. 5. The gym is well equipped for a hotel. Free weights, check. Cardio machines, check. Weight machines, check. 6. The business center has a small conference room with seating for 4 around a small table. You can book it thru the front desk or if you only need it for a short time just walk in and use it. No one seemed to mind. The bar staff will bring food/drinks in their for you if you ask. 7. Beware of the phone. You can only make credit card or collect calls. No simply dialing and seeing it show up on the bill. For whatever bizarre reason you cannot make a 1800 call even if you try to pay for it. Not such a big deal until you need to call American Airlines to reschedule a cancelled flight on a Saturday and the Australian office is shut! Had to have the hubby deal with it from the US. Also, the phone in my room did not work properly. They never did fix it. It seemed to be a line issue. People would just cut out or their was a huge amount of noise on the line.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Coasters
<Content>Great spot for R and R At the end of a busy year, this was a great spot for three nights of relaxation. The room was large, bed comfortable and room service excellent and well priced, I thought. The gym, which I used twice, was very well equiped. I was delighted with my view of the bridge from the 18th floor. The hotel is well positioned between The Rocks and the main retail area - I will be back.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>oztravellerLeeds
<Content>Wow what location, upgrade to an opera house view room My wife and I sateyd at the hotel in November, we upgraded to an Opera house view room which was excellent, much larger than a city view and the view we had was worth a million, cannot fault it.bedroom was clean and very comfortable, bathroom large and clean.But it was the views that will leave the most endearing memories.Food was excellent.Cannot recommend it enough  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jasper147
<Content>Great Hotel - Cold Food This is a great hotel with very clean and nicely appointed rooms with lovely views of the harbour. Staff were generally very friendly and we had no real problems except we felt the food was ordinary. We ordered hot food from the bar menu after coming back after a show and not only was there a long wait, it was basically cold when we got it. Cocktails were small and overpriced for what you got. The food in the buffet breakfast was cold also. I selected my food from the buffet and went straight back to my table and it was hardly warm and certainly cold by the time I was about half way through. Great location and place to stay but be careful of the food. We didn't have an evening meal in the restaurant though so I can't comment on that. They need to watch those food temperatures though or someone is going to end up with some serious food poisoning.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>liamuk2
<Content>Fantastic hotel in a great location       View from room at night  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Marc_on_TV
<Content>Wonderful stay We stayed at the Marriott for our first three nights in Australia. Everyone was very kind. We were on the 21st floor and had a view of the opera house. The hotel has a building blocking the bridge, but it was not a bother to us. The service in the lounge on the 30th floor is outstanding. Always willing to help.Couple of things to note, if you want your laundry done go to the wash at the rocks M-F and they will deliver to your hotel for a small fee, if you do it at the hotel...it will cost you. Overall this is a good hotel and the best Marriott location wise for staying in Sydney.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>girlish_sista
<Content>All Round Good Hotel! Unbeatable Location!! A girlfriend and I booked a weekend away and chose the Marriot when our first choice in a hotel turned out to be unsuitable. We were not dissapointed.Having been to Sydney many many times, the hotel is in an unbeatable location. Within 50M walking distance is Circular Quay, which will give you access to ferries all over the harbour, as well as Manly and the North Shore. The Circular Quay train station is also 50M away and will give any keen tourist access to the rail network.We were pleased to be able to walk down to the bars and have a nice drink. On Sunday we also ventured to the markets, and though heavily geared towards non Australian tourists, they were nice to wander through and probably an easy 500-600Metres walk from the hotel.The package we received included valet parking, and upon arrival we were greeted and the car was quickly taken away. A big relief that we didn't have to navigate a parking garage ourselves.The staff were lovely, and we were given a room, as requested, with 2 double beds. The room was tastefully decorated, and very clean. The bathroom was very clean also with lots of space. A nice treat when 2 women are travelling together. There was also a small desk and lounge chair.A buffet breakfast was also included the next day and it was lovely. 1 of the best i have had. Espresso coffee/ hot chocolates / lattes were included. This is very rare. Champagne was also available and included. A pancake, omlette and egg chef was also on hand, and plenty of everything. There was however a long line when we were leaving, so probably best to get there before 10.30 am on a Sunday morning.We also sampled room service when we got home after a few drinks and though a little pricey, it was absolutely beautiful and delivered very quickly. In fact, they have a policy that if it isn't delivered in 45 minutes it's free.Overall, a great hotel in an awesome location. We will definitely stay again and reccommend to our friends.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ladybugx87
<Content>Great Location, Good enough hotel I stayed at the Marriott Circular Quay for 6 nights in November 2008 as the last leg of an around the world business trip. My flight arrived early in the morning but I was still able to check in and get my room. The room was quite clean and the updated bathroom was very nice! They cleaned my room well every day.Concierge was very friendly and helped with dinner reservations, etc but rest of staff were not great. The bar closes quite early.I used the gym a few times and enjoyed runs over the Sydney Bridge in the morning. The gym is quite crowded because there are non hotel guests that pay to use the gym. The equipment was nice though.Check out was easy as well.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Lisa799
<Content>Fantastic Stay Stayed at the Sydney Harbour Marriott hotel during September 2008 as part of our trip around Oz. The location is fantastic only a 5 minutes walk to the harbour ferry terminal. The hotel itself is beautiful and well worth the money. We had an opera view room which was amazin and really made our stay. The room was spacious and quite luxurious. Staff very friendly and helpful particularly concierge had excellent knowledge about the local area. Internet is quite expensive but convenient. The pool is ok but very cold so we only visited once.While we were in Sydney we walked the harbour bridge which was the highlight of our trip although expensive is well worth the money - an experience we will never forget. The Sydney Aquarium is worth a visit but the Wildlife Attraction is not as good and there are far better similar places in other parts of Oz. We also went on the Jet Boat ride which is an amzing experience but be prepared to get very wet. We didn't get the chance to visit the Blue Mountains which we have been told is excellent. Bondi beach is ok and worth visiting just to say you have been there but would definitely recommend a visit to Manly Bay which is much better.Eating out in Sydney is quite expensive as is any city but we found an excellent pub Phillips Foote in The Rocks where you can bbq your own food at quite a reasonable price. Authentic experience and the staff were excellent would definitely recommend.All in all had a fabulous time in Sydney which was made by our stay at the Sydney Harbour Marriott will definitely recommend and stay again in the future.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>waddehra
<Content>Fascinating experience Hotel location  the ambience is completly out of the world. Starting from morning to the night every time you peep out of the window you get a completly different  fascinating view.The hotel staff  the services provided are top notch but the options available at the restaurant can be better. I would suggest that you take your rooms on the second floor from where the view of the opera House, Bridge  the sea is fabolous.For Indian's the best option is to stray out  go to the road side cafe's.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BostonPetvet
<Content>Good Business Hotel in Great Location       First View of the Bridge - And we Climbed It!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>baloobear
<Content>What you would expect from a Marriott I used my reward points to stay here and it is what you would expect from a Marriott. I arrived early in the morning from my international flight, and the check in team couldn't have been more obliging - whilst a room wasn't ready there is an arrivals room where you can shower and change. As i was a gold card holder, I was given access to the exec lounge and went up for breakfast - again cheery staff to greet and my room was ready - on the same floor.The rooms could do with some refurbishment the interiors are classic, but not as modern as other marriott properties. The TV system had a habit of crashing, and internet access is pretty pricey!!That being said it is a corporate hotel, and what you would expect from Marriott. Location is very handy for all the sights being only a stones throw from the ferries and a 15 minute walk to Darling Harbour.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mokohh
<Content>Officially 5 stars - 4 star prices - 2 star standard of rooms We were looking forward to our stay (after visiting only BBs in OZ) and were very dissapointed.The rooms are out of date, they are dirty, the technoligy (TV etc.) is bad....Don't go, even if you get a good deal (like we did).Only: The Location is perfect for starting the day (ferries etc. nearby).  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	3	2	2	

<Author>irishgalinabq
<Content>Irritated by the bad service and duplicate charges Yesterday was our wedding day. It was a perfect day UNTIL we checked into the Marriott on Circular Quay. We live in Sydney so we had booked into the Marriott as a treat for our wedding night. We had booked through another website so we had paid in advance. When we were checking in, we were in our wedding clothes so the receptionist was very nice to us and even said he would send up a complimentary bottle of wine to celebrate the wedding. He also offered us a late check out of 1pm. We headed up to our room which was pretty basic. We called room service and asked for some bath robes so that when we returned from our wedding dinner we could change out of our formal clothes. After about an hour we went to dinner-the bath robes had still not arrived. After we returned from dinner we checked for the bathrobes as I was dying to take off my corset and wedding dress. No bathrobes. So my (new!) husband called down and asked for them again. We were told they had already been delivered. We checked the whole room-no sign of them. To this the person on the phone sighed and responded that they HAD been delivered but he would send the guy up with two more and that it may take a while as the guy who delivers robes was busy. Eventually, as we were about to fall asleep the robes were delivered. The robe guy was pretty apologetic and said that he had delivered the robes to the room next door earlier by accident. There were also a number of other problems-the cold water was not running in the sink so the only choice for hand washing was hot water only which was uncomfortably hot. Of course, we never received our complimentary bottle of wine.And we just checked our bank account and they have charged us a SECOND time for the hotel room. I'm not sure why they charged us again as when my husband checked out there was no outstanding charges on the bill. I called to see what the charge was for and before I could even explain the situation, a very rude lady told me I would have to contact accounts when they open at 9am tomorrow. So yes, I don't think I would recommend the Marriott and we definitely will not be using this chain again. We were expecting a great experience from a 5 star hotel. We have had much better experiences in other hotels.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>FrequentTraveller154
<Content>Valet parking WARNING Do not leave your car in the hands of this hotel. The valets damaged our vehicle while parking it. When we handed over the keys to our car, they did not warn us about the risk of leaving our car with them. We have given the hotel a chance to respond but after months of phoning and emailing their employee Derek Malley and the General Manager, Jennifer Brown, they refuse to accept responsibility. If you are willing to take the risk and leave your car with this hotel, be prepared to wait 15 minutes for them to retrieve the car.Also, this hotel takes many coachloads of tourists. The porters will just leave the luggage of 100+ people across the inside entrance of the hotel. So if you are travelling alone or as a couple, be prepared to carry your own bags and to wade through miles of luggage to get out of the front entrance of the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>emma726
<Content>UNFRIENDLY FRONT DESK STAFF  What a disappointment The Marriott Sydney Habour at Circular Quay was! The rooms were wrong and not ready, even though I had booked and paid at least 8 months in advance. They booked the rooms in my son-in-law's name and wouldn't even put my name on my room even though I booked the rooms in my name and was expecting an important phone call. What kind of rule is that? The staff was rude, snobbish and couldn't care less about our discomfort. the rooms were no better, the refridgerator was'nt cold, we had to buy ice and pay for the delivery. The location was okay, but certainly was'nt worth price of the awful treatment of the clerks or the mediocre rooms. Emma  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>eek-i-saw-a-mouse
<Content>Great location       The view from an "opera house view" room  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scottishlass8
<Content>Great hotel, brilliant location, helpful staff Stayed in the Marriott for 7 nights at the end of August. Arrived at the hotel at 6am exhausted after an overnight flight and were delighted to find that we could check into our room early. Our room had a view of the harbour bridge and had a very comfy queen bed with loads of pillows. The housekeeping staff even managed to find a diamond earring I thought I'd lost. We didn't eat in the hotel so I can't comment on the food. Very pleased with our stay and would recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WVTravelGirl
<Content>Fantastic location! You can't beat the location. You really are paying for that. The indoor pool was cold to me....I don't know if it was really heated or not. The bed was extraordinarily comfortable. I sat on the windowsill and watched the sun rise over the opera house....that was great. Your view of the opera house is going to be of the back of it so keep that in mind.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chrissievw
<Content>overpriced and not up to usual marriott We are frequent marriott users and were very disappointed. The standard room was small and could have been any 4 star hotel. The worst thing was the service though. Because we were sightseeing we got back late a few nights and ate in the bar. The food took FOREVER to come and was a very limited menu and not good nor hot when it came. it was almost impossible to get a waiter to take our order for drinks and my husband ended up every night going to the bar and getting them himself. Cocktails are very overpriced, small and not very good. Seafood buffet was good though. Location of hotel great though. We highly reccommend a nearby chinese restaurant to eat - you turn out of the hotel to the right and go up an escalator in the next building along to the first floor. It looks like you are going into an office block but it.s there! The food is wonderful as evidenced by the number of chinese eating there. Also if you go in the door before its a well hidden small shopping mall adn you can get away from the bustle of sydney in a courtyard and get a coffee, sandwich, pastry or go to the chemist or newsagent. We are huge Marriott fans but this hotel was a great dissappointment  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>SGGSPAIN
<Content>My favorite hotel in Sydney We stayed at the Marriott for the second year running and the location is great.Just had the one night this year and left on Australia Day.Only a couple of hundred meters from the rocks and still an easy walk into the main shopping areas in Sydney.All the staff are very good especially in the spacious bar area on the ground floor with a special mention for Robert. The beds are comfortable and the hotel has a relaxed feeling.We hope to spend a couple of days in Sydney this year and will stay at the Marriott.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimmyandHeather
<Content>Overpriced but in a great location First of all the location is just fantastic and in all honesty that's what you're paying for because at 拢140 a night (without breakfast!!) the overall quality of the rooms doesn't justify it.It was mid winter in Sydney and our room was always a bit cool even with the AC set to 30C !!! and it was also disappointingly small in comparison to rooms we've had at various Mandarin Orientals and Hyatts.Reception and Concierge are helpful but we booked an early check in but did not recieve it but we were given a courtesy room. We stayed here for four nights at the beginning of our 3 week trip and when we came back to Sydney to fly back to the UK we stayed at the Rendevous Stafford in The Rocks which was about half the price and our room was twice as good (complete with well equipped Kitchenette) and breakfast was included.We would not stay at the Marriot again if the Rendevous had rooms.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ne_quine
<Content>A little luxury to end our round Australia trip       The view at night  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JulzE
<Content>Good location, comfortable, good meeting facilities I was here for a meeting so the hotel was not my choice, and I hadn't stayed here before. It is of a high standard and the lobby is very grand. There is a staircase to three mezanine floors of bar/restaurant/meeting/function rooms so the lobby has a very spacious feel. Check in staff were pleasant, but check out staff were confused as to who was paying my bill - that may not have been their fault, but it did take quite some time to sort out.My room was very nice and the decor was pleasant. The bathroom looks to have been given a mini-face lift which gives it a bit more of an up to date look than it might have had otherwise. I didn't think I had a view until I looked slightly to the right and realised that I had quite a good view of the bridge, albeit framed by tall buildings that were occupied by office workers until quite late at night.The location is good depending on where you want to be (obviously). If you want to be in the heart of shopping then you need to go a bit further up Pit St. But its close to the Quay and the ferry terminals, walking distance to the shops, picture theatres, monorail and the rocks area, and the botanic gardens. So pretty central for all these things. Its almost just across the road from circular quay station and about 2 blocks from Wynyard station. Taxis were easy to hail from the front door.If/when I stay here again I will skip the breakfast which at $33 is not good value. I'd rather go for a walk and have a breakfast at one of the city cafes where you can get a hot breakfast for around $10.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>TCP-GDI
<Content>Great Location, spectacular views We stayed here for 3 nights at the start of our month-long trip to Australia and were very pleased with the hotel.- Room was not huge but was of sufficient size so you don't feel cramped.- We had access to the executive lounge, and the views from the lounge were absolutely fantastic.- The location of the hotel is fabulous, 1 minute walk to Circular Quay and the harbor, ferries, etc.- There was a Wagamama's restaurant just behind the hotel, which was great for a cheap quality meal.We would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone. Its especially great if you can use your marriott points for a free stay!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sweetstarneon
<Content>mixed feelings about hotel I stayed in the hotel on 21 June 2008. I was a bit disappointed because I originally booked (through the Marriott website) a non-smoking king bed room. We checked in very early on 21 June and our room was not ready, so we came back late in the peace.When we came back to the hotel, we were given a double bed smoking room. I was extremely disappointed with this, as I specifically asked that my preference would be a non-smoking room double bed, but I got smoking.I had previously stayed at the Marriott in Victoria, Canada in 2007 and was very impressed with the facilities and location. Unfortunately, with these expectations in mind, I was expecting that the Sydney Harbourside Marriott would be the same - unfortunately, it wasn't as good. I do have to say that the Marriott in Victoria was recently renovated in the last year, but the Harbourside Marriott has not been and I saw this in the room.For those who were thinking of staying in a opera house room (I stayed in one of these rooms on the 19th floor), it is not quite what you think. You can see the opera house, but the view is seen through in between 2 buildings to the left and right of the window - you don't have a 180 degree view which looks directly onto the opera house (if that makes any sense). Also, your room faces east, so when you go and open the blinds in the morning, the sun comes directly into your room/face and blinds you. I do not recall seeing in the room a USB port (which I saw at the Victoria Marriott) which would have been handy to charge an ipod (for example).The reason why I'm posting this post is because of something that happened on the evening of 21 June, which I was a bit concerned about. I went down to the health club on Saturday evening around 7pm. Firstly, the spa was empty and did not have any water in it (was covered up). So if you have expectations of having a spa in the winter at this Marriott, forget it!Secondly, for those who have children and were thinking about using the pool, the pool does not have a shallow depth for you to stand on (I was planning to do some aqua exercises and couldn't, because I'm short and couldn't touch the bottom of the swimming pool without my head being submerged!). The pool is 1.4 metres deep all the way around. Nice pool, despite this.Finally, the biggest concern for me was that I was there for 40 minutes and the health club in that time was not manned. I was appalled because of the swimming pool and the dangers of children drowning - too bad, no one was there to save you if you drowned. Also, there are lockers, but at the time I was there, there was no keys for the lockers, so you could use them. I went to the desk and because it wasn't manned, I couldn't get help,The sauna was very nice, I must admit (though it was not steaming when I was there - it was nice and hot!).With the Bvlgari pack you get, you only get one soap bar, bath salts and something else for ONE person (not for 2 people). We also didn't have bathrobes in our room, so that was a bit sad.Finally, the buffet breakfast is good (on the whole). The fruit was very sweet and nice (given the fact that it is winter in Sydney). Don't go at 10am - we had to queue for 10 minutes before getting a table!I forgot to mention - the location is excellent - 2 minutes walk from the airport train and circular quay. Loved the location of the hotel. You pay for the location though. Walking distance to many things.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>aussie1Sydney
<Content>this is the best! Out of all the five stars that I have stayed at in Sydney, this was the best by far!The level of service was outstanding, from check in through to dining room service.Had booked a room and was upgraded to a suite because it was my wife's birthday! They have an Executive Lounge that you are given access to which has free coffee and drinks. The staff in here went out of their way to make us feel welcome and could not do enough to help. The room itself was very comfortable with magnificent views over Sydney Harbour and the Opera House.Breakfast was very nice with an egg chef on hand to freshly prepare omelettes, pancakes etc.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>faranghusband
<Content>Solid Choice This is a typical American chain hotel 鈥?everything working well, nothing fancy. We have chosen this hotel because they allow 2 adults plus 2 children in a room (not so common in Sydney) and because of the Opera House view. The surcharge for Opera view was certainly worth it, also because rooms on this side of the building are significantly larger than those towards city or bridge. The Marriott is in an excellent position for transportation (ferries, trains, buses) and for business (post office in the same building and ANZ bank across the street, for instance). The immediate area is of limited interest for tourists, especially in the evening and during weekends when everything is closed. Darling Harbour might be a better location for family vacations. Alpha Caf茅 is in the same building and it offers quick bites at reasonable prices (for the area). Friendly service, too. Recommended for breakfast. Closed Sunday. One thing we particularly liked was the friendly maid service. The maid always cleaned our room early in the morning so it was ready when the kids returned for a nap.A few things could be improved:- The mattress was far too soft- I don鈥檛 quite understand their policy towards early arrivals. They have the arrivals lounge, which is a very generous gesture. On the other hand, they only started checking in people after 11am. Checkout process was in full swing when we arrived at 8am, so it should be possible to have rooms ready a bit earlier (?)- Morning newspapers and turndown service should be standard at 5 star hotels. At this Marriott, they are only available on request.- Windows can鈥檛 be opened  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>invisigirl23
<Content>Comfortable hotel Stayed here for 2 nights as part of a work awards night. It was a very pleasant stay, the room was spacious and decorated in heritage colours. Being a work package we were in the cheapest rooms, so didn't have a view, but no complaints as the room made up for it.Very close to Circular Quay and MCA where the event was held.My only complaint was the hotel didn't deliver the welcome letter explaining when to arrive at the event and that there would be a photographer outside to snap professional mementos of the evening, so as a result only about 10% of the guests knew about this.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>winvin
<Content>Excellent convenient location!! Average service...       Harbour View Room  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>KPS92-5
<Content>Great Location, Pay the Extra for the Opera House View Great location, terriffic service and wonderful view (from select rooms). We spent our 10th wedding anniversay trip (adult only trip is ex the 3 kids) at the Marriott and it was excellent.The hotel is a half block from Circular Quay which is the harbor area around the Opera house, Harbor bridge, dozens of excellent restaurants and shopping in the Rocks. Restaurants Near by:- Cafe Sydeny on the fifth floor of the customs house was our favorite. Need to reserve a terrace table overlooking the opera house and bridge, best inthe harbor. - Quay on 3nd floor of Overseas Terminal has the best side view of the Opera house of any of the restaurants. - Aria at the end of the pier just next to the Opera house was OK but I think over rated and we personally would not return to this one preferring instead to go back to Cafe Sydney or Quay.Activities:- Wine Country: Red Carpet tours out of the Marriott to the Hunter Valley vineyards was very nice. An all day event thouhg, 0730-1800...Visited three wineries, had brefast with the kangaroos on the way, choclate factory and a great lunch. We were lucky to have only one other couple with us.- Live Music: The Basement litterally next to the Marriott is an excellent live jazz club (all AUS bars and restaurants are NON smoking:) )-Bridge Climb: You get to go to the top of the Harbor Bride, makes for excellent photos overlooking the Opera House and city. It's a 3.5 hour event and is superbly organized, completely profesional and very safety conscious. You are connected to the bridge the enitire time by a cable but you are very free to walk to walk and climb ladders. A must do experience....- Bondi Beach: A ~$20 tai ride away, it a very popular spoke for locals with a very nice cliff walk trail starting form here connecting to adjecent beaches. We enjoyed walking the trail, eating at one of the many side walk cafes and drinks from the bar over the swim club at the one end of the beach offers excellent views...-Roayl Botanica Gardens: great place for liesurely walks and photo taking just next to the opera houseShopping - Rocks Market by the base of the Harbor Bridge was excellent for artisian type items of very good quality are reasonable prices. Most prices are marked and haggling is minimal. Lots of jewerly, photos, art work, books, puzzles, food items, kids plush animals, and some clothing items - Pitt Street Mall area It's in walking distance to dozens of excellent restaurants.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>COTravelers22
<Content>Great Service, Good View from room We are frequent travelers and booked our room with Marriott using reward pts. We paid the extra surcharge for a room with an Opera House view, and it was worth it! We had a very nice room on high floor. The room and hotel were very clean. Our room was good size and the bathroom was large enough. There was a light bulb out in the bathroom and it was replaced promptly. Instant coffee in the room, not a coffee maker like you may be familiar with at Marriott's in the US. (Starbucks around the corner). The hotel is in a fabulous location. We were able to walk (or catch a ferry) to just about everything. The front desk was extremely accommodating! We had placed an early check-in request when we made our reservation but our flight was even earlier than expected. We were able to check-in at 9 am. Check-in and check-out was very efficient. The concierge desk was very helpful also. We had rented an Avis car from their lobby (convenient). However, we ended up cancelling the car because everything was within walking distance except the day we planned in the Blue Mtns. The concierge helped us book a trip with a driver and 4wd vehicle instead.There are hotels in the harbour area that probably have a better view but you will pay more.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Kram3474
<Content>Ok business hotel - not bad, but you can do better Having seen how highly this hotel scores on Trip Advisor, I'm left feeling that some other reviewers could have a career as wine critics. ;-)I travel a lot and stay in a lot of business hotels around Asia. This hotel doesn't cut it as a 5 star hotel. It perhaps just scrapes through as a 4 star, but more realistically, it's a 3 and a half. There is nothing dramatic to fault, it's just old and tired and the service is hit  miss.Yes, the rooms are clean, and if you are lucky you get a good view of the harbour  the opera house (but you would also get this at any of the many high-rise hotels at this end of town). And yes, the location is good if you are a tourist or if you work at the north end of the CBD (otherwise only average). There is an Avis desk with available cars at the hotel, which is very convenient. BUT, the bathroom is small, basic and dated. A minimal update some time recently didn't really disguise this. The air conditioning is noisy, and still has a not-very-accurate dial on the wall as it's controller. The furniture  fixtures show plenty of signs of a tough life.No doubt, if you stay here, you will be comfortable enough, but don't expect 5 star standard. And for this money, there are better options.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>CleaSan
<Content>Small Room with a side view of the bridge       The room  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>wal_on_hol
<Content>Great location. Great views. We spent three nights at this hotel in April 2008. We paid extra for a room with a view of the Opera House, however, as the hotel is down one of the side streets, we weren鈥檛 expecting much of a view. We were pleasantly surprised 鈥?great view from the side window of our 27th floor room. We caught the train to Circular Quay from the airport for around $16 per person. It was much less hassle than catching a cab through traffic on a Friday afternoon 鈥?and we were in our hotel room within 45 minutes of our plane landing. The hotel staff were very friendly and efficient. The room was comfortable and quiet, with everything you need (good shower, bath tub, lots of pillows).The room service menu is extensive (and expensive) and our food took 45 minutes to arrive. The food was okay as far as room service goes. The hotel is very close to Cafe Sydney in the Customs House (we could actually see the restaurant from our room). We had an excellent dinner there and would highly recommend it (although make sure you book well in advance). There is a convenience store straight across the road from the hotel. Although prices are not marked on anything, it is more reasonable than the convenience shop down at Circular Quay and has a good range of things. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from the Mall and main shopping area. We paid about $10 to catch a cab to the Powerhouse Museum. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OpusTheCat
<Content>Great Hotel, Service, and Location       bathroom  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Junkster
<Content>Wonderful Stayed there in April on a special package deal offered by the hotel and advertised in The Age newspaper. It included a double room with city views, breakfasts and free valet parking (unsually costly in the centre of Sydney).We were given a room with a great views of the bridge and harbour which was wonderful. The location is also great - a short walk to the Rocks, Circular Quay, restaurants and the gardens.Our only complaints were that we were charged for one breakfast each day which was odd as there was two of us staying there. This was quickly sorted at check-out and no charge was made to us. Another hiccup was the rudeness of the valet parking attendant who was very rude and condescending. However, the check-in and room staff were extremely helpful and friendly and professional.Overall, I would certainly stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>skyfriendbrighton
<Content>Great hotel, best location in Sydney The room was smallish, spotlessly clean and modern, lovely new bathroom. Lovely comfy soft bed. Sliding shutters instaed of curtains ensured proper blackout. Room service prompt and staff friendly. Main plus about this Marriott is the location though - it is less than 5 minutes walk (about 150 Metres) from Circular Quay. I had a direct view of the Harbour bridge right out of the window. I really enoyed my stay here.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>chocolatefriend
<Content>Lovely hotel Had a lovely stay for 4 nights in a king room. The 2 nights Fri and Sat included stunning buffet breakfast for $345 a night and then the rate increased for the Sunday and Monday but no breakfast included ?! Great view on 18th floor of Opera House and the best thing really is the location. Just a short walk to the restaurants and life of the harbour. Hint if you want a cheap breakfast and healthy lunch right next door is a great cafe !The hotel pool says heated but it feels cold ! Ask room service for your robes as they are free for your stay and so is a shoe shine ! The desk staff are very helpful and prompt. We were able to fax information for business for free, the concierges were great and very quick to look anything up they didn't know and the taxis prompt from out the front. About $30 to the airport. Requested a late check out the night before and we were able to stay until 2pm @ no extra charge due to late flight. Lovely gesture. Handy map at the desk, short walk to the centre of town for shopping and make sure you do the Walking tour of the Rocks. The tour guides are brilliant ! Comfy bed, excellent black out facility (best in hotel ever )and rooms were clean. I would say this is a 4.5 star establishment. The atmosphere is elegant but welcoming. Looking forward to trying the Marriott in Liverpool UK later in the year !  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chianti_girl24
<Content>Super location We stayed here our last night in Australia, making our way back to to Sydney fly out. We stayed in Darling Harbour the first 4 nights in Sydney which was nice, but now that I know about this hotel and its location, I would stay here with no hesitation. Walking to the ferries, the Opera House and The Rocks was a breeze. The ladies in the Executive Suite were full of great suggestions on dinner spots and made our reservations for us. We even got to see Chris Robinson who was on tour in Australia while there. A star sighting is always fun! The room was great. Corner room with a view of the Opera House and Harbour. You can't go wrong staying at this Marriott.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>janellb
<Content>Not nearly worth the price I stayed here for 3 days. It was extremely overpriced. The rooms were alright, the service was alright. But they made me pay extra for internet in my room (when I paid full price for the room) and even in the business center. I was stuck on my floor for 15 mins waiting for an elevator to check out. Other than the location, it was mediocre at best. I've stayed at places in Sydney that had the same location pluses for much cheaper and have enjoyed my stay much more. I will not be staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Slamar
<Content>Excellent Sydney Harbour Location I stayed at this property 3/1/08-3/14/08 for business. The hotel rooms were very spacious with nice bathrooms, a robe, a small hotel bar/refrigerator, coffee maker, and safe. The showers were excellent - plenty of hot water and excellent water pressure. The gym was okay, with several treadmills, stairclimbers, stationary bikes, and machines to work the legs and arms. However, they did not have any machines that worked the abs, something needed after all of the seafood that I consumed! Pool area looked nice, but I didn't actually use the pool. The hotel location was perfect for the Central Business District, and walking to the office was very easy. The hotel is also half a block from the Circular Quay bus stops and ferry dock - excellent. We took buses to Bondi beach and Watson's Bay and the ferriy to Manly Beach. Back to food - there are also plenty of restaurants near the hotel, including a wonderful Italian restaurant right next door. The hotel also has a phenomenal seafood buffet available nightly, with expanded offerings on the weekend. I went during the week and had my fill of crab legs, jumbo prawns, and many other excellent dishes, including multiple mini-desserts. The lobby bar area offers live music Wednesday - Saturday. The Wednesday night piano/jazz singer John Harkins, a Chicago native, made my stay that much more enjoyable - have a nice club sandwich, some tiramisu and a drink and sit back and enjoy the music. The staff in the lobby bar were also outstanding - very attentive and friendly, not overbearing. The only draw back of the hotel was the lack of wireless internet in the rooms - I took my laptop to the lobby to use the wireless access. This is expensive on a daily basis but for 24 actual hours of use at $24.95, this option was very reasonable for a 2 week stay.Concierge staff was also very good - recommended good restaurants, a phenomenal tour to the Blue Mountains, and a place to get my eyeglasses fixed/replaced. They also sold calling cards for the US - very convenient and reasonable.Would definitely stay here again and would recommend the hotel for business and leisure. Had a great time, in part due to the very good service that I experienced from the room attendants, front desk, conceirge, and lobby bar staff!PS - for those arriving early in the AM, they have a lounge where you can relax and freshen up/shower after the LONG flight from the east coast - a nice touch!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>CerisTenby
<Content>Fab! Stayed at this hotel for four nights and it was fab. Our room was on the 27th floor and we had a super view of the opera house. Excellent location near to Circular Quay, the opera house, the harbour bridge and the Rockes. Staff were very friendly and conceige very helpful. Highly recommend the pancakes for breakfast! Had a meal in the hotel bar which was delicoius. Singer and guitarist were also very good. Only complaint, wish the beds in our room were facing the other way as then we would have had a view from them of the opera house and beyond.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mummy_8Melbourne
<Content>Love The Marriott Sydney Harbour You can not beat the Hotel for position, walk to the ferry,resturants etc.and just a 10 min.walk to the main downtown shopping mall. The hotel is very clean and for a large hotel is very quite, we were there over the weekend and the hotel was very busy but still very peaceful. And breakfast was great just so many choices. The only fault I have is with the car parking on check out at 7-05am on a Monday morning it took them 32 mins to bring my car up , so make sure you allow plenty of time, also make sure you get everything you need from your car as you have to get someone to go down with you to get anything from your car. But will go back to the Marriott again.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>Zacharius
<Content>A great experience in a great city Stayed here on a reward for three nights after working in Mascot. This hotel was great - excellent service, comfortable room (mine was on the 29th floor with a nice view of the Opera House), good bar and restaurant with typical hotel prices (but the bar wasn't bad in that respect - get a Bondi Beauty, especially if Annica (sp?) is making it!). It's so easy to get here and to get around - CityRail and Sydney Ferry both operate a block away. I would love to stay here again next time I am in this great city.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	-1	5	4	

<Author>annieo15
<Content>comfortable and convenient Very convenient location, close to ferries and Rocks area. Our room on the executive floor was spacious with superb bed linen, and extremely comfortable beds. We stayed on two separate occasions, the first occasion with shower over bath, but on the second occasion a corner room with very good walk in shower.It was disappointing not to have free internet access in the executive lounge. The ambiance and service in the lobby bar was disappointing for a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cwaNy
<Content>Loved it!!! This was the perfect experience. Traveling as a single female, I felt especially well taken care of by the entire staff at the Sydney Harbour Marriott. The Front Office Manager, Gopu Nayar, was especially helpful. One of the best features of the hotel is its LOCATION! Perfectly situated to the harbour and all of its attractions. A lovely stroll to the Rocks area, the bridge and the Opera House. Immediately upon check in I was upgraded to a room with a view of the bridge The room was nicely appointed, modern, clean, roomy and 'fresh' feeling. I didn't have any meals at the hotel, but there is a small breakfast place right next door to the right, that served a fast, cheap, satisfying breakfast. The gym facilities were very nice as well. Thank you Marriott for making my trip to Sydney start and end on such a positive note!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ks3804
<Content>Loved this place!! I can't say enough about this place. The location is fantastic, the hotel is clean and the staff was great. When we first arrived (after a *very* long series of flights which started in Chicago over a day before,) our room wasn't ready yet (it was only about 9AM though, so it's not their fault.) They have a guest lounge w/bathrooms that have private showers so we were able to get some of the airport grunge off of us so we could go out and explore until our room was ready, which was really nice. The concierge there was *wonderful* -- they helped us get oriented, they booked us concert tickets, they booked us a tour, and they were extremely nice while doing it all. The rooms are lovely, the bed was *really* comfy, and we even lucked out and got a Harbour Bridge view from our room! We would absolutely stay here again if and when we get back to Australia!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>houston77068
<Content>great hotel location Had planned to spend two nights at this hotel prior to a cruise. Due to airline problems missed one night, but the hotel cancelled the missed night and held our room for our arrival. Since we arrived in the early morning hotel held our luggage in storage till a room was available later in the day. Gave us a very nice and comfortable room when check in time came and brought our luggage to the room without asking. Location of the hotel is marvelous, just a long block from Sydney harbor, opera house and cruise terminal. Good transportation for the immediate area as well as to and from airport. Plenty of sightseeing in the neigborhood as well as resturants. Didn't eat at the hotel due to sightseeing. Sydney is very expensive so plan accordingly. Would definitely stay here again  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>aroberta
<Content>A great situation overlooking the harbour A good choice if you are in Sydney for a short stay. Pay the extra for a room with views of the harbour and opera house - it is worth it.Staff very attentive. Breakfast excellent  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>mimi0
<Content>Great location for Sydney sightseeing Stay at the Marriott for 4 nights and experienced the madness/excitement of New Years Eve, albeit with serious jetlag!!!Room had two double beds (2 adults, 2 ten year olds) and a very nice, well laid out bathroom. Breakfast was delicious. We were the jetlaggers who arrived as it opened at 7am each morning!!!! Kids loved the freshly made pancakes. Great choice, ambience and service all round.This hotel is in a prime position for sight-seeing. Walking distance to Opera house and Botanic gardens. Also The Rocks area which is amazing. Boats leaving regular from the Quay for loads of places. We went to Manly beach which was lovely. Also got bus to Bondi from nearby the hotel.Worth paying just for the location if you're on a short maybe-never-to-be-repeated visit!!! Cocktails in the lobby bar were great too - recommend!!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kataTexas
<Content>horrible experience- gave away my prepaid room room not ready; prepaid executive room w/ view on exec floor and did not get my room for 4 adults; so, had to settle for small suite w/ one king bed and 2 roll away beds stuffed in this cramped room; they simply gave away my room! what a bunch of crap! they knew i was prepaid and reserved for 3 mos before and should have had MY room!!!!!!!! since i prepaid, they would not discount this lower grade roomthey were ultra busy...too busy to provide any type of quality service....sad! we were so far away from home and had to put up w/this from what i had previous thought was a quality hotel chainnever again will i trust Marriott..........and as for Hotels.com.....their prepayment requirment sucks! there are alot more hotels in this area to stay at and i would suggest one of them........  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>dungagal
<Content>Great Spot I've stayed here for several work trips..Great spot right by the bridge, Op House and Quay.I recommend going to the Quay for Champagne Breakfast as the sun comes up. Internet here costs $20 day and room service is pricey but lovely beds and nice rooms and quiet location  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Marfak
<Content>Great Location!       THe Marriott Can Be Seen at the Right  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>kipster39
<Content>Great View and location! but........... usual american chain hotel. Location right on circular quay with all its travel links. room had partial view of opera house and water, worth all the money in the world. room large, comfortable, brekfast up on top floor, fine. Would stay here again just for location and view.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seetheworld25
<Content>Loved It! We really couldn't have asked for a nicer stay in Sydney than what we got at the Marriott Sydney Harbour. It is in the best location you could possibly ask for. It's on Circular Quay, a major tourist area and the main ferry terminal, which takes you all around Sydney and the Sydney suburbs. The train station is at Circular Quay as well and will take you all over Sydney and the surrounding region. It's a 5 minute walk from The Rocks, which hosts the Rocks Market on weekends (great shopping!), excellent dining options, and fun nightlife. The rooms are beautiful and clean. We didn't pay for a harbour view room, but they upgraded us for free since they had availability, which was wonderful. It was probably the best view of any hotel I've stayed at. The beds were so comfortable, which was really important to us with jet lag! The bathroom was fairly spacious, 2 of us could get ready at a time in there.We loved Sydney and our stay at the Marriott topped it all off. I would recommend this hotel to everyone! It may be a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for and it is well worth the money!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ismith67
<Content>Amazing We recently stayed at this city hotel for 1 night on a flying business trip north.Service was sensational and professional as one would expect from a 5 star property.Conveniently situated neat the financial hub.A new base for our northern journeys.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	2	

<Author>cluelessSingapore
<Content>Great Hotel This is an excellent hotel in a superb location -- less than five minutes' walk from the ferries at the Circular Quay, and easy walking distance to the Rocks, the Sydney Opera House, and the Royal Botannical Gardens. We arrived rather late in the evening, and the hotel graciously upgraded us when the rooms we originally requested some months earlier were not available. Our rooms were spacious and comfortable, with good views of the Sydney Harbor. The buffet breakfast, which came with our room, offered a wide array of choices, including an egg station, salad items, many types of fruit, and a range of gourmet breads. Although the pool was modest, the hotel's gym was among the best of any I have seen, with a good set of weight-training machines, free weights, and cardiovascular equipment. Hotel employees were uniformly gracious and welcoming, and the concierge staff were generous with their time, providing many good suggestions for dining and touring.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>castle18
<Content>No Reward points This is a terrible hotel. The charges that they charge on your bill, you have to scrutinizes it carefully because it doesn't tally at all!The worst thing is about the rewards points. If you are staying there with a third party paying you, I would suggest you to stay in other hotels like Radisson. Marriot don't give rewards points iof it is paid by 3rd party. This is very frustrating because I choose Marriot as I though I could be rewarded. In fact I have colleagues staying in Radisson and they ware rewarded with points.I would never ask my agent to book this hotel again as this is a 'nothing' great hotel plus the services is not good either.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>stsomewhere4
<Content>Great choice for Opera House view After researching extensively the hotels with Opera Houseviews, I picked the Marriot as it was not as absurdly expensiveas some of the other choices. We were delighted. Lovely viewfrom both 20 and 23rd floors (2 separate stays during Australia trip). Steps from the Harbor, ferries, theRocks and close walk to downtown. Staff was helpful, foodwas good and room was very nice. The hotel is a great base forexploring Sydney.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AlanSusan
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I stayed for 7 nights in a club room on the 29th floor commencing the 24th November. This was our second stay at this hotel as we stayed in November 2004.We arrived via taxi from the airport at a cost of $50 on a Saturday evening and the traffic in the city was gridlocked so this accounted for the higher than normal cost.Checkin was efficient with no lines and our room was spacious and very clean. We had a standard city view but through the buildings we could see a bit of the harbour. Staff were very helpful and friendly and could not be faulted.Other people have mentioned the superb location of this hotel and it truely cannot be beaten, it is only minutes away from the Rocks area, the bridge and the Opera House. In addition there are ferries, buses and trains to everywhere in just Sydney minutes away from the hotel at Circular Quay. People travel some distance to go to the Rocks area which is the old part of Sydney yet it is less than five minutes walk from this hotel. This is a great benefit on an evening and there is something to suit all tastes from very upmarket eating places to old English style pubs that serve good wholesome food with lots of choices inbetween.We had access to the executive lounge and this served complmentory food from 5:30pm to 7:30pm with complmentory alcoholic drinks being served from 5:30pm to 9:00pm. The views from the lounge was across the harbour to either the bridge or the Opera House. Breakfast was also served in the lounge with a good selection of hot or cold food.This is a very good hotel in an outstanding location and this is a very difficult combination to beat, we would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sailornep5
<Content>Great hotel in a great location We should mention we booked this hotel through Priceline, which gave us a fabulous deal of $150/night when regular rooms went for $300/night. But while our rave review may be slightly enhanced due to our bargain, I would still consider it a solid hotel choice even at full price.The hotel definitely seems more geared towards business travelers, but the location itself proves great for tourists and leisure travelers as well. It is located only a short walk from The Rocks and Opera House, as well as the ferries in the Quay. The concierge was very helpful without being snooty (as some concierges are nowadays) and gave us some great restaurant recommendations (including one where I was inches away from David Beckham....but that's a different story). We tried the breakfast buffet, which was a bit pricey at $33/pp but was filling and had all the standard offerings.One note of advice - check the taxi rates before coming! I had looked at the Marriott website and it said a cab ride from the airport was only $35. Our cab ride ended up being $61 and we just thought the website was outdated. Later on, we asked the concierge about it and they said that we were definitely overcharged, and that their bellman should have noticed the price and had us refuse to pay. I don't blame the bellman because he was very busy getting our luggage into the hotel, but just know there are cab drivers out there that will screw you - if you know the right fare ahead of time, you will be better prepared to dispute it.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GermantownMD
<Content>Fantastic for a Splurge This is a fantastic hotel. I can't say one bad thing about it. The room was spacious and luxurious. The amenities were great. The location can not be beat. It is very close to the harbor and the Sydney Opera House and the spectacular bonatical gardens. It is also very close to the subway. We stayed for 4 nights and felt very welcome and safe. It was a great way to see Sydney for the first time. It was a bit of a splurge for us, but I figured, how many times am I going to be in Sydney?? At the end of our trip to Australia we came back to Sydney and stayed in a less expensive place on the other side of town. My opinion - Splurge!!!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>acubeplus1
<Content>Good Location; average service; overpriced We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on our Pacific trip. It was the most expensive hotel we stayed at on this trip. Even some 3-star hotels in other countries were better than this one. The hotel is in a good location, which is the only positive about the hotel. Service quality was average and the room although clean was not adequate for its star-rating. They charge about 5 Dollars for 15 minutes usage of the Internet terminals - we could use Internet terminals for free in Honk Kong and Japan.Don't stay at this hotel unless you want to pay for its name!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>suffersgirlfriend
<Content>Excellent Hotel We ordered this hotel on a website where you name your own price and paid about half the price. The hotel is in a great location, only a couple minutes walk from the Opera House. Upon checking in, we were upgraded to an opera house view on the executive level, so we had access to the executive lounge, which was great because breakfast was included. The pool was undergoing constructiong - but we heard no noise and the hotel had arranged for the guests who wanted a pool to go across the street to the four seasons.So far its the best hotel of our honeymoon and we would gladly stay again, but would defiantely try to get a good rate.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AvidTravler123
<Content>A Great Hotel to stay in upon returning to Sydney! After our trip to Port Douglas, my family returned to Sydney for two nights. After our expierence with Shangri La, my mom booked a place more family orientated. The lobby had a huge Christmas tree in it, due to our end of November visit. The people at the front desk were very kind and our room had a perfect view of the Sydney harbor. The only problem with it was the air conditioning was on all the time and you were practically frozen.The breakfast buffett was decent, but the location of this hotel was amazing! You could easily walk to the harbor within 5 minutes an array of resturants and night life. It was near a mall also which we had to stop at the doctors for a jellyfish sting. The concierge was very helpful and my mother and I went on a few great trips.This hotel was a great place to see Sydney from!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>nic1047
<Content>Great location. Top quality Marriott. Fantastic location just a few minutes walk from the ferries and bustleof circular key and 1o minutes to The Rocks and Bridge Walk. Entrance and lobby is quite grand and the latter features an open bar area albeit at a cost but my guess is the patrons are mostly business travellers. I arrived very early morning and was able to use a room with decent bathroom allocated for such folks. The pool area was being refurbishedduring my stay which bodes well for the future, however, I phoned hotel just after booking to reserve a room that would not be shaken apart by this work but upon arrival there was no record of this arrangement. I returned later in the day after a great time doing the harbour bridge walk to find I'd been allocated a high room 2 room suite which was great.news particularly as this was a freebie using Marriott points. Everything in the room was excellent from linens to flat screen TVs. Main bathroom was fantastic, very modern, spacious complete with jacuzzi. Train station is just a 3 minute walk which will also get you without change to the airport. The combined ferry/train/bus1 day pass is greatvalue making lunch at Bondi beech and watching the sun set at Milsons Point ready options. Just made it into the 5* rating.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JMuk
<Content>Good Hotel Although we would usually try to go for something a little more boutique and less businessy, actually this hotel turned out to be fab for a holiday base in Sydney. It's big, brash and very business like, but it's location makes it perfect for holiday makers too. It was about 3 days before we ventured more than a walk away from the hotel, there was so much to do right on the door step. We ended up staying here 3 times over our trip to Australia and we'd only really planned on staying there the once.We paid for a room with a view for the first visit which was worth it, but downgraded ourselves for the next 2 stays. Honestly the room standard was exactly the same so unless you really want a view I'd go for the regular room and save yourself a few dollars. The beds were comfy, the aircon worked well and quietly (no opening of windows though), bathroom was great. I really have no complaints at all. They started work on the pool on the day we left but noise was minimum and they have an arrangement with another hotel if you wanted to use the pool. I had a facial in their spa while I was there and it was very, very good.Breakfast was OK and served til 10.30 which is great (sometimes business hotels finish breakfast early). The only gripe I had was the rock ballads CDs they played at top volume - really not breakfast material (and that is really me being very picky).There's not loads of atmosphere here - but you get that from the city itself so who cares.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TheImproperBostonian
<Content>Fabulous location! My husband and I stayed at the Sydney Harbour Marriott as our last stop on a month-long stay in Australia in March 2007. I highly recommend staying at the Marriott:* great location near Circular Quay - very easy to catch the ferry or walk to the Rocks (we stayed at the Hilton on our first night in Australia, and we much preferred the Marriott in Circular Quay to be near the tourist sites)* comfortable Marriott beds - although room was small as you'd expect for a city hotel* Executive Lounge offered great selection of beverages and food, with views of the Harbour Bridge and Opera HouseA few things that we didn't like:* high internet charges, as others have mentioned* elevators were very slow while we were there, I understand they were doing maintenance - this was an issue because it's such a big hotel with many floors and many guests leaving in the morning* very difficult to speak with a concierge in the hotel lobby - always busy and not helpful; executive lounge concierge was much more helpful -- but in general, I found the concierge service at this hotel to be much less helpful than the Hilton or the other hotels in AustraliaWe loved the location, and will definitely choose to stay here again on our next trip to Australia!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	2	2	

<Author>ozcouple2608
<Content>Nice We stayed at the Marriot for one night for our 1 year wedding Anniversary in August 2007The hotel was booked through a last minute booking site, and we got a nice package:- Bvulgari bath pack, Wine, Valet parking and breakfast for Two, for what you would expect to pay for a 5 star room.The hotel is in a good location, near to the harbour and shopping.The hotel has a nice little piano bar, with great cocktails!The room could do with a little updating, (green carpet), and the bathroom could do with new fitouts, but the King size bed was super comfortable, and food from room service very nice.The staff were courteous and all in all the Marriot is what we expected from a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>drcrab
<Content>Very business oriented We stayed here over the new year's break and although it was very clean, comfortable and centrally located, we felt that it was very business oriented (even though everyone who stayed there were probably on holiday during that period of time). it was very centrally located though, and that was very useful for us as tourists. The price was ok for the peak period - however if I had to do it again, I'd probably start booking for a hotel much earlier and chosen a different hotel.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>goluxe
<Content>Central hotel; stands up to the Marriott reputation Very centrally located to many tourist attractions, like the Rocks and the Circular Quay and the botanic gardens. We were a little bummed that a majority of the guests seemed American--was like we'd travelled so far to be close to home! So if you're looking for something where you'll be surrounded by Australians this isn't it (though of course, you probably wouldn't be looking at a Marriott, eh?). It's a big hotel too, so don't expect much personal service (though we did get to know the concierges, who were very helpful). Also, the neighborhood seemed like Sydney's equivalent to Wall Street, which meant that things nearby were closed on the weekend, and lots of characterless restaurants. Quite a nice gym.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>TravelAgentfamily
<Content>Marriott Sydney Harbour meets all expectations We recently stayed at the Sydney Harbour Marriott with my husband and two small children. We chose the hotel for it's location and star rating and were not disappointed. From past reviews I have to say there were absolutely NO PROBLEMS with the lifts, they came within a couple of seconds each time. We also payed extra for an Opera House view. It was nice, but there are still a lot of other tall buildings semi-obstructing the view, so agree with a past reviewer and not sure if that was worth it. Our package rate also included a full buffet breakfast for two adults (although we did not have to pay for the kids) and valet parking which was excellent. The breakfast was wonderful and plentiful with the usual expectations from a 5 star hotel; hot and cold selections, pastries, cereals, juices, bacon  eggs with various sides as well as eggs and pancakes made fresh on demand. We also had the Saturday night buffet dinner which was not cheap @ $80.00 per adult, but we made good use of it as there was seafood included which we very much enjoyed. What stood out for us was the staff service and attention. They were very friendly and down to earth, not at all snooty as you expect from some 5 star hotels. Everyone we came across was excellent, especially the restaurant where we were given extra special attention and service due to the kids. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone, especially those travelling with familes.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HJCF
<Content>lovely hotel We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in August. We had no problems with the elevators at all - even though work was supposedly going on. We had paid extra for an opera house view - the weather wasn't great, so on balance I didn't think this worth the extra money. The rooms are great, and the breakfast was very nice! The hotel bar was fine - although it closed at 11pm which was a little strange (although it is in the lobby, so you can still sit there). The best thing about the hotel is it's location - you can walk to the opera house, the Rocks and lots of restaurants in about 5 minutes. Also the ferries, trains and buses are only 2 minutes away as well.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lithlith
<Content>Marriott Sydney Harbour at Circular Quay       Hotel Room 1  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>KatGirrl
<Content>Good Hotel, Better Rooms and Poor Elevators This was an above average Marriott Hotel overall. The lobby was a little cold and impersonal but the rooms were very nice. Very comfortable bed and FANTASTIC bathtubs with just the right pitch for a long, hot bath. The workout room/spa was very 80s and could really use an upgrade. The main piano bar was a bit cheesy as well and had a small fruit fly infestation. However, the live music played there was top notch. Room service was very inexpensive, but the food was not great, nor all that bad. The main complaints of the hotel were the 1) EXTREMELY slow elevators. They are going thru an upgrade of the elevators at this time, but waits can be as long as 25 minutes and at one point a traveller in our group took the stairs from the 32nd floor no less! 2) Breakfast on the exec floor was somewhat redundant by day 3 and I was there for 8 days and 3) The high speed internet access was $19.95 per day! Highway robbery, especially at the high rates being charged per night. Great location. Better than most Marriotts. Not high end, but better than normal.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Jimbo007
<Content>Wow what a hotel This hotel was the most expensive hotel on our trip and well worth every penny. We had a fantastic veiw of the opera house and the harbour. The room although small was very comfortable and clean. The bathroom was excelent and the shower was hot and had plenty of pressure. What more can i say there is nothing bad i can say about this hotel. It was the highlight of the trip and i hope to stay there again some day  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SavvyTravellerIL
<Content>Excellent Location I stayed at this hotel for pleasure using Marriott Reward points for 2 nights. The hotel is ideally situated in the Circular Quay area, only 3 minutes from the City Train stop from the airport. Circular Quay is also where the Opera House and the Ferries are located allowing easy access to all of Syndney, including the Rocks area, Harbor Bridge, shopping, Rocks market, and ferries to Manly and everywhere else. The hotel was also within easy walking distance of a number of restaurants in the Rocks area.The room provided was better than average for Marriott, with all amenities and nice shower.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>diet7up
<Content>Loved everything about it Our itinerary for 3 adults was 2 nights in a deluxe room using Marriott points. Then switch to 3 nights in adjoining executive rooms that we paid for. The deluxe room was adequate, although a little crowded for 3 people. Our executive rooms were not ready on time on the day we were supposed to transfer from the deluxe room, so the front desk gave us an upgrade to the Marriott suite on the top floor as an apology. Wow....the view from the living room was spectacular of the harbor and Opera House. It was like staying in a luxurious 2 level townhouse. The beds were the most comfortable I've ever experienced. Excellent food, snacks and spirits in the executive lounge which also had an magnificient view of the harbor. Hotel location is great, we wallked to Circular Quay, the Rocks, the Bridge Climb and local shopping. Gift shop in the hotel had very nice items but a little pricey. Hotel staff including front desk, concierge, bell hop, etc were very pleasant and attentive to all our requests. Great lobby for people watching. All in all a very favorable impression and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SimiDan
<Content>Good location. Average hotel.       Sydney Harbor  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	2	1	

<Author>q9rve
<Content>Loved it.. perfect location       Nice view of the harbor bridge from room  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>I-heart-Travel
<Content>Second stay - just as fantastic! This was my second stay at this property in two years. And I was very pleased to see that the hotel and staff were just as fantastic the second time around!A mix-up by my travel agent prevented me from getting the complimentary breakfast (sometimes) afforded members of the Marriott Rewards program, but the desk clerk made up for it plenty: placing me on the executive floor with lounge access.The property is kept neat as a pin (as grandma used to say); the breakfast buffet plentiful and almost worth the $33 charge. (Again, enquire about a complimentary breakfast when you check in)The property is located a few yards from the Circular Quay railstation and, in theory, you could go straight from airport to hotel with just a very short walk. The famous Rocks area is less than a 10 minute stroll.Even though I am Hilton Diamond, this is the place to stay in Sydney.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ddranch
<Content>Beautiful Hotel Our family just spent 3 nights at this beautiful hotel in Sydney. We paid $50 extra a night and had a stunning view of the Opera House. The room was very nice with 2 queen beds, and a beautiful bathroom. It is not a huge room, but was big enough for 2 adults and 2 teenagers and lots of luggage! We requested a newspaper each day and all other requests were promptly met. The hotel is in a great location. We walked to The Rocks area and to the Harbour ferries easily. All of the busses and public transportation are just a block away. There is a nice little Deli just next to the hotel where we ate a few meals...very nice food. The hotel restaurants were very pricey and we never ate at the hotel. The room came with a hot pot and makings for coffee and tea. I would definitely stay there again...it is a great location and we didn't need a car.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lilirishstar
<Content>Loved Marriott at Circular Quay When they say Marriott at Circular Quay they mean right on top of it! You are 1-2 minutes from the Circular Quay hub to catch busses, ferries and trains. Loved the location. The Rocks (with all the pubs and restaurants), Opera house and Pitt street shopping are only a 3-4 miniutes walk. Royal Botanical Gardens 4-5 minute walk. Loved the Flying Foxes by the way.The staff was very friendly. They let us check in early (thank you)and have a late departure. Directions and suggestions seemed second nature to the staff. Wonderful room with the super comfy Marriott beds. Little extra touches made it very special.The only problem was that the elevators were being renovated. But by the second day they had a staff member take you to the service elevators if the delays were too long. I'm sure they will be complete soon.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kris33
<Content>Enjoyed the Marriott We were there last month at the start and end of our honeymoon and really enjoyed staying here. The staff knew it was our honeymoon and bumped us to an Executive Level Suite - it was a nice size, 2 bathrooms and a fabulous view of the Opera House. Also, they sent a complimentary bottle of sparkling wine. It was very clean, service was great - concierge was very helful with directions, making dinner reservations, etc - and it is a great location for tourists. Easy access to Opera House, Botanic Gardens, bridge walk, buses, ferries to beaches. There did not seem to be a ton of nightlife and some other areas looked funkier with more interesting shops, bars, maybe cheaper dining options. But it was great if you only have a few days in town and want to hit the big attractions. The Executive Lounge was nice - not sure its worth it if you pay for it (which we did during our end stay) but there is a nice buffet breakfast, soft beferages all day, and a pretty good cocktail hour (2 hrs food, 4 hours drinks). Overall, we highly recommend it for a business stay or a first-timer to Sydney.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Constant_Traveller99
<Content>Great business Traveller Hotel Very beautiful hotel in a nice location - easy access to airport and other business needs when travelling to different parts of the city. Staff is extremely helpful and friendly. Business Center is average, Internet in the rooms work great. Restaurant in the hotel is good, with nice buffets for those that are interested in that.I truly enjoyed staying here; I stayed here a few times in 2006I would recomend the hotel for business traveller, and also for those planing vacation.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>birdhouse
<Content>Great location Stayed here for a week in early April. Loved the location. Walking distance to Circular Quay. the Rocks and Pitt street shopping. We even walked to Darling Harbour about 15 minutes away. The staff was promt and had our room ready when we arrived at 7:30am after a long international flight.The only problem was the elevators where being renovated and only two out of five where operating. This made for some slow and crowded elevators particularly if you're up in the upper floors where the rooms with the view are located.I would stay here again but check for full elevator operation.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>WorldAventurer
<Content>Great Location Wonderful experience. This hotel is within walking distance to the harbor, the opera house, the botanical gardens, the circular quay. It is accessible to the airport. You simply get on the airport metro/train dsetination Sydney and get off the circular quay/harbor exit and you are within one block walking distance to the hotel. The staff at the front desk were wonderful; they let us check in early and check out late. The rooms were nicely decorated and the bathroom well stocked. The bed was very comfortable, with down pillows. Every staff person we encountered from the doormen to the cleaning crew was extremenly friendly and helpful. Definitely worth the stay.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spired
<Content>Great rooms, bad service Stayed here for 3 nights in March. The room we got was great: view of the Opera House, an old English-style building, good furnishings (except a little wear and tear showing on the bathroom ceiling). The hotel's location is pretty good too.But, the service was really lacking. I was staying with a friend who didn't have a credit card and didn't speak that much English but would arrive at the hotel several hours before me. I called the hotel a week early to tell them the situation, gave them my credit card and gave them my Marriott rewards number (I'm 'Silver Elite' in their book). I then called them again about 3 days before my stay asking some logistical questions about getting to the hotel and asked them again if my credit card/marriott rewards number were on file. They said no and took them down again promising that there would be no problems for my friend to check in.When my friend arrive to check in they treated her horribly. They denied having the credit card, forced to put up a hefty cash deposit,barred her from making phone calls from the room, etc. etc. When I showed up and told the front desk what happened they were unsympathetic. And the thing that really gets me is that they had my Marriott rewards number on file. That means that someone did get the credit card number over the phone but that they lost it--twice!!! Of course, I need to watch my credit card number very carefully for fraud now.All in all, we made the most of our stay, enjoyed sydney and the room and avoided the front desk like the plague.We checked into the Grace Hotel a few blocks away a few days later and had far better service and more modern room (with a worse view).  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>Harvsman
<Content>Fantastic marriott! Whilst visiting friends i decided tp stay here for 3 nights back in June 06 Check in was swift and efficient. i had a harbour view room on the 21st floor and the view was fantastic!The gym and pool were absolutely fantastic and the staff were top notch! They had nightly entertainment in the foyer with a band (I stayed over a weekend so maybe it doesnt happen during the week) and i was VERY Impressed! Circular Quay which is a 2 min walk has some great eateries for anyone who has never been there!i ordered room service one night and found price wise it actually wasn't too bad. P.S. The Hawaiian Pizza was yummy!Room (Standard) was very luxurious and with the deal i got included 2 bottles of wine and Bvlgari tolietries! The bathroom had a bath/shower combination and was a little small which is probably the only fault i could find.Great location not far from any of the tourist spots, Would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mtkitchn
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed here for four nights in March during our vacation to Australia. The hotel location is great, and a short walk will get you to the Rocks, the ferry terminal, or shopping. The hotel lobby is spacious and friendly. Our room was very nice, with comfortable beds and sliding shutters that darkened your room so you could sleep. My only complaint of the room was that there was a very small (about an inch) step up to our bathroom and I stubbed my toe (HARD) on it in the middle of the night. My husband creaked his back stepping out of the bathroom and not realizing that the floor was lower than the bathroom floor.Another complaint was the elevators. I believe the hotel may have been working on some of the elevators, but it took upwards of ten minutes to get a lift sometimes.Otherwise, we had a very pleasant stay and would return.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>nyc2006321
<Content>Great way to begin a honeymoon!       View from room  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	2	5	4	3	

<Author>Rob_MD
<Content>Great location       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>sydneylovers
<Content>an excellent hotel defined by the way they handle a mishap. Me and my husband had just had our anniversary in this hotel.We had a wonderful experience due to the friendly hotel reception and his efficiency to handle our episode.We had a free discount voucher from a friend as a presentand book using the price list stated in the voucher.I was a bit worried at first when the reconfirmation email came a week ago. Despite the fact that we've booked since November LAST YEAR and confirmed that we are staying in the Opera house view (when we went to website reconfirmation page),  the reconfirmation website this time stating that we staying in City view room, which is the downgraded room ! When we called, we were told that with the price we are paying, it should be a city view room.but when we booked last year when the old price was still on, and the voucher still valid until April this year.Luckily we still have the old print out that stated opera house view, thus we can proove our booking.The gentleman in the reception handle our case with no drama. Friendly and cheerful, he promised us to give us something better. and boy he did.. he upgrade us to executive suite.it was a nice surprise after worrying a few days. Eventhough it wasn't opera house view, it was a sydney bridge view , which is nice watching the people crossing bridge during the 75th birthday .All the staff seems friendly and efficient. the concierge and bell desk etc.Our room is nice, clean, modern had a spa, just sweet.Although the light seems a bit funny in our room, with the ceiling halogen lights not working in the lounge room, yet there are too many lights in the bathroom that ALL light up with only 1 switch , thus we can't choose which ones we want it on. seems a bit of a waste of electricity.anyway... that was just being picky of me.overall, i really recommend this hotel due to the proximity to the centre of attraction and transport. We went there by train ! only 5 min walk to the hotel.Had a nice Latin food and Salsa lesson at 'Vivaz' at the rocks (only friday and saturday night). and the rocks market open saturday and sunday daytime.It was a lovely weekend.we would like to come back again.We would like to thank the receptionist (I can't remember the name , but he's the nice ethnic indian guy)He really made our anniversary memorable, and make overall positive image of Marriott in general.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AntoniaV
<Content>excellent This was our first hotel in Australia. The pre-ordered limo whisked us in no time to the hotel. After the 20+ hour flight we felt like arriving in a haven of tranquility. A hotel like this is just what you want after such a trip. Sure this is no designer or 'boutique' hotel, but it is everything a good solid luxury hotel should be. Our room (executive suite) was superbly comfortable, with off course the wonderful Marriott bed and a good view of the harbour and opera house. From this prime position we watched the QM2 and QE2 glide into Sydney harbour. We took breakfast and evening drinks in the executive lounge, which made us feel very privileged. In our room we had wireless internet acces.My husband needed medical attention during our stay, this was organized with a minimum of hassle. Every staff member we had dealings with was courteous and efficient.I recommand this hotel and when I visit Sydney again I will certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zodiac
<Content>Great location but a bit tired Great location just off Sydney harbour, but the hotel is a bit tired and in need of refurbishment. We found service poor and were kept waiting for rooms after the 3.00pm check in time. Be warned about the lift situation, they are being refurbished and one of them is permanently out of action. This means at peak times you can be kept waiting for 15 minutes or more and when you do get one they are scarily packed. We liked the look of the Observatory.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>steptravel
<Content>A fine hotel We stayed only one night here upon arrival in Sydney. (We would have stayed more nights, but every decent hotel in Sydney was booked for our duration there.) Arrived around 10 am and no room was ready yet, but hotel graciously provided an early arrivals room for others like us. It's a room they converted into a waiting area, with candy, shower/toilet, free Internet-connected computer, couches. This made the wait fairly painless after the long flight. The room was standard business-traveler - perfectly fine. The hotel's main strength is its outstanding location so close to Sydney's best attractions. Just minutes walk to Opera House, Botanic Garden, Rocks, etc. Wish we could have stayed more nights here.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>oiwseufrwbfkwjndc
<Content>Location, location, location As expected, this is a nice hotel with very knowledgable and friendly staff. There are stunning views of the Opera House, Bridge and all the boating activity. For me, it's the location that really made it worth the price. Aside from the views, it's an easy walk to the hubs for ferries, buses and the city trains. (A car will only cost you a lot of money to park and infinite frustration with driving in a major city. You really won't need it.)The Rocks (nearby hip area) always has something going on. Or if you want something a bit more serene, take a walk through the nearby botanical gardens or just cruise on the ferries.This was our base of operaton while we toured the area. We stayed at the Marriott 3 times with side trips in between. They were awesome about keeping bags for our shorter trip so we didn't need to be bogged down with the extra baggage. The staff was helpful, knowledgable and responsive.Each of the 3 rooms we stayed in had the same flaw. The carpet was wet near the refrigerator. We ran into one of the facility engineers who confirmed my suspicion. When the refrigerator goes through a defrost cycle, the accumulated ice melts, runs to the bottom of the refrigerator then out into the cabinet and onto the floor. In each room we used handtowels to soak up the dampness and remind us to avoid walking on the spot. (The engineer noted that the staff intentionally runs the defrost cycle at the end of each guest's stay to keep the refrigerators looking good and are supposed to put a towel down to catch the moisture. But, ...) Really, quite irritating and no one seemed to understand what we were talking about when we called down to the front desk.We also had a problem with our bill for our first stay. We were given a smoking room but (per our request and based on our booking) were moved to a non-smoking room which was a little smaller and not quite the same stunning view. And although the desk staff stated that breakfast was included (confirming our reservation) we were mistakenly charged for breakfast. It required talking to the manager to reduce the bill to reflect the correct amount (a concession for the smaller room and removal of the breakfast charges). Annoying but at least it was fixed.Overall, the location and pleasant staff compensated for the annoyances. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>allysnug
<Content>Pleasent This hotel is pretty nice. The rooms are large enough and comfortable. The lobby is also very nice. The only problem with this hotel is the pool. It is very cold and the hot tub is also cold. I might go back here.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>THJ
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Front of hotel  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Posthum
<Content>Just something missing..... Our night here was booked as part of my 30th birthday and although there is nothing to fault it wasn't quite what we expected from a 5 star.The rooms in the hotel are strangely shaped (we had 2 rooms and one was more oddly shaped than the other) and I assume this is to take in the fantasic views of the harbour that the harbour view rooms have. The rooms at the back are like many city centre in that the look over rooftops and alleys. One of the rooms we had, had a seperate shower and bath while the other was combined. One of the rooms had bathrobes and the other the slippers! The rooms are not as large as the other Sydney hotels we stayed in on our trip and neither were the bathrooms. The rooms although recently refurbished didn't feel like 5 star.The breakfast was extensive although would have been expensive if it was not included in the nightly rate, there are however an abundance of cafes locally offering excellent value breakfasts. The hotel is located almost opposite circular quay and has onsite parking although it is $35 per night.One word of warning would be to make sure you are not in the rooms that are opposite the lifts. We were thankful we weren't in these rooms as they were the first we have ever seen facing the lifts which I imagine could have made them slightly noisy.We would probably stay here again but at A$100 per night more than the Grace Hotel it would need to be on offer!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dsgol
<Content>Great hotel to stay and close to everything..       Hotel is in back of greenish building.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>emansouri
<Content>3 stars maybe, 5 stars, definitely not I have not stayed in a hotel that was more undeserving of its rating. There is nothing 5-star about the accommodations, appearance, and service associated with this hotel.My wife and I had reserved a club room with harbor view. The room was very small and cramped, and had a view facing the city opposite the harbor. They made us wait til the following day to switch rooms, and when they did switch us, they switched us to another room with an almost identical view of the city. At that point, we just accepted the room.The concierge staff was hit or miss. One of the gentleman was genuinely helpful. The other two we interacted with seemed aloof and apathetic.Probably the most annoying thing about the entire stay, is the elevators. I don't know how or why, but there are 5 elevators in the hotel. Each time we attempted to ascend or descend, the wait for an elevator was unbelievably long. I am not sure why this was but it was strange.Other random notes: The food was descent, the workout facilities were acceptable, the spa/massage area was cold and sterile.If you can get a good price on this hotel, and book accommodations with expectations of a 3-star property, I'd recommend it. If you are expecting a true 5-star experience, I'd keep looking.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Brynny2
<Content>Great Location. Very Clean and Comfortable Facilities. We stayed at this hotel for three nights in December 2006. The location is absolutely PERFECT!! It is within easy walking distance of all of the sites in Circular Quay - including the Opera House and the Harbour. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms appeared to have been recently redone. They were very clean with attractive furnishings and wonderful bedding. The cleaning staff are very conscientious - important to us.One negative: The computers available for guests to use for checking email did not work very well and were very expensive. At a hotel of this calibre I expected internet access to be complimentary.We will definitely stay at this hotel again on our next visit to Australia.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>NF_from_NJ
<Content>Great Location and Service We stayed at the Marriott as part of our honeymoon to Australia. Emailed the concierge before our arrival to ask about transportation to hotel...we had a lot of bags. He arranged a car service to pick us up at the airport. Very courteous driver, clean Mercedes, carried my wifes bags. Concierge during the day was amazing (wish I could remember his name) but we asked him AT LEAST 2 questions a day. He was knowledgable, always had a smile on his face, and was just great to deal with.This hotel is located within 5 min walk of circular quay port and station. You literally have all forms of transportation within steps...ferry, taxi, bus and train.Also, if money isn't a big issue, spend the extra $75/nite to stay on one of the top executive level floors with views of the opera house. You get membership to the executive lounge with this extra fee, which has daily hot breakfast and hot appetizers in the early evening, and also drinks available 24-hrs a day. Well worth it.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Dyson/Kyra
<Content>Nice place to stay We booked this hotel and got the revive package, which included two bottles of wine  a bath pack upon the day of stay. They were a little busy when we arrived, so the driveway attendent asked if we wanted to take our own bags to our room. Its a nice hotel and was good value for money , we paid $339-00 per night and that included a buffett breakfast  parking in the price.The room was medium size, but the bed is wonderful- we had the best sleep and shutters to close over the windows which makes sleeping in a breeze as it is as dark as night. You dont get much of a view, so if you want to see a view this is not your hotel. The rooms are clean  nicely furnished - although we did notice coffee had been split over the wall near the bathroom  not cleaned , we stayed in room 1019.We also had to ring them and remind them to send up our revive pack, but that was about it - which they did in about 10 minutesNice place to stay , well priced  good serviceI am a fussy person and have stayed and some lavish hotels, and this is nice  clean although the bathroom is a little small  small bath towels as well.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Emily0717
<Content>Perfect for Honeymooners! My husband and I stayed here during one leg of our Australian honeymoon. We arrived earlier than standard check-in time, but they held our bags, delivered them to our room when it was ready, and gave us access to the early arrival lounge with internet access, snacks, a TV, etc. This was only the beginning of fantastic service. I noted that we would be on our honeymoon when I booked online, and the Marriott staff knew this upon check in and upgraded us to an opera house view on the 22nd floor! We were ecstatic-- the views were tremendous. Above average rooms, comfortable and clean. Beautiful lobby area. The concierge was also very helpful-- providing us with the name of a local pizzeria where were had one of the BEST meals of our entire trip, Zia Pina. (I highly recommend this hole in the wall, celeb-frequented pizza place in The Rocks area). The location is also prime, just across the street from Circular Quay. Cannot recommend this place enough. We miss Sydney and hope to return one day!Travelers from North Carolina, USA  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Heathcl
<Content>First-rate experience Our travel agent booked us into a room with an exquisite view of the Sydney opera and harbor, but he never sent us a coupon, so the front desk didn't have the necessary information. No matter: the floor manager set to work and within a few minutes we were into our room (quite early). Typified the approach of the hotel staff--uniformly sunny and helpful.  The hotel is very well located--a couple of blocks from the Circular Quay, just a bit further to the Opera and the Gardens, and quite convenient to the business district as well. The big lobby can be hectic when large tourist groups arrive or leave, but the rooms are themselves quiet and they have the usual Marriott amenities. And the breakfast is relaxed and first-rate--a meal for most of the day. Speaking of meals: nearby is the Cafe Sydney, a restaurant of excellent food but incredibly mindless service. One night their credit card machine was down and they kept our card so long, over half an hour (instead of processing it by hand), that we could not make the curtain of the opera. There are more rational places around the Marriott.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>martymonk
<Content>Fantastic! If you are planning to experience Sydney,Australia the place to stay is Sydney Harbour Marriott, you will find it a great location to connect anywhere and about a 3 min walk to the harbor and circular quay. Great views of the harbour bridge and opera house, good shopping down pitt street and the harbor (all walking distance).Upgrade to executive level and enjoy great company with nice breakfast and evening drinks and snaks. A wonderful place to spend time after a long day of shopping or site seeing. Food was ok being from the cajun country of Louisiana I rather more seasoning. The staff in the executive lounge are friendly, helpful and really want you to enjoy your stay. We were there the middle of September and the weather was great to enjoy all the areas surrounding the hotel. You will love it.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theallens04
<Content>Great Location! The location of this hotel was great. We didn't have views of the harbor, not sure if any of the rooms have the view. We were on the 12 floor. It was a two blocks away from Circular Quay. It is a great location to catch the buses, metrolink to Darling Harbor, and the trains. We caught the train to Blue Mountains. You can easily walk to The Rocks. There are some great restaurants within walking distance. The room was clean and the bed was SUPER comfy. We got there earlier than our checkin time, but the front desk was really nice and immediately showed us to our room. There are a lot of choices for hotels in sydney. Although I was content with the Marriott, I may try smething else the next time around.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>saccuch
<Content>Perfect location! This hotel is in a perfect location and is luxurious. It is better than we expected, even though we expected a lot. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>WestCanTraveler
<Content>Location and view This is a top rate Marriott property with views over Sydney Harbour and the Opera House--a million dollar view if there was ever one! Great location as it takes only a couple of minutes to walk to Circular Quay (hub for city buses and the train station, as well as range of shops and restaurants) and only slightly longer to the Rocks and to the Botanical Gardens. Terrific concierge desk that gave us great recommendations for neighborhoods to visit, where to shop, and also set up surfing lessons at Bondi for my teenagers--and in each case made it clear what bus to take and approximate cost. (Bus drivers in Sydney were helpful and friendly and made it easy to get around the city.)The rooms were American Marriott standard--comfy beds with nice linens and lots of other amenities. We had two rooms with an adjoining door so it felt very spacious. Some reviewers have complained about the price of food in the hotel--we had room service once which I thought was very reasonable (better than average menu selection, too, and very prompt and friendly delivery) and the breakfast buffet another day which was pricey but a very nice range of food available and good table service. There's also a vast range of eating options literally on the hotel doorstep (beware, though: this is the business district and many of the places are closed Saturday and especially Sunday)--from cheap take away food to haute cuisine. Nice pool and well-equipped gym in the hotel, but the attractions of Sydney don't leave much time to take advantage of them! Highly recommend a harbour-view room.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>chewpei
<Content>great location We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in July 2006 and were very happy there. The location can't be beat -- it's a short walk to Circular Quay and all that's there -- the ferries, the Explorer Bus, the subway station, restaurants. The room was clean, although on the small side. The elevators were quick, the concierge was helpful, halls were quiet, check in and out were speedy. We never ate in the restaurants -- prices were high and there were plenty of nearby options around Circular Quay or a short walk to the Rocks too.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BSDSK
<Content>All you could want in Sydney My family just returned from a lovely stay at the Harbor Marriott. The property was clean, beautiful, and could not be in a better location for shopping in the Rocks district, catching the ferry, or strolling to the Opera House. We will always be grateful to the concierge who steered us to one of the finest meals ever at Aria. Not a place just to go for the view of all Sydney Harbor at your feet - the food was truly fabulous.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eocarlos
<Content>Excellent location We recently stayed at this hotel for 2 days and 2 nights on our way from the US to Melbourne. Upon the advise of other trip advisor reviews, we booked an additional night so that our room would be ready when we arrived at 8 AM. After 14 hours on a plane, being able to check in was wonderful. There was some initial confusion upon check in with the extra roll-away bed that we requested, but it was all solved very quickly and off we went to our room. The views from our room were excellent. You could see the Opera House right from our window.We did not eat in the hotel as we found the prices too high - especially with all the other restaurants right in the area.The location of this hotel is the best. The Sydney Explorer tour bus starts right around the corner from the hotel (at Circular Quay) and the Rocks, the Opera House, and all the ferries are right within walking distance.We would definitely recommend this hotel and we would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>fattymitchell
<Content>Perfect location... This hotel couldn't be in a better location. Walking distance to the Opera House, Royal Botanical Garden, QVB, the Rocks and Circular Quay ferry, train and bus station. The staff was accomodating and the concierge was very helpful. The only complaint I have is the restaurant in the hotel, Icons. Incredibly overpriced! My friend and I had a steak dinner, it took over one hour for our steaks to get to us, they were over cooked and they not once refilled our water. The meal cost us over $100 and we had NO alcohol. Another morning we thought we would try a quick breakfast. The buffet costs $32 so we opted for the menu. It took 15 minutes for them to take our order and my bowl of Special K cost $6.50, toast $6.50. The kicker was when I saw the waitresses obtaining some of the food people were ordering off of the menu from the buffet! Our overall experience with the hotel was excellent but avoid the restaurant at all costs!!!!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sanddollard
<Content>Only book this hotel if you can't find anything else.!!! Huge Disappoinment. Only good point is the location.My husband and I travel quite extensivley and honestly, for a 5 star hotel, I can think of better hotels. The room was very average. Hotel lobby looked somewhat tacky.Staff overall very unhelpful and really not that interested. We had to change rooms, dirty bathroom, loud buzz on the Ac vent and a VERY noisy sound from constant water running through the wall. In all fairness we were offered a different room but it was so late at night that we opted to do this in the morning.Changed rooms: We found a noisy Ac fan (surprise surprise) closet door would not close, which meant the light would not turn off. The grill in the bathroom door was lose and kept falling out with a loud bang everytime you opened or closed the door.Service technican did come Fan was fixed, closet door was somewhat fixed, grill was never fixed. As we only had 2 days there we couldn't be bothered anymore. This hotel really needs to be rated down, we have had better rooms, better service, friendlier staff in a 3 star hotel,there is no way this hotel deserves to be rated as a 5 star.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>arlingtonvaresident
<Content>Great hotel in Sydney, Perfect Location Just got back from 3 nights at the Sydney Marriott Harbour. This is a great hotel and a truly wonderful city. It's located about a 1-2 min walk from Circular Quay....you want to stay as close as possible to this location. This where everything starts, the Sydney Explorer bus, Biondi Explorer bus, all the harbour cruises, main subway line. You can get the to airport by train or taxi, it is easy and close by. Another positive is the executive lounge. It has a huge full breakfast every morning that is included free. In the early evening, they also have a great selection of wines, beers, and mini plates of dinner food...also free. Please keep in mind that only higher level Marriott Rewards members and certain room rates will get you access so make sure you ask. The service at the hotel was very high and accomodating...fantastic lobby.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lobos3
<Content>First rate hotel! We stayed at the Marriott Sydney Harbour in May 2006. Our 18th floor room at a fabulous view of the Sydney Opera House, and the hotel is located only steps away from the marina. The room was very clean, and the hotel staff very happy to assist us. We would recommend this hotel to other travelers.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hope2seetheworld
<Content>A+ to the Marriott Sydney Harbour We have stayed in many hotels and this hotel was by far one of our favorites of all time. The views were stunning, the service was perfect, the rooms were clean and we thought this hotel was wonderful. We are coming back to Sydney this summer and we wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else. We give it an A+ and we are hard to please.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lindyloo1
<Content>Very Comfortable Hotel in Perfect Location       view from our window  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>starfish123
<Content>Habour Marriott ideal hotel for first timers Stayed here in March 06, we had a great deal which included an Opera house view, it was fantastic to open the curtains and see this wonderful land mark, we also went to a concert to see Olivia Newton John, it was a highlight of the hoilday.The hotel was lovely, spotlessly clean and very quiet.Checking in was smooth and the sraff attentiveand efficient.Posistion was marvelous step outside the door turn right walk a few meters and you were infront of the harbour/railway station,keep going right for 5 mins and you were at the Opera house a few more minutes and you were in the Botanical gardens ( well worth a visit for views to Opra house and bridge.)Turn left out of the hotel and you are in the city for all the shops and museums, the Rocks are easy to get too as well.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>XcitingTrips
<Content>Great hotel in a superb location Just returned from spending 4 nights at this hotel. Had to upgrade our room to obtain the harbour and opera house view, but this was well worth it.The room was quite large, with 2 double beds, as we had our 2 children with us.The only disappointing feature was another taller building in front of the hotel which spoilt the full view of the harbour and the bridge.The swimming pool was a little bit small for the size of the hotel.The staff were very friendly, and even took care of our luggage as soon as we stepped out of the taxi.Breakfast in the hotel is a bit pricey at $25 but this included everything from the cold and hot menus.The hotel is in a very good location with 5 minutes to Circular Quay for all the ferries and cruises. Some good restaurants nearby, and the City Centre about 20 mins walk.The icing on the cake was our departure from the hotel to the airport. We called for a taxi at the front of the hotel, but instead got a limousine service from the concierge as we had 4 suitcases plus hand luggage.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JoLondonUK
<Content>expensive for what it is but great location Graet loaction right round the corner from Circular Quay where you catch ferries to all the main attractions, wlaking distance from the shops, Opera House, Botanical Gardens, Observatory and The Rocks.Staff completely unhelpful - trying to establish what was open over Easter weekend was a nightmare and they gave incorrect information. Views were good from SOME rooms but don't be fooled that you will necessarily see the Op House or Bridge unless they explicitly say so in your booking form - make sure you have it in writing.Breakfast buffet was expensive A$25, but had everything you could want - fruit, hot food, pancakes, cereals, baked goods. Very comfortable beds and large bathroom.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Hilmar
<Content>Fantastic Location  The location, as everyone says, is superb, right on Collier Quay. Presumably because I am a member of Marriott's Frequent Stayer programme, we were upraded to a room with a good view of the wonderful harbour and the Opera House.There really was nothing any reasonable person could fault the hotel for. The room was a reasonable size, clean and well equipped. Service could not have been better and the Buffet breakfast was something special.All staff encountered were helpful, friendly and professional.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>frequent_fam_travel
<Content>This hotel is a zoo! The only great thing about this hotel (and it is amazing), is the location. It is literally a stone's throw from the main ferries and the transportation area. I chose this hotel because we were arriving @ 10A internationally with two small children and they have an early arrival lounge. The whole hotel is packed-a complete zoo. Elevators full ear-to-ear, long lines to talk to the front desk, etc..The early arrival lounge is a joke - A vinyl couch with three people on it and a jar of mentos, one bathroom with the single toilet and shower inside. I emailed the conceirge twice before departure asking for an early check in because of the kids and they still could not swing it. We were forced to riffle through our bags in front of everyone in the lounge and shower/change or lose our first whole day in Sydney. The actual rooms are very cramped and nothing great, but adequate. The buffet breakfast is beautiful. We also stayed at the Shangri La and it was twice as nice and less expensive, although a little farther walk from the ferries. Also received my invoice back in the states and a few extra charges appeared on my bill which has not been easy to retify.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fulham99
<Content>A Great Citibreak Hotel We stayed for two nights, great location, close to the Rocks, Circular Quay etc. Get a room on an upper floor, we had a great view over the Harbour Bridge. The rooms are of a comfortable standard but not large.The only thing that annoyed was the AUS$7 for a bottle of water in the room, I dont care how many stars - thats a joke. In summary an excellent standard hotel in a great location for accessing the harbour and city attractions - the perfect citibreak hotel.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gabby
<Content>must try harder ! having stayed at other marriot, in sydney and brisbane, i was a little disapointed with the harbour marriott. the plus' first though, the location is fantastic ! just across the road from cicular quay, however we did feel that this hotel is almost too big. we had neumerous problems with contacing 'at your service ' we reqested a sydney telegraph daily, but this request was not met and we were told could not be as the hotel did not stock this local paper, yet they could get international papers ! the bed was VERY uncomfortable and hard and the bath room in particular was very small. the staff we found were not particulary freindly either ( this is in comparison to other marriott ) but we spent very little time in the hotel and it certainly was a clean hotel and felt very safe. it is however expensive and if you do'nt mind a bit of a walk i would recomend the sydney marriott on hyde park out of the 2 marriott in central sydney  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location is the only choice for this hotel       Close up on view of Opera House  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jaime0779
<Content>The best location in Sydney I absolutely loved the Sydney Marriott Harbour. The best location, right by Circular Quay/The Rocks. The hotel have beautiful rooms, very friendly service and a convenient business center. We used the internet every day to stay in touch at home. We ate breakfast at the hotel in the morning. Very good food and a good price. I loved everything about the service I received and the room I booked. Very comfortable beds! I want to go back, and if I do I will only stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dave_261
<Content>Great Location, nice hotel       View from room  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Scallie
<Content>Good location, adequate accommodation The location of this hotel - right on Circular Quay and a short walk from The Rocks and Pitt Street Malls - was absolutely perfect for my first visit to the city. The hotel give a good service, although I felt the rooms needed updating, and after tasting the food we soon found other places to eat. The only problem we had was being disturbed at 9am by housekeeping on our last day, somewhat unnecessarily as we were checking out that day! Not a welcome intrusion when you're trying to get some sleep in preparation for a long-haul flight.Apart from that there were no problems, and the staff were attentive and friendly.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ronfaddison
<Content>A Well Situated Hotel We stayed 2 nights. It is possibly the best situated tourist hotel in Sydney and it certainly has some views of the Opera House and the Harbour Bridge - but possibly not both! We possibly got upgraded because we had a good view of the Opera House - thanks for that. The hotel has a branch of Avis in the forecourt and the main reason we chose the hotel in the first place was that we knew where it was and that there was an Avis branch where we could leave our hired car without searching the city. The theory worked and we disposed of the car without any problems. The hotel was very good and our room was of more than adequate size and very well appointed. Breakfast was included in our rate and was good without being over extensive or particularly memorable. But the hot things were actually hot and that is a bonus these days. The service (i.e coffee supplier)was good and we were cheerfully supplied with more coffee when we asked for it. The concierge was very helpful and knowledgeable. When we left we were offered a limousine to the airport at the same price as a taxi ($40) and we accepted - it was a good decision. We enjoyed our stay and would thoroughly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hajinder
<Content>Great location for first time visitor We stayed in the Marriot for 7 nights from 31st Dec, yes we were there for the New Years party. The hotel is located 3 mins walk from Circular Quay and on the edge of the Rocks. So 10-15 mins walk from the Bridge and Opera house, where you can get the underground. The hotel room was excellent with a view of the Bridge, it was clean and well maintained and a nice sized bath with integral shower. The staff were very professional and helpful with our sightseeing requests and expecially when we had an issue with our transfer (provided by another company) which they chased up to get our time of collection. For first time visitors and families I would heartily recommend this hotel. For singles or young couples I would suggest also looking at other areas, since apart from the Circular Quay the area seems to be rather quite (and expensive)in the evenings and very tourist orientated. For example we spent an evening in Darlinghurst which seemed to have character and feel more friendly.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traffert
<Content>no worries mate I had to stay here for a week and overall thought it was a great hotel. The room had 'the view' over the harbour, the staff were pleasant and helpful. Breakfasts were the usual 'international' stuff, but don't bother eating dinner here... for the price they charge there's much better local options at the Rocks.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Londoner75
<Content>Perfect Location, Great View       View from Room (zoomed in, but it was fantastic!)  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great base for intro to Sydney There are quite a few contradictory reports on this Hotel. Many of the comments are true, BUT for a first visit to the City, I think it is a great base. The location, within easy walking distance of Circular Quay, Opera House, the Rocks and even downtown shopping, makes a three or four day visit very easy. City Tour and Bondi Explorer busses start their route a few steps from the Marriott and there is a taxi rank right outside the Hotel. Add to this the most comfortable beds, excellent housekeeping and a reasonably quiet location and you have an almost ideal hotel. I say almost, since as many others have pointed out, the restaurant or bar is best avoided unless desperate. There are many excellent eateries nearby such as City Extra on Circular Quay for breakfast and Doyle's or Quayside Brasserie for dinner. One of the best locations in the City, without paying the earth!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Functional, great tourist/business location We stayed for three nights here, using our Marriott points. The hotel has good service, good concierge. The room is small and a cookie-cutter Marriott. It served our needs well and was quite busy. There is an early arrivals lounge which is a bonus if you arrive before your room is ready. Staff is very helpful and the view of the Bridge was quite nice. It seems very fairly priced, though a bit higher on the points scale than merited (probably the location.) It is a straightforward place and baby friendly.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mpmpmp
<Content>Small rooms, old, there is better value in Sydney We did not like the hotel at all, we would give it 3 1/2 at max. The entrance area might be impressive and location is great but rooms were old and not up to date, we felt like travelling in the early 90s. We think there is better value for equivalent rates, for example the Quay West Suites.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kruzlady
<Content>Great Motel       Our Bedroom  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Edtioga
<Content>Six Stars if Possible       View from our room  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eslb
<Content>Excellent service in a great and central location We loved this hotel. Located a few steps away from Circular Quay and the Rocks.On arrival we had a minor glitch with our room, but it was quickly resolved, above and beyond what we expected.The staff was extremely helpful and always willing to help. The concierge was very helpful and knowledgeable.Breakfast buffet was excellent.We had a great time here as a family, and this hotel would also be perfect for business travelers.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlohaHal
<Content>Lovely room/view/location,dining terrible We had a 3 night stay at this hotel end of September. We had a lovely Opera House view. Bed was the most comfortable ever. Great location, too. On the downside, at your service rarely picked up. Room service did not show one night after 1 1/2 hrs and three assurances it would be checked in to. Also, took 1 hour to receive breakfast in restaurant-only ordered eggs and bacon in lieu of buffet. So, recommend the hotel highly, just eat elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dsc434232
<Content>Great location and rooms, but go elsewhere to eat I've had a number of long stays at this hotel, due to an extended assignment in Sydney, and have been really pleased with the quality of the rooms and the friendly service provided by the hotel. Key positives - 1) Location - you are right at Circular Quay, so there is easy access to tourist attractions, buses, trains, and ferries. The area is not especially residential, so it dies down somewhat at night time, but on weekdays there are a huge number of dining and shopping options steps away (CQ Cafe is highly recommended for lunchtime sandwiches).2) The rooms are fitted with the new Marriott Revive Beds. These were fitted midway through my stay in early September - and allow for a really comfortable rest. The beds are soft and the pillows are plentiful.3) Great views. Rooms either have a view of the Opera House, The Harbour Bridge, or the city. I never had an Opera House view (it's more expensive), but since the hotel is one of the taller buildings in the area (and because all rooms are on level 8 or above), the views are excellent.4) Full fledged Health Club and indoor pool, without crowding. I liked having access to a true health club with full facilities, 24x7.5) All the amenities you need - high speed internet (a little pricey, but a good 7 day rate), minibar (I get mine emptied out so I can use the refrigerator), etc. 6) Friendly staff. Staff are always polite and genuine, without being overly patronising. 7) Great coffee stand outside the hotel (weekdays only) - not sure if the hotel owns it, but the coffee is fantastic (as evidenced by its bustling business from the surrounding offices).Key negatives -1) The restaurant and room service are overpriced and lack variety. The Breakfast Buffet is $33 AUD - while the spread is extensive, the quality (i.e. juices are watered down, fruit was just a basic selection) was not impressive, and the price was simply embarrassing. I ate store-bought cereal in my room instead.2) Room service menu and restaurant menu, especially for dinner, has limited variety and is fairly uninspiring. There are great restaurants on Circular Quay, and there is also CuisineCourier to deliver, so fortunately I didn't have to order from room service very often. When I did, I'd work with the order taker to customise a dish to my tasting, which ended up working fairly well. All in all, this hotel is highly recommended - mainly due to the location, the views, and the friendly staff.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NIKKICOOK
<Content>Honeymooning at the Sydney Harbour Marriott I stayed here for nine days for my honeymoon. No problem checking in at 8am. Our room was spacious and on the 26th floor with views of the Opera House. The beds are great! Almost like the heavenly beds at the Westins. Only problem with the rooms were the lack of drawers to put our clothes in. No worries though. We called their At your Service desk and asked if they could bring up additional hangers and we received them within 10 minutes. The fist day, we ate the buffet breakfast at the hotel. That was the first and last time we ate at the hotel. The service in the restaurant was poor and it was totally overpriced. We didn't use the pool or the hot tub because it looked like it hadn't been used in months. Once again, no worries. We went to Manly and Bondi Beaches instead. We didn't use their spa either. They have three massage rooms, that were very cold feeling and uninviting and were right off of the work out area. On the flip side, the concierge was great! They booked tours for us, told us the best places to eat in town, and gave us directions on how to get to some of the top tourist attractions (Manly Beach, Taranga Zoo). Food: Try the big breakfast at City Extra right by where you catch the ferries. Pizza: Tia Pina at the Rocks Chinese: East End by the ferries on the walk way towards the Opera House. Fish and Chips: Rouge on Manly Beach. Things to do: Do the Harbour Bridge Climb, the tour of the Opera House, the Blue Mountains/Featherdale Wildlife Park tour, and take the ferry to the Taronga Zoo. If you only have time to go to one beach, bypass Bondi and go to Manly! Do the five+ minute walk to the Botanical Gardens. This is a walking town and the Marriott is in the middle of everything! Bring comfortable shoes and have fun exploring! We surely did! I am very happy that we chose Sydney for our honeymoon and the Sydney Harbour Marriott as the place to stay!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>randomtask
<Content>Excellent location and great level of service from staff I was lucky enough to get a work trip to Sydney with a few days to myself. Stayed here for 4 nights and was very pleased. Location is excellent - very near the Rocks area (Harbour Bridge and Opera House) and Circular Quay station for catching the many ferry options. Also walkable into the CBD shopping areas too. Sydney felt a pretty compact city and I walked most places, helped by a hotel in a good area as base.As for the room - it was spacious, with a fantastically soft and large bed which could fit 3 people, let alone just myself. Bathroom was shower only, but it was big and clean. If I'd stayed for more nights, I might have wanted a bathtub but not an issue this time round. Had no trouble with noise and slept well (aside from having to adjust a lot of time zones!).Buffet style breakfast was plentiful, though I tended to eat out more so can't comment on the restaurant fully. Lobby area was nice, with lounge singers in the evening and staff waiting on tables bringing drinks and food. My stay wasn't trouble free though - my booking wasn't actually on the system, which meant I had to be checked in as a walk-in. As a result, I was on the 8th floor which doesn't have much of a view and is probably the floor most of the flight crews who seem to stay here are on. But I'm not that fussy and was pleased with how it was handled. They did offer to move me, but I was already unpacked so declined but nice of them to recognise the error. If not for this mix up with the reservation, it would've been 5 out of 5.I imagine that I would have been put on the 20th floor or higher, so I'd advise to phone ahead in future to make sure, should the view be important to you.Want to mention specifically, the high level of service from staff I received. All were very friendly and helpful but I want to highlight the particular time where I foolishly lost my passport in the Botanic gardens (obviously no fault of the hotel). The front desk endeavoured to help me by contacting the police and the British Consulate on my behalf. So even though I was actually reunited with my passport an hour or so later as it was lucklily handed in at the Botanic Gardens bookshop, I was more than impressed with how they helped me out in my time of need.If my work requires me to Sydney again (fingers crossed) I can easily see myself staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Location, Location. Location Our family of four stayed in a deluxe room with a view of the Opera House. We arrived at 7am and had no problems checking in to our room. The room was lovely but a little small for four of us. Breakfast was always plentiful and very relaxing. The hotel is in an excellent location with most sights of interest being within walking distance. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best location, best service Best location and best service--that describes our experience with the Marriott Sydney Harbour. The concierges were the best we've seen anywhere--helpful and specific, volunteered additional information and made suggestions without being asked--all with a smile, of course. The room was quiet, spacious and spotless. The maid even lined up the two under-counter toilet tissue rolls so they were even. The location is just a block from the harbour--even better than a much higher priced competitor. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kawback
<Content>Fabulous Location We stayed at the Sydney Harbour Marriott for three days at the beginning of a two-week vacation in Australia and returned there for the last four days. The very best thing about this hotel is the location, 1 block from Circular Quay, a couple of blocks from The Rocks and the Opera House and only a few blocks from downtown shopping. The public transportation in Sydney is wonderful and being so close to the ferry and railway stations is great. Scott, the concierge, was excellent at suggesting restaurants and tours. Our room was nothing special though the shower was great. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rado_traveler
<Content>Great location and helpful staff We spent our first 3 nights of our 2 week trip to Australia here. The location is excellent for access to public transportation and the sites for tourist. The concierge was excellent in helping us. The room was nice and clean. We had a harbor view room and a great view of the Opera house from our 22nd floor room. Would stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Peggles
<Content>Centrally located!       hotel room  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aglazer
<Content>Comfortable Hotel, Great Location, Not 5* We stayed here after an overnight flight from Asia as a place to recover. The staff was kind enough to let us check in about 9 a.m., which is fantastic after an overnight flight. The rooms are comfortable and decently sized. There is wireless Internet in various locations in the hotel (although it's a bit pricey at around AUD$25 a day). Staff is friendly, too. The location can't be beat -- a couple blocks from Circular Quay in the heart of Sydney's CBD. The hotel is billed as a 5*, but I'd say it's more of a 4* type place. It's comfortable, clean, and nicely designed, but it lacks the extra touch that pushes something to that 5* level. Even so, it's a perfectly fine place to stay and I'd stay there again, but if you're looking for 5* accomodation, this isn't it.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Sydney Location The location is excellent and very convenient to the Circular Quay and The Rocks areas. The hotel staff was very helpful in arranging tickets to the opera for the same day. There is an Avis Rental car office on site. I believe that this hotel is classified as a 5-star hotel. I would rate it as a 4-star. Regarding the rooms, the baths have step in shower and separate tub. The rooms are noisy. Avoid an ajoining room and a room near the elevators.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>instantclick
<Content>Can't wait to get out! Imagine having to remind the room service about the order after waiting for an hour, and having to wait 15 minutes for the elevators (although there were 5!)? Well stay here if you do not mind such level of service and if you have lotsa money to burn! I was glad I changed to another hotel midway!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CFIGuy
<Content>Worth a few extra $$$ Stayed at this property on two separate visits for a total of 7 nights. Paid for the upgrade to the executive floor as well for AU$110 per night. Every single staff member at the hotel was great to work with. Everyone was very friendly and extremely helpful. When we checked-in around 11:30AM, there was no line, and we were able to go directly to our room. From what I have seen and heard, the Executive Level rooms are the same as the regular rooms, except they get turndown service and 2X daily housekeeping. Speaking of housekeeping, they cleaned our room everday in the 45 minutes that we were at breakfast. Executive Floor lounge was nice. Breakfast food was great. Evening food service was hit or miss, but I don't think that many people were trying to make a meal of it. The bellmen were extremely attentive when we needed baggage picked up / delivered. On a couple of occassions, they walked off before we could give them a tip. The coincierge desk was a great tool as well. I dealt with Scott, and he helped me out a ton. I also dealt with another coincierge on Scott's day off. We were trying to find a casual restaurant for dinner on Sunday, when most restaurants are closed. The other coincierge was trying to point us to places with $40-50 entrees. Went to the Rocks Cafe instead for a great meal at a cheaper price. On to the hotel services... In my opinion, the mini-bar prices and most of the room services prices weren't all that bad. You would be hard pressed to find meals at local restaurants for the prices offered. The restaurant on-site seemed like it charged about a $5 premium, which isn't terrible. The place to avoid though is the spa/gym. Prices were beyond sky high. Laundry services were also outrageously priced. All in all though, the best Marriott property that I have stayed in. The staff really made all of the difference.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! Great location, great hotel. We stayed with our two young girls and were very happy. The staff was kind and helpful. The location can not be beat.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it but Money Vacuum! My husband and I stayed at this hotel as part of our vacation package through Qantas. The room was beautiful; I loved the big, comfy bed and we had a great view of the Opera House. We were thinking of staying at a hotel on Darling Harbor, but this seemed a much better location (right near the Opera House, Botanical Gardens, Circular Quay, and the Rocks.) We ended up walking to Darling Harbor (I think hotels in that area would be much better for family holidays) and that wasn't too bad as we were staying in the heart of the city. Everything was pretty expensive, but considering where we were that seems a given. We were billed for a $6.50 bottle of water that we didn't drink, but that was taken off our bill when we checked out. (Therefore, in addition to speedy service, I was pretty impressed by the Customer Service). We had an hour to kill once we checked out and were waiting for our airport shuttle and the hotel was able to securely hold our luggage.Overall, if I was ever back in Sydney I would love to stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smart, up market choice near the harbour. A wonderful choice near the harbour, shopping, and theatre. I stayed 2 nights in a deluxe non-smoking room, and found the amenities a cut above other first class properties at this price point. The staff were efficient, and courteous. All of the public rooms were luxurious, yet comfortable. The main lobby is spacious and grand, reminiscent of a foyer on a ocean liner with a sweeping staircase. The only criticism would be the rather small hot tub provided near the swimming pool. Well worth looking at on your next visit to Sydney.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thoroughly loved the the Sydney Harbor Marriott Most excellent location. Our room was not ready when we arrived either but we knew check in time was not until 3pm. And we knew that even though early check in was requested that is was only a request and is not confirmable. The bellman was nice enough to hold our baggage and place it in our room once it was ready. They did this while we went out shopping so none of our time was wasted in the courtesy lounge. I walked everywhere from this hotel. We stayed at a different hotel near the train station and was no where near as convenient as the Sydney Harbor Marriott. I wore very casual attire and was treated with the upmost respect. I was not neglected in any way. I forgot to bye a power converter so they loaned me one for my whole stay! We had a beautiful Opera House view. I walked over to the the Pitt Street Mall, Circular Quay and The Rocks from this hotel. I love to walk so I pushed it a bit further and walked across the bridge from the hotel. The decor in the rooms are fresh and modern. Our bathroom had two sinks a glass shower and a separate bath tub. The bed was to die for! The individual thermostat was perfect especially after my long walk back from the bridge. I recommend this property 100%. Why go anywhere else? Have a great trip!!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>justdreaming
<Content>Enjoyed our stay! My family and I stayed here upon our arrival to Sydney from SFO and again on our way home, back to the states. We were pleasantly suprised when a room was available for early check in. (We were expecting to be offered the early arrival room.) The double room was rather small but very clean and comfortable. City and Bridge view especially nice at night. We had breakfast in the Executive club lounge. Lounge access was provided with my husband's Marriott gold status. Breakfast consisted of scrambled eggs, sausage/bacon, toast, fruit, cereal and pastry. Nice deserts in the evening. We didn't take advantage of Room service because the menu was a little pricey. I had planned on using the Health club but I chose to be a lazy girl instead. My husband, niece and nephew enjoyed playing in the pool and hot tub.Our second stay at the Marriott prior to returning home was equally comfortable. If I were to return to Sydney again, I would stay here. The staff is very friendly and they go all out to make you feel like happy campers.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KDK
<Content>Great Location Great location - just one block out of Circular Quay. Walking distance to the Opera House, Sydney Harbour Bridge, and the Rocks. It was easy to find breakfast on a weekday since it was in the financial district. We walked to the Rocks most evenings for dinner. Good access to city buses and the train. The room was a good size for a city hotel but nothing spectacular to write about. The concierge was very helpful in selecting tours and restaurants. On our next visit I would probably consider staying in the Rocks - that neighborhood has much more character.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rock412
<Content>Awesome location, great service We stayed at the Syndey Harbour Marriott for 3 nights in early February for our honeymoon. Before booking our hotel in Sydney I did some research and decided that using Priceline to book the hotel would be best, and that's what I did. For $90 US/night we got the Marriott. February is a high-peak month, so I highly recommend using Priceline to secure your hotel for a good rate! We arrived with the United Airlines crew around 10am and we were escorted to an upgraded room since we were here for our honeymoon. It was great that we were able to check-in right away and didn't have to wait for our room, although there is an early-arrivals lounge with a bathroom, food, and free Internet.The room was large with a city-view on a high floor. There were both a tub and separate shower, however the sink area was small. The lounge in the lobby is very active and reasonably priced. The location is in Circular Quay which is 2 blocks from the Ferry building and the Train. I highly recommend using the train to get from Sydney Airport to Circular Quay (Sydney Harbour Marriott, Four Seasons Hotel, Shangri La Hotel) because it's a lot cheaper than the $50 AU in a cab and very efficient. The ferry will take you to all the nearby harbours (Darling Harbour has great restaurants, the Sydney Aquarium and Casino). The hotel is about a 10 min walk to The Rocks area, which is where the Park Hyatt is, as well as some fabulous restaurants and pubs. Try Sailors Thai if you enjoy thai food.The concierge worked with my husband to surprise me with a dozen roses in our room and flower petals decorating the room, they really went all out to make our honeymoon and first visit to Australia amazing!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>allgoodnamesaretaken
<Content>Fantastic! I was there hours before the normal 2PM check-in time, but they had the room ready, plus they offered to upgrade me to the Executive level for $50AUD. It was well worth it, plus they gave me a room with a view of the Opera House so I took dozens of pictures from my room.The room was a very good size and the bed was incredibly comfortable. The staff in the Executive Lounge were very knowledgeable about every question I had for them. Every member of the staff I encountered during my 5 day stay was exceedingly courteous and helpful.The location is perfect for sightseeing in Sydney. The Circular Quay train stop is a very short walk, doable even laden with luggage, and the harbour is so close, it's practically inexcuasable not to end each day at the harbour, enjoying a drink or gelato from the cafes, bars and restaurants that seem to be open 24 hours a day there.There's no point in my shopping around for a hotel the next time I'm in Sydney, as this hotel more than met my expectations. The great price I got was just a bonus!  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unmade room at 5pm I stayed the Sydney Harbour Marriott Hotel on business trips in March 2004 and also recently for 5 nights in May 2005.I thought that the check-in service was fine, the staff were friendly staff and helpful. I had a king sized bed with a blanket which was too warm so I had to turn the air-conditioning on pretty strong. The bathroom was clean. I ordered room service twice, once it was delivered in 45 minutes and once it was delivered in 15 minutes. My boss who was travelling with me complained that her room had not been made up at 5pm. Maybe we've been spoiled by hotels in Asia that have more than enough staff to make up your room twice a day. But 5pm and an unmade room is not acceptable.They also forgot to give me an opportunity to review my bill before I paid for it which in my opinion is totally unacceptable.However, the location is excellent and I had a nice view of the opera house.  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>frozenfamilyof5
<Content>Best location in Sydney We really liked this hotel and getting it for $140/night US at priceline made it an unbelievable value! We stayed here for 3 nights, left for Cairns, and returned for 1 night before our trip back to the U.S. They kept some of our luggage while we were in Cairns. We stayed in 2 different rooms and both were lovely. One was just cityview, but had a unique triangular shape. The other was rectangular and faced the bridge. We loved the sliding window panels, the art deco furnishings, and the beautiful bathrooms. The beds were very comfortable. We had no problems with the staff. The concierge was helpful with restaurant suggestions ( seveal great places within a 3 block radius ) and with information on the public bus system (also nearby). Internet service is available in the business center at $5 for 30 minutes. My husband said the fitness center looked nice, but we never used it.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sallyhess
<Content>Soak Tub Luxury! Showed up about noon and room was not ready so the wonderful front desk employee, don't know her name, Indian woman, gave me a key to the early arrivals lounge which had everything your would need. I got the deal of 100 a night on priceline, included all tax and service fees, so I didn't expect much but the room was 5 star and would recommend it and my only problem was that I had left something in the drawer and hadn't realized it until after check out and the items were not returned. I called as I had moved to Shangri-la hotel, best in Sydney and they said they had just some of the things I left in drawer so I can only assume they were stolen by housekeeping.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sally70SouthWales_UK
<Content>Wonderful hotel I would highly recommend this hotel. We initally had a small room which was adequate but as we were staying for 2 weeks we were moved to another room with no fuss-we even had a view of the Opera House-wonderful.The hotel has an excellent location-turn right out of the hotel  you have just a 2 minute walk to the Rocks  Circular Quay and if you turn left you have a 5 minute walk to the shops. Just across the road is an excellent convenience store  internet cafe. The hotel was undergoing refurbishment when we were there but not even this work could spoil our time at this hotel.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>perth trip advisor
<Content>Location,Location Stayed at SHM early April for two nights. Absolutely brilliant location.As another reviewer noted though, Hotel lacks a little character and is perhaps somewhat sterile but rooms were first class and bed extremely comfortable. Dined in on first evening and meal was excellent with well researched wine list providing many highly drinkable Aussie vintages. Didn't bother with hotel breakfast as found small cafe right next to Hotel that provided good English/American breakfast for only a few dollars.Walked to most sights of interest, even walked from Oxford St. Paddington back to Hotel. Paddington is an old, very interesting inner suburb with chic shops and delightful terraced houses. Lovely stroll back through beautiful Hyde Park. (Reminiscent of Londons Parks).It is many years since my wife and I last visited Sydney and it is still a fascinating and delightful place to visit. The Marriot being so close to the magnificent harbour and surrounds made it just that much more enjoyable.An absolute must is to visit the cocktail bar on the 36th floor of the Shangri La Hotel (a city block away from SHM). We arrived just before sunset and had amazing views of sun setting through one set of windows and rush hour traffic crossing Sydney Harbour bridge directly below us through another set of huge glass windows. Must be one of the most spectacular city sights anywhere in the world!Enjoy your stay at SHM, we certainly did..  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>evker
<Content>great hotel We stayed 5 nights at the Marriott and it was fabulous. contrary to the previous post I found the staff very helpful and they went out of their way to help me with a few problems. the rooms were very nice and the location of the hotel cant be beat. I would reccomend this hotel very highly.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Good Names All Gone!
<Content>Great hotel, shame about the staff! We stayed at the Sydney Harbour Marriott for a few days in March. Booked using Marriott reward points for 4 nights. Closer to the trip, we added an extra night but explained that we wouldn't be arriving until early the next morning (landed at about 6 am and wanted to get straight into our room after the long trip from the UK).Got to the hotel and the fact that we had booked for one night and were only just arriving caused them no end of confusion. We had phone messages every day because they couldn't find the reservation with the points on. On one occasion, they also couldn't manage to switch off the message light so we had this flashing all night (or until we unplugged the phone).Other than fairly useless staff, you could have been in any big chain hotel anywhere in the world. It was clean, comfortable and characterless, but we only wanted a city base so weren't bothered about that.Wouldn't bother paying the upgrade charge for the harbour view. I imagined a glorious view of the whole sweep of Sydney harbour with the opera house. What we got was a view of the opera house in between other tower blocks - really not worth bothering with.Didn't have brekkie included in the deal and there are loads of places you can get a good breakfast for half the price of the Marriott. Don't bother paying for brekkie unless you really want to pig out at the buffet. I would class this as a characterless hotel, great location and okay as a central base for exploring Sydney.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel!!! You really need to stay here... Great Hotel! Good Service! Near a great location which is near the quay. It was accessible to everything. You must really have a Harbour Opera View... so beautiful. Staff was very accomodating and very friendly. The easter buffet lunch was to die for.... Chocolate fondue and main course lobster!!! YUMMY!Anyway, loved our stay and we will be back!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like Fawlty Towers From the moment we arrived (when no-one bothered to take our bags from the taxi) to the moment we left, there was nothing but hassles.Our booking (made 3 months prior) was incorrect as they had us staying for one night not two, and then told us we would have to move rooms during our stay.Despite breakfast being inclusive, it was placed on our bill (despite checking with reception and with the restaurant)We were overcharged in the bar, and when this was pointed out, were told NOTHING COULD BE DONE ABOUT IT!!! (they soon got the message).Staff seemed totally inept.Even checkout took 20 minutes due to a long queue at the reception desk.Complaints fell on deaf ears.Nice hotel, great location, dreadful service  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>diazhill
<Content>An overall OK stay - but not great. We arrived quite early (9am) on a red-eye flight from Vancouver and the front desk initially did not want to give us our room until 3pm - Only after I reminded them that our reservation had been made for almost 1 year in advance (using Marriott Rewards points) and that we had been promised early check-in, were we given our keys to our room on the 26th floor - which had a great view of the Sydney Harbour Bridge.Not certain if we were bumped up from our city view room because we insisted on early check-in, or because we paid the $99.00 per night upgrade for access to the Executive Lounge for free breakfast buffet and evening cocktails  appetizers.If you fly to Sydney on United, you'll probably bump into your flight attendant here - as it is a popular hotel for airline flight crews.The room was quite small and typical Marriott - but, the bed! it was amazing!!.. comfy matress, triple sheeted with crisp cotton linens (Frette?), two fluffy down duvets, and the BEST pillows I have ever slept on!Their sometimes fast (most times SLOW) in-room High-Speed internet was an expensive $99.95 per week (or $9.95 per HOUR). No ice machines - so each and everytime we wanted ice, we had to call room service - which was annoying!Great location - only a 2 minute walk to Circular Quay.Indoor pool was nice, but wish it was outdoors.Housekeeping was below average - room was dusty and glass top tables  desk were covered with drink rings and finger prints (actually had to leave a note to request that the glass on the desk top be cleaned).An overall 'OK' stay - but not great.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BigHarleyDog
<Content>Not as good as the other reviews The best part about this hotel is the location. It is very close to Circular Quay, The Rocks, The Bridge and the Opera House. I didn't find the staff all that friendly, although I wasn't dressed in a suit. The food available at the hotel was mostly buffett style, breakfast was $32.00 and bad. Eat elsewhere. I had a Deluxe Opera View room, which was a good view of the Sydney Opera House.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding service         
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Michaela
<Content>Sydney Harbor Marriott worked out great! We stayed at the Sydney Harbor Marriott between December 28 and January 2, 2005. We booked our reservation almost a year in advance because we wanted to use Reward points and we wanted to have the New Year's Eve experience at the Opera House. Our room was of course free with points, but we paid out of pocket $110US/night to upgrade to a suite facing the Opera House, and it was definitely worth it.Granted, I certainly cannot complain about the hotel since the majority of the cost was free. But even if we had paid full price, it was a lovely place to stay. The room was very clean and attractively decorated (though the suite is not large as suites go). The hotel (as many of the large hotels) is very conveniently located to the key tourist areas. A Starbucks is right across the way. An Avis branch is located in the hotel which made things very convenient for taking a trip to the Blue Mountains. The service from the staff was quite good as well.Make sure to have access to the concierge level. The alcohol was free, and the hor d'oeurves spread was more than enough for a dinner if you did not want to go out. There was a wide selection of foods offered both in the evening and in the morning for breakfast. New Year's Eve was everything I had hoped it would be. We had gotten tickets on-line for the actual NYE performance in the Opera House, and we could view the fireworks from viewing platforms in the Opera House, so we did not have to deal with the throngs of people jockeying for position. Although our Marriott room had a direct view of the harbor, you would not want to stay in your hotel while this world-reknown visual extravaganza is going on. Unfortunately for them, some people thought that would be the best way to enjoy the fireworks. It was said that the harbor had 1.5 million people viewing the fireworks, and it probably did. But the crowd was so happy and well behaved (no alcohol can be brought in) that I felt very comfortable and safe - and would have felt safe walking back to the hotel without my husband had I needed to.Marriott is not the Four Seasons, but then again they don't charge like them either. It was a perfect place to land for 5 days, and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>campi
<Content>Excellent location! We just returned from staying 4 nights at the Sydney Harbour Marriott from January 18 to January 22, 2005 after an Auckland to Sydney cruise. The location is ideal. You are steps to Circular Quay and the ferries and trains. You are also walking distance to the Opera House, the Botanical Gardens, the Rocks and more. We even walked to the Queen Victoria Building and Chinatown and took the ferry back from Darling Harbour. We had a great rate from Priceline but upgraded to an executive suite ($99 Aud. for 2 or $140 Aud for 3 per night). We had a great Harbour Bridge view on the 29th floor. The upgrade also included turn down service with a chocolate on your comfortable bedding. But best of all was the executive lounge on the 30th floor where our upgrade included a full hot  cold breakfast buffet each morning; access to softdrinks, bottled water, cappoccino, cafe latte all day; cocktails, wine, beer and hors d'ouevres and desserts (practically another meal) each evening in a lovely setting. Wonderful service  amenities. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vancouver-jim
<Content>Fabulous I don't think there is a better hotel to stay at in Sidney. Great location, great rooms, excellent food. Probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vanessa_S1977
<Content>Wonderful stay Stayed here 1-3 Jan '05. Had a magnificent view of the Sydney Opera House on 24th floor.Only 1 complaint - the pool was not heated and it's one depth all around (1.4mt)I recommend staying here for its excellent location...walking distance to Circular Quay and Sydney Opera House.Loved the pillows.....so comfortable. Beds were just a nice.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DaveHarrop
<Content>Great Hotel. Great Location I stayed at the SHM for three weeks in April 2004 whilst visiting Sydney on business. I guess this is a 'business hotel'. No outdoor pool or anything like that and nowhere to sit out but a great location for visting the sites and plenty of eateries within easy walking distance. Get an executive room if possible. This gives you access to the exec lounge with free breakfast and cocktails/nibbles. I made the exec lounge my second office and the guys that run the lounge really look after you. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed the Marriott Sydney Harbour For our getaway weekend in Sydney with friends from Brisbane, Qld, we chose The Marriott Sydney Harbour after browsing through just about every hotel around the Sydney CBD listed in the internet. We wanted somewhere that would enhance our stay and felt that the reviews of this hotel could meet our numerous and rather demanding expectections. From the moment we set foot into the hotel, we were plesantly surprised by the beautifully appointed interiors but more importantly by the very generous and friendly staff only too ready to help. What impressed me most was the incentive and flexibility each staff member showed in handling the different situations. Congratulations to everyone working there and keep up the great work! I must also say a BIG Thank-you! to the baggage handlers for their quick action in ringing us up soon after we departed in a taxi to inform us we left a camera behind. Thank-you guys! We'll definately be back next time we are in town. p/s location, location, location - you couldnt get closer to the busses, ferries and trains, the harbour bridge view was great from our room, slept like a log in the king bed and breakie was well laid out (downside was we ate too much!)  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>giantsfan2
<Content>One of the top hotels in Sydney   showReview(2507660, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Koen from Belgium
<Content>The elevator problem   showReview(2326727, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Harbour Marriott   showReview(2249306, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I love SHM!   showReview(2174524, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a wonderful hotel!   showReview(2132873, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel   showReview(2121320, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>montognese
<Content>Just an amazing hotel....   showReview(1731738, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Buffet   showReview(1557131, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sydney Harbor Marriott was terrific!   showReview(1438188, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sydney Renaissance-Wonderful   showReview(939056, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>enrico2
<Content>Ottimo hotel ottima posizione       sala colazione  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>wsstats
<Content>Vista spettacolare   showReview(20368189, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cholyse
<Content>Excellent emplacement.Un bel h么tel Mariott   showReview(20316948, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimoper la posizione   showReview(18538490, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚   showReview(19170373, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>纰恒亱銇墿銇壇銇?#x201d;   showReview(19169871, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s gros probl猫mes de s茅curit茅   showReview(11411908, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Ivanorris
<Content>Muy buena situaci贸n            
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr beeindruckendes und nobles Hotel mit bestem Service   showReview(11356764, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娉娿伨銇ｃ仧閮ㄥ眿銇屽畨銇勩儵...   showReview(19925630, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亜銉┿兂銈伄閮ㄥ眿銇犮仯...   showReview(19922374, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婊炲湪鍨嬨伄銉勩偄銉笺仹銇椼仧...   showReview(19919208, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

