<Author>Debbie17Calera
<Content>Wonderful True New Orleans Hotel !!!! Wow what a neat find!! I was in New Orleans on a business trip. Wanting to save money I booked this hotel. Wow what a surprise did I get for my money!! Upon walking thru the door I knew it was going to be a treat. Lots of wonderful New Orleans character. Building was built in 1800s with high ceilings, windows, and doors. After I checked in the desk clerk walked me to my room, showing me the balony I was welcomed to use, and the breakfast room as well. The staff was extremly friendly and helpful. As a women traveling alone, I felt very save and secure staying here. I'll be back!!!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>markinmadison1
<Content>Charming Hotel, Wonderful Staff I have stayed with Avenue Garden Hotel in the past - before Katrina. I was pleasantly surprised that the hotel is better than it was before the storm. It is an excellent location for families or groups of people wanting to get together. I found the hotel staff to be excellent and attentive at all times - especially the General Manager, Lydia.This is a quaint hotel that is down to earth while profiding a high quality stay. The fact that the St Charles Street Street car line is literally out the front door is an incredible advantage for this location. there is enough local nightlife to endulge the late night crowd in your party while it is away from the 24 hour excitement of the Quarter. It is only about a $7 cab fare from Harrah's casino and about 30 minutes from Carrolton via street car.I stayed there over the Bayou Classic week-end which happened to follow Thanksgiving. Therefore, there was a mix of guests in the property. In spite of the diverse clientele it was a quiet room. . . well, maybe except for my own children!The continental breakfast was a nice touch that heled to defer the overall cost of a day in New Orleans. While we often overspent our budget while out and about it was always nice to be able to save some money on breakfast and then go out and eat your way through the city.If you are looking for a small hotel in the Garden District but centrally loaced to the French Quarter this is the hotel for you!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dack6849
<Content>A Wonderful Experience My wife had flight coupons that needed to be used before the expiration date. We wanted to go someplace we've never been for a long weekend. We chose New Orleans. Knowing very little about the city or the hotels, I chose to try to save money by using Orbitz.com. We took a shuttle from the airport to the city. We were the last stop since our hotel was not in the city, but in the Garden District. Again, we didn't really know what that meant. Everyone else was dropped off at a high rise hotel that can be found in any city USA. Our hotel was an old 2-story hotel in a very quaint part of town. We entered the hotel and began what was one of the most wonderful weekends we have ever enjoyed together - and the Garden Avenue Hotel was a big part of the perfect weekend. The accommodations were perfect. The staff is incredibly friendly and the surrounding area is amazing. Upon leaving, my wife and I commented that our stay was much more like a Bed and Breakfast than a hotel. Lydia, Alvia and the rest of the staff went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed saw the highlights of the city. I will never stay any place else and highly recommend The Garden Avenue to anyone traveling to New Orleans. By the way, if you look at a map and it seems the hotel is too far from the city, the street car will get you to the intersection of Canal and Bourbon in 10 minutes. Taking the street car the other direction will lead you into one of the most beautiful neighborhoods in the world. Take it all the way to the end, eat at the Camilla Grill and enjoy a walk back past Tulane University and Loyola University, the beautiful old houses and down Magazine Street.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sachsemom
<Content>Perfectly Quaint I would definately stay here again. The rooms were nice and the atomosphere was that of a quaint bed and breakfast. The staff were accomodating, helpful and knowledgeable offering information on tours and restaurants. One of the best places we ate was Voo Doo BBQ which is right next door and Stop 9 which is just across the street. I recommend a swamp tour through Louisiana Tour Co. It's a bit pricey for the air boat tour but well worth it. Our guide was charming, funny and full of New Orleans history! The Haunted History Tour was mediocre at best.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>wjg63
<Content>Nice place, good location We went down to NOLA for a long weekend and picked this place after a little web searching. Our room was very comfortable and recently renovated. The staff was friendly and helpfull. Emeril's is a 2 block walk away. The Garden District has become a little more sketchy of a neighborhood post Katrina, but is still one of the nicer parts of New Orleans. Lots of good restaurants in easy walking distance.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>europeanfly
<Content>would go back This hotel was well located and the street car is right outside the door so its so easy to get in and out of the french quarter and bourbon st. The room was perfect for me as a solo traveller, the bed was huge and the decor had an old french feel about it. The staff were very helpful in advising me about tours and places to go and see. I didn't spend much time in the room but carpet on the floor could have been hoovered a little and water in the shower was cold at times but overall i had an enjoyable stay and the neighbourhood is safe and quiet  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>Jlarso
<Content>Hands down the best place we stayed in New Orleans My husband and I stayed at the Avenue Garden during a slow period, much to our luck. The manager of the hotel, a wonderful and accomodating woman, asked if we'd like to be upgraded to their best room with a balcony overlooking St. Charles. She also asked if we'd like free use of their parking garage since it was available. Of course we said yes to both. This is a small, private hotel that joins Voodoo BBQ next door with a beautiful courtyard, and it is virtually near everything in the city. If you're looking for all the extravagances and luxuries, this probably isn't your hotel. But if you're looking for an authentic taste of New Orleans, with beautiful high ceilings, ornate molding, and an atmosphere I've yet to find offered anywhere else, this is the place to stay. They were performing some small renovations to the hotel, as is everyone after the storm, and everyone was friendly and accomodating to us. The staff at the Avenue Garden made a stressful, hectic business trip into a relaxed and fabulous stay. I would say we would stay again but we've now moved to the city, so instead we recommend all of our friends and family to stay at the hotel. My husband and I absolutely loved this place. I've owed them this raving review for a long time and I truly appreciated how great they were to us. Thank you, Avenue Garden!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travel4workAA
<Content>We loved it!!!!! Best deal in NOLA!! This place is amazing! My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary and loved it. We booked on the website last minute and got a great rate. The staff was wonderful and very helpful. They offer off street parking for $10 a day, which is very affordable and recommended. The location was perfect ~ right on the trolley line. There are several local restaurants and bars that are very close and very affordable. The rooms are like an old boarding house and very romantic. The court yard is great for just chilling with a few drinks and friends. I recommend this place to anyone who wants a try New Orleans experience at a great price and location.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wynot
<Content>Hit and Miss The Avenue Garden Hotel is not for everyone but if you are comfortable with some compromises, it's a good value. We travel often and prefer off-beat, privately owned properties so the Avenue Garden was right up our alley. That said, there are both pros and cons. On the upside, the location in the Garden District is convenient to the street car, dining and the New Orleans vibe is palpable. It should be noted that the hotel offers very limited parking in its garage around the block (with a glitchy garage door) so you may be parking on the street any where within a several block radius. Keep that in mind if you are uncomfortable leaving your car unattended the neighborhood. The hotel does have a loading zone in the front and we were able to park there long enough to move our bags in and out. Upon check-in, we were given a room without a shower curtain but with clothes and personal items in the armoire (the result of a minor miscommunication, as it turns out). Those things were easily remedied but the door didn't lock and that was not! We were moved to another, less desirable room for the night and then moved again to a nicer room the next day. Having seen three rooms, I can honestly say that the furnishings are a little bit dinged but the beds are comfortable, the bathrooms functional, and the overall level of cleanliness is quite good. There are some oddities afoot however: despite two network hubs, there is no wi-fi - no connectability, no signal - but there is a computer for use in a common area and it had good internet speed. All three rooms we saw had ironing boards but only one had an iron. One room had only one lamp and it was in the opposite corner from the beds. There were no hairdryers. If you are traveling by car, seriously consider bringing your own pillows. On the plus side, the staff was very pleasant and accommodating. The owner is making upgrades to the property. We got a bargain rate and overall the accommodations were well in line with what we paid. I was really only frustrated with the defective door lock (I'm told it's been fixed) and the lack of wi-fi which truly was maddening.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	4	2	1	

<Author>ChristinX1
<Content>Avenue Garden Hotel I've stayed in this quaint hotel every time I've been home to visit New Orleans (since Katrina), and each time it gets better.Avenue Garden is now under new ownership, and the lovely Ms. Lydia is simply awesome. She's friendly, and she cares about her guests.She is updating/repairing the rooms, which has been a work in progress since Katrina, and I'm happy to see it.The rooms themselves are small, but they suit me fine, as I'm not there to sleep - I'm there to visit and have fun! I'm rarely in my room. There is a nice sized TV, alarm clock, and efficient AC. If you are in a room nearer to St. Charles Ave, you might hear the streetcar pass by in the evening/morning, but to me it's a soothing sound (I'm happy they're back!). There is a computer for guest's use in the lobby, and there is now an assortment of breakfast items there, as well (this is new - it used to be just coffee) - muffins, sweet rolls, juice and the like.There is no elevator, so be prepared to not only walk up the front steps, but to your room if you're upstairs. I request a 1st level room when I stay there.Location-wise, I don't think there's a better deal in the city. Right Uptown/Garden District on the St. Charles streetcar line, and just a few dollars for a United into the CBD, Quarter or Marigny. It's walking distance to Magazine Street (4 blocks), and there are several excellent restaurants, bars and shops right on St. Charles Avenue, as well (Slice, Miyako, St. Charles Tavern, Sushi Brothers, Voodoo BBQ and Lucky's, to name a few).Until I move back home, this is where I'll always stay.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>PedroAguayo
<Content>Gorgeous Wonderful Avenue Garden We arrived in New Orleans planning to stay with a friend, and when plans changed we went on Orbitz and searched for a nice Hotel within our friends living area. Low and behold we found a great deal for the Avenue Garden Hotel. Now for the price we got through orbitz for the hotel, well I'll just say we really appreciated it. This Hotel was magnificent, beautiful, and truly New Orleans style. The rooms were so fabulously decorated in old French Quarter, the staff was extremely pleasant. Everything was so convenient to get to. I know when I go back I'm booking this hotel even if I have to pay triple the price!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wyndsome
<Content>Very Cool Hotel This was our first trip to New Orleans so we were clueless as to where to stay and this place was GREAT! A new owner has just taken over and was working the check-in desk when we arrived. She was fabulous and helpful and directed us the the ACME Oyster House in the French Quarter for dinner, which was perfect. The trolley runs right outside the front door. The building is quaint old style, and undergoing some renovations, so if you're expecting The Ritz, you won't like this place. However, our experience was excellent and you can't beat the price and location. We will be staying here for sure on our next trip.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ManandDan
<Content>Fine with me This hotel was fine with me. The staff was more than accommodating when I had to change the reservation date several times. We had room #28. Our bed was very, very comfortable. The bathroom was immaculate. I am VERY picky about a clean hotel bathroom and I was impressed. The tub was sparkling white with no sign of dirt or mold anywhere. The hotel is old and the furniture in the room was slightly scratched, etc. But, who cares about a dresser or night stand you aren't going to use! We did only stay one night, so I cannot comment on the maid service. Also, we did not park in the garage, so we did not have to pay the $10 parking fee. I would definitely stay there again...........  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>transafe
<Content>Great Experience This hotel has a new owner and she is doing a great job of upgrading the facilities. She is gracious and has great southern hospitality and charm about her. It is a great place for people who like to see New Orleans away from French Quarters. Great restaurants next door.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>QueenSt11
<Content>Ideal Spot! Great Experience! I stayed at the hotel a few weekends ago while in town to attend my granddaughter's graduation from Loyola. The hotel is the quintessential bargain for college parents and is in the greatest location - not quite in the french quarter and not too far uptown. The hotel is located right on the trolley line (with RTA passes available at the front desk) and the ride to campus or downtown is no more than twenty minutes. The building was characteristically New Orleans and made me feel like I was staying with family or friends rather than at a hotel. If you are looking for a fancy, corporate Marriot or Sheraton, this is not the place for you. But if you prefer to stay in a cozy and comfortable bed and breakfast type of hotel, the Avenue Garden is the perfect fit. The staff was helpful, friendly, and well-informed about the area. I had no problems getting around by myself. My room was spacious and the interior looked very new. Housekeeping was curteous and kept my room clean and stocked. Overall, I was more than pleased with my experience and would strongly recommend this hotel, especially to those traveling on a budget.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>601_Queen
<Content>Hell Hotel!!!!Hell Manager!!!!!!Owner!!!Whatever!       U've been WARNED!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	2	1	2	

<Author>white06
<Content>Wonderful!!!!! I had the experience to visit New Orleans since the devastation of 2005, and I must say that my recent trip was wonderful as a result of my accommodations. I experience the hospitality of Ms Liydia and Elvina the weekend, that was awesome. The location of the hotel and the many inexpensive eateries nearby made the stay that more pleasant. At the Avenue you are close enough to the French Quarter to party, but far enough away to relax and enjoy the Historic Garden District. Thank You Avenue for bringing New Orleans back to me!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CristinB
<Content>Great place to stay I stayed here during Jazz Fest and was expecting something not so nice but I was pleasantly surprised. We arrived in town very early and they let us check in to our room early and gave us garage parking spot for the whole weekend. The room was very clean and staff was very nice. I was very pleased w/ my stay and will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vascale
<Content>Just right for me I booked this hotel on their website with no problems. The location is great, mid-between the French Quarter and the Garden District, both really accessible from the St. Charles street car stop right across the street. It's $1.25 each way for all streetcars, but you can get an all day pass at the desk for $3, or go down to the small market a few blocks down on the same side of the street for a 3 day pass. The hotel staff is nice and will help set up tours, but you can do this either on their computer (free internet) or call from your room. My room was comfy, with a mirror on the ceiling :) They do have balconies, but I wasn't able to get a room with it, instead my view was a blank wall across the alley, but that was ok. The window had a crack in it, housekeeping didn't clean inbetween days in my room, but I saw they did in others. Wasn't a problem though. The shower didn't work for me, but can't say it was broken...may have just been me. Baths were great though. The bed was a king and REALLY comfortable. Staff accomodated a wake up call. They are at the desk until 3am and very helpful with directions and safety measures. GREAT pizza literally 2 steps next door, and great BBQ on corner, 30 seconds away. Would stay here again, definitely. Oh, best part, $59 a night. Can't beat that!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>ataube59
<Content>Fantastic value The Avenue Garden Hotel is a nice, small hotel in the Garden District in New Orleans. Located near a bunch of good (and relatively inexpensive) restaurants, it is in a good neighborhood, with easy access to a trolley that takes you to the French Quarter. We had a sizable group (8 people) and the staff bent over backwards to make our stay enjoyable. All of that and price was hard to beat. If you don't expect anything too fancy you will be very satisfied.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>porter_osborne
<Content>Good hotel, good price Property is renovated old structure. The style of the hotel give lots of old city feel with most modern conveniences. Was there same weekend as a youth group, so they were a bit noisy, but that can happen in any hotel. trolly stop is right across the street and takes you all the way to canal and st. charles.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>bigleague
<Content>Great Value       The sink, which I thought was really neat  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Breity2
<Content>Very happy with our stay!       Inside of our room #47  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cheeseandwine
<Content>location, location, price, location I am a business traveler who has a set budget. I try to find a a great hotel for a great price so I can spend my money eating New Orleans' wonderful cuisine. This was my first trip to the Avenue Garden Hotel and my stay was nothing short of wonderful.  I arrived earlier than the 3:00 p.m. check in time, prepared to wait, but was able to get into my room immediately.  Parking was offered to me in a garage behind the hotel which was about a 1/2 block...instead i parked on side of the hotel which was free and closer to the one entrance.  The room was a bit small for my taste but it had all the essentials. Furniture was a little outdated but didn't bother me. The room had a king sized bed(comfy bed and pillows), desk and chair, nice size t.v. and a non working fireplace that added a bit of charm. The bathroom may have been a little outdated as well but was well lit by a small window and had great water pressure as well as an abundance of hot water...I love hot showers. The front desk was very helpful in finding me the best spots in town to eat and listen to live music. The street car stops right out front and runs till around 11 which is nice if you are downtown eating a late dinner. The hotel is located in the perfect location. A stones throw to the garden district and arts district and not far from the French Quarter...which takes like 15 minutes to walk to. Being a business traveler I need internet access, and a good night sleep which i was able to get at the Avenue Garden Hotel. by the way, the internet is free. I will definitely be staying here for future trips to New Orleans, business related or not. The great location and the friendly and helpful staff as well as the comfortable and affordable accommodations will keep me coming back!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Poohmon02
<Content>We got a parking ticket for $20 for staying at this hotel We stayed there when a special event was going on and when we got there,the front desk rep. told us that we can park anywhere,because the police dont ticket people on the weekends, so we parked in front of the hotel(on St. Charles Street)because there was no where to park, when we checked in our room we walked back to our car and there was a parking ticket on our car. I would like to say for those who plan to go to Mardi Gras if you want to stay at this hotel, park on Martin Luther king street or on another street, but it is going to be hard to find a parking space because the restaraunts customers park there also, do not park in front of the gree and white house too.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BillArkansaw
<Content>I love the Avenue Garden I've stayed in four rooms at the Avenue Garden Hotel over four visits over the years. I'm both cheap and a single traveler, so it is a great hotel for me. When I first started coming to New Orleans, I would compare prices and the AGH was always very reasonably priced compared to its competition. A couple of the rooms I have stayed in were a little on the small side, but they were plenty for just me. The bigger rooms should be enough for a couple.The hotel is located in sort of an odd neighborhood that isn't in any of the destinations, but it is near to all of them. I really don't understand why people would want to pay a severe premium to stay in the French Quarter and the nonsense that it entails when you can stay 5 minutes away for a fraction of the price. The hotel doesn't have a bar or restaurant, but it really wouldn't make sense to have either when there is a perfectly good BBQ joint on one side and an excellent pizza place on the other. Avenue Garden Hotel isn't a fancy place and it isn't a big place, but it is placed right and priced right, so that's all I can really ask for (it also doesn't hurt that the girls behind the desk are cute.)  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>GeorgiaHottie
<Content>Gross We had so many problems with this hotel. We were in town for a wedding and just wanted someplace affordable and CLEAN. I was not looking for anything fancy. We arrived in New Orleans around 2 p.m. and they told us our room was not ready yet. We left and came back at 4:30 and our room STILL was not ready. Keep in mind that the wedding was that evening and we needed to have time to get dressed and leave around 5:30-45. Room STILL was not ready. They used the excuse that housekeeping was short-staffed. We waited around and finally checked in around 5:15. Our bed was gross. Multiple stains on the comforter and the under blanket was even worse. It had blood stains all over it. DISGUSTING. I called the manager and her excuse? Well, we wash our blankets once a month (even more gross) and those are set in stains so we can't help that. You also happen to be staying in the honeymoon suite so what do you expect? WTF? So because we happened to book the honeymoon suite (only because it was the only one with a king sized bed) we can EXPECT to see nasty, dirty, filthy stains everywhere?? They said they would bring clean blankets etc while we were out. We returned from the wedding at 2 p.m., NO BLANKETS. We called...and waited 30 minutes. Still nothing. My fiance had to finally go down to the desk and get them for us. Overall, it was a horrible experience and I'll never stay there again. Beside the fact that the room was dirty, we heard loud banging sounds all day and night from the pizza place downstairs. Let me also add that the shower did not drain well, so the soap scum stuck to the tub every time we took a shower. DON'T STAY THERE!!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>slc624
<Content>Great base for New Orleans visit - comfortable, economical  The Avenue Garden Hotel is a great place to use as a base for a trip to New Orleans. A few small flaws keep it from perfection, but for the price I don't think it can be beat anywhere.I had never visited New Orleans before, so I have no point of reference for the feel of the city and the Garden District, nor for what makes a good price for a hotel there. But since what we paid was less than a Motel 6 here in Wilmington, N.C., (and which is nowhere near either the beach or the river!) and the hotel itself and the neighborhood it lives in were both significantly more charming than the average Motel 6, I call it a fabulous bargain.As a boutique hotel, the Avenue Garden probably offers a wide variety of rooms, so I will specify that we were in Room 16. It's a two-bed double, with two double windows (although the view is nothing to write home about 鈥?a brick wall on one side and a vacant lot and cyclone fence, with morning glories, on the other) providing plenty of natural light. The window air conditioning unit wasn't on when we arrived late in a sweltering afternoon, but it cooled off adequately while we were out for dinner. The beds, bathroom, shower, and water pressure were all fine, but the water temperature 鈥?cold water so warm that no hot needed to be added for an August shower 鈥?left something to be desired. The biggest issue we had with the hotel staff was the mystification with which they greeted my request for something nonskid to stand on in the smooth-as-glass bathtub while showering. Apparently their 78-year-old mothers aren't using it! We made do with a towel in the tub. The second-biggest issue was their insistence on making up the entire room every day, removing perfectly good soap and shampoo, when we specifically asked them to leave clean towels only. We also had a minor problem with the remote control for the TV that took four people two days to fix. For those driving to New Orleans or renting a car for the visit, note carefully: the garage is very small, perhaps eight spaces. It is free, which is great, but there wasn't a space available the day we arrived, so the car had to stay on the street in a metered space that needs quarters beginning at 8 a.m. Fortunately, we were having breakfast around the corner and saw some other guests leaving to go check out, so I ran and got the prized garage clicker before I fed any meters. The staff suggested that it would help to mention that you鈥檙e driving when you make the reservation, although they didn't go so far as to say that would guarantee a spot as they are first-come, first-serve.There is also a distinct lack of information provided about the hotel's services and offerings, at least in our room. We had to follow a man with an ice bucket to find the ice machine. The desk is open (I think) between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m., with a phone number for other-hours emergencies. There is a breakfast area (it looks like one and one desk clerk referred to it as such), but no breakfast, only coffee 鈥?and infuriatingly enough, they turn off the reservoir-style coffee maker so that it takes an hour to heat up and I couldn't even make tea that I brought myself until 8 a.m., after arising at 6 since I was still on Eastern time. The website claims internet access in every room, but since there was no desk and this was among the amenities about which no information was provided, I never even got out my laptop to try and find out. The old, slow computer in the lobby just outside the room sufficed for a quick map search or to check my email. Somehow it got logged off one morning, but the staff got it back up for me when I asked.The staff, except for the two issues noted above, were all very friendly and helpful. There were a couple of unusual aspects to the reservation and they dealt with them in a an outstandingly satisfactory fashion. When I left the keys on the nightstand during a jaunt down on the bayous, they happily let us in when we returned, and they even printed a map for me, out of my email.While it would be a very long and perhaps not recommended walk to the French Quarter, it can also be a pain to drive. Fortunately we went there with family members who were staying there, so I didn't have to drive or pay for a cab. Based upon my observations of traffic, etc., I think I would drive and pay to park in the public lot along the river near the French Market for a daytime visit and take a cab for an evening out in the French Quarter. It's also important to note that the streetcars, as of this writing at the end of August 2007, are still not running along St. Charles Avenue past Lee Circle (coming from the French Quarter). Lee Circle is about 10 blocks away, but I didn't see a likely (safe and comfortable) pedestrian route there. I don't know what the schedule is for restoring streetcar service 鈥?once they are back, the transportation issue would be much less important. I might even do without a car on a return trip if the streetcar were running 鈥?airport shuttle is $13 each way per person, so for just me it would be a decent savings.Right in the walkable radius of the hotel are several options for food, including Emeril's Delmonico. We didn't eat there, but certainly would give it a try if we hadn't had such a busy schedule already. The best meal we had in three days there was at VooDoo BBQ right next door 鈥?so close that the hotel's back patio connects to theirs! A party of six had all the major offerings on the menu but the ribs, and it was all absolutely wonderful, from the pulled pork and brisket to the corn pudding and gris-gris greens (mustard) just like Grandma's. St. Charles Tavern around the corner was good for breakfast (think neighborhood bar that morphs into pancake house at dawn, open 24 hours!) but we ran into a real attitude problem on the second visit 鈥?look for a separate review shortly.The rest of our party was staying in a nice, slightly larger hotel with a pool, in the French Quarter, for about $20 a night more for a comparable room also including free parking, and walking distance to all the tourist stuff. Those who want to be in the thick of things in the French Quarter may want to spend a little more, especially if they don't plan to drive at all. But for us, with a schedule that included several legs on I-10, accessed only five blocks from the hotel, this one really suited us, and if I go back I will definitely stay there again.As for New Orleans itself, well, there isn't room in a review like this. It was unbelievable all the way around, but to us what is most remarkable is the resiliency of the city and its people. It is still terrible in many places, and we may well have dealt with people whose living conditions are still bad 鈥?but in tourist places and elsewhere, they were warm and welcoming and never let on, and we were deeply impressed.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HeartNewOrleans
<Content>Was like being at home We stayed at this hotel in June of 2004 and had a wonderful time. I have read many reviews and have determined that it all depends on what your expectations are. If you are expecting a posh five star hotel with all of the amenities, then you will be disappointed because this hotel has a bed and breakfast feel to it. It is cozy and comfortable, warm and beautifully decorated. Our stay at this hotel made us feel like it was our home for the seven days we stayed. The staff was wonderful, especially the front desk girl who we actually became friends with. We are getting married next July 2008 and plan to return to New Orleans as part of our homeymoon and will definately be staying at this hotel.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>onhollyday
<Content>disapointed Based on the previous reviews, I expected a little more from this hotel...I don't care if a hotel I stay in is fancy, modern or with a lot of amentities BUT I do care if it is clean. This place did not feel clean and the bedding was very old and questionable... I did not look forward to laying my head down each night. We even switched rooms in hopes of it improving but it did not. The hotel staff was very nice though and the location was pretty convenient.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	5	4	-1	

<Author>apoa17
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! I recently stayed for four nights in New Orleans for a convention and with my company I travel a ton and frankly can call the bigger chain hotels home. I asked my company to find a more home -like place to stay and found AGH to be what I was looking for. It's small enough that the staff knew my name yet the hotel provided all the amenities and courtesy of the big names. From check in to check out, I was consistently asked how my stay was and if anything could be done to make it better.The bed and breakfast style hotel was refreshing after a long day. Quiet, friendly and relaxing. There were plenty of places for a quick bite if my schedule demanded it and above all I felt safe, a concern I had staying in downtown New Orleans.The location was perfect for me, far enough away from the hustle and bustle of downtown yet close enough to the city's best restaurants and unique nightlife. I would definitely suggest it to travelers missing home and tired of business as usual trips.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carb711
<Content>Great Deal - Clean Place I just returned from a four day stay at the Avenue Garden Hotel. I got there three hours before check in and the staff were nice enough to let me in a room immediately. This basically gave me an extra day to sight see. The staff were very friendly and I found the hotel to be very clean. While my room was furnished with old worn furniture, it was comfortable and quiet, and the house keepers did a good job. The parade route runs right in front of the hotel which was great. There were two consecutive parades on the first night of Mardi Gras. (four were scheduled on the same route Saturday when I checked out). There are two good restaurants (not fancy) on either side of the hotel. The streetcar is still not running, but the bus line runs right in front of the hotel. Be aware that the bus service is erratic at various times of the day. Nice walk to the French Quarter , the WWII Museum, Garden District and Decatur Street.. Would definitely stay again, and I found the room rate to be an extremely good value.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>momof3beautifulgirls
<Content>Great Place for Get Away The hotel was a great place for a 4 day get-away. The hotel is next door to a fantastic bbq restaurant and short walks to many other wonderful places to eat. The bus line is right in front of the hotel to take you to the French Quarter ($2.50 round trip ride vs. an expensive taxi ride is definitely a plus when staying for several days). Hotel staff were pleasant, room was small but clean, and any requests were handled quickly. The patio was a great way to sit outside, but it is enclosed by the buildings and didn't really provide any views, but that was okay with us because we just wanted to be out enjoying the 70 degree weather. Be sure to visit Donna's on North Rampart for live jazz, good food, and friendly New Orleans people.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MemberAAA
<Content>Great Place Good location. The Graden District is beautiful. Staff is very nice. Room was quiet, clean, and comfortable. The building is very old. Very European. Would go back for sure.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LoveNewOrleans
<Content>Dreary and Dirty I read all the reviews so I thought it was going to be an ok hotel - Well - I walked into this room that smelled like wet towels - the fan did not work - the toilet over flowed and there is absolutely no hot water in the morning or around dinner time - The bathroom floor was dirty and looked like it needed a good scrubbing - The outside chairs were all ripped and dirty - the coffee seemed like it was there for hours and never changed - Overall, a dump - I would never go back and would never recommend this place -  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	1	

<Author>gardenerangie
<Content>Great place to stay!! I don't care what any of the reviews say- this hotel has is great! It was our second time staying here. The staff is amazingly friendly and they really know their way around the city (thanks Anna!). The rooms give you a grreat 'Nawlins feeling. It is in an old house that has been renovated into a hotel. The rooms are quaint and clean and have a lot of charm. Parking on street is easy as their garage was full both times we stayed. There is a pizza place next door that was really good. I recommend this to anyone traveling to New orleans!!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LydiaGenevieve
<Content>Ok experience but kind of rundown We stayed one night at the Avenue Garden hotel for our honeymoon and although the room was pretty nice we had a fair amount of problems. I recommend contacting the property directly and checking expedia prices to see which is better, it varies. We were told that there was parking that would be $10 or $15 per day but when we arrived there was no more available, luckily we were allowed to park in the employee parking lot. We had (months ago) requested the honeymoon suite featured on their website with the round red bed but when we arrived we were in the other honeymoon suite, which was one of the most atrocious rooms I've ever seen. We were able to be moved into the room we had originally requested but when we got in the carpet had litter all over it and there were no towels. These problems were fixed promptly and the room is actually pretty nice. The furniture is pretty neat, nice paint job, etc but there were all sorts of little things that really took away from it. The blinds looked like someone had been shoved into them, one set were pretty mangled and needed replacing. The bedspread was a pretty red velvet but had a big tear on one side and dried wax all over. The bathroom was gorgeous, obviously redone recently but the sink had a wooden base with a chunk missing from it that could easily have been fixed or at least painted over. The shower was extremely difficult to work and although the girl at the front desk was nice when we called about it she had no idea how to work it either. The bed was the major thing, I'm still sore from sleeping in it because it has an egg crate cushioning that is hand made and is in little bits, sliding all around under the sheet and making everything uneven, especially at the head. The details were all lacking, and we will most likely not stay here again. Also, be aware that the trolley out front is still not working.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>joybettinger
<Content>Fabulous!! I read some mixed reviews here and on Yahoo and decided to call the hotel and get information. The gal on the phone was great and offered us a great rate for the weekend ($59.00/ night). We ended up having a fabulous time!! the hotel is located along St. Charles Avenue with so many restaurants around and easy access to the French Quarter (the streetcar still isn't running but they have busses). The room we were in was bright and airy and overlooked the St. Charles. The staff was excellent~ never a frown on their faces. It is definitely a true New Orleans stay at the Avenue Garden!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Completely in love with the Avenue Garden Hotel I absolutely love the Avenue Garden Hotel. It is an extremely lovely and quaint hotel with excellent service and beautiful rooms. Its location is perfect for those who want to travel to both the French Quarter and to Uptown New Orleans. It is also ideal for those visiting New Orleans during Mardi Gras, as it is situated directly on the parade route. I have thoroughly enjoyed all of my stays at this hotel. I give it two enthusiastic thumbs up!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed We stayed here briefly in March, and could not get out fast enough. The place was very disappointing because of the price we paid through Expedia, the expectations we had to stay in a quaint, lovely hotel, and the dingy run-down establishment it actually is.The room we got was very worn with dark red dirty carpet, and smelled like stale beer and smoke. The bed had no mattress pad under the sheet, and the mattress was sunken in the middle. The tub in the bathroom was rickety and the bathroom sink sprayed water on our clothes when the faucet was on. The worst part of the bathroom scene was the white wash cloth with brown marks on it hanging on the towel rack.There was no parking, even though Expedia indicated they did have parking. Luckily, there is an Office Max a block away where we finally found a spot after driving around for half an hour.There are bars and eateries nearby, but this appeared to be a very busy and rough part of town, especially at night. After calling around we found a far superior hotel at only a slightly higher rate and we were able to save our trip.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in New Orleans This is one of the nicest hotels that i have stayed in. It is idealy located on St. Charles and the staff is great. The room was very nice, clean, and spacious. I will definatly be back. i have been visting New Orleans for years both business and pleasure and have stayed in many hotels this on shines above the rest  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming home away from home I recently had the pleasure of staying for the second time at the Avenue Garden Hotel. This inn is located in a series of renovated 19th century townhouses on the St. Charles streetcar line (currently serviced by buses). It is centrally located with easy access to the French Quarter, Arts District, Central Business District, shopping on Magazine Street, Uptown, Garden District, River Bend and the Universities. It would be a perfect place to stay for families dropping off or visiting their Tulane, Loyola, or UNO students. I was in fact visiting my son, a student at UNO.My first visit I stayed in an adorable little room in the rear, very bright and quiet with french doors. This stay I had a beautiful large room in front with a balcony over the street, king size bed with luxurious bedcoverings, and a recently remodeled marble bathroom with shower. The exterior was being painted while I was there and new carpet installed in the stairwell.The young staff is gracious and helped arrange reservations for dinners. There also is excellent pizza and BBQ on the block if you don't feel like venturing far. Although the hotel has not served continental breakfast since Katrina there is a wonderful neighborhood cafe, the Please U, a block and a half away where you can step back in time and enjoy a bottomless cup of coffee, an oyster omelet and grits.This hotel manifests this traveler's dream--good value and location, friendly staff and an authentic sense of place.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was VERY Unimpressed We spent three nights at the hotel, and ran into several problems. First, the hotel apparently is getting overbooked by Orbitz. Our double room was converted to two singles (which doesn't work well with a 3 year old), and then we ended up with a single with a rollaway. To date (admittedly, only a few business days since), we have not seen a refund for the room discrepancy. Also, although parking is mentioned as available, it is provided at an extra cost of $10 a day. And that gets you a garage door opener to their storage facility, which houses five cars at best, and requires you to Back out onto a major thoroughfare to leave. Additionally, they oversell the parking, to the point that our last night we were unable to make use of it. They were at least gracious enough to refund the cost of the parking for all nights.Continental breakfast does not exist at this point, post Katrina. Entry to the hotel is through a single front door. Our room was down a hall, outside, then up a stairwell outside. The entrance was a block and a half away from the 'available' parking.Construction work started around 8:30 each day we were there (including a weekend), with the accompanying noises, some of which managed to be just outside our room.Also, our room had a broken water pipe for the shower stall, to the point we could see water leaking through the wall in two places above the shower head. The resultant smell of mold (and possibly a dead animal in the walls) made the bathroom a chore to use.Checkout was 11:30, but the cleaning crew made their first round at 10:30 AM, almost walking in on us when we didn't get to the door fast enough in response to their knocking. There was no 'Do Not Disturb' placard for use..On checkout, our requests for proof of the room change and requests to see an itemized list of chages were rebuffed.They said they would contact Orbitz about the refund, but they gave us no way to check them on it.Also, their website does not seem to have been updated since Katrina, and is incorrect on at least the continental breakfast. Overall, we were very unimpressed with our time in the hotel. Perhaps we judge it too harshly, but it was not a pleasant stay. The parking fee, the room shuffling (and the questionable refund), the construction noises, the lack of continental breakfast as per their website, the overzealous cleaning crew and the bathroom were just too many problems for the hotel's meager benefit of location.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>devisuz
<Content>Stayed here twice, and both times were nice! I've stayed at this hotel two summers in a row for at least 3 nights each time. I have visted New Orleans for two summers, and each time I spent the first few nights of my stay at this hotel. I think it is a charming little place, and very pleasant. You definitely get a taste of New Orleans from this place, and the hotel feels quite homely, which is the reason why I like it most. Our rooms were very spacious, I've probably stayed at four different rooms at the hotel and all of them were spacious, well maintained and very pleasant. It is very nice to take a walk in that area, and it is in a good location (although I always used a car) the street car passes right out front. I'm not sure what is like recently after hearing a few bad reviews since the last time I stayed there, however both times I stayed there, I recall that housekeeping was every day. If I am able to, I plan to stay at this hotel again this summer as I think it is a great find, and reminds me a lot of New Orleans, I have nothing but nice memories of this place.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great! Had a fantastic time. Nice staff.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed our stay Just returned from a 3-day stay at the Avenue Garden Hotel. It was my first and my boyfriend鈥檚 second visit to Nola. We found the hotel on Expedia and booked, not realizing that it would have been actually cheaper to book directly on the hotel鈥檚 website. The hotel was easy to find, right on St. Charles in the Garden District. Our review of our stay is as follows:Rooms:-Room was large with King sized bed, nicely decorated, very charming with high ceilings. --Bathroom appears to be newly renovated and has a shower stall (no tub).-Shower in our room had poor water pressure and a faulty shower head, instead of a stream of water you got mist. -The hotel apparently has wireless access in all guest rooms, however service was non-existent during our stay. They do have a computer set up in the lounge area that guests are welcome to use.-Our room had a balcony that faced St. Charles St. We used it throughout our stay to people watch and enjoy the weather.-There is no daily room service.-Rooms do not have phones, alarm clocks or wastebaskets.RestaurantsHits:-Slice pizza next door which smelled delicious and Voodoo BBQ a few doors away, I highly recommend Voodoo, the chicken and brisket were excellent. -The Oceana Grill in the French Quarter is great for fresh fish/seafood and the hurricanes are highly addictive.Misses:-Caf茅 du Monde-beignets are inconsistent. First day we ordered them they were hot, fresh and airy, the second day we ordered them they were cold, spongy and heavy. There is another caf茅, Caf茅 Beignet across the street but it was closed for the duration of our stay. - 24 hour St. Charles tavern/restaurant a few blocks down from the hotel, stay far, far away from this place. My boyfriend ate a sandwich there on our last night and became violently ill with food poisoning. We wrote a letter to the health department regarding this incident.We had a car and used it during the day. Streetcars are still not running so we walked to the French Quarter in the evenings and took a cab back to the hotel. There are busses that run along St. Charles, but the service is not very frequent. Because we had a car we were able to venture out of the tourist districts and visit the various districts that were hit by the hurricane. It was encouraging to see the effort being made by residents to help each other get their lives and properties back together. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions regarding our stay.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved It! We stayed at the Avenue Garden Hotel for a week in april. It is a real tast of New Orleans. Great staff,and we loved the location. There must be 10 restaurants with in a couple of blocks of the hotel. We are planning to go back to the city in August and will stay at the Avenue garden Hotel. If you want to get a real taste of New Orleans this is the place for you.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More than I expected I found this hotel online and reviewed some of the comments and found them to be excellent. I thought there were a few exaggerations because of the price. To my suprise....everything said about this place was true. It was absolutely awesome. New Orleans charm in every corner. Staff was superb. A breath of fresh air away from the regular hotel scene. Small place which allowed for reading in the courtyard. I went alone for a business trip, but would definetly like to bring a loved one for a romantic stay.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Feels like Home I stayed at the Avenue Garden Hotel for three weeks in October. I work for a major news organization and this is where they chose for us to stay. When I was staying at the Avenue Garden it did not feel like the traditional hotel that I am used to staying . This hotel had a real since of home. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone trying to get a real since of New Orleans. The staff were friendly, and the housekeepers were excellent and very pleasent.I know I will come back to New Orleans again for pleasure one day, and I would not stay anywhere else but this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfull experiance The Avenue Garden Hotel is the perfect hotel to really get a taste of New Orleans. I find it interesting that it was actually an old house built in the early 1900's that was renovated into a hotel. It was a very nice and exciting way to get to be a part the life styles and the uniqueness of this wonderful city. A room in the Holiday Inn or even the Royal Sonesta would be like any other vaction I have ever taken. But this family opperated hotel is one of a kind and makes you feel like you never have to or want to leave. I had a wonderfull experience here and will most definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel and amazing Bang for your buck. We stayed for a business trip mixed in with a little bit of pleasure. This hotel is the perfect mix between New Orleans charm and modern conveniences. There's free wireless access in the rooms and if you don't have your computer, there's also 2 computers in a little reading room with free internet access. So it's totally convenient and such a pleasant place to stay. Better yet is the location, right on the streetcar line and in the middle of the Garden District. Definitely the best deal in town. Service was friendly and we always had exactly what we needed. I recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to experience New Orleans. We'll definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Got dibbs on the Balcony Room!!!!!! This was our 2nd stay at Avenue Garden. The 1st time we were here, we had two rooms on the first floor near the checkin desk, which were very quiet even though they were on the main hall. This time, we had 3 rooms as we were celebrating my son's 21st birthday  we'd brought friends along. We were just as pleased this time! This hotel is actually two townhouses nestled between a restuarant on either side. If you really want to feel the flavor of New Orleans, this place is perfect. It is very cozy  romantic  we felt very safe no matter what hour we were sitting outside.If you want a VIEW, request one of the balcony rooms in front where you can spend hours watching people go by as we did. (One of them has a round bed in it!) We had the right townhouse upstairs balcony room and our friends had the other room behind ours. Both were enclosed in a tiny hall that made us feel like we had our own wing! There were other rooms that were accessable by the outside porch and we loved the little patio area. We also had #45 downstairs which faced the street and the young people loved it. It was big enough to handle 3 21yrs olds and all their stuff and beautifully decorated. The staff was very helpful and courteous, especially since we arrived between the departure of one tropical storm and the anticipated arrival of the next one. Our beds were quite comfy and we had no noise from the street. Besides the restuarants nearby, there is also a day spa a couple of doors down. We actually own a timeshare at another St. Charles Hotel but we much prefer this hotel over that one ! (we plan to sell the timeshare!) You can book directly with the hotel  get great rates. The management has done a great job with renovations  customer satisfaction. We had one concern (not worth mentioning..)and the staff took immediate steps to correct it for us. We had a great stay in NO and we definately feel that Avenue Garden was an important reason we did...we will definately be back!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good way to experience N'awlins, but needs some help This was the first trip to New Orleans for my husband and I. We wanted to experience the historical value and culture of the city first-hand, so we opted not for one of the larger, newer hotels downtown - like the Wyndham. We chose the Avenue Garden because it looked quaint online, the price was beyond right, free parking was being offered at the time, and, above all, there were no recent bad reviews. We really value other travelers' comments and, because of that, I hope this review helps others.As other reviewers have said, this hotel has loads of potential and good features - good location, nice artwork on the walls, tall ceilings, secure parking, etc. Larger, structural refurbishments would make this place fabulous. However, there are several low-cost things that NEED to be remedied now: spots on towels, spots on blanket, spots on lamp shade, hole in sheet, not changing sheets daily, permanent rather than replaced-daily bathmat, old and lumpy pillows, etc. These things make ALL the difference between great and wish we would've stayed elsewhere.I wish I would have taken pictures of our room because we were clearly not in one of the recently remodeled rooms; other rooms on this site were much nicer than the one we stayed in. I don't consider myself a picky traveler because we don't spend a lot of time in the room when we travel - but the bathroom we had actually made it DIFFICULT to get ready efficiently and get out on your way. It was super tiny (which is something that can't be fixed without lots of $$) BUT, there was no place on the sink for toiletries, a mini garbage can that we quickly overflowed, no place for anything in the shower - I found myself holding my razor in my teeth while I lathered up to shave my legs. Overall: was by no means bad, was much more than worth what we paid, but, sadly, due to the little things, would probably pick another place next time.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stayed during Essencefest My husband and I stayed at the Avenue Garden Hotel during the Essence Music festival. It was one of the only hotels that didn't quadruaple the price during the festival weekend. The highest night was only $149.00 We loved the location and the room was really nice and clean the bath room was beautiful. Most of all there wasn't a foul smell that you sometimes get from hotels in this price range. The Street car stopped directly in front of the hotel. I don't think we could have done any better for the price we paid. There was also breakfast treats in the morining, like coffee, boiled eggs, juice and muffins. I really only had one complaint ... one night after the room was alreadty cleaned for the day my husband and I went out to the concerts around 7:00 pm, when we returned to the room.... someone had come in and taken all the towels... which was really strange. We called the front desk and they said we could come down to the desk and get more, but we still found this creepy.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute, cozy, convenient, great cost       Hotel facade - cutely painted townhouse  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Nice Place! My husband and I stayed at the Garden Avenue Hotel for our 41st wedding anniversary. We had a huge room overlooking St. Charles Street. It was very clean, very nicely furnished and convenient to everything. The streetcar stopped right outside the front door. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was quite nice with English Muffins, Blueberry muffins, Bagels, milk, cereal, coffee, etc. We ate dinner next door at the Voodoo BBQ. The meat melted in your mouth, and was great. We were very pleased with our stay, and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay and Close to Everything!! My husband and I wanted to find a place that was affordable and close to most of the sites such as the riverwalk ,Bourbon Street, ferry boat , zoo, tours, and restaurants. It was perfect. We walked out the hotel door and hopped on the street car and went everywhere! You buy a pass(5.00) for the day and you can ride all day. The Voo Doo BBQ is right next door and I must say it was some of the best BBQ around . The hotel does serve a small breakfast in the mornings and it was nice sitting out on the patio. The hotel is like staying in a Bed and Breakfast. Our room was small, but if you are not planning on living in your room the entire time it is just fine. The room is clean and very comfortable.The staff were all very nice. Lydia who worked at the desk is very helpful and friendly. I would recommend the Avenue Garden Hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place, amazing deal as two recent college grads, my friend and i were looking for a safe, affodable place to stay in new orleans. the avenue garden was just that. it has a cozy bed and breakfast feel, free breakfast, free internet, friendly staff, a/c, patio, and is very accessible to the french quarter, magazine street and uptown. And for two people for three nights we payed just $115. i couldn't ask for more :  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great find with great value       room #45  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute Place Stayed at the Avenue Gardens hotels during Jazzfest. Great sized room, very nice atmosphere. Front Desk was helpful and polite. The hotel was in a good area with nice restaurants within walking distance and the trolley right across the street. Would definitly stay here again.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice cheap hotel I spent a pleasant long weekend at the Avenue Garden(s?) hotel in New Orleans in late March 2005. The staff were informally pleasant and courteous not fawning, like I have encountered elsewhere in the USA. The breakfast was basic (bagel, muffins, cream cheese, jam, coffee, juice) but suitable. The location is ok, being close to the Garden District and not far from the French Quarter by tram (I might have walked into town in the mornings if I had spent long enough to get my bearings, but I took the tram instead). There was a small amount of mould in the bathroom, but nothing terrible. There was free internet/web e-mail access. I was very pleased with what I got for my money and although I rarely visit the same town twice for pleasure (the world is so big and life is so short!) I would consider staying there again if I was staying in New Orleans again. But if I had a bigger budget I might also stay in a quiet part of the French quarter instead. Basically you get what you pay for and this was the very most I would expect to get for my money. If you book into this place, don't expect the hotel to be the highlight of your stay in New Orleans - it's not a designer hotel experience by any means, just a clean, comfortable pleasant place to stay in while you are touring the swamps/French Quarter/Garden district (the latter is very close by). Having said that, I felt like it was a very suitable place to stay in New Orleans, very good to get a feel for the character of a non-touristy bit of town, rather than some boring generic higher class hotel in the centre of a town. Out of everywhere in the world I have been, the hotel reminded me of cheap, informal, pleasant, quiet hotels in Northern Europe - like Holland. All in all the Avenue Garden(s?) hotel gave me a more positive and fond feeling for America and Americans than I had before I visited the country.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!! This hotel was perfect. We couldn't have asked for more especially for the price. The room had a modern decor, and the service was excellent. There is a street car stop in front of the hotel, but it seemed to be crowded most of the time. If you are planning on staying out late on Bourbon St. you may have to wait a while for the street car. I believe someone told us it runs every 30-45min. after midnight. All in all this place was worth it, and I would love to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not the worst, but not the greatest Ok, well first of all the only nice people in this hotel is the cleaning staff. The front desk people weren't friendly at all. Well, they were friendly when we were paying our bill. They do have a parking garage, but it looks like something that would be in a horror movie! Do not walk through there by yourself, day or night. They do have a free breakfast. I totally suggest the banana bread. It's really good. Sadly, I only had it for 2 mornings because they stopped serving it. The hotel itself is in the perfect location. The trolley line is right in front of it. There are tons of restaurants around it. I suggest the restaurant right beside it, Slice. That's about it, our room was clean, we never ran out of towels, and we had an awesome time in New Orleans! If you're going, have fun and take the Haunted History Tour with Midge!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needy People Need Not Apply I was on vacation recently and stayed in The Avenue Garden Hotel. The hotel was cute, but did have major problems: including paint coming off of the walls outside and inside. THE LOCATION IS IT'S BEST ASSET. It's between two great places to eat...VooDoo Bar-B-Que and Slice Pizzaria...It's also right on the street car line and near some beautiful homes. The staff left quite a bit to be desired. If you are someone who doesn't need help finding your way around New Orleans than this place should be fine. Don't ask them any questions! The hotel cleaning staff was great and were the friendliest people I met in New Orleans! The parking garage was around the corner and wasn't that bad. I wouldn't recommend walking down the side street alone at night...but during the day there was nothing to fear. I would recommend using the garage, even though it is super expensive...the neighborhood behind the hotel was a little shady and I wouldn't want my car out there. Let's see...Oh, be careful and make sure that they don't over charge you. I am still waiting on them to refund some of my money! Over all, it wasn't horrible. Again, the location is supreme, but the service wasn't great and it's not the prettiest place in the world.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Value       Otherside of room  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware Ours and three other cars where broken into, the windows smashed in and they stole everything. We were all parked on a neighborhood street next to an exclusive mens health club. Beware of the surroundings, it is not safe. Two weeks before us the same thing happened. Also the hotel was not clean, they overcharged us, and the breakfast was not something to write home about. The paint was chipping off the sides of the building, our balcony had food, and beer cans, and the doors where not secure.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>avabava
<Content>dirty, never again We were very disapointed with this hotel. After much research and trying to stay budget without sacrificing standards (basically looking for a deal) I settled on Avenue Garden. At the time I don't think there was one bad review the pictures looked great ect. I know it always looks better in pictures but I was really counting on the reviews to tell all. My biggest complaint was the room was filthy. Mold in the corner of the bath, filth around edges of bathroom floor, I don't think it was vacuumed once while we were there. This is a hotel there is no excuse for filth. My husband did not want me to complain (afraid of making the staff mad), so I did not but I should not have had to. It has so much potential it is sad. The fact that the hotel was worn did not bother us. The hotel would be amazing if it was refurbished. We had a great room #20 I think, upstairs, balcony outside but it was the dirtiest room I have ever stayed in. I hear they have different standards in N.O. this was our first and last time to N.O. Loved the carriage ride, swap and plantation tour, that saved our vacation. I guess if you don't mind complaining or cleaning the room yourself then it's not a bad place.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for a Wedding We had all of our wedding guests stay in the Avenue Garden Hotel. Everyone loved it! The hotel is small and quaint and totally New Orleans. I also found out it's family owned and operated which makes it even better. We picked this place because it was on the streetcar line and in walking distance to tons of restaurants. Our friends were able to take the streetcar into the French Quarter so no one had to worry about renting a car. The hotel manager gave us excellent prices for the wedding party guests and really helped us organize everyone's stay. There were even fresh bouquets of flowers all over the hotel for our wedding. The cute patio was our friends' place to hang out and chat after all of the wedding events. Everyone loved the convenience of the complimentary continental breakfast. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who is having a wedding in New Orleans and wants a fantastic place for your guests.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>m.s.1976
<Content>Elegant, and Charming... We booked our trip to New Orleans and we stayed at the avenue Garden Hotel. i found that the travel package that we ordered gave us a room there with one double bed. I asked the Hotel if I could upgrade to a king bed room and they let me for only an extra $10 a day. I also told them that I wanted a room with a balcony. When we arrived I was amazed at how well they took care of the place, lots of southern art on the walls, very charming.The first room they put us in was nice, but there was no balcony, and the window had a view of a wall, I said I thought we were getting a room with a balcony. She said if we waited a few minutes that they would put us in one of their newly renovated rooms, so we had lunch at the voodoo bbq, which by the way is excellent, and when we came back they showed us to our room. We were the first people to ever stay in this room, since the renovation, and it was beautiful, with a private balcony and wicker furnature. The bed was huge with a satin comforter and pillows. The bathroom was all marble, this room was so charming that I felt right at home. Their continental breakfast was great with hard boiled eggs, and orange juice milk bagels english muffins and coffee or tea. The street car is a pain I wouldnt reccomend taking it its always very crowded and its hard to find the right stop if you dont know your way around. The restuarants I would reccomend is Emerils Delmonico, its about 3 block away, Le Madeline was also really good and within walking distance, and this Italian restuarant called Bravo is right up the street as well in walking distance, voodoo bbq is good too and reasonably priced. St. Carles tavern is across the street and its alright but the good thing about that place is that its open all night. I would reccomend going to the river walk and seeing the aquarium, and take a boat ride. Be careful if you go to Bourbon street past 10pm there are alot of pick pockets, this guy had come up to us and put mardi gras beads around our neck and then asked for a donation, he said he was starving and I felt sorry for him so I pulled out my money I only had 8 bucks I was going to give him 3 and he grabbed all the money out of my hand aggressively and ran. I am glad I was not carrying alot of money, if someone tries this with you dont let them put beads on you and tell them you are not interested unless you want to get mugged and keep your purse very close to your body and hold onto it tightly. I had a wonderful time in New Orleans and the Avenue Garden Hotel is a great place with kind southern hospitality. I am quite sure you will be pleased with it. Thank you.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! I was in New Orleans on a business trip and checked into the Avenue Garden Hotel late afternoon. I was greeted by a friendly staff, and was personally walked up to a clean and comfortable room. The staff was very helpful in recommending fantastic restaurants (I am a food connoisseur!). Since I only had a little time on my hands for touring they recommended great activities with my time contraints. All of my transportation from cabs to the airport shuttle, was handled by the staff at the front desk. The location was incredible, I took the street car to the French Quarter and back with no worries about parking, plus the street car is just cool to ride anyway. I was also able to take the street car to restaurants in the evening. The view along the ride is fantastic and a great way to sightsee. The neighborhood is quintessential New Orleans and away from the noise of downtown and the French Quarter. The breakfast in the morning was simple but great, (try the homemade banana nut bread鈥OW), and even the rooms had wireless internet which was essential for my needs and convenient. All in all, great place to stay for anyone such as myself going on business or visiting the city for the first time. They'll take care of you.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brainman73
<Content>Worth $53, but watch your credit card bill! I was prepared to give the hotel a 4 (of 5) rating, except for one snafu, which I will describe later, that dropped my rating to a 3. The hotel certainly not a 4-star hotel by the standard definition, but it deserves 4 stars based on the price-to-quality ratio. My wife and I, who are both poor students, stayed there 3 nights, right before Christmas, and paid $53/night. The hotel was acceptable; the hotel itself was definitely a good value for the price and location, especially considering most other hotels in the ZIP code were nearly twice as expensive. It's not in the heart of the French Quarter, but that section is loud and crowded anyway, so I liked being a mile away from the action. The St. Charles trolley stops 20 ft. from the hotel door and will take you right to Burbon Street/French Quarter within 10 minutes, so, if you want to save $30-$50 by not staying in the F.Q., this hotel is a good bet. The best deal for transportation is to buy a 3-day trolley/bus pass, which is available for $12 at Williams Grocery about 8 blocks up St. Charles. (It's easy to miss the sign, unless you're walking on the opposite side of the street.) If you fly in, don't rent a car unless you must. Parking is scarce and expensive, and the streets are narrow and confusing. We took the E-2 bus, which runs from the airport's upper deck right into the heart of the N.O. business district (downtown). It is about a 10-15 block walk to the hotel from the final stop of the bus to the hotel. It's around a 15 minute walk, quite an exercise when you're towing luggage, but it is not too bad compared to the $26-$28 that you would spend on a cab or a shuttle for two. The hotel is fairly clean, though older. It is like a mediocre bed and breakfast. There were places that could have used a touch of paint, and there was a little rust on the metal fixtures. You must be rung into the building by someone at the front desk, and there is no one manning the desk in the middle of the night (11 pm to 7 am, I believe), so they give you a key to get into the hotel along with your room key. All in all, though, it was not that bad. Unless you're used to staying in the Ritz-Carlton, this is a fine choice for those on a budget. Besides, when you're a tourist to N.O., you don't really spend much time in the hotel anyway. Each morning, there is a continental breakfast. It's decent--bagles, English muffins, cereal with milk, orange juice; one morning there was also cinnamon bread and hard-boiled eggs. There is almost always free Twinnings tea and mediocre coffee (though sometimes they ran out of tea bags; you can ask for more, though). Next to the small eating area (gets crowded in the morning), there is a small outdoor patio where you can eat if the weather permits. There is also a sitting room/computer room. Internet use is free, but there is sometimes a line of 2-3 people waiting to use the one computer during popular hours. The decoration of this room is a bit tacky and outdated (ugly green cover on the couch, old unread books on bookshelves, antiquated computer manuals with the books, etc.). The room was acceptable, TV had dozens of cable channels, bathroom was fairly clean, and maid was competent. There was no Do Not Disturb doorhanger, so I guess you have no choice about maid service. The bed was large and comfortable, and the room, as promised, included ironing board, table, chairs, and extra pillow. There was an ice bucket, but it did not come with a liner bag, and I never saw an ice machine anyway, so we didn't use the bucket. The staff seemed nice, but I didn't get the extreme friendliness that other people have reported. We arrived a few hours early, and William let us check in early after a 15-min wait to get the room ready, so that was nice. He wasn't especially friendly, but was not rude either; he was just there. The other staff members were just there for us too. I have no specific complaints or praises for them.The one main complaint I have happened one week after we checked out. We prepaid for the room, so we did not have to pay when we checked in or out. However, since we had paid in advance, when we checked in, we were charged a provisional $60 to offset any expenses we might incur while there. This was fine with me; many hotels do this, and I knew we would have no other expenses of importance on the room. We were supposed to have this provisional charge refunded when we left if there were no other charges. While we were there, the only additional expenses we had were 2 local phone calls (35 cents each)--that's it. Well, a week after we checked out, I viewed my credit card statment and found that we had been charged $43 extra!! (not 70 cents!) I immediately called the hotel and asked for the reason for this charge. The woman who answered appeared to be new. She looked at my account in the computer and could not find any record of this extra charge. She said (this is a direct quote), We didn't make no charges on your card. I told her I was looking right at my credit card statement with the extra $43 charge, so someone obviously did. She could not explain it, so I asked that William to call me the next day, since he was the one who checked me in. I thought maybe he could explain the extra charge. I didn't receive a phone call, but I did contact my credit card company to challenge the bogus charge, and they took it off. I'm still not sure why this charge was made, so I recommend anyone staying at this hotel to double-check your credit card statement to make sure your card is properly charged. If it hadn't been for this frustrating surprise, I would have granted the hotel a 4 rating. I would probably stay here again if I return to N.O., but I'll be sure to watch the charges to my card.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Charm of New Orleans My husband and I stayed here during our anniversery for a nice little gettaway. We were on a budget so we were not looking to spend much money. Luckily, I found this hotel and was not expecting such an awsome little place for only $69 a night. It deffinitley gave off the unique charm of New Orleans and had that Southern Hopitality atmosphere throughout. The frontdesk workers were so helpful and friendly, which is one of the main reasons why I know we will be staying here again next visit to New Orleans. The location is perfect because it is right smack dab in the middle of the garden distriict and the French Quarter, which allowed us to veiw other areas of New Orleans besides Bourbon Street. We stayed in a beautifully decorated room facing St. Charles Avenue, which is their honeymoon suite. They upgraded our room to this suite when they realized it was our anniversery. The suite had a red velvet circular bed and a mirror on the ceiling... very romantic, and is located on the second floor of this to die for pizzaria. We loved the Avenue Garden Hotel and make sure you ask about those suites ... i know we will next time around.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>italianchick163
<Content>Not worth $55 a night First I will say we left the Avenue Garden Hotel due to just basically hating the place. We got to the hotel and the room I was told we were booked in was under construction and we couldn't stay in it. I was told we would be in a revamped room when we booked with a new bathroom. They moved us to another room and it did look clean, but looked like it wasn't remodeled in about 30 years. The baseboard in the bathroom was splintering off and mold was around the base of the tub. The room had a view of a brick wall and had really no character. Let's say the holiday inn or best western is way above. We would have been paying $55.00 a night and that room was NOT worth $55.00 a night.So we thought we could deal with it, tried to be in good spirits, and went out for lunch. About 6 hours later we get back and open the door to find our luggage is missing and a note says our bags are moved and to go to the front desk. We were told our room had termites and they moved us to room 12. This room was right next to the front desk and was totally loud and noisy. We found a bag of half eaten chips in the room, the toilet seat was dirty and again the atmosphere was just depressing. Needed major work on the bathroom especially. We decided we needed to leave. I was not going to let the room ruin our trip. The front desk person was VERY nice and understanding and didn't give us any problem. He worked with us and gave us our money back, I think he knew we felt cheated. As we were waiting for him, we saw a hotel staff member bringing wine to the remodeled room we were supposed to have in the beginning, so they obviously lied to us about the under construction excuse and had given away the room to someone else.It just seems like this place has potential, but needs work. They should have remodeled the whole place before they opened it. They had the water turned off for about 6 hours that day on the one half of the hotel and I know people were at the front desk complaining about not being able to shower or shave. The hotel's solution was to let them into an unoccupied room in the other side of the hotel to use the bathroom, they were trying to be helpful. I also think the location is not great. It's in a kind of ugly section of town inbetween the garden district and the Business District. For first-time traveleres to New Orleans, this place is not a good option because you won't get the true New Orleans expereince unless you stay in the or close to the Quarter. If you are a college kid who does not CARE at all about the room and you are planning on just somewhere to crash, this place is OK. But if you are a couple looking for a romantic place, a business traveler or family, this place is not for you. It has a small amount of potential to be a nicer place, they just need to get organized and work out the kinks.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent I stayed at the Avenue Garden Hotel in late October. First of all, the city is so much fun during Halloween. I think everyone should go there one year. If you do go, you should stay at the Avenue Garden Hotel, they have the best customer service I have seen in a long time. Everyone from the front desk staff, housekeeping to even the owner are helpful with whatever I may have asked. The hotel has a great New Orleans charm to it, they have a FREE breakfast in the morning, the streetcar is directly outside the front door of the hotel making it so easy to get back and forth to the hotel from the French Quater. There is so much to do in this area of the city even though it is not in the main area, the French Quater. It is in this area the locals call the Garden District, it is an old area of New Orleans that the homes are like masions, they are amazing, it is for sure the most beautiful area in New Orleans that I saw. Bourbon Street was fun for a few nights, but if you want to be somewhere that you can walk out the door and have tons of restaurants and bars and still have the beautiful scenery of the streetcar and nice homes, Avenue Garden Hotel is the place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a fun time A number of years ago we made a visit to New Orleans. During that first trip we stayed in a major hotel in the Central Business Area. It was large, and had a cold atmosphere. We decided for our next trip,(10 years later) , to look into staying outside of the French Quarter and the business center. From our research, we found the Garden Avenue Hotel on St. Charles Avenue, located directly across from the St. Charles streetcar. From this hotel, you can get anywhere in the area. Our experience was above and beyond our expectations. The accomodations were excellent. The staff was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. They arranged tours, provided little extras, and made our stay so enjoyable. Three of the best meals we had were because of their recommendations. These restaurants were located within walking distance of the hotel. What a team; Alexis, Kristen, Willie and the others. Thank you for making our 37th wedding anniversary one to remember.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too Bad My girlfriend and I stayed at the Avenue Garden Hotel back in August 2004 and the room was nice for the price. The hotel use to be a house and there is a long hallway as soon as you enter the hotel. The front desk is really small and located about midway down the hall. The owners have made great use of the space and the decor is really nice but the view from your room leaves something to really be desired. All in all we enjoyed our stay and it is located right on the streetcar line and the 2 places that I would highly recommend for dining would be #1 Copeland's Cheesecake Bistro on St. Charles Ave and #2 Voodoo's Bar-B-Que also located on St. Charles Ave. I would definitely stay at this hotel again especially for the price.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chocksaway
<Content>Great value for money This place is perfect for the budget traveler.We stayed for four nights, booked through Orbitz.com for a rate of $55 per night.This is not a high-end hotel, more of a BB feel to it. However the room was great, comfortable and bathroom was nice. View was non-existent but we didn't spend much time in the room.Breakfast is extremely basic so set your expecations appropriately there.The St Charles Ave streetcar could not be more convenient to get to the French Quarter and to the Garden District.The area is completely safe and in fact is quite full of restaurants and bars. I agree that Voodoo restaurant, right next door, is good value.We parked on the sidestreet without any problems.Out of all the hotel staff we encountered, we found Kristen to be extremely good.This place is perfect budget accomodation in a very convenient location. I would stay here again without question. If you are looking for something more glitzy, or a romantic weekend with a date etc, you might want to choose somewhere more upmarket.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Below average at best I was very disappointed with this hotel. The room was very small and not cleaned very well at all. There was soap scum in the sink and mold in the shower. The comforter on the bed had spots on it and you could tell that it was not washed after the last occupant.The building is very old and is need of repair.The railing on the steps to the second floor was loose and ready to fall off.My room was off a porch on the second. I had to enter my room from the porch. The light on the porch did not work and I could barely see to get the key in the door. The wood floor on the porch was soft from water damage and rot. It was covered with a carpet but I could feel it sink down when I walked on it. I would not ever stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Experience We chose this hotel because of all the great reviews posted on this website. We arrived in late afternoon, and was told by the receptionist that our room had a plumbing problem and we could not check in. Very nicely, he handed us a broucher for another Bed and Breakfast and ensured us a reservation has been made for us, and that it was a great place. Being as innocent as we are, we took her words at face value, and found us arriving at a place where, lets say, an adult male do not feel comfortable walking around. The Bed and Breakfast itsself is a room rented out by a Swedish couple who do not speak English. We called Anenue Garden Inn right away and hoping there was a mistake, but was told that is the place. After much heated discussion with Anenue Garden, they finally admitted that they do not know this place, and only selected it because there is vacancy. They also admitted that there are actually other rooms available for us in thier very own hotel. However, at that time, we do not feel like being a customer of a place that treated their customer so badly in the first place. We ended up having to scramble looking for a place to stay and finally settled down at 8pm with another hotel. Our New Orleans experience is badly tinted...  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Latinaworldtraveler
<Content>Not at all what we expected..... My husband and I ended up here because there was a mix up in our reservations at the Marriott (ARGH!) He was to attend a medical conference there. After having read all the rave reviews on this place, we thought, sounds great! WRONG! We paid $640 for four days and nights in a smelly room! It was so small, I kept bumping into the edges of the bed, the walls, you name it...after one night in that room, (which was in the adjoining building #40 to be exact) I asked to please be switched to another room, so they did do this for us (thank you Alexis), this room was better but still not what we expected. The tiles in the bathroom were coming off and it still had a strange odor. We don't really have complaints about the neighborhood since we are from New York (it's not any worse) but I have stayed in better Motel 6's for a fraction of the cost. And by the way, the walls in the adjoining building are paper thin because I could literally here the people fart in the rooms above and to the side of us!! EW! Unfortunately we didn't have much of a choice but to stay there because there was literally nothing else available in the whole city. If you are just going there to get drunk and won't be conscious of where you crash, then you will be OK here, but otherwise, we don't recommend it!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>agac
<Content>you get what you pay for Spent 3 nights here with my spouse. It was our first visit to NO.We based our decision to stay here on the wonderful reviews about the hotel- BIG MISTAKE. The location is on the fringe of the garden district, if you expect to be surrounded by beautiful mansions, your in the wrong area. We were placed in the adjoining building. Our room was very tiny, no room for our luggage, walls were very thin we could here everything in the adjoining room. Bathroom is in need of major renovations, we saw mold and the shower curtain looked like it had spent some time in the bayou.Housekeeping was nothing to write home about.Staff omitted to provide us with towels or soap and left garbage bags in the room.If you want to stay in the Garden district there were nicer hotels a few blocks down the street.After our stay, my wife and I were wondering if we had stayed in the same hotel that everyone is raving about.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awesome little hotel- A+++++ Great PlaceTo Stay- Garden District Is Great with many restaurants in walking distance... BRAVO, VOODOO BARBQ AND PONCHATRAIN CAFE-ASK FOR MICHAEL AWESOME WAITER. We ate at all 3 of them. TROLLEY STOPS RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET.. Our room number was 44 .WAS NEAT CLEAN FRESHLY PAINTED..comfy bed- Very quiet with a cute courtyard for breakfast--Try the homemade poppyseed coffee cake-.FELT VERY SECURE-Paid extra 18 dollars a day for garage, we had our own clicker and could go and come as we pleased. STAFF AWESOME-Kirsten was great and Alexis too.Housekeeping was really good too.Its family run-you can tell- homely feel.. They also had a computer to check email etc. NICE... WE WILL RETURN... YOULL LOVE IT..  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll be staying here again! My husband  I loved this place. The location was great (assuming you don't want to be in the Quarter). We just hopped on the streetcar and it dropped us off at Canal  Bourbon. The room was charming and clean. The front staff were friendly and helpful. AND our favorite thing about Avenue Garden Hotel ... VooDoo BBQ next door. Best meal we had in New Orleans!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great L just want to say this is one off the best Hotel to stay at in new orleans. Everything was right there from places to eat to street car picking you right up at the door.And the people there are so great Thanks to Alexis for all her help while we were there she was the most plesant and happy all the time and had a answer to everything we need. Thanks girl i miss you already.Hope to see ya soon.m.j.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If I return to NO, I'll book Avenue Garden again! We just got back from NO, having stayed at the Avenue Garden for 5 nites thru 9/6. We found the amenities quite nice, the staff friendly  helpful (Kristen was especially helpful and pleasant) and the location nearly perfect: central to any part of the city, the streetcar seconds away and killer, reasonable food on either side!(Voodoo bbq is GREAT and Slice is a good value and comfortable as well.)Our room was comfortable  cool on the hottest days.It was clean and the queen bed quite comfortable.The breakfast (coffee, juice, breads, muffins  bagels to toast and cereal) was convenient and ample to get a start on the day.Internet access available in the sitting room.Remember, if you plan to spend much time in your room beyond sleeping  cleaning up, you probably should find a destination other than NO. There is a lot of wondrous things to see and do. Also be sure that your liver is in good shape--a lot of the NO experience is about bars, partying and alcohol consumption.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most beautiful hotel  Myself and a few buddies arrived in New Orleans after a long drive to escape the hurricanes in Florida. Once we checked into the Hotel we were greated by gorgeous smiles and the best service we have experienced in the whole of the USA. Thanks to first class service we soon started to relax and enjoy ourselves once again. Hopefully this review will encourage others to stay at such a wonderful hotel, and I'm sure you will have as good a time as us if you do.By the way the locattion was very good and the prices were very reasonable too.Special thankyou to all the staff especially Kristen and Alexis.LoveJeromeAndyStevieMarkDaylo  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful We had the Queen Suite, we loved it! The room was tastefully done. The desk clerks were so nice and so willing to help make sure the stay was going well. The trolley stop was right out the door. Our room was on the bottom floor in a another building.We were able to come come and go without even going in the hotel. The only thing about this room is you do have street noise. BUT we still loved it! I recommend this room to anyone who doesn't mind the noise from the street. The air conditioning worked great. Copelands which is about 3-4 blocks down has the BEST cheesecake ever!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a gem! What a gem! A friend came into town for a moms' weekend away, so we just wanted something inexpensive and clean. The hotel served our purpose -- a clean place to sleep and shower. Plus it was close to the street car, the restaurants, and the spa we were visiting. Our room was very quiet, although other rooms were closer to the stairs and we wondered if those guests suffered from all the guests walking past -- i don't know. The front desk clerk was very friendly and we felt safe and comfortable. The only challenge is parking. St. Charles has a lot of restrictions (meters) and the side streets get sketchy pretty fast.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value for the Price! The hotel is very central to the downtown area, french quarter and nearby restaurants as you can hop on the St. Charles streetcar (right accross the street) to get around. It's about a 5-10 minute ride into the downtown area..then you can walk to the french quarter or hop on another trolley with your pass to get to the french market, riverwalk, convention centre, casino, and other attractions. Our family of of four slepted very comfortably in a large room with two double beds. Each bed was in a separate area..each with it's own tv. The rooms were very clean, fresh towels every morning, good airconditioning and ceiling fans over each bed. The bathroom was very clean and included a hair dryer. Breakfeast was served from 7:30-9:30 every morning. This included coffee, juice, milk, cereal, bagels, english muffins and boiled eggs. There is a lovely patio area and sitting room with a computer that has internet access. I was able to check my email every day. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. A 3 day pass for the streetcar can be purchased at Winstons Grocery Store just down the street from the hotel. The pass will give you unlimited access to the trolley both on the St. Charles line and another downtown one for the three days. It runs every 5 minutes until 12am each night..this mode of transportation was very convenient and is very safe. We ate very well at the following restaurants..voodoo bbq, mothers, delmonicos (extremely pricely, but well worth it!), cafe du monde, and the cheesecake bistro. We went on the Steamboat Natchez Riverboat (not worth the price) and a tour of the Laura Plantation..good tour but would have liked to see a very traditional Southern Plantation..this was a Creole Plantation. Great jazz club to check out is Snug Harbor Bistro..nice atmosphere..amazing music and reasonably priced food and drink.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WX5
<Content>Amazing Hotel!! We had originally planned to stay further away from the city and take advantage of a shuttle service to and from the French Quarter. I'm sure glad we didn't! There were some reviews on here about cars getting broken into. I've got a 2003 Explorer and we parked on Martin Luther King blvd for 3 nights and didn't have any problems. They have a private garage for $18 a day if you prefer. We were fine, right under a street light next to the Voodoo BBQ.As far as the hotel goes, the staff is remarkable, the value unheard of for the location, and the feel... truely New Orleans. They've got 1 internet computer so you can check your e-mail while you're away. I was checking mine around 11pm and caught the hotel owner lugging (what seemed like) 20 bags of luggage to the door of one of the guests. I also locked my key in the room and my wife called the hotel 'after hours' number to get into the room and we were in in less than 2 minutes. VERY exceptional service. The rooms had an old New Orleans feel. The hotel is like 3 old houses transformed into an hotel. It's got a patio that is completely surrounded by the other buildings and only hotel guests are allowed in. You get a key to the property when you arrive. The rooms were clean and the bed comfortable. They've got extra pillows in the closest and an iron. The ceilings are very tall like 12-15ft. The TV has cable complete with Fox News and The Weather Channel. Breakfast is Orange juice, milk, cereal, English Muffins or bagels complete with all the jellies or butter you want.There are several nice places to eat within walking distance from the hotel. Houstons and Copelands Cheesecake Bistro are very nice but a little pricy. $20-$25 per person for a good meal, more if you get alcohol. If you're wanting to go to the French Quarter to eat, I would buy a 3 day pass to ride the street car which stops right outside of the hotel. It's $12 and you can ride it as much as you want. There's only 1 place close to the hotel that sells the passes Williams Grocery Store which is a small store about a 15 minute walk down St Charles on the right past all of the hi class hotels. The ride to Bourbon street is around 5-10min depending on traffic. I know this probably doesn't happen a lot, but our streetcar smashed into a car on the tracks going about 30mph. It just about totaled the car, but the streetcar barely had a scratch. Talk about exciting. Bourbon Street has a lot of good music but I was dissapointed to see so many stripclubs and 'live sex act' bars. The beer is cheep on the street $2 for a 32 oz cup of draft, but when you get into the bar it's like $4-$5 for a bottle. You can't use the bathroom anywhere but the bars so bring extra cash. We left Bourbon street around 2am to catch the streetcar back to the hotel and I felt completely safe. Harrahs casino, Riverwalk,  the Aquarium are about a 10min walk from the Bourbon street stop. You can just about do it all by staying in this hotel. Oh, and if you're going to book on one of the major online hotel companies, first try and book on their 'home' website, you can save around $10/night.Needless to say, this was a very positive experience. No doubt I will stay here again when I visit. If you're looking for a hotel with a pool, unfriendly staff, and the same 'ol hotel room feeling don't stay here. This is truely New Orleans at it's finest.   
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful place A wonderful place. Staff were very friendly...always saying good morning and with a cheerful attitude. Easy links to transportation, but I would suggest that the hotel have easier access to the one and three day passes for the transportation...the closest place to sell it was 10 blocks. Other than that minor inconvenience, this place is highly recommended.   
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would NOT stay at this hotel. Here's why........ We booked this hotel three days prior to arrival. When we got there we learned that we had been moved to another hotel, which was three blocks away in the hood. The receptionist in the Avenue Garden Hotel told us that there was a problem with the plumbing as to the reason we couldn't stay there and she couldn't give us another room because they were booked for the night. Once we got to the hotel in the hood, we were greeted by the owner who reminded us of Norman Bates from the movie Psycho. He told us that the Avenue Garden overbooked and those who didn't check in in time enough were shipped to another hotel. Nonetheless, we had a very scary experience, and because of this experience, I wouldn't recommend anyone to stay at Avenue Garden Hotel because it could happen to you!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrisrn44
<Content>Great! Great! Great! i was there from May 18-22, 2004 and i can't begin to say how wonderful this place was! it was my first time to new orleans and this made the trip. perfect location as the trolley stops right across the street. the staff was phenonmenal and VERY helpful and friendly. the rooms were very nice. there's a pleasant patio with tables that had umbrellas over them. it was nice to sit outside but feel private. i would definitely stay here again if i went back.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Hidden Gem! I recently made a trip to New Orleans and was fortunate to find a hidden gem, the Avenue Garden Hotel, 1509 St. Charles Avenue.I actually stayed in the residence at 1507 St. Charles Avenue on the first floor. The room was beautifully decorated (and clean) and gave you the feeling of being someplace special in New Orleans. Besides the unique setting, the hotel is reasonably priced and in a location that makes it accessible to either the French Quarter or the Garden District on the trolley.The people working at the Avenue Garden were wonderfully engaging and helpful. They made great recommendations for meals as well as sites to visit or party. In general, the hotel and its staff provides a really unique and confortable setting. I plan to stay there when I return on subsequent visits to New Orleans.What a great time! You couldn't go wrong by staying there when you have the chance.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful home-away-from home I found this hotel on the internet and, since I had not been to New Orleans for about 20 years, I booked directly with Karissa (just in case I wanted to change my mind). I was on business for 2 weeks and absolutely felt like I was going home each evening. I had a key to the front door, either Tim or Muriel were there to greet me and ask about my day, I got a cup of coffee and went to my room. The building is old, but very charming. My room had a high ceiling and a ceiling fan; a brick fireplace (not a working fireplace, but very decorative) and a modern bathroom. For me, it was just perfect! I loved having the streetcar right out front and the Voodoo Barbeque and St. Charles Tavern on each corner. When I'm in other cities, I stay in Holiday Inns, Ramada Inns, etc. But, when in New Orleans, I love the change of pace and the Avenue Garden Hotel is wonderful. If you are looking for fancy, this is not the place for you. However, if you are looking for a very good value for the buck, fantastic staff, 24 hr. internet access and a continental breakfast, this is the place for you. The staff could not be nicer and the housekeeping is emmaculate. I will never stay at another hotel in New Orleans, as long as The Avenue Garden Hotel will have me.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The staff makes this hotel! We stayed here for five days during Mardi Gras! It's a nice place in a perfect location for parades. Most important, the staff is amazingly cordial and helpful--from the housekeeper to the front desk folks. Since Mardi Gras is about as stressful as it gets for the hospitality industry, this is clearly a well-run, organized operation. We highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could not have been happier I went to New Orleans on business and had to stay for 2 weeks. Since I had not been there for 22 years, I had no idea where I could stay within the budget. This hotel came up on the internet and it looked nice, so I elected to stay at the Avenue Garden. I was going to book through Hotels, but I called the hotel directly and Karissa beat their price by a few dollars. I couldn't have been more pleased. Number 1, when I was buzzed in the front door, I felt like I was going into my Grandma's old home. The staff cannot be beat, Karissa/Tim/Muriel were the ones I dealt with the most. Housekeeping and maintenance were also wonderful, although I didn't need maintenance. After I finished a long day at the office, I felt like I was going home and not to a hotel room. It's nice to have a key to the front door. It was colder than I had expected it to be, so I didn't get to sit in the courtyard, but it is lovely and I am looking forward to having my morning coffee there when I return, since a continental breakfast is provided. The trolley is literally in front of the door, VooDoo Barbeque and the St. Charles Tavern are next door, and everything else is very handy. You can stay in a modern motel/hotel anytime and be anonymous, but I loved the personal contact, as well as my lovely, comfortable room. I would recommend this hotel to anybody and have already given out their cards.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I LOVE THE HOTEL!!!!! The hotel was so lovely. VERY clean and classy. The price couldn't be any better! We stayed in the room that was the biggest and nicest...right by the street (theres noise..but we got through it) however, I enjoyed my stay very much and I know you'll love it too!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service Loved the place, The service was great and the room was comfortable and clean. They have a real winner with Karissa Caldcleugh as the manager. She is as competent as they get. Lee  Linda Trumbull,, The Trumbull Team Realtors  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big Bang for the Buck on St. Charles Great New Orleans stay, with very reasonable rates for this city...Safe, Great location--street car stops 50 feet from the door, $1.25 or so will get you to the F.Quarter or down to Loyola/Tulane campuses and Audobon Park. Free internet access computer in Guest Lounge. Rooms are typically sized (not huge) for building that has been converted from a residence, but I think that all have private bathrooms, basic cable TV (N.O. local TV/news is definitely second tier)  direct dial phones, and are very clean and well kept. They offer garage parking (around the corner) for $10/nite, but there's plenty of street parking on St. Charles, (lots of all night traffic for security; meters stop eating your money around 6pm...would NOT advise street parking behind hotel, as New Orleans is very hit-and-miss with their neighborhoods...), where I've always parked my rental car. Free continental breakfast, with coffee and tea available 24/7. A cross between a quaint BB and a traditional hotel, this has become my N.O. regular stay hotel. There are probably cheaper BB's that are run down or in a scary part of town, or more delux BB's  new hotels in NO for $50+ more per nite, but this one's a good combination of everything you'll probably need for a fair price. Who stay's in their room in N.O., anyway?!?  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Place. We'll be Back. A delightful place with nice people. We frequently travel to New Orleans for business in the Garden District and have stayed an a number of higher-priced hotels. This one will become a regular home-away-from-home for us. The bed was very comfortable. The room smallish, but charming. Everything very clean. The staff was friendly and helpful. After a long day working, it was wonderful to sit and relax on the balcony overlooking St. Charles Avenue with cool refreshment. Three points: Parking is at a premium, so park in their garage if you can. Emeril's Delmonico is two blocks down the street. It's a restaurant well worth going to if you like excellent gourmet food...but be aware of yourself when walking back. Those two blocks were a bit rough a night. The St. Charles Tavern just down the street is a neighborhood pub and gathering spot. Grubby, but full of character and genuinely nice folks. We have breakfast there regularly. (The Garden District Hotel has continental breakfast too.) We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most comfortable bed...and much more! My husband and I stayed here December 1-5, 2003 and really enjoyed our stay here. The room we had was so clean and cozy. Freshly done each day. A nice continental breakfast each morning and a nice patio to sit out in. It was small and homey and we really enjoyed staying here, Conveniently on the streetcar line. I have nothing bad to say except it was offered free parking, but after we checked in they asked for 10 dollars a day. But when I told them my booking said free parking they gave it to me immediately. I would definitely stay here again if I went to New Orleans. A great value all around, I highly recommend!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very pleased!!! I just returned from a trip to New Orleans staying at this hotel. The staff is very friendly and efficient. Karissa was wonderful about securing us a room that would suit us best. My mother and I both walk with canes and needed convenient first floor rooms. The free continental breakfast is pretty much the norm. Loved the free internet!!! The hotel was clean, comfortable and convenient to the streetcar (in front of the hotel). There are numerous eateries nearby including Emeril Lagasse's Delmonico and the St. Charles Tavern (24 hours a day and good!). I would stay again anytime.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the Greatest For the price, the hotel was fine. There was the noise element from people coming in and out of the hotel as we were at the front of the hotel. I would recommend a room out back. Also, our room was dusty and there were stains on the wall. We had to request toilet paper as we were only equipped with one roll and I thought this was odd. The daytime attendant at the front desk was pretty unfriendly and not very helpful at all. However, the night manager, a young man, was extremely helpful and was always happy to assist us. I don't think I would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>canuckkelly
<Content>loved this place We were traveling on a budget - so were concerned about the quality of the hotel - but there was no need. This place was great. I'd recommend it to anyone. The staff was friendly. The place was nice and clean. I have to say, when I walked in and there was no lobby, just a hallway, I was worried. But the hoel was cozy and we couldn't have asked for anything better.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small, Friendly Hotel Quaint, small hotel but not for someone looking for opulence. The staff is very helpful and friendly. We had no problems parking the car on the street, but be advised that the area other than the main street surrounding the hotel is not good at all. If you stay on St. Charles and ride the streetcar you should be fine. The room was decently sized, clean, and had a comfortable bed. There was a shower but no tub. All in all, for the price, I thought it was a great bargain and we enjoyed our stay. The location is excellent - midway between the Garden District and the French Quarter.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding! I have lived in New Orleans for over ten years and I have seen many of the hotels that this city has to offer. I have stayed in the fanciest of the fancy hotels and those hotels with the most localized New Orleans style. Nevertheless, I have never stayed in one that has compared to The Avenue Garden! It was cozy and sweet, as if I were curling up in my own bed at home. Yet I could see and feel the local New Orleans culture pulsate within the walls, as if it were alive. You can hear the jazz, feel the voodoo, and taste the old absinthe just by sitting in the French Quarter-style courtyard. The staff constituted some of the nicest people I have ever met (thanks again, Carissa!). The owner, Mr. Carimi, was not only devilishly handsome, but he was a true gentlman in every aspect. I'm ecstatic that an establishment like this stands in the city that I call home... a city that I am proud to call home.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED THIS PLACE!!!! I'm not sure if everyone else that wrote a review stayed at the same place as I did, because I have NO complaints! This was the best vacation my husband and I ever took! The hotel was beautiful and charming, the staff could not have been nicer and all of the accomodations were more than we expected. Housekeeping was excellent about keeping up with our room. I thought it was very clean and well kept. The location couldn't have been better! Not only is the hotel right on the Street Car line, making transportation to the French Quarter effortless, but it is also surrounded by great places to dine and drink. We parked our car right on the side of the hotel and had absolutely no problems with it. They even have a computer that is FREE for guest use, internet and all. We enjoyed our complimentary breakfast every morning in their lovely courtyard surrounded by handpainted mural of New Orleans life. Our room was well furnished and spacious. We could not have been happier with our stay at this hotel, we recommend it to everyone!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved my stay   showReview(1155224, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place and wonderful staff   showReview(1122261, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning   showReview(1090284, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice little place   showReview(1056127, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>better than expected   showReview(1029869, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint Hotel in good area   showReview(1020380, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deedee55
<Content>Cool hotel, great price   showReview(994412, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>caution   showReview(907954, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Value in New Orleans   showReview(836140, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Small, friendly hotel in the Lower Garden District   showReview(610282, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

