<Author>CathrynG
<Content>Not a 4-Star Hotel       Seemed like a "dated" bathroom  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	5	4	2	

<Author>MississippiRenita
<Content>The Magnolia ROCKS! This was our second opportunity to stay at the Magnolia. As Ole Miss fans, this was a ballgame trip to the Cotton Bowl. We had three rooms, and we were all delighted. I love the free hot breakfast, the cookie bar, and the beds are so comfy. We had a suite, and I loved having a full size frig and microwave. Everyone here is so nice and accommodating. This is so different than staying in a big box hotel. They truly do try to make your stay special. Whenever we have an opportunity to stay in Dallas, this will be our home. Can't wait to go back! Hotty Toddy!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Christian_London_UK
<Content>A great hotel with nice touches... I stayed at the Magnolia with my girlfriend for three nights recently and we had a fantastic time. The location is excellent, within walking distance of everything that we wanted to see and do in Dallas. The rooms are spotlessly clean and the whole hotel is very well presented. I believe that the other reviews quoting slow elevators and old style TVs are unfair - even though the elevators are quite slow and the TVs are not flatscreens, that does not take away from the fact that everything works properly, the beds and couches are comfortable, the rooms large, the staff helpful and very friendly... we were treated like old friends and I'd never been there before!Not to mention the extra little nice touches such as complimentary drinks at the bar during happy hour, free fresh cookies and milk every evening from 8pm, complimentary breakfast in the mornings and free wireless internet.I would definitely stay at the Magnolia again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Reddon14
<Content>Incredible Value Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Magnolia and I was thoroughly impressed. I was a little hesitant after reading some of the previous reviews, but I have to say the Magnolia exceeded all my expectations. Check-in and Check-out were a breeze (only a few short minutes each time). The room, two double beds on the 22nd floor, was well kept with lots of character. The bed and duvet covers were quite comfortable and caused me to sleep in past breakfast several times. The layout was a little different than a typical room however it was still very practical. The only thing I would have liked to see different in my room was a newer TV. The TV's are a little older with only average picture quality and channel options.The free hot breakfast was better than most 'free' breakfasts. It was a little different every day but consisted mainly of eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles, hashbrowns, toast, bagels, yogurts, milk, juice and starbucks coffee. There was more than enough to choose from and more than enough to go around.The second level lounge has great atmosphere and a great 'free' cocktail hour. It is well decorated and offers numerous couches/lounges, free pool table, free nintendo wii, and great company. The bar staff were quite friendly and one in particular 'Bishop' pours a great drink.The milk and cookie time is another great perk of the Magnolia. The assortment of fresh baked cookies were complimented with white milk, chocolate milk, or coffee.The valet service, which has been heavily criticized definitely seemed like a bit of a cluster. We rented a vehicle for our stay in Dallas but chose to self park instead of using the valet service. Valet is about $22 a day however for less than half the price (about $8/day) you can park your own car in the same parkade the valet uses. The parkade is about 1 block away but an easy safe walk from the hotel. It was quite comical to see the valet drivers sprinting back and forth from the parkade numerous times a day.Another critique of the hotel, the elevators, never seemed to be a problem for us. Although we stayed on the 22nd floor we never had to wait more than 2 minutes for a ride. A small price to pay for staying at such a beautiful hotel.The only pitfall of this hotel that I found was the food. There is no 'official' restaurant on site however a limited amount of food items can be purchased through room service or on the level 2 lounge. We did however become quite fond of the Iron Cactus Restaurant which is located right next to the hotel. Great food for great value.Although Downtown Nightlife seemed a little quiet, everything is a short cab ride away and there were always plenty of cab drivers willing to give you a ride.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TimTheTraveler
<Content>Oops! I used to LOVE this place! Stayed Fri,and Sat. after Thanksgiving. This was our third or fourth visit to the Magnolia. We have always been impressed by the fact that front desk remembered us from previous visits. The woman at the front desk this time was having trouble remembering what year it was. She asked us if it was our first visit and if we would like a higher or lower floor. We had already expressed our preferences when we made our reservations.  Our room was small,on the 23rd floor. It was right by the elevators,which proved to be a major problem. It was so loud,I kept dreaming I was at a train station all night. So,the major problem happened at the breakfast buffet on Saturday morning. There was no food! All these people are standing around the steam tables holding their plates. The restaurant was filthy,not a clean table anywhere. I called the desk from my cell told the same front desk woman there was a major problem in the restaurant and I needed to speak to the manager. She said the manager was at the restaurant and would call me back. The staff kept saying food was coming,but it showed one thing at a time,eggs showed,then potatoes,etc. These small dishes were shared by the 50 or so people waiting. If the manger was there,why was she not apologizing for this horrible breakfast? I was contacted by the manager who told me they were undergoing renovations and had no kitchen. They had to make breakfast in a room. They should have just cancelled it. I had to be somewhere and it was really frustrating. The manager acted like I was an [--] or something for demanding something I had paid for,like THEY were the ones inconvinienced. She sent some drink tickets to the room for the FREE happy hour.  I used to really like this hotel,I was very disappointed this visit and may not go back.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>TexasBlum
<Content>Disappointing We stayed at the Magnolia Hotel while in Dallas for a family wedding. Most of our family from all over the country stayed at the hotel also. After a very easy, quick check in process, we had to wait 10 minutes for an elevator. This proved to be a problem all weekend. Our room on the 17th floor was very nice. It isn't the typical rectangular hotel room, which is great for us. The bathroom had a large garden tub and shower, and the bed was very comfortable. We had a pretty good view of downtown Dallas.We immediately went to the fitness center - we took the stairs after waiting 5 minutes for an elevator. The fitness center is ok, but not great. A few older cardio machines, some dumbells, and a universal gym. There are 3 TVs.We called the valet to bring our car around 10 minutes before we had to leave for the rehearsal dinner. We went downstairs, and waited an additional 10 minutes for the car. This would also prove to be a problem all weekend.We found out there were some other events going on in the hotel this weekend - a wedding, a youth conference, and the Eagles (the band, not the football team) were staying there. The first night we hardly slept because of the noise from the street, and from the elevators. We could hear all the people on the street until about 3 am. I know this is not at all the fault of the hotel management, but something to know if you're looking to stay here. In the morning I went to have the complimentary breakfast buffet. It is a pretty good spread - waffles, bacon, cereal, bagels, Starbucks coffee. The main issue I had was that omelettes are $6.95. My feeling is that if you advertise a complimentary breakfast, it should all be complimentary. My sister-in-law just wanted scrambled eggs and was told by the omlette maker she wouldn't be charged. However, she received a bill for them anyway. That evening, I called for my car 20 minutes before I headed downstairs. This time it took us 15 minutes to get down in the elevator (we weren't going to walk down because my wife was in heels). We were already running late, and my car still wasn't down there. We finally got the car 40 minutes after I called for it. I must say the valets were frazzled all weekend. I don't think it was their fault. The system is bad. There is no parking garage nearby, so every time the valet gets the keys, he would take of running for the car a few blocks away. Also, there is only one way in and out, which makes for gridlock. When we checked out, I noticed I was paying $22 per night (plus tax) for valet service, which nearly made me late to 2 events. The woman at the front desk was nice enough to take one of the valet nights off, but could do no more. Everyone checking out at the same time had the same complaints - valet service, elevators, charge for eggs. This is a beautiful hotel with great rooms, but I would not stay there again, nor recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>Chiefmizer
<Content>Extra Fees Room was nice and quiet but extra fees were high. Parking runs $22 a day + 1.23 tax. My room was $109, taxes and parking made it $149.50 a night.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DallasSunGoddess
<Content>Didn't wow me Pros:1) Great location in downtown Dallas2) Comfortable bed; great pillowsCons:1) We had 3 people staying in our room. When I asked for an extra room key other than the one that was issued, the front desk clerk told me that they were all out of extra keys.2) The elevators are incredibly slow.3) The hotel room was tiny.4) At the breakfast, there were breakfast potatoes and bacon but NO SCRAMBLED EGGS!!!!!5) Dine-in room service took AN HOUR to come up.6) Make sure you call ahead for your valet. Otherwise, you will wait a half hour for your car.7) There is no pool at this hotel and the jacuzzi was out of order.8) There was no HBO or premium movie channel.Bottom-line, this is a great hotel to stay if you plan on just sleeping here. But if the hotel-experience is important to you, then look somewhere else.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>Saj1Houston
<Content>Dissapointed with the Magnolia Maybe our expectations were too high, but we expected a top of the line, swanky downtown hotel. What we got was a hotel with carpet that really needs replacing, scratches all over the paint, a really small, old style t.v., cheap formica countertops and a room that was way too bright in the morning due to the lack of curtains (they had cheap blinds that you get at your corner Home Depot). The Magnolia really needs to invest in this property.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>SLYCAST
<Content>Big Expectations - Mild Disappointment I had a very good experience at the Denver Magnolia and since this hotel is a renovated National Register Landmark - the old Magnolia Oil Co. building, I was really excited about my stay. Securing a non-smoking room is a high priority for me and when my secretary booked my room, she was assured by the reservations desk that all Dallas hotels are totally non-smoking. When I arrived at the hotel, it took a while to find the front door because the hotel driveway is hidden off of the street. The lobby is small and tries to be chic but doesn鈥檛 capture the grandeur or historic nature of the building. The original elevators, although charming, are small and slow. I carted my own luggage to my room and to my surprise, one of the maintenance men joined us on the elevator with a large cart loaded with equipment; it was really cramped in there. This class of hotel should have a separate elevator for the hotel maintenance staff. My assigned room was a huge suite with 12 foot ceilings, but the d茅cor was bland and there were obvious signs of wear. Almost immediately, I noticed a strong, disgusting cigarette smoke smell in the bathroom area. Unfortunately, my schedule was so tight that I didn鈥檛 have time to run downstairs and try to secure another room. Also, since check-in took so long, I could not take advantage of the complimentary drinks that are served to guests (it closes at 6:30 pm). The bed was not comfortable (too hard) and even on the 11th floor, the shades must be drawn (over the blinds) to avoid the city lights and street noise from keeping you up all night. I did thoroughly enjoy the complimentary hot breakfast that is offered. The only other positive about my stay is that all members of the staff that I encountered were pleasant and helpful.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>chadcyn
<Content>Loved The Magnolia My husband  I stayed at The Magnolia Hotel in Dallas, Texas on Saturday, August 30, 2008. Our visit definitely surpassed our expectations.The complimentary drinks at happy hour was a great start to the evening. The complimentary breakfast Sunday morning was more than we expected. (The best potatoes, muffins, etc.) Bedtime complimentary cookies and milk were also offered. (The best!!!)There was a workout room and spa that we will take advantage of next time.Our room was very inviting and the bed extremely comfortable. The staff was always very helpful and friendly.The hotel is conveniently located downtown with close access to many restaurants, clubs, shopping. It is located close by the West End, Victory Park and Dallas Convention Center. We are looking forward to our next visit at The Magnolia Hotel. One night was not near enough.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bonnieserrano
<Content>I loved it!!! Great Service for a Great Price! When it comes to booking a hotel, I look for somethig really nice no matter the price. I needed to get away from Houston because of the situation with Gustav hurricane. My husband was out of town and I needed a safe place for myself and my three children (all under 13). I booked at Magnolia Hotel because the pics in the website of the room looked impressive and the price was above my expectation. Upon my arrival, we were all wowed!!. The view was so glamourous with the blue night lights and it had a wonderful view of a waterfall wall feature. I requested Valet because there is really no other option when you get a hotel in downtown. That's pretty self explainatory. The valet gentleman was very geneours and requested to send my luggage to my room. I checked in quickly and was impressed with the beautiful decor!! Wow.. I thought it was very unique. The elevators have this cool feeling of antique flavor that my kids loved it. Our room had a great view and the the layout of the room was definately something different I never saw before. The decor of the room and the colors were absolutely gorgeous. My kids loved it as well. Then, the breakfast, OMG, was the best I've ever had. I've stayed in other hotels allot more expensive, three times the price and I've never had such a glamrous breakfast. The area of the breakfast is more of a lounge area with fancy decor and top of the line modern furniture. Really unique and my kids loved it. The breakfast was complimentary and that really impressed me. You get eggs, ham and potatoes and starbucks coffee! yeh. Overall, what can I say, I told my husband we have to plan a trip to Dallas just to stay at the Magnolia Hotel. Keep up the good work. The price for the service, you can't get that anywhere else. IF you plan to go to San Antonio, you pay three times that price and you don't get the same. Trust me on this. :o)  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>karenandkirby
<Content>Very nice place for business travelers We were in Dallas for a trade show which had negotiated rates with the Magnolia for delegates. The hotel is quite nice, upscale-ish lobby with marble touches. We stayed on the 11th floor and had no issues with the room whatsoever. We stayed from Thur to Sun nights and did not enounter any street noise however in the room there was the constant hum of the a/c which we were unable to adjust. It was noticable at first but over time we became used to it, and it did not interfere with getting a good night's rest. This may be because the king bed was extremely comfortable with oversized fluffy pillows. The bathroom was very nice also, large oval shaped tub (no jets) with shower, modern vanity and tile floor. The hotel offers complimentary drinks  appetizers but unfortunately we were unable to make it during the times offered. We did however visit the lounge on the 2nd floor several times and got to know one of the bartenders (John) who was great fun. There is no restaurant but you can food in the lounge or room service. Starbucks in the lobby if you miss the complimentary continental b'fast. Just out the door there is the Iron Cactus restaurant which is also pretty good.Its about a 10min walk to the convention centre so we would not hesitate to stay here again for the same type of trip. Unfortunately downtown Dallas does not have much to offer for tourists.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>spstarla
<Content>Decent, but probably won't go back       The bed - not sure it was a queen like they said  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>superroadtripper
<Content>Great Place...Comfortable Stay I stayed at the Magnolia for 5 nights in August along with three other co-workers for a conference.As soon as you walk into the Magnolia, you're impressed. It has a small boutique type hotel feel, althought it is large with approximately 20 floors. It has a art-deco style decor.The staff was very friendly and accomodating. There is a shuttle service for guests that will drive you within a 3 mile radius of the hotel. It's best to book ahead, as sometimes the service was not available. They could use an extra shuttle. The staff also recommended several restaurants which was very helpful....just ask the front desk staff, they have sample menus.The rooms are cozy with high ceilings and the bed is wonderful with nice sheets. I could at times hear my neighbour flush the toilet, but other than that the hotel was very quiet. The room was very clean.There is a happy hour as previously mentioned, but we found there was a lack of variety when it came to the drinks that were included in the happy hour. There is also milk and cookies at night, which is a nice touch.The location of this hotel is in their business district however there is a homeless shelter nearby and there are alot of street people around the hotel. The security system for the hotel was card only access to avoid non-guests from entering. We did not feel comfortable walking in this area at night, so we often used the shuttle service.Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Reafra
<Content>Very nice atmosphere but beware of potential problems The hotel is beautiful. We were told that happy hour was from 5:30-6:30  drinks were complimentary. We went to the bar  each ordered a cocktail. We were given a bill-prices were reasonable but not free as we were told. We questioned it  the bartender told us that draft beer  certain wines were complimentary. We did comment to the bartender that we were told complimentary drinks by the representative at the front desk when we checked in. He stated that several people had told him that it was being said at check in but that it was incorrect.We had a great corner room. The only problem was that we were awakened at almost 3:00 AM by people screaming  constant honking cars. It went on for a long time. We were on the 22nd floor but it sounded as if it were right outside our window. I called the front desk to ask what was going on  was told that several bars are located on Main Street. The lady at the front desk told me that the bar closes at 2:00 AM  sometimes there are problems after closing  that the police would probably show up soon. Sure enough, lights  sirens soon came so the police eventually broke things up. Our friends that were in the room next door (on the Commerce Street side) didn't hear a thing. Upon check out I mentioned the commotion  was told by another front desk representative that sometimes fights  riots break out at that bar. Be specific  ask for a room on the Commerce side of the hotel-avoid the side of the hotel that is over Main Street.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>MsLea
<Content>Not good but not bad We booked online thru the hotel's website and printed the confirmation. But there was no record of it when we showed up. Fortunately there were other rooms available. There is a fee for the internet service. I had called and asked and was told it was free. With a little pushing they did give me a day for free. I was also told there was a shuttle service that would take us anywhere within a 2 mile radius of the hotel. What they didn't tell me over the phone was that it was only until 5pm. The elevators were slow and the stairs closed for a private party. And the valet took us 20 minutes to get our car. The room was spacious, clean and quiet. And the location convenient to our destintation in Dallas. Although not terrible, I would probably try a different hotel next time. I just felt that I had been lied to at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>TXWV
<Content>Nice but lacking I had high hopes for this hotel and had wanted to stay here for sometime. The lobby is beautifully decorated and the continential breakfast is better than others but- there is one thing you should know...The rooms are not sound proof. When your neighbor flushes the commode or takes a shower - you hear it! All night long!!The valet entry is a little odd to find- but we had no complaints and only circled the block once.There is an Iron Cactus within walking distance that has great food and drinks.The rooms were nice- but just very loud!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>j2jranch
<Content>Stuck in elevator My 70-year young mother and I stayed at Magnolia over Memorial Day weekend as a mother-daughter holiday. We were not informed that the club level was under construction and everything was moved to the rather bland 3rd floor. They need to do some decorating to make it warm and inviting. The area for breakfast, reception, and cookies is bare and cold. Also, I got stuck in elevator #2 for about 30 minutes. The response that I received when I pressed the emergency call button was no answer! I couldn't believe it. I pressed the alarm button that rings continuously and no response either. I resorted to banging on the elevator door with a flat hand and yelling at the top of my lungs for someone to get me out. It took 10 minutes before anyone finally found out that I was stuck. I also hurt my hand slapping on the elevator door so hard. They seriously need to make sure that the call system works properly so that no one else will have to experience this. It was awful and put a damper on our short vacation.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>lacrema
<Content>Wonderful experience We stayed at the Magnolia for a Saturday night while we were in Dallas. Our experience was wonderful and I would definitely go back. The free continental breakfast is delicious and has quite a variety. The milk and cookies were just perfect. Our room was comfortable and clean. I think it is worth the price. Definitely call ahead for valet parking pick up, it can take a while. The hotel itself is cozy and in a good location.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>shebuck
<Content>Needs Some Work I stayed at the Magnolia with family for a wedding at the Adolphus (didn't want to pay $300+ for a room). Though the complimentary happy hour and breakfast buffet are pluses, I would prefer that the hotel put more money into upkeep and less into free food and drink. I believe we were on the 19th floor and instead of having views of the Dallas skyline we had views of a ledge several floors below us which was holding several dead pigeons. Yes, dead pigeons. There were places that the paint was peeling from the wall and the bathroom was on the dingy side. The room was small (understandable considering its age and location) and very dark. The darkness made me wonder about all the problems that I couldn't see in low light. If $300 is what it takes to stay in a hotel in downtown Dallas that doesn't have views of dead pigeons, I will pay it.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>MugsMags
<Content>Great Breakfast at the Magnolia! The complimentary Contential Breakfast was one of the best ever. Plenty of food and a yummy variety were served. Also, I enjoyed the complimentary wine and beer service in the afternoon. The hotel is easy to spot from a distance (the Pegasus on top of the hotel) but in rush hour traffic, with all the distractions, it could use improved signage at street/eye level. The main entrance to the hotel lobby and valet parking is not that evident. Valet parking attendents were quick to retrieve my car and printed out directions to my destination so that I could aviod construction on the freeway. Other than needing better signage, it was great. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>conHoustonTx
<Content>Will not stay here again Rooms looked very worn. First suite we were given the sofa was stained, the pillows on the sofa and bed were stained. There were black hand prints on the wall.The floors in the bathroom  kitchen looked filthy. We requested another suite, and the second one was better...........but still looked very worn..........The hotel needs some serious upgrading, especially for the price! We will not stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigbaldjohnny
<Content>If you need to be downtown I showed up early - like 8AM. They got my room and I stashed my rent-a-car with the valet and was off to the office by 8:30. Over the past several weeks I've stayed in a suite and a couple different rooms here. All were reasonably appointed ,clean and comforable. while the building was old, the plumbing worked great and the bath was larger than most for this class of hotel. On the bright side the place is decorated in modern natural tones. I found myself looking forward to cookie hour in the evening. I never got back early enough to enjoy cocktail hour. The downers include slow elevators at peak times, lower floors suffer from excessive street noise, TV's need to be updated to flat panels. Why is it the remote is always slow? If you are stuck without a car in downtown Dallas, the choices in the evening near the hotel are limited in walking distance. I've seen a lot of mixed review but,overall, for my needs these few weeks the Magnilia was a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	1	

<Author>auberjunois
<Content>Won't make that mistake again! My husband and I booked a room at the Magnolia Hotel in Downtown Dallas for one night with the intention of having a night of relaxation and peace and quiet away from the kids. When we got to our room which was right next to the elevator, you could actually hear the elevators moving up and down the shaft over the television. We waited for about an hour to see if it would get better and the noise only got worse. We decided to switch rooms and the front desk said they made a mistake and put us in the ROAR room. So we moved down to the 7th floor and stayed in a room right above the Iron Cactus restaurant. It was like New Orleans style partying outside until 2am when the bars finally closed! Apparently all the sound travels up when you are between the large skyscrapers and so we got ZERO sleep. Then about 3am some guy had some kind of drug induced fit out on the sidewalk below the hotel and we had to listen to him screaming, thrashing around, and fighting off demons for 30 minutes. This was the most entertaining part of our stay. No cops ever showed up. We finally drifted off to sleep around 4am and when we woke up at 9am, we quickly packed our things and got the HELL OUT OF THERE! I would have gotten more rest and relaxation at home with my screaming 2 yr old.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>ktykatkty
<Content>Nice if you have a great rate       View from 21st floor  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>alissac1983
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! I stayed here for a business conference and it was wonderful!It's in the heart of downtown Dallas, although I didn't get a chance to get out and explore the area, I do know that it's right down the street from the Neiman Marcus flagship store. My room was on the 22nd floor, and was amazingly appointed, with 2 queen beds (very comfy!), a desk, and huge closet and bathroom! They have a great continental breakfast, complimentary happy hour and cookies and milk buffet in the evening. They were very helpful with holding luggage before and after check-in/out. The valets were so friendly and helpful in securing a cab and driver service.There is a self-service laundry area which was just great. The elevators are a bit erratic, but it's just part of the hotel's charm!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LaurenHouston_TX
<Content>No cookies, terrible service I stayed at the Magnolia two years ago and wasn't very impressed by the service, but this trip was forced to stay there due to no vacancies in the other convention hotels. The room was dirty especially the bathroom. The valet takes an hour to get your car. They have a cookie hour but ran out of cookies after ten minutes and didn't get any more. The Starbucks on site wasn't open at the time they state on the door. Overall, a terrible experience. I went home to find that I was charged $2.70 for laundry starch; when I called to say that I had no laundry done while there, I had to deal with a surly employee and am still waiting for my refund. I'll never stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Funciliscious
<Content>So So This hotel is in the heart of Dallas. It definitely has a lot of charm. We went for a weekend getaway, and it was great to actually see the place. The hotel architecture and structure is truly inspiring, but the decor is a little HD Expo. But it had coiffered ceilings, the Pegasus, and 5 working elevators from 1901. The bathrooms are minimalist with almost medium hot water, the drainstop did not work, so I had to rush through my bath while the water trickled out!And the phone was a pain and there was a charge to make local calls. But absolutely loved seeing the place.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maddux05
<Content>Going Back cuz we loved it so much . . . . We originally booked this hotel for our Valentines weekend getaway in 2007. We purchased their Magical Package which included fresh fruit and champagne in our room (which was a beautiful suite), his and her robes, a CD of romatic songs, cookies and mild delivered to our room before bedtime and a fresh cook to order breakfast delivered to our room in the morning...... All for only $229.00. LOVED THIS HOTEL. in the heart of downtown Dallas.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>houstongv
<Content>Great place to stay in Downtown Dallas I booked the Magnolia while attending a conference at a nearby hotel, but wanted to stay somewhere aside from the conference for a little more relaxation. The service at the Magnolia Dallas was the best I've ever received - we were always greeted pleasantly every time we left or entered the hotel. We were on a first name basis with some of the staff by the time we checked out (which is rare at most places). Everyone was so courteous and super helpful. They offered free shuttle service, which I took advantage of a few times. The nightly milk and cookies in the hotel bar were a cute touch, as was the complimentary happy hour for guests. The room was nice and comfortable. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JeanneAr
<Content>Dirty room We were assigned a tiny room with stained carpet. Was afraid to walk around without shoes. The view was of the adjacent wall. There were children running wild all around the bar. This was the night prior to Christmas parade. Web site pictures do not properly show how tiny the non suite rooms are. would not recommend this to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Dallas2Raleigh
<Content>Excellent Value For Downtown I stayed here 3 nights in September and had a front facing room. The location was superb for visiting the art museum, the 6th floor museum and only a couple of blocks from Akard DART station to travel further afield. My room was generously sized, spotlessly clean and had a spacious and modern styled bathroom. I had read the reviews about the elevators, but never once did I have to wait for an elevator, nor did I find them slow - I did notice an apology inside though! The staff were friendly, if a little harrassed. On my last night I ordered room service as there's not a lot of restaurants in the locality that are open in the evening. The room service was fast and also good value. I also saw a convience store across the street if you forget anything. Each morning I went to Starbucks in the lobby, it was so handy to get a latte right there in the hotel in the morning. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want to stay downtown.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BravesFan64
<Content>Would definitely recommend My husband and I stayed at the Magnolia last week for two nights while in Dallas for an awards presentation. We checked in early and were given a room with 2 double beds - the room was not booked by us and we would have preferred a king bed. We then noticed a humming noise coming from the air conditioner and called the front desk about it. They offered to move us and we asked if we could have a room with a king bed. Before we even had time to re-pack, a maintenance worker arrived and was able to fix the noise very quickly. We still opted to move and the room must have been an upgrade. While the 1st room was nice, the 2nd one was much bigger and even had 2 showers and 2 sinks. The staff at the Magnolia was excellent. We were treated very well by everyone - the front desk, valet, and bar staff. One guest at the table next to us noted to a hotel staff member that she would like to have a crunchy snack with her complimentary drink during the hotel's hospitality hour and within minutes we all had snacks on our tables. We would definitely recommend the Magnolia.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cardinals1970
<Content>Nice Place I was in town for a couple of days and wanted to stay downtown. I chose the Magnolia Hotel. I was impressed with the hotel overall. It is an old historic building with lots of charm and has been renovated recently. The beds are comfortable and plush. The milk and cookies in the evening was a nice touch. Only thing I was not impressed with was the PM front desk staff. The two girls were fairly new and not fully trained. I enjoyed my stay and would stay again on my next visit.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>amywnla
<Content>Sweet stay at the Magnolia I stayed here with my husband and my six year old son in August. We were in town for the Great American Truck Show that was being held in the Dallas Convention Center. We could easily walk to ithe show in less than 15 minutes. Upon arrival, the kind lady at the front desk upgraded us to a suite when I requested a room higher than the original 12th floor option. I've stayed in downtown Dallas (at several different hotels) and many times during the weekend it can be quite noisy at night (ex: people on the streets and cars). We were more than pleased with our suite (with full kitchen and spacious interior) on the 21st floor. There was a huge, long wall with tall windows, so the view was amazing. The couch was not in the best condition, but everything else was fine. My son loved the blue liquid soap, so I requested more from the front desk. To his delight, they quickly sent up at least 12 bottles. There is a Starbucks in the hotel, but it closes by midafteroon on the weekends. The valet guys were very efficient and helpful. They gave us wonderful directions to the nearby Dallas Zoo and even asked us the next day if we had enjoyed our trip there. The area around the hotel seems safe at night. We felt comfortable enough to walk to a restaurant (The Dakota - you ride a glass elevator down to the dining area) at night. The original Neimen Marcus is next door to the hotel, so it was fun to just go and look. We all enjoyed the milk and yummy cookies that were served in the lounge each night. Overall, the staff and the hotel made for a sweet stay in downtown Dallas.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>RazzTazz23
<Content>Comfy beds. Questionable service My company has an agreement with the Magnolia so that is where everyone stays when in Dallas.The hotel is centrally located in downtown Dallas. The area is pretty much dead except during weekdays. The hotel is in a historic building. It looks fairly recently renovated. Nice touches of the hotel: Free breakfast, free drinks for happy hour and free cookies at night.The good: Bed is very comfortable. I like hard beds and had a wonderful sleep. Others on my trip commented how comfy the beds were as well. The room had a nice workspace, a tv, a fridge and a nice sized closet.The bad/okay: The bathroom didn't appear to be the cleanest. The toilet was leaking a bit in my room and there was a rust spot behind it. The bathroom floor also didn't appear to be that clean. (The rest of the room was immaculate though.) The internet is wireless and it is horribly slow. I also didn't like the staff. They seems a bit cocky when asked for questions. My room was also not made up and I had to pressure to front desk to get my room made. Nothing worse than coming back from a long day of meetings to find your towels wet and bed still a mess.Overall, the stay was fine. Its certainly not the most luxurious, but it is pretty nice and if you can get a good deal, by all means stay there.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brown_Cao
<Content>The Magnolia wilted Particulars:* Second time to stay at hotel* Booked suite - separate living area and kitchen* Stay during TX-OU weekend (big college football game during the first weekend of October) - Friday thru Sunday* Received 14-day advanced booking promotional rate of about $260USD per night from hotel websiteComplaints:* Carpet stained, worn* Cleaniness lacking, especially in bathroom - floors appeared dirty, prior guest hair in bathtub drain and on floor* Thin pillows* Phone in living area didn't work correctly - intermittant dial tone* Room service order incorrect - ordered salad with dressing on side...received no dressing; ordered wrap with no onions...received onionsCompliments:* Location, location, location! Very close to DART light-rail line which can take you to many locations.* Complimentary milk and cookie service - soft, chewy cookies, yum!* Complimentary continental breakfast - bagels, coffee, tea, juices, muffins...not bad!* Kitchen, although not used by me, appeared to be well equipped for preparing meals--pots, pans, dinnerware, full-size fridge, microwave, stovetop* Considering it was in the middle of downtown Dallas, my room was quietConclusion:Unless The Magnolia has a really great rate deal, I will not stay here again. The fact that some things were not clean leads me to the conclusion that their quality control may be a little too lax for my standards. Granted, most homes aren't the picture of cleanliness, but when you stay at a hotel, you expect a little more attention to detail. Next time I am in the Dallas area, I will look for another hotel to stay at. With the extension of the DART rail-line, it is possible to stay at hotels outside the Downtown area and still be able to get around without an automobile.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>churchmouse
<Content>Overall, a positve exoerience Stayed one night at the Magnolia Hotel. Check in went very smooth. Our room was extremely spacious, clean, and comfortable. The only negative we experienced was road noise. I could not believe we could hear it from 20 floors up! Take your earplugs and go experience a historic, yet modern hotel.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Destind40
<Content>Jury is still out regarding this hotel... We stayed here June29/30, 2007. At first we were offered a room on the 12th floor, but asked for a higher one. This was then 'bettered' by a room on the 14th floor. I asked the lady if it had a good view of the city and she said it should. Needless to say, we were looking straight at the side of the other hotel beside it... although it did have some impressive gargoyles on it's structure..lolDouble bed room was quite small compared to others we've stayed in. The carpet (I couldn't help but notice) was quite worn and the a/c was loud. Luckily it was at the w/e, so there wasn't much traffic noise to deal with but you could still hear it (I used my earplugs this weekend). For $89, it was nothing to complain about and we aren't the type of travellers who spend the whole time in the room.Although we were in the downtown area (note: majority of stores, cafes, etc. within a short distance are closed), walking to the other tourist areas was easy, eg, 6th Floor Museum, JFK Memorial, Deep Ellum, Uptown (with its vast array of restaurants/cafes).Next time, we'll try a different location/hotel. Not too impressed with this Magnolia.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>silverthief2
<Content>Beautiful room, elegant and quiet hotel We stayed at this hotel August 9-11 for an event held at the hotel. The front desk allowed us to check in when we arrived at about 12:30 p.m. - probably because it was a very quiet weekend and there weren't too many guests in the hotel.Our room was on the 7th floor - 709, and it was beautiful! Great bed, a good desk where you could actually work, and everything was modern and in good condition. The best thing, though, was the view; we had six (!!!) windows on three sides of the room, so try to get a room like this if you like views and natural light. The wifi was somewhat spotty but we managed okay, had to go down to the second floor to use the business center (which is just one PC) a couple of times.The common areas of the hotel were nice and very quiet - again, probably because there weren't many guests around while we visited. Gym was way nice for a hotel gym: very big, well stocked with towels and water, and quiet both times that I went. The elevators were a bit slow but not too bad, at least for us as we only had to go up to the 7th floor. The surrounding area was completely dead by mid-afternoon and was very deserted on Saturday, so be advised that you will have to go elsewhere for restaurants, nightlife, etc. There is a Neiman Marcus just down the street, however. At least there is a big Starbucks right on the ground floor. I would stay there again if I return to Dallas, but would probably bring a car to get around more easily.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	4	2	

<Author>elchang
<Content>gorgeous modern rooms, decent service, horrible valet parking We stayed at the Magnolia while attending a wedding in Dallas. The room (2 queens) was gorgeous, with modern decor and huge bathrooms. The service was decent; check-in went well, there was a milk-and-cookie hour every night, and overall the staff was friendly.Now for the complaints. I'll start with a small one. When I made the reservation, the rep said that she would send a confirmation email, but I never got one. In the end I called the hotel directly to reconfirm. However, this was nothing compared to the horrible valet parking service.Since the hotel is located in downtown, there's pretty much no street parking to be had, so you are forced to pay $20/day to valet park your car. One morning, we called down to have our car brought up about 15 minutes before we got to the lobby. When we got there, we discovered our car wasn't there yet. Fine, we waited some more. After 30 more minutes we were told that the valets had finally located our car, but couldn't find the keys (!!!). It took them another 30 minutes to locate the keys and finally bring our car up, for a grand total of 1 hour and 15 minutes. How were we compensated for this debacle? We weren't charged for parking. Somehow that wasn't entirely satisfying.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	4	1	3	

<Author>dml0704
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Service was Lacking Earlier this year, I spend a week at the Magnolia for a conference and then tacking on a few days for fun. The hotel is beautiful and we enjoyed reading all about the history of the building. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite with a kitchen which was a corner room. The bed was very comfortable. The bedroom furniture and linens were great. The living couch and chair need to be replaced. The bathroom was large and well appointed. The kitchen had all the essentials and everything worked well. There were a ton of windows for great light and I found it very quiet. I do not think I saw anyone esle on my floor. The room service has a limited menu and is not available 24 hours -- and just an FYI -- most restaurants in the area close very early as you are in the downtown business district. The location of the hotel is great -- close to mass transit and alot of the tourist stuff as well. My family was able to walk most anywhere during the day. At night, this area is deserted (as it is the business district) not at all like downtown Chicago or DC. This area is also going through a lot of redevelopment of the high rises so there is a lot of construction which makes the area alittle disconcerting at night.My only disappoint was consistently with the service. We arrived late --after 11pm --due to flight delays and check in took over 45 minutes! The reason for the delay is that even though they took my ID to locate our reservation -- they proceeded to check me in as someone else! When I went to sign the paperwork I noticed that we did not have the right daily cost per night nor did I have a reservation for the right number of nights. Therefore, we had to start all over with the check-in process. Other issues were with customer service when we asked for extra towels it took 2 hours and 2 phone calls to receive them. This also happened with a request for an ironing board and even room service took much longer than we were told. The hotel does not have a conceirge regardless of what they say. We could not get reccomendations to restaurants nor could we even get directions to well known locations -- one theater was literally 2 blocks away and noboby could say how to get there!We also asked where a grocery store and laundry services were located and nobody could tell me. It turns out there are laundry room in the hotel but no one could tell me that.Overall I would say this is a beautiful hotel and as long as you dont need any guidance or questions answered would be a quiet and relaxing place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>Have_fun_will_travel
<Content>Allow extra time for the charming elevator rides Built in the early 1900s, this boutique hotel will charm you immediately. But ... If you're in a hurry, you'll likely grow weary of the antiquated elevators. Upper-level guests may at first feel lucky (as I did) to actually GET an elevator -- after a lengthy wait -- in the morning. But, consider this typical scenario: an overly crowded elevator stops on every ... single ... floor. You watch as the doors open, and disappointed/disbelieving guests look on hopelessly. I heard a few people say they grew so tired they walked 10 or more flights of stairs ... WITH their luggage. All the charm and friendly service in the world can't surmount the inconvenience of these woefully outdated elevators. The strangers I befriended on one lengthy ride all said they planned to stay elsewhere next time they're in town. Me, too.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	4	2	

<Author>cougarBrent
<Content>Nice and charming tower of terror! The hotel is clean and elegant and the rooms are well appointed. The location was great, just a few blocks from the MARTA- mass transit train. Starbucks in the building on the ground floor is very conveinient for coffe fans. My only negative remark would be the fear of impending death on the elevators. They are slow and noisy and we got stuck between floors for five minutes and the sounds from the elevator shaft where chilling as we said our prayers hoping to make it off alive. Dont ride in the 3rd elevator cab unless you like to defy death.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>funtravl
<Content>Cozy stay at Magnolia! Great hotel recommendation for Downtown Dallas area! Hotel still seems newly renovated with modern styles  architecture. Cozy  spacious rooms with a very plush feeling. For those who want to be pampered at a moderate price, this hotel is for you. Didn't get to sample any foods, but the stay was memorable. Romantic feel! A++  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lunasc
<Content>Great stay - get a corner room! Stayed here over memorial day weekend (thursday and friday night) our stay was great. The room was clean and well kept. The bed was comfortable and sheets were nice. The best part was the view from our room. When I made the reservation, I asked for a high floor, and when we checked in I asked for a corner room, as I heard those rooms had alot of windows; and boy were they right. Let's see....the prior reviewer who's review is titled poor might have suffered from all the construction going on the street below -- we even heard noise on the 21st floor. I can't speak to his comments on the continnental breakfast except to say that wasn't the continental breakfast -- it was the hot breakfast you could $9.95 for. I thought the free breakfast was great - 3 or 4 assorted muffins/pastries, 2 kinds of juice, 3 kinds of yogurt, 2 different cereals, milk, friut, and starbucks coffee. Overall our stay was great, and I'd stay there again if I went back to Dallas. As far as I'm concerned the magnolia is a great deal  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>askeddie
<Content>One of My Favorites I was in town for a tradeshow and stayed here. This has to be one of my favorite places. It is a historic building, yet they have managed to renovate everything I layed eyes on. Upon entering, you are greeted by young and smiling bellhops and as you step into the stylish lobby you can smell a nice aroma. This scent follows you every where you go. Spectacular, clean, great scented, spacious rooms, roman tubs, and my room on the 23rd floor had an awesome view.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>TexasPlowboy
<Content>Poor We booked this hotel based on ratings and virtual tour. We asked for high room, when we got there at 4:00PM we were told all the rooms with good views were already filled. We were put in a room above the 15th floor but it was next to the elevators and the noise from them was intolerable. We requested a quiet room and were moved to a lower floor, away from the elevator. This was close enough to the street that the street noise could now be heard. Being too tired to move again we gave up and stayed where we were. The noise finally died down and we were able to get some sleep. The bed at least was comfortable, and the sheets, although the fitted sheet was inside out, were clean. The continental breakfast didn't look good, eggs appeared under cooked and the sausage over cooked. We checked out sooner than expected.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Linzy757
<Content>Great Hotel! My co-workers and I stayed at the Magnolia during a business trip. The hotel upgraded us free of charge.They put us on the 11th floor in beautiful and spacious suites. Very clean, convenient and comfortable. Suites are ideal for long visits.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BootsCAT
<Content>Nifty historic property! The Magnolia was a convention hotel choice in March 2007. It's situated in downtown Dallas - lots of nifty Art Nouveau buildings nearby. This was the old Magnolia Oil building. The elevator lobby is gorgeous - old lamps and the flying Pegasus logos on the elevators. There is a little sign in each elevator (holds 8, but is roomy) to please be patient with their quirks. They were quite the modern conveyance when installed over 100 years ago! The Adolphus Hotel is just across the street - peek in and see the lobby! The original Neiman-Marcus store is just up the block (great lunch cafeteria), and the Urban Market is wonderful for snacks and water. Don't miss the Art Nouveau stained glass on the Joseph Banks store across the street - wonderful scene of Thor handing down electricity to the world. Thomas Edison is a gargoyle on that building! The Starbucks in the lobby is very handy.PROS: Hotel was basically full. I had a single queen room on the 19th floor. Elevator service was average to speedy. The halls were extremely quiet. Nice leather easy chair, wonderful big bathroom with drawers and a nice cabinet, large work desk, free fridge, lots of big windows and a nice view of the old Art Nouveau buildings. Staff was friendly and courteous - both front desk and bell staff. Room service was amazing. I ordered a wedge salad and a cheese BLT. It was $17 - with an additional tip!! The meal was huge. Homemade - warm! - cookies before bed in the lounge were a treat each night. Big closet - with a light inside - and the full length (large) mirror were a help. A light in the shower was also nice.CONS: The bedding wasn't at all what I expected. My sheets didn't quite fit the bed, and they had been washed so many times they felt threadbare. The top sheet had two small holes in it, in fact. The pillows were small and flat - I used three of them to sleep on. They were clean, but they were never changed in the three nights I was there. The bathtub is designed so that the water flows out freely onto the floor during a shower. Be prepared to mop up! The drawers are small and slim - no room for large items. The internet wireless was cranky, but it did work each day.Overall, I would definitely stay here again for a good price - but I would ask for different sheets. I had a relaxing few days!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>goob007
<Content>Yes and No Pros: historic old hotel, larger rooms, central location, clean, nice beddingCons:minimally staffed, elevators from the tower of terror (lurch a lot, 20 minute waits from top floors not uncommon, only hold 8 people), very dark rooms (one window facing a wall and very few lights), high speed internet bogs down after 6am (?DSL line) to 1mbps, desk chair well below working level unless you are over 7 feet tall  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>PrincessEthel
<Content>Very nice downtown property We spent a lovely, relaxing weekend at the Magnolia. Our room was on the 18th floor which gave a great view of the city. The room was nicely appointed and very comfortable. Don't miss the evening happy hour and milk and cookies!The staff were all very friendly and helpful.We had a great experience at the Magnolia and will stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrBunny
<Content>Downtown at your doorstep I went to Dallas on business, and stayed at the Magnolia to explore the downtown area.ROOMS: Comfortable, clean inside. The windows needed a good washing, however. (We stayed in the upper floors).LOCATION: Perfect for exploring. You are close to the JFK historical sites and within walking distance to the central attractions. PARKING: Not the greatest for public parking due to lack of space----you pretty much need to use the valets, but that was fine.CUSTOMER SERVICE: Easy check in, easy check out. The lobby seemed huge, so I imagine this hotel gets busy for weddings and business functions.RESTAURANTS: Behind the hotel is the Iron Cactus--Mexican and Southwest food. Excellent choice.This hotel is in the heart of downtown, but we felt pretty safe walking around at night. We observed a lot of nightlife for the younger crowd at some of the local clubs. If you want to experience metropolitan Dallas, this is a fine choice.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pd20
<Content>Disappointed I recently stayed here for a convention because it was recommended by our convention coordinator. For a 4-star hotel, it did not quite meet my expectations. The rooms were small and amenties such as coffee, etc were sparse. There was a coffee maker with coffee but no creamer or sugar and we had to move it to find a place to plug it in. It was on a shelf in the closet. The small refrigerator in the closet was nice though. The shower made so much noice when you turned it on I thought the pipes would burst through the walls. Not quite what I expected for this level of hotel. The shuttle service that was promised was basicly non-existent, unless you wanted to walk 2-3 blocks to the Adolphus to be picked up. The front desk was nice and helpful. Overall, this hotel was nice and clean, but for the price, I would stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	4	2	4	

<Author>KSLawDawg
<Content>Very satisfied with the Magnolia We recently stayed at this hotel for my step-brother's wedding. I had never heard of this hotel and I'm glad I was introduced. The hotel is an older structure but tastefully updated. The rooms were average size but the bathrooms were much larger than average. The beds were very comfortable and the entire hotel was very clean. The hotel offers a very limited breakfast (mostly just breads) but offered made-from-scratch cookies and milk at night. Parking is extremely limited in downtown Dallas and the hotel provides valet parking ($20 daily) which is worth every penny. Staff was friendly and very helpful. There is a Starbucks attached to the hotel and access is easy. We had a wonderful stay and hope to vist the Magnolia again. Would highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Anonimity
<Content>Wonderful stay at The Magnolia!!! I recently stayed at the Magnolia for a conference I was attending and the location was very convenient to the convention center (walking distance). The staff of this hotel were very helpful and accomodating...I had forgotten some basics like toothbrush +toothpaste and within two minutes someone was at my door with these items. The room was promptly cleaned every day and everything was very tidy and comfortable. Overall, it made my business trip a very pleasant stay and I would book it again and recommend it highly :)  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Soccer24
<Content>Can't Wait to Go Back! This was my 2nd time staying at the Magnolia in downtown Dallas and I LOVE it! I have had GREAT service both times i've been. The bell hops and the shuttle driver were great and when we called housekeeping for extra blankets and pillows they brought them right up. My stay was in July of 05 and July of 06. I love the Iron Cactus restaurant right next door and also the Urban Market down the street. Our room had a kitchen in it so every day we cooked our breakfast there and just grabbed a yogurt from the continental breakfast at the hotel. One time we paid for an omelet breakfast which was good. The only thing I was bummed about is no pool, but they told us we can use the one at a place across the street. We went across the street and you have to walk through a restaurant to get to the pool so it wasn't ideal.  I was impressed with the area around the hotel it was very clean and good walking distance to a couple of fabulous restaurants...tex mex and italian, a grocery store and the convention center and I LOVED having the starbucks downstairs. I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>MusicalTravel
<Content>The Magnolia - Stylish, Classy, Comfy       A DREAMY BED!!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>traveldani
<Content>My Stylish Stay I chose to stay at this hotel because I was attending a wedding that was downtown (actually right around the corner from the hotel). I saw pictures online before booking, and I have to say that I was impressed once I checked in. The decor is very stylish and fashion forward, the staff was very nice and the extras, such as the continental breakfast bar and milk and cookies at bedtime were a nice touch. The location was also good for those who like to shop, as the hotel shuttle (which takes you in a 1-2 mile radius for free) can take you to one shopping area, while a $10 dollar taxi ride takes you to bigger mall. My room was smaller than I anticipated, yet still nice. To me...the entrance was the only downfall, as it was always congested due to the mandatory valet parking, lingering taxi cabs and hotel shuttle. Overall I enjoyed my stay and would stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marcy512
<Content>Great views! This was my second stay at The Magnolia. I love the location, right in the middle of downtown, and the old building, but the best part is the view! Request a corner room, you get three walls of windows looking over downtown! There are a couple drawbacks to the hotel: the carpet needs to be replaced, the elevators are very slow. But the ambiance makes up for it. The staff are generally realy nice and helpful. I went down to the bar area to buy some OJ after breakfast had ended, and Jesus went to the kitchen and brought me two glasses of fresh squeezed for free! The shuttle is also great, they took us outside of the stated 5 mile radius. It was so convenient when we went out to dinner not to have to drive! There's also celebrities staying there almost constantly. The cast of Prison Break was staying there while we were there, as were the Black Crowes. You definitely can't beat the price for such a fantastic hotel!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>AUTUMNSUN
<Content>Better late than never!!       Jacuzzi  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Nuclear33
<Content>Great Stay My wife and I stayed at the Magnolia July 1 thru July 4. We enjoyed the hotel. The staff was great (free upgrade to King Suite). Romm was huge, great view and very quite. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room was nice, service left much to be desired... We checked into the Magnolia on Sunday for our 6th anniversary, which my husband had planned as a surprise get-a-way. We arrived around 1:30 pm although check-in was at 3 pm and were assigned a room immediately. The room was a Signature Suite in the middle of the hotel with no view and there are no balconies at the Magnolia. The room was tastefully decorated, quiet and clean. My husband had booked the Magical package that was all but magical. We received our champagne and strawberries around 6 pm and went down to the front desk on our way out to dinner at 7 pm and inquired about the remaining items of our package (robes, cd, turndown service with cookies/milk). We were told that they would arrive between 8-9 pm and that it would be left in the room if we were not there. We returned a little after 9 pm to find no such items in our room. We called the front desk and requested the remaining items along with 2 additional washcloths. 30 minutes past and we called again. After this call we received a call from a porter who verified our request and said he would be up shortly. It was around 10:15 pm when he arrived and he had forgotten the washcloths, the CD that was a part of our package was unavailable because they were out, and we never received the turn down service. The next morning I called again and we finally got the washcloths and our breakfast came on time, but was missing an entree and we had to call back to get condiments such as syrup for the pancakes we ordered. Lastly, we had a 2 pm check-out inluded with our package and yet the maid service knocked and entered the room at 9:30 am and again at 11:30 am while we were still trying to enjoy what little peace we could before leaving. Upon check-out we received 1/2 off the room after we explained our discontent and were informed that we received the wrong room which also should have had a view. Two days later an unauthorized charge for $10.83 was placed on my card. When I called to verify what the charge was for, it was explained that we were charged for 2 bottles of water that we never drank and had left in the bathroom and bedroom where we found them. I know that my husband was disappointed because his romantics efforts were thwarted by the Magnolia's service. The staff are nice and the hotel is nice, but we will not be staying there again.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>fritkis
<Content>Great staff members, nice stay Stayed at the Magnolia with two associates for a four day conference. The rooms were nice but the service was outstanding. Jesus at the bar in the evening gave us wonderful restaurant recommendations. The bell staff drove us to restaurants and were willing to pick us up within minutes with just a phone call. We really appreciated the cool and quiet at the end of some very busy and hot days. Thanks!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heather_100
<Content>Wonderful!!! Stayed in Dallas for a weekend conference and initially was booked at a different hotel. This original hotel was not satisfactory so I searched for another place to stay. I found the Magnolia Hotel and after reading some of the previous reviews on this site was a little worried - but I could not have been more impressed with the hotel, service, and location. I stayed in a suite - very roomy, clean, and with its own kitchen - felt like an apartment! Just steps away from a lovely urban marketplace. Also within walking distance of the downtown conference hotels. I just cannot say enough nice things about this hotel. Further, I travel quite a bit have would have to say this is one of the top places I have stayed!  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Check your credit card statement carefully Hotel is ok, but after my trip I discovered an additional unauthorized charge to my credit card.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Porpex
<Content>Shoots Itself in the Foot The Magnolia Hotel in Dallas could be a serviceable, mid-range hotel in the downtown area; an attractive option for business travelers. But--alas--the hotel undermines itself in a variety of foolish ways. The service at the front desk can be gracious or surly, depending upon the clerk. The rooms--though handsomely furnished in a faux W style---need routine maintenance and care. The throw-pillows on my sofa were torn, and the sheets on the bed were frayed. There's a convenient coffee maker available, but the maid service never replenished the supplies; no coffee, creamer, or sugar after the first night of my stay. Similarly, the room service menu was never replaced after I'd used it the first night. (For the hotel, that's lost revenue! I would've gladly ordered my room service breakfast all five mornings of my stay!) Regrettably--when I did place room service orders--the wait was long; over thirty minutes for a simple pot of coffee on one occasion! And the order was never correct; missing muffins, or the wrong side dish. My same day laundry wasn't returned until after mid-night two days after I sent it to be cleaned. The hotel seems to be trying; but--given the plethora of hotel options in Big D--- it comes across like a slightly hapless, confused teenager in a room-full of sophisticated adults.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>AngelPeak
<Content>Mostly great Liked:huge rooms,central location,great bed,wireless internet (in room,fee)Disliked:waiting 1 hour to check in after 7 hour red eye,paying for internet,lack of good restaurants nearby.Over all we really enjoyed our stay at the magnolia.The clean rooms are the largest I have ever seen and include a full kitchen,seperate living area,huge tub shower combo,modern decor.We had a very comfortable bed and the room was very quiet.Hotel is 15 min walk to JFK museum and other sites.Fort Worth 40 min drive away.Unless you have a car,it can be a bit of a ghost town after dark although there is a large bar/restaurant next door to Magnolia that looks good.Had no problem with valet service but it was not busy when we were there.Starbucks next to foyer in same building (love those pastries!)Definitely recommend Magnolia for your next stay in Dallas.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location       Lobby of Magnolia Hotel  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel but service ... The hotel is good. Wi-Fi. Rooms are good. Bartender and restaurant service is the worst in the world.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unbelievably digusting When I was looking for a hotel to go to for my honeymoon I chose the Magnolia. Big mistake. The room was aweful. It looked as if housekeeping hadn't been through in weeks, we even found old chinese food in our room. The bathroom smelled, and the shower wouldn't drain. We were booked for two nights and left after the first night.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>scrateef
<Content>Cheap and Chic I stayed at the Magnolia Dallas for 3 nights during December 2005. The Magnolia is a cute, boutique-ish hotel located in the heart of downtown Dallas. I lived in Dallas for 7 years and know the area well. I'd never stayed at the Magnolia, so on a recent visit, I booked a room there out of curiosity more than anything else.First off, the Magnolia is cheap! My room (with a King bed, love seat, tv, desk, fridge, coffee maker, wireless internet, etc.) was $85/night. The room was tastefully decorated and had a warm, inviting feel to it. The hotel was originally an office building from the early 1900s, and I was impressed that they were able to lose the loft/warehouse feel that so many old converted buildings have.The room was reasonably sized, on the 11th floor, and relatively quiet. The bathroom was larger than average, and the closet was large enough for me to hang all my clothes. The room had signs of wear 鈥?small hole at the base of one wall, broken door on the armoire, dresser drawers difficult to pull out 鈥?but it was clean, the bed was comfortable, and there were extra blankets in the closet (though I didn鈥檛 need them). Overall, the room was cute. You can tell that Magnolia tried to make it stylish and accommodating, but the fit and finish were a little on the cheap side (pseudo tile in the bathroom, laminate surfaces for the counter, furniture that could have come from Ikea). Still, the general effect was thoughtful and stylish enough for me to overlook the minor drawbacks. And at $85/night, I really didn鈥檛 feel like complaining about anything. The room served my needs just fine.House keeping was unobtrusive and good. The hotel boasts free happy hour daily (from 5:00 to 6:00, I believe) and complimentary breakfast for all guests. I didn鈥檛 bother with happy hour, and I鈥檇 skip the breakfast if you鈥檙e someone who likes a good meal in the morning. The spread consisted of semi-stale blueberry scones, blueberry muffins, mini cups of yogurt, some fruit, and standard juices and coffee. One visit to the breakfast buffet was enough. The other days I went down to the adjoining Starbucks.While downtown Dallas doesn鈥檛 have much life on the weekend, the Magnolia is right in the middle of what is there. The original Neiman Marcus is 2 blocks away, and several restaurants/nightclubs are located on the same block as the hotel. So you can easily walk to dinner and drinks. If you wanted to get the West End, I suppose you could walk there as well, but I鈥檇 opt for a cab to go that distance.If you drive to the hotel, the parking situation is valet only. I think the fee is $20/day with unlimited in/out privileges 鈥?reasonable for a downtown hotel. The valet operates 24 hours a day, and the gentlemen who work there are friendly and helpful. The rest of the staff was friendly and efficient as well. I鈥檇 caution against having drinks in the lounge. I stopped in for a nightcap one evening, and the bartenders were generally incompetent (10- to 15-minute wait for a drink) and had more than one customer sending them dirty looks 鈥?and a few choice words. When I ordered a 鈥渢op-shelf鈥?martini, the bartender who made it, intentionally poured my drink 戮 full, then (while I sat right there) turned to his co-worker and notified him that he needed to try what was left in the shaker because it was 鈥渢he good stuff.鈥?I just laughed, but some of the people sitting at that bar would have taken those as fightin鈥?words. So if you鈥檙e in the mood for a drink, I鈥檇 recommend one of the nearby bars/restaurants.On the whole, I have no complaints for the Magnolia. It鈥檚 a full-service hotel with friendly staff who seem genuinely interested in making your stay pleasant. The location is great, and as I鈥檝e said, the price is right on the money. I will caution that the price tends to draw a clientele that鈥檚 more on the rowdy side. While my room was quiet and peaceful, the lobby area (with a bar/lounge on the second floor) was pretty noisy 鈥?especially late in the evening. But there are plenty of secluded places to sit, so you take in some good people watching if the mood strikes or just go up to your room for a cozy night鈥檚 sleep.For now, the Magnolia is probably the hippest hotel in the area. But in the coming months, the W and Ritz Carlton will be opening just a mile or so away 鈥?though they will certainly be at a different price point. Until then, I鈥檇 recommend the Magnolia, and I鈥檇 stay there again the next time I鈥檓 in D town.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel-beware of housekeeping I had the opportunity to stay at the Magnolia Hotel in Dallas, TX November 11, 2005. Overall, this is a decent property. However, there were some issues. Valet parking is slow and at times unresponsive. The elevators seems to take a long time. I stayed in one of the signature suites which was nicely appointed. However, the pipes in the bathroom made a lot of noise whenever the shower was turned on. Unfortunately, I left two articles of clothing in my room which I did not notice until I had checked out of the hotel. I called the hotel immediately and was transferred to the lost and found department. I left a very detailed message but my call was never returned. After three attempts, I was eventually able to contact someone in housekeeping and was advised that nothing was found in my room. I know without question that these items were left in the room. Based on the integrity displayed by the housekeeping staff, I would advise you to safe guard your property and don't make the mistake of leaving anything behind.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely wonderful! Stayed here the night before Thanksgiving (Turkey Trot promotion). Hotel was about 30% full. Paid $113/nite + tax. Complimentary cookies, cartons of skim milk, incredibly good brownies from 9-11 every nite. Complimentary continental bkfast that we didn't try. Nifty restaurant/bar/lounge in contemporary open area with an atrium looking over the lobby on the next floor. Would be a very comfy spot to bring your laptop and work if you were there for several days. Overall effect reminded us of Jetsons-style decor if it were simultaneously peaceful and elegant!Rooms had fresh, contemporary decor. We had a queen suite with a full kitchen, bath with oversized oval tub. Beautiful and restful. Decorated in attractive shades of butterscotch and gray. Very comfy bed w/ feather pillows w/ embroidered cases, foam pillow in closet. Furniture looked good but could be a little more comfy in some cases (minor quibble).Friendly  competent bell and reception service. Didn't try room service, but menu looked very promising (not alarmingly ambitious, and a couple of notches above typical room service in similar-class hotels).Only downside - we were on 16th floor but still got quite a bit of truck noise early TG morning around 5-6 a.m.Would definitely recommend if you're staying in downtown Dallas. The suite would be a great choice for an extended stay.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Anniejo
<Content>Loved this hotel! Terrific stay at the Magnolia recently. Lovely old office building, very sympathetically converted to a hotel. Staff and everyone very friendly. Large rooms and very comfy beds, they even changed the bed linen daily! Despite an unusual (for October)93 degrees the room remained cool without the need for the aircon.Hotel in a good position, you could walk to JFK sites, Reunion Tower and West End etc. easily. DART public transport was a joy - clean, efficient and very inexpensive (by UK standards).Comp. breakfast was a good selection, pastries, cereals, muffins, bagels, yogurt and fresh fruit but the real treat were the wonderful milk and cookies at night!I'd highly recommend both the Magnolia and Dallas.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great rooms, horrible service I stayed here with my husband for a night away from the kids. We stayed in one of the historic (aka wood paneled) rooms. The room was gorgeous! That was the best thing about the hotel. Valet took forever. We asked about massage services and were told that someone would call us- no one did. We asked for a wakeup call- never got that. The elevators are slow, and no one offered to help us with our luggage. The staff members we did see were at least very nice. Sadly, this beautiful hotel may never lift its wings if the management doesn't clue in to the poor service!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lllllll
<Content>Disappointment We had the opportunity to stay at the Magnolia Hotel September 30 - October 3. I have mixed feelings about our stay:The Good:鈻?Beautiful boutique Hotel with good central downtown location.鈻?Outstanding staff (sans GM) that seems to really care and are very helpful.鈻?One hour free cocktails each evening from 5-6pm.鈻狶ocal, free shuttle service.The Bad:鈻?Internet access is $9.95 daily鈻?Mixers not on the gun are $3-4 dollars鈻?Continental breakfast is very lame鈻?General Manager is non-existentDetails:We were in town for a convention and had originally planned to stay at the Hyatt. We read the Magnolia website and decided for the latter. We were led to believe (website) that internet access was provided, wrong! When I called the GM (voicemail) upon check-in to express my disappointment, I never heard back. In my opinion, internet access is as basic as shampoo and a hair dryer, particularly at this price point. HI Express and Fairfield offer this service gratis for Pete鈥檚 sake, not to mention a much better continental breakfast (read below). Secondly, we went to the cocktail hour one evening. I ordered vodka and cranberry and my wife order a vodka and tomato juice. We were charged $3.50 for the tomato juice, since it was not available on the gun. Also, if you are not available between the narrow time period of 5-6pm; forget it, a mixed bar well drink is $6 and up. The continental breakfast was the biggest disappointment; very poor food quality and selection. Choices (and I am being kind) consist of small, recently thawed scones or muffins. However, if you arrive very early, you may be rewarded with a small container of yogurt. Oh, coffee and hot water are also provided. No fruit, juice, cereal, etc. Again, totally unacceptable for a hotel at this price point.Bottom Line:I would not stay at the Magnolia Hotel again. There are simply too many choices, to tolerate these basic lack of amenities.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tarheelgirl03
<Content>Suites are HUGE! My family and I recently stayed at the Magnolia hotel for one night and we were incredibly impressed. If we weren't flying out the next day, we probably would have tried to extend our stay!ROOM: We booked a Signature Suite since we were traveling with our 7 and 10 year olds and wanted extra room to spread out. Boy, did we ever have that! The room was absolutely huge! In some previous reviews, the suites have been compared to a small apartment and that couldn't be any more true. As a matter of fact, I think I've lived in smaller apartments! The suite had three closets (not sure what we'd use all of them for but they were there if needed) and a nice view of downtown. The only thing in the room that I was a bit perplexed by was the fact there wasn't a door on the bedroom. Granted, the bedroom was located on the other side of the kitchen and, therefore, you couldn't see the bedroom from the living room, but, it still seemed weird. Plus, if the kids had to get up to use the bathroom in the middle of the night they could clearly see us in bed.BATHROOM:The bathroom was large and the products (shampoo, conditioner, bath gel  lotion) smelled yummy. There were two sinks and a very long counter area. The shower was also really neat since it was in a large oval tub. There was definitely space to move around and the terry cloth shower curtain was a nice touch.KITCHEN:The kitchen in the room is just as it looks on the website and it was totally stocked with pretty much anything you'd need if you were staying for a few days. The cupboards were even stocked with dishes, glassware, wine glasses, pots  pans and even measuring cups! There was a large refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, and dishwasher! Since we only stayed one night, we didn't use the kitchen but it seems as if they thought of everything you'd need, and then some!FOOD:We ordered room service for dinner and it was very good. The service and presentation of the food was great. Since they offer complimentary cookies  milk from 9-11, we just had to partake (the kids couldn't wait!) While this was a nice touch, the cookies weren't quite as fresh as I thought they would be. The sugar cookies were ok but the peanut butter and chocolate chip cookies were pretty hard. Regardless, it was a nice touch and the kids loved it. We had the complimentary breakfast the next morning as we left for the airport and it was pretty good. They had a selection of scones and yogurt and provided just the right amount of food to get us out the door. Not sure if I'd like the selection if we had stayed more than one day but it worked out well for what we needed. It was also really nice to have a Starbucks right there for a big shot of caffeine to get our day started.SERVICE:All of the employees we encountered were very nice. The gentlemen at the front desk were pleasant and were proactive in offering information before we had to ask. All in all, we had a great night and the room was a bargain for how large it was. I can see my husband and I going back sometime without the kids to enjoy the downtown ambience and great restaurants.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>vegastraveler
<Content>Fantastic!! I have stayed in several hotels in Dallas, but looked into the Magnolia after reading about it on Tripadvisor. It was perfect! I really loved everything about this hotel. I rarely stay in 3 star hotels, usually 4 or 5 star, so I was hesitant especially with the outrageously low rates, but I feel the Magnolia should be rated a true 4 star hotel. I had a queen room that was very nice... very large, the furnishings looked brand new, leather chair, lots of lamps, full length mirror, three windows, large bathroom with nice tub. The entire hotel, including the rooms is decorated a very chic, modern decor, and I actually got some ideas for my own home. A friend traveling with me had the deluxe room which is actually the size of an apartment with separate bedroom and living room and a full kitchen, and it was decorated just as nicely. We enjoyed our room service breakfast, but there is a complimentary continental breakfast set up everyday on the second floor which looked nice with a selection of pastries and muffins with juice and coffee. The hotel also offers room service for dinner. Everyone on staff was extremely gracious and helpful. We encountered no service problems whatsoever. They were very nice when we we forgot our shopping bags and cell phone on two separate occasions after our car had been valeted. The valet charge is high, but I expect that for any hotel and valet parking. The location is great too. There are several restaurants/bars within walking distance, and its a really short drive to uptown entertainment. I will definitely choose Magnolia for future stays in Dallas.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel; Great Value We have stayed in many hotels in Dallas from The Mansion on down. We stayed at The Magnolia last night for the first time at the recommendation of family who stayed recently. The hotel is beautifully decorated, comfortable and convenient to Downtown and Uptown destinations. The rooms are not old, renovated hotel rooms. They are completely modern with wonderful linens, toiletries and furnishings. Beds aren't king, so be aware that you'll have a queen. Our only comment for improvement would be on staff. The valet guys were great, but other employees seemed less than warm. Some would pass us and not speak at all. The continental breakfast was nice, milk and cookies at bedtime on Club level a great touch and cocktail reception a little too brief (5-6 pm) but fine. Still the lovely hotel is a great value and we will return. There are many nice restaurants nearby and Neimans is a short walk from the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Rooms, Mediocre Service My husband and I stayed at the Magnolia for a weekend trip up to Dallas. When we arrived in our car, we hauled our own luggage out of the trunk while the valet parkers and doormen looked on. Okay, no biggie. That saved us from having to tip anybody at least. We walked over to the front desk to check in, where the desk clerk gave us a hyperspeed version of the hotel amenities, breakfast times, etc. I had to ask him to slow down two times, but it was to no avail. Fortunately, all the info he rattled off was presented on the hotel's channel on the TV in our room. Anyhow, the room was quite nice, even if much less spacious than advertised. We had a good view of downtown Dallas, and liked the small touches such as the bottled water and newspaper every morning (although, we couldn't figure out why they brought the New York Times instead of the Dallas Morning News). The complementary breakfast was a bit of a joke. Of course, as soon as you get off the elevator you run straight into the hot breakfast buffet that will cost you $10/person. By the time you see the complementary breakfast, your taste buds will wilt in disappointment. Our second day at the hotel, we decided just to go to the Starbucks. As for the valet parking, our car was brought around very quickly, but we were charged $20 (plus tax!) for the first night's parking. We decided to park the car in a public parking lot 1 1/2 blocks from the hotel our second night and saved ourselves $15 (plus the tax).  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, Terrible valet service Well, a great weekend and stay, until I valeted my car. Rude service from doorman and shuttle driver, then the worst happened. Young valet driver by the name of Mike did considerable damage to the clutch in my vehicle, and was apparent to all in the lobby who could smell the car when it pulled up. Now the hotel and valet company claim absolutely NO responsibility for the three thousand dollars of damage done to my car (Audi parts are NOT cheap).  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Discerning Texas Traveler
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Service This is a wonderful hotel in downtown Dallas. The front desk staff gave us a great room and seemed genuinely interested in whether we had a good stay. The bellman was friendly and courteous, and the bartender was very helpful in suggesting some other places to go. The rooms were immaculate, spacious, and had a great view. We have stayed at the Mansion on Turtle Creek, the Adophus, the Crescent Court, and Anatole and this is by far the best value and the nicest staff. I would be careful walking after dark down towards the West End near the bus station. Lots of panhandlers there.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>John from sunny Cornwall
<Content>Yes this is the only place to stay in Dallas I have to ask. Is there anyother hotel worth staying at in Downtown Dallas? I think not, we spent six weeks reading hotel reviews at kept coming back to The Magnolia. Great rooms, staff and rates. Save your self six weeks searching and book it now.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>khyren
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We stayed here 2 weekends ago. The decor was very trendy. The lady at the front desk was very friendly. Our 1-queen bedroom was reasonably priced ($100) and fairly large. The bathroom was huge as was the shower and tub. We had no problems getting a movie. Everything worked as intended. It's within easy walking distance to a lot of great restaurants and bars, if you don't mind the beggars (its downtown after all). I was very impressed with the free happy hour (bartender was awesome and a decent selection of booze for free), the free milk and cookies (GIGANTIC and delicious!), and the free continental breakfast. Really the only downside to the stay was the bed wasn't very comfortable. :)  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bredo
<Content>Decent Hotel My wife and I had a pleasant experience for my 30th birthday weekend. The hotel was centrally located, but the area seemed pretty dead for a weekend. The Iron Cactus was the only nightime spot within walking distance that had any sort of pulse. Our room was great. We had a 20th floor room with great views on three of the four sides. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. They did however forget to leave us any towells after cleaning the room one morning. The $9.99 breakfast buffet wasn't bad...my wife opted for the free continental breakfast. When we alerted a server that they were out of O.J. they replied whatever is out on the table, is all we have left. Parking was somewhat of an annoyance. If I'm paying $18 a night to park, I wouldn't expect to wait 15 minutes to get my car. Overall we were fairly pleased with our stay. My wife was able to find an internet rate for $99. I don't know that I would have been as satisfied had we paid any more than that.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed for our Anniversary My husband and I celebrated our anniversary at the Magnolia. Our night in all did not go the way we expected. Checking into the hotel, the lady at the front desk was rude and unwelcoming. We were untold of hidden charges when reserving a room and when I was confused she was even more rude. I was unhappy with the service at the Magnolia. Finally we get settled into our room and head out for dinner in the town. But we get stuck in the elevator. Not a pleasant feeling at all! After dinner we ordered and paid for a movie on the television and it started in the middle of the movie. It was a horrible night for our first year anniversary. However, rooms were beautiful and orderly. I probaby would never stay at the Magnolia again. Highlight of the night was certainly NOT in the Magnolia, but the Iron Cactus Restaurant behind the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PartCel
<Content>Best Value in Dallas We stayed here for several nights around my stepdaughter's wedding on New Years Eve. The rooms were unbelievably spacious (the two bedroom suite was truly apartment size and comfort) and the service was friendly, courteous  attentive. The free cocktail hour is really a nice 'extra' if you are booking for a group, it allows you and your guests to snack, drink and visit, with no inconvenience. We booked several rooms and everything was as booked, Dawn was wonderful to work with and very accomodating. The hotel provided transportation to the wedding site and even arranged return transportation for all of the remaining decorations at the of the wedding and transferred them to the planners auto. They sent several vans, all of this I might add was the eve before the Texas AM Cotton Bowl game, so things were crazy and extremely business in downtown and at the hotel. The hotel management and staff conducted themselves in a very professional manner during this 'stressful' time. This has to be one of the best values in Dallas and we are looking forward to staying at the Magnolia on our return visits to Dallas.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel and excellent service What a great hotel with great service to boot! This is the 2nd time I have stayed at a Magnolia Hotel and I have to say that they are very consistent both in service and overall style of the hotel. I was in Dallas on business and was blown away by what great service this hotel had. From the Front Desk Staff to the Bell Staff everyone was very pleasant and ready to go above and beyond!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel Travelled on business, lovely room, very comfortable, excellent breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel7Bug
<Content>A Pleasant Experience Online reservations were easy. We had a beautiful suite when we checked in, but it didn't have the requested wireless internet access so we moved to another room, and that suite was even better. The low internet pricing was not extended to us for the night we added to our reservation, a business style I find distasteful. The hotel was extra noisy during my last two days because the hotel was filled with young kids who were having a great but noisy time attending cheerleading contests which must have been nearby. The hotel has some environmental steps inconsistently implemented around the hotel, but I'm pleased they did anything green. A nice enough experience in general.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fitnessfreaks
<Content>Awwwesome! Relaxing, quiet, incredible! We adored The Magnolia. We asked for a room w/a view  were placed in a corner room on the 24th floor, from which we could see Neiman Marcus below, the Cotton Bowl  the State Fairgrounds in the distance, and everything in between. Although not all standard rooms are decorated this way, our room had oak paneled walls, hardwood floors,  five windows w/ sills deep enough to curl up in. The public areas were amazing. The 2nd floor is dedicated to numerous small intimate seating areas for guests to sit  talk, read a book in front of the fireplace, have a drink w/friends, watch a ballgame, or even play billiards. No matter how many people were there, we always felt we had a private spot. The evening reception has standard fare, - true -- but the cheese, veggies, crackers, chips,  salsa, along w/the free drinks -- were served w/a smile, and there was always someone quietly cleaning up any mess from the people before you. We were walking distance to the Convention Center, the West End, and the Kennedy Memorial. The public library is just a couple of blocks,  the newly opened  fantastic Iron Cactus is LITERALLY out the back door. We thoroughly enjoyed the hot tub on the 3rd floor. It is in a corner room off the gym w/ barred but open (meaning no glass) windows, so the crisp outside air is a factor, but... the tub was warm so the January chill air felt nice. It was a unique experience. We didn't get to use the fitness room, but were impressed w/its equipment  size (how many hotel gyms actually have racks of dumbbells?). There is almost nothing negative I can say about The Magnolia. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>I10Traveler
<Content>Absolutely Awesome Travel to Dallas on business 2 times per month and stayed for first time at Magnolia Hotel based on a colleague recommendation.I was presently suprised by the Style this hotel has and how they have blended it so well in a historic building. It use to be the Magnolia Oil Building, which became Mobil Oil. It also has the Pegasus Horse, which is a Icon for the City of Dallas on the Roof.Service was great and the room was exceptional. Great decor, comfortable bed, oversized tub, and wonderful views.Great (and huge) fitness facility.Loved the complimentary happy hour each evening.I will definitely be back and highly recommend Magnolia Hotel to anyone traveling to Dallas.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT anniversary weekend! We decided to stay at the Magnolia the weekend of August 13-15, 2004 because we were coming home to Dallas to see Josh Groban in concert and wanted a swanky place to stay to celebrate our anniversary.We were blown away by the Magnolia, and highly recommend it! The decor is awesome, exactly our style, and very clean and sleek. No flowery bedcovers anywhere! We had a one bedroom suite, with huge windows overlooking Neiman's, full kitchen, huge bath, etc. We spent alot of time just lounging in the room, and it was great. GREAT decor, clean, etc. The lounge was great, too! We enjoyed playing pool and watching the flatscreen, enjoyed the complimentary drinks and food each evening, the cookies at night were WONDERFUL, fresh, and hot. The morning breakfast was much nicer than any other free buffet I had encountered, and we each had plenty to choose from and fill up on. (when we were there, they had various oatmeals, fruit, cottage cheese, yogurt, bagels and other breads with toaster, muffins, crossaints, OJ, coffee, milk, etc) We enjoyed casually going down with our complimentary paper, watching the Olympics on the sofas, and enjoying a cup of coffee and breakfast.The 24 hour coffee and tea is nice, too ;) I didn't have to worry about making any in my room, though we had a maker, blender, toaster, etc all in there for our use.The spa is beautiful, well equipped, with nice clean locker rooms. We used the valet, they were prompt and VERY friendly each time. We got to know all of them. They had our car within minutes of me calling, and always had it upfront waiting on us. When we decided to use their shuttle to the West End, they had one available within 10 min of my calling, and he took us right there. We enjoyed our visit, and since we only paid about $130 a night, we were *VERY* impressed with the service, quality, and amenities!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Maybe the worst service in Dallas? I stayed at the Magnolia in April 2003 for the first time and was pleasantly suprised with the level of service provided by the Magnolia staff. Everyone from the a.m. Doorman and Valet to the Housekeepers were exceptional. What a difference a year makes. The new Doorman and valets were clueless. It took the hotel van driver 20 mins to take me 4 blocks because he got lost and had the nerve to stick his hand out for a tip. The frontdesk personel was about the same....clueless. The food from the club/room service tasted like it was microwaved twice.Now the rooms are nice and cozy. They are always clean and fresh.So, if you want service stay clear of the Magnolia. Otherwise an alright room.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel for business, but service needs some help The Magnolia Hotel is a very nice (clean and renovated) hotel, and I am picky. The breakfast is very basic and the rooms are either very small or very large. The front desk is ofter clueless as are the valet guys at the entrance to the hotel. Location is a bit out of the way but they drive you to your office if it is in downtown.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay! My family and I stayed in a suite with a full kitchen on the 5th floor not facing the street for 2 weeks and our stay was great. We were able to sleep in and avoided most(if not all) of the noise from downtown. Most of the staff were friendly, the comp breakfast and cocktails were fine. The only complaints were valet was slow at times bringing our truck up and there is no all day room service. Evening room service began at 5pm and ended @ 11pm, and the selection wasn't vast (but tasted good) which was a bit difficult when you have small hungry kids. There aren't many restaurants either in the area that stay open past 10pm. Overall, we got a great rate ($157.00/per night) and would highly recommend the Magnolia Hotel!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice room, but there were some issues Stayed in a suite. Very clean, nice room!Dislikes:Parking-but it is downtown.Noise level-opt for a room NOT facing the street, the noise of cars all night echos downtown.Free cookies and milk-ok, the cookies sucked. Stale, bland, like they bought them at the grocery store at half price the day before. This was a turn off, I would rather have something NOT offered than something that is offered and is totally a disappointment.Likes:LocationCleanFree cocktail card at check-in  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for business travel or pleasure! The Magnolia Hotel was perfect! We were in town for a city-wide event. There were about 20 of us staying at the Magnolia for 5 days. The group sales team was SUPERB! They were attentive, accomodating, organized and above all - POLITE (a rarety when planning group travel these days, it seems). I can't say enough about how much we loved the look and feel of the hotel. Located in the heart of downtown we were walking distance to every desireable location in Dallas (although - we didn't have to walk much since the hotel provides a courtesy shuttle!). There is a Starbucks attached to the hotel. There is a complimentary breakfast (standard morning foods); coffee all day; fresh baked cookies in the evening AND they give guests 'drink tickets' good for 2 fee drinks in the hotel bar for each night of your stay! They only have evening room service - but can coordinate fb needs for the daytime. Have I mentioned how great the valets and evening front desk team was? The people really make the place here. The rates were very reasonable - even for the boardroom suite!!We had one of the boardroom suites (check it out on the website). It was magnificent! Plenty of room for meetings during the day w/a full kitchen. living area and 1 bedroom. We also had a few 1br suites which were gorgeous. All the rooms are great. We didn't stay in any of the Historic floors but I bet they are splendid!Another major bonus - entertainment  food! Two of the three nights that we were at the Magnolia there was entertainment (provided by the city) in the square. One night was Breakfast at Tiffany's and another night was a full concert! And there are 3 or 4 excellent restaurants in the immediate area (Iron Cactus $, Metropolitan $$$, Campizzis $$ and Jerabom $$$!).Couple of negatives - the elevators were really slow at times (usually due to the guests but sometimes b/c of staff usage). Several times we ended up taking 10-11 flights of stairs down to the main lobby after waiting at length for an elevator. Also, they were not fully set up for high speed internet when we were there - but are planning to be very soon. Wi-Fi ONLY!Business or pleasure - the Magnolia is the place to stay in Downtown Dallas.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location We stayed at the magnolia for our 3rd year anniversary and were impressed with the Decor, very Urban yet classic. We enjoyed the cocktail hour with 2 free drinks at the fancy yet quaint little bar area overlooking the city. Location is great right in the middle of downtown, close to deep ellum clubs and north dallas resturants. We love the French bistro Jerobaum across the street, great food and atmosphere. Will definately be back soon.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnolia Rocks! Like the Magnolia in Denver, this one is a great downtown hotel with walkable access to some worthy sights, notably the Nasher sculpture garden -- worth a diversion for anyone. This hotel is equally for business people and visitors. Friendly staff, free breakfast, and evening milk and cookies. Don't come for the view; for many it will be of a neighbor's room.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OKGirl
<Content>Great stay! We stayed for 2 nights and really enjoyed ourselves. The location was not a problem, you can walk to many nice restaurants (try Campisi's, delicious italian!) and they run a shuttle to the West End. Our room was great, had a super view, and the AC ran very well. It did take a while to get our car when we checked out, but the hotel was at 80% capacity, and we did wait until the last minute to call (word to the wise, if you are checking out @ 11, call about an hour before to get your car). Very friendly staff, everyone smiles and says hello, and is helpful with getting you where you want to go or giving you ideas for food, museums, etc. The valet even gave us a coupon out of his wallet for a free appetizer when we told him where we were going for dinner. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ghost Ship Magnolia I had an suite with an adjacent joining room. Both were fine, once the toilet and air conditioning had been fixed. If you like ghost hotels, if you like self-service hotels, if you like waiting for twenty minutes for your car - then this is the place for you. However, if you like to be greeted at check in (and check out) by someone who looks you in the eye, food that is decent, with sufficient staff to help with bags do what I widh I had done - stay somewhere else.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>texansarah
<Content>Loved it My boyfriend and I stayed here to have a romantic night out and loved it. We could have cared less about the location, but for us, the price and decor couldn't be beat! There is a huge bathtub that was wonderful and we felt like we were splurging, even though it was so cheap by Dallas standards. The breakfast was nice to have as well. It was beautiful and trendy and modern and we are going back for our birthday weekend this year!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of my favorite hotels! The Magnolia Hotel in Dallas made my trip complete. It was a comfortable, up-to-date hotel. This is one of my favorite hotels! Stay here and you'll be coming back!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful in Every Aspect! Wonderful in every aspect - a beautiful hotel, a great location, extremely friendly staff - great breakfast and happy hour. I can't say enuogh great things about this place and I have stayed in a LOT of hotels. The room looks to be newly remodeled and is very spacious and clean. I would go back to Dallas just to stay in this hotel again! And the price, the best bargain on a hotel I have ever paid - a hotel like this in NYC would easily cost $350/nite or more.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, elegant, contemperary, above average. Very accommodating. Every attention to detail. We enjoyed Valentine's night in the Executive Suite at this hotel and couldn't have been more pleased. Customer service was excellent. Two examples: Our flight arrived mid-morning and with a quick telephone call our room was waiting for us immediately so we could enjoy a nap before venturing out. I knew we would be out during cookies and milk and my husband is a cookie lover. I phoned the front desk explaining the situation and requested cookies and milk be delivered to our room for when we would return. I could tell this was not a request they receive often but when we returned from a perfect night, four cookies were on plate in the kitchen and a pitcher of milk was in the fridge. I've read that some feel the location is its only weakness. I disagree. We rented a vehicle and great shopping, a variety of restaurants, and entertainment venues were all within a 10-minute drive. The elevators were slightly slow but the surroundings made the wait seem almost welcome. In conclusion: Beautiful, elegant, contemperary, above average. Very accommodating. Every attention to detail. Would definitely recommend and will definitely return.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>onebackwardglance
<Content>Ok hotel--evenly in the middle The Magnolia suffers from its location in Dallas. Sure, Neiman Marcus is one block down, but so what? The best thing about the Magnolia is Jereboam across the street, but that is closed on Sundays, so if you want to eat on Sunday, bring lots of snacks, because nothing within walking distance, except maybe a Togo's, is open. The room has intermittent wireless Internet access (on lower floors only), and zero room service. The beds are good, but the rooms are a bit empty, and there are no Kimpton type amenities, like stereos, cds, and novels. I found it difficult to keep the room at a decent temperature, and frequently wanted to run down to the street to gulp real air. But the jacuzzi is lovely, and the lounge on the second floor is nice. A decent hotel in a dull downtown, although I had hoped for more.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The absolute best deal in town   showReview(1503092, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>huckleberrytx
<Content>Loads of TLC   showReview(1499861, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Experience!   showReview(1379111, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Magnolia...a real hidden treasure!   showReview(1121609, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay at Magnolia in Dallas   showReview(982764, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnolia- Never stay there   showReview(917375, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnolia compared to the Adolphus   showReview(907143, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will never forget it!   showReview(836962, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous!   showReview(705147, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dallas Magnolia Hotel -- a flower in the city   showReview(586988, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good situation but do not expect Art Deco   showReview(17440368, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅 en ville   showReview(13984970, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>One of best in Dallas!   showReview(11304381, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

