<Author>rexysosexy
<Content>Awesome stay in Honolulu!       Hanging by one of the pools  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MilwaukeeCol
<Content>The Waikiki Marriott is Okay for an Airline Overnight Our family was bumped from a US Airways flight and they put us up at the Marriott Waikiki for the night (and a majority of the next day). The Marriott was not a bad place to stay. The check-in (at 1 in the morning) was quick and efficient. The airline had booked us for 2 nights (since the flight out was at midnight the next day). The food prices are pretty outrageous ($19.95 for breakfast buffet and $26.95 for dinner buffet), but the food is really very good. The airline gave us coupons for breakfast, lunch and dinner ($5, $5 and $10, respectively) which helped (a little) to defray the costs, but not much. The people at the hotel seemed nice enough. We did not interact with them a lot, but the ones we spoke with were nice. The hotel is nicely situated on Waikiki beach and the room we got was on the 30th floor with a great view of Diamondhead and the end of Waikiki Beach. It also had two pools and a jacuzzi which were very nice. All in all, we had an okay time at the Marriott Waikiki. It was not outstanding in any respect, but it was adequate to get us ready for our flight out the next night.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>davidnhollyminor
<Content>Taking the Family on a Business Trip Nice Hotel in the heart of Waikiki. The Beach by the hotel is protected by a man-made surf break that makes it great for small children. Our 2 1/2 year old son loved playing in the water and it barely was over his head in the deep areas. It was a great place to have him in the water and not be scared.The area around the hotel is full of tourist trap shops and some shady characters, but it is safe. The food at the hotel is good, but nothing spectacular.I would definitely recommend this hotel for other people, but you should not expect too much. Just enjoy it for what it is.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>yumikat2006
<Content>Great hotel! I don't understand all the negative reviews here. Although it is a little on the far end of the hustle and bustle of Kalakaua Avenue and most importantly Waikiki, my family and I had a very pleasurable stay here, made possible by American Express. Our room was very clean and we had a great full view of Diamond Head and a partial ocean view. I really recommend the restaurant Arancino di Mare for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, but for dinner, I would recommend making reservations to avoid waiting in line for 15-20 minutes. The service here was great; we were staying at this hotel during the power outage, but the staff told us to stay calm and told us the cause, and told us there was a flashlight in case we needed one. All in all, I had a wonderful stay here at the Waikiki Beach Marriott, and I hope to stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BrisbaneGlad
<Content>Never be tempted to stay here! The worst hotel I've stayed in for a long time, and an unbelievable price rip-off. We will be taking up their dishonest charging practices with our credit card provider!The room was not cleaned the first day and on two days of four it was cleaned in the late afternoon while we were trying to relax in the room. Cleaning staff were friendly and polite. The rest of the staff were arrogant and unhelfpul, and at times downright rude. Getting attention for anything from checkin/checkout to concierge services required standing in long queues. Bell-boy services were non-existent. Information on facilities and services was very poor. Advertising messages left on our room phone drove us insane and rendered the voicemail service completely useless. Excessive noise and poor air conditioning that caused us to boil, then freeze, meant we got no sleep.Lifts didn't work properly. (We almost missed an expensive tour because we had to wait for 20 minutes for an elevator!). Food costs were outrageous - $17.50 USD for a small bowl of oatmeal! And despite a rate of over $300 per night, an internet connection was an expensive extra! Even the in-room coffee was limited to enough to make 2 cups per day if you didn't need sugar, and only 1cup per day per room (regardless of number of occupants) with sugar. The buffet breakfast was quite good, but at $19.95 USD each, you would expect it to be! As for lunch and dinner, the restaurants around the corner offered far better at a quarter the price, with courteous service thrown in at no extra cost! And don't even think of booking activities through the Marriott! Tour service operators one block away offered identical tours and activities for an average of 60% of the price and were much nicer to deal with!My daughter arranged our bookings at $159 USD per night, but when we checked in we were told no bookings existed at that rate and it was actually $275 per night, but they could offer a 4th night free special. (My daughter actually paid the apparently non-existent $159 rate for an identical room!) On checkout, the charge levied was over $300 per night, and no fourth night free. When I complained, we were told they had a 'pre-auth' on our credit card and had placed the charge and did not need a signature or approval of any charges. (That suggests they think they can defraud whenever they please! I'll be taking that up with my card provider!)Overall, a miserable experience that spoiled an otherwise enjoyable holiday.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Worltravelah
<Content>Flophouse ala Marriott First let me say that the staff in the restaurant waiting tables and making my food were great. If you can find a way to wrangle breakfast: do so. It goes to 11 AM so you can make it brunch and skip lunch. The nice ladies pouring my coffee saw I was by myself and chatted me up just enough. I liked that, and they are credit to the staff. Tips were included in my breakfast voucher but I still left a couple a bucks most days. They were so nice I guiltted myself into it.Second the lady cleaning my room (16th floor back tower) was so nice! She was always cheery and chatting my up a bit in the halls. These are the people who should be running the place. Management got bonus money: spend it there.The pool areas were nice. I liked relaxing there, and the older pool guy gave me a friendly welcome and chat one day. Good towel service. (However, younger guy noticeably snobby and above it all. Hey you are a pool boy here's a clue: put a smile on.) Even the noisy kids didn't bug me. It was kinda fun hearing Christmas Carols on the ukulele with Hawaiian words on the loudspeakers. Fun and relaxing good choice and atmosphere.Now for the bad news.This must be an old building with poor construction standards, and in my opinion, Marriott needs to sell this building and look for something else down here in Waikiki. You can noise from above, and both sides. This includes but is not limited to banging doors and furniture sliding. The automatic door closers are adjusted to a slam level. No kidding the plastic fake wood headboard in my room banged my head, with a gut wrenching BANG when the door next door closed. But all the noisy doors on the hall were clearly audible. And there must have been an elephant in the room above me dragging furniture around on the balcony. Now I had the bonus (add sarcasm) of being in the room next to the elevators, providing me with a 24 by 7 inescapable on and off whirring vibration every time the elevator moved. Imagine that morning noon and night for a 7 day stay. Now combine that with an unsympathetic staff who won't change your room. Which brings me to my next point.The front desk staff is surly and incompetent, although the woman checking me in did smile and try to accommodate me. To Wendel one of the managers: nice try by moving me 36 hours before the end of a one week stay, but it was just not worth it. And a special shout out to Kaori who was not only rude, but treated a Marriott Preferred member and a millionaire, MBA and double Masters like a complete idiot and a bum. Honestly, if someone from corporate saw a video of how she treated me, she would be fired without question. Someone in a management position should simply pose as a customer and get in line with her.Watch your bill! I chained 3 reservations together. They tried to get me to pay upgrade fees, upgrading two of the lower rates to the higher grade room. Due to all the problems they upgraded my ocean view room to one where I could actually see the ocean! How big of them! Then without telling me they tried to sneak on the 20 dollar a night charge they told me I did not have to pay. If I had not noted it I would have paid and I am sure many do. Then they treated me like they were doing me some big [--] favor to take it off.Let's talk parking. When I pay 27 dollars a night for an entire weel to park the door should open when I put my key in. And if it doesn't, someone should call to bring me new keys when I get back. Twice I had to wait in line to solve the problem of my key not working. If the front desk had not worn me down I would have fought with them to have one night removed from my bill. At that price I should not have to wait at the desk for surly treatment twice.That's enough. Again. My the pool, my housekeeper, the waitresses, and the gentleman cooking me a perfect western omelet in the morning were the only saving graces of this one week stay. The quality of the building resulting in almost unbearable noise is something in my opinion which is insurmountable. If you are expecting Marriott quality with this stay you are going to be sorely disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	1	4	1	1	1	

<Author>u761154
<Content>Don't expect any smiles. Was due to stay here for 7 nights, but ended up moving after 3. The hotel is in a very convenient location right across the road from Waikiki beach. It is an ideal location if you want to be near the beach, the restaurants, bars and shops. There are ABC stores everywhere, plenty of transport options, tours and activities. The main reason we moved to the JW at Ko Olina was that it was just too busy, don't expect to find any quiet spots to chill, as the tourists and traffic is constant, and you'll be stopped by people trying to sell you tours/activities/restaurants/etc every 50m as you walk along the main beach road.There are two large towers, try to request the one nearer to the beach, as you will get better views. Unfortunately we were placed in the other one, in a partial ocean view room. Well the only way you could see the view from the tiny balcony was to learn over the edge of the railings and look down the street between the buildings, not my ideal of even a 'partial' ocean view. The room was very dated, and the bathroom was the strangest I have seen. The bathroom was small, containing the shower/bath and the toilet, the basin was outside in the room. The door to the bathroom was a flimsy sliding door, not what the standard that you would expect from a Marriott hotel at all. As others have commented the walls are thin, we could hear the noise from neighbouring rooms, and also from people outside in the hallway as we were placed right next to the lifts. On the positive side the room was clean, a very comfortable bed and had an empty refrigerator for you to stock up on stuff from the ABC stores.We never ate at the hotel as there are plenty of cheaper options right outside the hotel, we generally went to the coffee shop located in the stores within the hotel complex. The worst aspect of the hotel from our point of view was the staff. They had to be the most miserable staff I have ever encountered, a surly bunch that never managed a single smile. It felt like they just had so many people to deal with everyday that they were disillusioned, there was no attempt at providing a personal touch. Like the previous reviewer, we also found the concierge service very poor.This hotel would be a good choice if you want convenience and to be near all the action, and we found it to be a reasonable price when compared to the other similar hotels. Not for you if you want some peace and quiet, with some relaxation by the pool or beach.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>dinamka
<Content>Average Hotel Pros: +Decent rooms, comfortable beds+Good location (across the street from the beach)Cons:-Horrible concierge service.At 1st night we asked for restaurant recommendations and the only suggestion she had was the sushi bar at the hotel (we didn't want sushi). When we asked for other suggestions she couldn't answer. Next day we asked another concierge for recommendations and she suggested the same sushi place at Marriott. After that we asked her for directions to a place recommended by someone else and she sent us to the opposite side of Waikiki-Lack of ambiance ( noisy, older crowd in Hawaiian shirts)-small pool (but who needs it if the beach is across the street?:)This hotel is ok if you're looking for a place to sleep. Keep in mind that you have to do all the research by yourself. In case if you're looking for a 4* service, stay somewhere else, this is not a luxurious hotel. This hotel has 3* rooms but 1* service.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Sanosuke
<Content>Another appreciative hotel!       Beautiful view from bed in the room!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>susanyang123
<Content>A pretty good hotel       A pigeon on our balcony  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mac34
<Content>Hard to see as 'resort' hotel This is not what I'd call a resort hotel. Description says xx beautifully landscaped acres -- I didn't see any. It is indeed right across the street from Waikiki Beach, but there's no real relationship with the hotel and the beach -- fight the traffic in the street out front and join the crowd. Arrived at 8P with a reservation, but took 20 minutes to get a room and there were no others in line. Finally got upgraded to a very nice ocean view room.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	2	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>NoMarriottWaikiki
<Content>DONotStayhere I booked the one with ocean view-$350/nightThey gave me half(or less) ocean view which is not really a great view. problems-1.The building is smokefree but people still smoke on their units so I couldn't open the balcony door or stayed on balcony for too long.2. It is very hard to see ocean from the room, I had to step outside to see ocean. I am surprised that they list it as ocean view and charge you $3503. very noise-from outside street and other rooms4. made sure to check your bill. I stayed there for 8 nights and they told me that I only needed to pay $25 per day for parking with mulitple entries. It ended up as 16 charges for parkings (16X $25) Plus a valid parking. (the garage was full on the first night so I was told to go valid with same self parking rate$25)I had to go back to and negociate with them. Great that a lady removed those charges but her attitude was not really friendly tho!5. wait for 30+ minutes to check in6. Poor collage girls were stuck in elevator one night.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	1	2	2	

<Author>weehawks
<Content>Great location, excellent service! We went there for the beginning of our honeymoon and had a fantastic time. Check in was swift and they were able to accommodate our early check in request. Since we are Platinum members and on our honeymoon, they upgraded us to a Ocean View, double balcony on the 32nd floor. The room was a decent size with an extra seating area.Pros:The location is excellent. You can go to the beach right across the street or take one of the many buses that go through the island.The concierge was very helpful in renting a car for the day and they also have a Hertz on site. You definitely do not need a car since there is public transportation, but on other islands, you do. We rented a car for a day to go to Hanauma Bay (absolutely gorgeous!), but a lot of the coral looked dead so there wasn鈥檛 a swarm of fish as I expected. Got to swim with a turtle though and there are octopus in the water.The hotel is huge - about the size of a NY city block. The pools are outdoors and heated and it was nice swimming in the evening when it was empty. They have mini marts (called ABC stores) everyone and there is a rather big on in the hotel.Service was excellent. Truly everyone was hospitable and warm.Lots of eateries within walking distance and there is a fridge in the room if you don't want to go out for every meal. The hotel faces the beach and is along a lot of high end shops, as well as local outdoor shops. All the outdoor vendors pretty much sell the same thing (bathing suits, souvenirs, leis, sarongs鈥tc) and if you are making a multi-island stop, buy it here as it is the cheaper than in Maui or the Big Island. I regretted not buying bathing suits while I was there.Weather was perfect every day!!I had no noise problems like someone else mentioned in their post. Maybe because I was on a higher floor? Cons:Being on a high floor meant sometimes waiting for the elevator. There was a conference during two of the days we were there so sometimes there was a wait and the elevator was crowded. A very, very small inconvenience.There is a daily resort fee.All in all, great experience, the location was fantastic and we were very happy with our experience.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travelgurukatsmith
<Content>Traveler BEWARE!!! It's not what you paid for!!!!! My family recently stayed at this hotel. Although the location was good, located across the street from Waikiki Beach, the hotel itself is barely 3-stars. The rooms are EXTREMELY small (not recomended if there are more than two of you in your party) and the hotel is very old. You can hear everything through the paper thin walls, including, each time someone flushed the toliet, open the sliding door to the balcony, or the VERY loud music that plays *every* night at the restauraunt next door until 10pm on weekdays, and 1am on the weekend. I would NEVER stay at this hotel again. It is toally overpriced ($8 for a small bowl of soup) and the rooms are really crap.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>joel76
<Content>Back again and still great I stayed here in September 2006 and came back again. The rooms are excellent very comfortable and spotlessly clean. It is situated at the far end of the torch lighting and therefore you can sit on your balcony and watch the runner come from the otherside of Waikiki lighting the torches as he goes. We ate at the steakhouse in the hotel which was good and the pool bar was very reasonable for lunch. We went next door a few times to the Aston Waikiki beach and ate and drank in the tiki bar. The food was execllent value in the bar expecially the MahiMahi.Definitely pay for an ocean view just for the sunsets!We went on a Hummer tour of film and TV locations on Oahu (Boyfriend is a big Magnum PI fan he was bit disappointed as big focus is Lost!) The tour was really good as it was very small numbers so was highly personalised. Also went snorkelling at Hanamau bay which was excellent and some of the best I have done outside of Australia.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Deirdreanne
<Content>Really enjoyed the Marriott Waikiki! I have to say I am a big Marriott fan and have never really been dissapointed with my stays. The Marriott Waikiki lived up to it's standards. We were upgraded to a double balcony Waikiki and Diamond Head view on the 32nd floor. What a spectular view and the room was lovely!When we checked in the staff was extremely helpful and very professional. The beaches are across the street but that was no problem for us. It's located in a great location nearby everything and close to Diamond Head. I would definitely stay here again!Aloha!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Thelambs
<Content>Great stay We had a lovely stay at the Marriott Waikiki Beach in May of this year, following a crusie of the islands with NCL. THe room was large and clean with a fridge which we were able to use for our own groceries. We had a partial ocean view, with a fab balcony that was always peaceful as no one else seemed to use theirs.The concierge was great, and booked us a shuttle to Pearl Harbour which collected us from right outside the hotel. They also arranged our airport transfer with the same, well priced reliable company.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lovebossa
<Content>Great price, Great service! My mother and I stayed at this hotel for 6 days. We love Hawai'i, and we stayed at different hotels in Oahu (Halekulani, Hilton, Hyatt, Moana Surf Rider, Sheraton) but Marriott Waikiki is still our favorite. We stayed at Ocean Front room (corner room facing the ocean at two sides) at Kealohiliani Tower (the one closer to beach). The room was renovated recently and did not see any old piece of furniture as described in some of the previous reviews. The room was appointed with red and green and it was more spacious than other hotels around the same (or even a bit higher) level. You can check the view of the renovated room on Marriott Waikiki website. One thing I loved most about the room was the view! It had one window on one side and also balcony on the other side. It was nice to see sunrise from the bed, and go to balcony to see early-morning rainbow above Royal Hawaiian.Bathroom was also good! It was very luminous which complimented my skin and had two big sinks. Also there was a separate shower room. And it was always filled with soooo many towels which made us go to the hotel pool and beach all the time. Yes, pool was nice, too. It is simple but it was nicely appointed with comfortable lounge chairs. You can also borrow their towels at pool side, too. We enjoyed reasonably priced breakfast at Italian restaurant. I have to admit that they didn't have the luxury that Halekulani has but their food was great and the staffs were very helpful. It seemed that they are trained to treat each customer individually - they remember you and such small talk made me feel special. I saw some people complaining about the distance to the center of Downtown but it's not far at all! Just enjoy walking two more blocks in sunshine. Really, if you have a budget to spend for the same/higher-ranked hotel with smaller rooms, I recommend staying at this room at Marriott.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>1ST4FIRSTCLASS
<Content>Bloody stay! This hotel is in a good location of the city, located more towards the Diamond Head side of Waikiki. Everyone was friendly from the valet, front desk and room service. Rooms are well appointed, and a little small but nice. The one problem I ran into was, I had blood on my pillow case! The next day after they changed the room they replaced the pillow case with a different casing, and can you believe this case had a different blood stain on it! Besides this, we both had sore backs when we woke up. So, I pulled up the mattress sheets and down padding and found one worn out mattress. The manager was nice enough to adjust the parking fee of $60 for two days, $80 room upgrade, and a $35 room service charge.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>hawkeyelady
<Content>Wonderful Hotel For our first time in Hawaii this hotel was absolutely fabulous! Beautiful view if you have an ocean view room. The pool was warm and very relaxing. The beds are your typical Marriott quality, exremely comfortable. The lanais were great! The service was impeccable!! When we checked in, there was a long wait, but once we spoke to the attendant at the front desk he was incredibly accomodating! The bartender at the pool was also very nice and had some great advice for our first time in the area! This hotel is within walking distance to most places on Waikiki Beach. We stayed at the North Shore for the rest of our trip and the resort there did not even compare to this wonderful Marriott. Note for first-timers in Hawaii - if you prefer to be where the action is - stay in Waikiki, if you want total relaxation with not much else to do, stay at the North Shore. It's definitely a personal preference.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GourmetTravel888
<Content>Fantastic hotel       Amazing view from our room  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Navy_Lady
<Content>Wonderful Waikiki Experience       Looking down onto 1 of 2 pools at Marriott, on left side  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yummychunk
<Content>Wonderful Stay!! We were at the Marriott Waikiki for 9 nights, and have absolutely no complaints!!! The staff was wonderful in every area of the hotel, and did their utmost to make sure we had everything we needed. We were upgraded to an OV room, with a breathtaking view of the ocean, and wonderful sunsets every evening, the room was kept immaculate with plenty of towels and amenities. Everything was kept in good condition. BTW, we were in the older P tower, which is closer to the reservation desk and main lobby. It was definitely a great hotel and worth every penny! Can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lambertlnl
<Content>Way too expensive for the room We stayed for 4 nights in an ocean view room and for the money, it was not worth what we got. Although clean and well appointed, we had a view of the street, a roof, and if you went directly to the railing, you could see a part of the ocean. There are better hotels with fantastic views at half the price...we moved to the Park Shore and had breathtaking views of the mountain, pool and a large part of the ocean. Staying at the Marriott was not worth it...felt like we were paying for the overpriced stores built into the lobby.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>Military_Traveler11
<Content>Just Fine Stayed at the per diem price of $177, so I can't complain about the price. The hotel is just fine. The garage is tight, the rooms are pleasant enough, and the staff is friendly. There are good places to eat and visit nearby, and the beach across the street is good too. The buffet is $26 per person for breakfast. Yikes! Otherwise, not a bad choice for Waikiki.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>TravelTeacher215
<Content>Good enough We started our honeymoon here before our cruise. FYI, if you are doing the cruise on either end of the stay, book the hotel through NCL and they will take your bags for you. Otherwise, the NCL office in the lobby will not give a care about you.The hotel was confusing, not signs as to where to go for check in from the shuttle and no one waiting to take our bags. The check in was great, the woman was very nice, our room was in the front tower close to the beach. The view was amazing, in fact, I preferred the balcony view of the beach to the actual beach.They have obviously tried to update the hotel, there are big screen TV's in the rooms and the bathrooms have newer sinks. It is odd what they chose to neglect, like old vents that still have rust. The room was comfortable and the beds were nice.The breakfast buffet was included, it was a nice breakfast, but not worth the $22 price tag if not included.The hotel is across the street from the beach. You are at the end of Waikiki and close to the zoo and Diamond Head. They beach was dirty and kind of sketchy. People actually live in tents n the beach or just have all of their things in a cart or something there. I was not haggled for money, but it just did not feel safe.You will have to walk a bit for a meal, the POSH area is about 6 blocks up the road. Do not walk towards Diamond Head to eat, walk the other way. They have the normal chain stuff. There are many sushi places along the main drag, too. Don't waste your time eating in the hotel, there are many choices if you do not mind the walk.The pool is okay, nothing special, but will suffice. My suggestion is rent a car and go to a better beach than Waikiki.They have a hospitality room. FYI - you share it, so it is weird to go in alone because only the shower area locks and you have to leave all of your stuff in the common area. They do not do a great job saying which sex goes where, so it is quite possible that someone will walk in on you as ANY hotel key opens the door.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>nevad
<Content>Great location, beauitiful hotel Great location, friendly staff, nice room with a great view. Our deluxe ocean room was beauitful, comfortable and afforded great views of the Hawaiian subsets.We really enjoy the atmosphere and the convience this hotel offered. Waikiki beach across the street, the zoo, aquarium and Diamond Head all within walking distance.I would recommend this hotel for anyone, couple, families etc.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sydmum
<Content>Great place to spend a week in the sun My husband and I just spent 8 days at the Marriot in Waikiki for some rest and relaxation.Check in was fine the lady who helped us was very friendly and explained where everything was.Our room was on the 31st floor which was great. We had a great view of Diamond Head and the beach. There are 2 towers in this hotel and we were in the back one. Next time I would request the front tower.Buffet breakfast was fine. Were always seated straight away and there was a good selection to choose from.Booked 2 tours thru hotel and the staff were great. Did a helicopter ride over Oahu which is a fantastic way to see all the island. Also did the surf lessons thru the hotel. Have to thank Derek who had me up riding the waves on my 2nd attempt. Was alot of fun.There are 2 restaurants in the hotel one is a sushi bar and the other a steakhouse. Would recommend both. Went back to sushi bar a second time as it was fantastic!! Italian restaurant on the ground floor was also a good place to get a good meal.Spent time at both pools, and they come around and you can order drinks, food etc at the bottom pool which is good when you just want to relax and have a snack etc.Would stay here again as the staff are very friendly and the hotel is located down the road from the main part of Waikiki which I think is an advantage.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mimilives
<Content>Good Location, Comfortable Marriott Rooms When: Aug 29 to Sep 1, 20083 Adults  1 TeenagerRoom 616 Kealohilani TowerPros: Great Location across Waikiki Beach, Large Rooms, Friendly StaffCons: Expensive and Inconvenient parking, below average restaurants, boring pool bar.This resort is a one city block wide. it is divided into the Paoakaolani and Kealohilani Towers, with the K tower closest to Waikiki Beach. If you valet park, expect to pay $29 a day and walk far, if your staying in the K Tower. In my opinion Sansei  DK Steakhouse are overrated and overhyped restaurants. Try Mac 24/7 across the street, at the Hilton Prince Kuhio.SGS Pearlridge, HI. (090908)  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>breoni
<Content>Great location       The ocean view from our balcony.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Anon_Texas
<Content>I would not stay here again. Stayed here 4 days in August 2008 in an ocean front room on the 17th floor. The location was right across the street from Waikiki beach and I even fed the fish right there on the beach. Be sure to bring breadcrumbs to feed the fish. Actually, most of the major hotels on Waikiki are on the same stretch of beach. Location is really not an issue on Waikiki beach itself. Upon arriving by chartered bus/group bus, as other reviewers have noted, you will be dropped off in the back of the hotel. There were no hotel personnel to help with luggage when we arrived. We did not have too much luggage and this was not an issue for us.The Waikiki Marriott itself was average at best. Our room had a good view but the sink was cracked and the bathroom was old. There were spots on the carpet and a visible patch on the wall. I did mention the obvious issues to a manager the morning after arrival but did not request a room change since we were rarely in the room and had unpacked. Naturally, staying ocean front is always expensive and we did pay a premium for the view. The view itself was very good but the room left a lot to be desired. Everything in the room pointed to cost savings. There were no robes, crusty coffee maker, sparse towels and few hangers created the impression that anything not bolted down was cut out to save expenses. One would expect more in a room that cost US$300 - US$350 per night. Apart from the room, the personnel were excellent and the on-site sushi restaurant was quite good. However, I would not stay at the Waikiki Marriott again in lieu of the vast number of other hotels within a block of each other, for the price. Regardless, based on every beach-based hotel I鈥檝e stayed in over the last 20 years (Miami, Clearwater, Sydney, Maui, Cancun), the Waikiki Marriott had some of the worst rooms for the price. Since I have not stayed at other hotels in the area, I cannot recommend an alternative. There is a valid reason though as to why this hotel is not in the top 10 hotels for Waikiki on TripAdvisor. Wish I had listened to the other reviews and stayed elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	5	3	5	2	

<Author>andydufrene
<Content>Great Location, Nice Room Great View I spent three nights here as part of my Honeymoon prior to embarking on a cruise.I chose this hotel based on my travel agent's recomendation and my status with Marriott. I had innitially reserved a cityview king room however on arrival I was informed I had been upgraded to a ocean view double. ie. 2 double beds, on my honeymoon.I was quite disappointed as understandibly the bedding was more important than the view on this trip. The Manager's innitial reaction was that they could not assist me if they wanted to becaus ethe hotel was at full occupancy (a bold faced lie). After a few minutes of debating and deflating her doubletalk and finally advising her of my elite status the hotel just happend to instantly have a vacancy.We ended up with a newly renovated, upgraded room with a great view. We loved the hotel and the location right in the heart of Waikiki was great.The hotel was clean and had many shops and a lovely pool, Unfortunately amongst the 5 restaraunts, the hotel lacked a breakfast coffee shop.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>Rhine-and-Roses
<Content>Nice Hotel, Noisy Area I spent a week at the Marriott Waikiki on a business trip. My room was clean, spacious, and attractive. I had a standard room, with a view that was disappointing at first glance. However once out on the balcony, I had a view of both the ocean and Diamond Head, although Diamond Head was a partial view through the two buildings across the street.I liked the tropical ambiance the lined and tied back draperies added.My bathroom was immaculate, with toiletries replenished daily. Housekeeping was excellent- I think her name was Carmelita. I would hire her to take care of my home! Front desk was efficient and friendly. I never had to wait in line. The hotel did cash a few checks for me- not sure if they do it for all guests or because I am a Rewards member.The pools were both nice. The P Tower pool was never crowded.The meeting rooms were adequate, but cold.We had catered meals and I thought they were excellent- lots and lots of fresh fruit and vegetables, with everything cooked well- not overcooked as you often find in catered hotel food. There were several choices for each meal, with fish being available for almost every meal. We also used the coffee bar available in the lounge- the coffee was way better than Starbuck's, in my opinion. The Japanese restaurant (on premises) with sushi was excellent.I do have to say I hated all the noise in Waikiki. I was on the 6th floor and asked for a higher floor since I couldn't really use my balcony for the noise, and I was having trouble sleeping with car alarms, etc all night long. They offered me a room on the 31st floor with a fabulous view on the quiet side of the hotel (facing the church) but when I went on the balcony, the street noise was still present, still loud, although not quite as loud. I realize the noise is out of the control of the hotel, but it was disappointing not to be able to use my balcony without ear plugs. All in all, I though this was a great hotel- so much in it, so close to Waikiki Beach and all the activities. However, I would probably not choose to go back because of the noise level. After my meeting I moved to the Hilton Hawaiian Village. See my review.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mauzay
<Content>Fantastic! This hotel is perfect! Great location, beautiful rooms, outstanding service, We we're so thrilled with the experience here. Our package included a free daily breakfast and it was awesome. All tours pick up here, so it is very convenient. There are plenty of safe places to walk.We would recommend this property wholeheartedly!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smorrow66
<Content>Alot of contradictions! Third stop in the Islands after stops in Maui and Big Island. First the hotel itself - nice hotel, parking is a challenge and they charge you $24 a day to struggle with this very narrow parking garage. rip off! The breakfast buffett was okay, but they did something very smart. Waikiki is full of Japanese tourists and the restaraunt put the Japanese breakfast favorites on their own table, with labels in Japanese. Our room was very nice with two balconies. However, we had a large screen TV - it was High Def - but fuzzy channels. Why bother? Honolulu itself was a huge let down. First - Waikiki beach is beautiful and right across the street, but it is covered with homeless people. We saw a homeless man peeing right in the middle of the major thoroughfare. Some were quiet and minded their own business and others made everyone very uncomfortable. These people are clearly mentally ill and need help and Honolulu does nothing. Traffic is terrible there. You can see the highway, but they hide the on-ramps. Also - they dont really believe in road signs either, because we would miss exits since they gave no indication that these exits were upcoming. The best meals were found at the Ala Mauna mall. Went to Hawaii and had to go to the mall to get a decently priced meal!Pearl Harbor was good, but you are better off watching something about the Arizona on the History Channel. We went to the Missouri, which was awesome and you can see the Arizona easily from the decks of the Mo. However, at noon, we were told the Arizona trips were full for the day. Seems you have to get your free tickets very early in the morning. Get out of Honolulu and go to the North Shore. Amazing scenery  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Hamadeh
<Content>Nice It was a nice hotel from our side of the tower. We stayed at the suite tower floor was 17 I believe, beautiful views of the beach and the mountain. It was a nice experience nothing special. The hotel was across the street from the beach which became a hassle if you wanted to go there, but it was doable. The concierge staff was outstanding we did so many activities through his suggestions. All in all it was a nice hotel nothing fancy, nothing horrible about it, they did have a great breakfast buffet though, which I suggest but might be pricey. It's an above average hotel from our tower, but I heard the tower in the back is more like a 2 star.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>cinderellieus
<Content>perfect romantic and courteous My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a week during work and play. The employees were very courteous and promptly took care of me when my keycard wouldn't work, or we just had a question. The valet parkers were always on their toes and very polite to everyone. Our room was cleaned beautifully everyday and the bed was very comfortable. This was a perfect stay for my first time in Hawaii. I would love to go again very soon.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mauiwrestlinggurl
<Content>good hotel im very fond of marriott hotels and this hotel in no exception. Except for one fact my check in experience was not soo good as was any experience with the front desk agents. They always seemed to have an additude and be rude when asked simple questions almost as if we were bothering them with silly questions. first time i stayed there had a wonderful experience and was hoping for the same the second time around but was dissapointed with the additude we recieved..  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	5	5	1	-1	-1	

<Author>tstr
<Content>Great Place to Stay on Waikiki Beach Stayed for 3 nights over the 4th of July weekend and had a great stay. Booked Oahu-Maui package through Pleasant Holidays. Requested an upper level odd numbered room on an upper floor at the advice of those on this site and it was great. View from the Lanai was spectacular for the fireworks. Even numbered rooms face Diamond Head odd the beach. Large room with flat screen TV, nice size Lanai and bathroom, very quiet and comfortable beds.Staff was very accomodating with our requests. Pool area and fitness area were nice. Nice setup with open air feel to it even though it is a large hotel. Only complaint is that those arriving by shuttle, cab. etc. are dropped off at an entrance pretty far from the main desk and the porters are located at the front desk so you have to haul your luggage to there. After carrying it that far I was not about to have them take it to the elevator.Breakfast was included in our package and was good but not worth the $26 price tag. Hed dinner at Sansei restaurant at the hotel it was excellent!!! Early bird special at 25% off a good deal. They also have a late nite special 50% off.One other feature I liked was being able to rent car from Hertz on site. Picked it up at 7:00am and returned it whenever I wanted before 7:00am the next morning (drop off box). Paid $60 for the day for full size but asked for and received a convertible instead.Glad to answer any questions  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pacificbutterfly
<Content>Wonderful hotel, we loved it!       Sunset from balcony  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YourPalPete
<Content>A Good Value for the Money I've stayed in this hotel three times. Once, I was in the tower farther away from the beach, and twice I was in the tower closer to the beach. I got a partial ocean view room when I was in the tower closer to the beach. I enjoyed the views a lot, particularly early in the morning and late at night. The rooms are not luxurious, but they are very nice---perfectly comfortable and pleasant. The hotel restaurants are OK, but not at all exciting; however, there are many eating establishments within walking distance. This hotel is certainly not in the same category as, say, the Royal Hawaii or the nearby Moana Surfrider, but I found this to be a very good value for my money. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>muybonita1125
<Content>Bed Bugs At The Marriott!!! In may of 2008 my boyfriend and took a nice vacation to honolulu and stayed at the Waikiki Beach Marriott Resort and Spa. We had a wonderful time and the hotel was beautiful. However, we noticed a few small bites on our back and arms when we woke up one morning. We didn't think much of it at first. We just assumed that they were mosquito bites. But every night that we stayed there we were waking up with these small bites in different places on our bodies. When we got back home and unpacked I noticed a bug in my suitcase. I killed it immediately! And once again I didn't think much of it. After a few nights of sleeping in our own bed I noticed that we were still getting these bites all over. I saw my physician and he said that they were bed bug bites. I was very disgusted and upset. Because now this meant that I have brought these bugs from the hotel into my home. And now after spending hundreds of dollars on exterminators and pest control I have decided to write a review on this hotel so that others may know what really lies beneath all the beauty!!!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	1	5	4	2	

<Author>teddyzKatyTx
<Content>great value,great room       sun setting on waikiki beach  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eam149
<Content>Fine for a couple of days We stayed in Waikiki for two nights on the way to the Big Island. We didn't want to splurge here since it was such a quick visit. We did not expect very much from this hotel, so we were not disappointed- it was totally adequate, but not much more than that. The hotel has two towers- we were in the one further away from the beach, which is not that big of a deal, but since the hotel is really big, it was kind of a long walk each time we left the building. The beach near the hotel is across the street, and really is not the best part of the beach. There were homeless people there each morning, and the hotel does not have any presence on the beach- no where to sit, get towels...the Westin and the Outrigger were no comparison as far as beach scenes.We did not visit the pool area, but it was pretty unexciting and kind of empty. We ate at ths sushi restaurant which had a great review in Fodors, but was not all that great- more like average food.The room was nice- we had a partial ocean view from the balcony. The bathroom was small but clean. The bed was really comfortable.I would recommend this hotel to people who are looking for a place to crash, especially if they can get a good rate. If you are looking for a hotel to be part of an excellent Hawaiian experience, you will probably be disappointed. We probably spent 10 minutes at the hotel besides when we slept.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>NJBrit
<Content>This was a christmas present to my mother - the hotel let it down Check in was OK, bedroom terrible, it was dirty and I rolled to the center of the bed. Went to complain about both problems and the fact I had paid for a partial view of the ocean and had to look between two hotels to see the ocean. I ended up paying extra money each night to get a room with a decent view. Also the bed was ok the room was a little cleaner as it had just been refurbished. After a few nights oil came thru the plug hole, I called cleaning again, also dust all over the lamps and over the top of the bed. I reported all of this, and will be writing to the hotel. If you want shade at this hotel you also have to pay for it $15 for a gazebo otherwise you are in direct sun. Towels are plentiful. The resturants are expensive too, they automatically add gratutiy to the check, presume thats to make sure they get a tip! Also the spa they add gratututy there too. Looked around Waikiki there are much nicer hotels - stay at them!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>mrselett
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay As part of a special annivesary, we booked the Waikiki Marriott with rewards points. We booked a standard city view with a queen sized bed and upon arrival were upgraded to a partial oceanview king, which was quite large. It has a desk area, chair, closet, refrigerator, a large balcony with two chairs and a chaise. The Marriott appears to be recently remodeled but the furniture is not modern, it's more of a throwback tribute to old Hawaii. We still enjoyed it though.The customer service was great. Again, we had the upgrade. I'm not sure if it's because of my marriott rewards status or the annivesary or both. They also gave us free drink tickets as a congratulations. The pools are rather small and not very impressive, but you've got the beach right across the street. We had a wonderful dinner at the steakhouse there at the hotel. We enjoyed a very generous buffet with everything from crab legs to lamb at another restaurant at the hotel. And we dined poolside. Don't get the pizza! My husband didn't like it and they gave him another meal for free and didn't charge him for the pizza.We had wonderful massages at the spa. The gym is a good size. We planned to use it but caught vacation fever. :-) The hotel is near the end of Waikiki headed toward Diamond Head so there wasn't as much hustle and bustle as mid-Waikiki. It was still busy though. Waikiki isn't one of those rest and relaxation type places. The Marriott is large, not an intimate boutique type hotel. You don't need a car the entire time you're there. You can do a lot of walking, catch the buy or the trolley do get around Waikiki. We rented a car for two days to see other parts of the island. Parking isn't cheap, about $26 per night but you do have in and out priviledges. They program your room key to get in and out of the garage. It was quite convenient.But we really enjoyed our stay. The beds were nice and comfortable. We're big Marriott fans and ended up buying a time share at Ko Olina.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>parrotfish07
<Content>Nice stay at the Marriott       our room  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>ChicagoJerry1379
<Content>Recommendation: Look Elsewhere for Special Occasions My wife and I stayed at this hotel on two separate occasions from 5/30-6/2 and the night of 6/6. We were not impressed by the hotel at all. The check-in experience both times were slow and the upgrade I was given as a Platinum marriott rewards member with over 130 marriott nights last year was not acceptable. They did indicate that I got upgraded to an executive room, but it was in fact just a two balcony partial ocean / city view room. They were able to bring the price down to the elite rate, but their policy is to give you an upgrade to Platinum members at all costs. This Marriott did not have a Concierge Lounge, even though I had been told they had one. he concierge people at the hotel are very poor. One lady recommend a restaurant that she indicated was a short walking distance away but it was at least a half mile away and not a place you would walk through at night (towards diamond head).The hotel is close to shopping and dining, but this is not really a perk as all the hotels are close to dining, and in fact, the marriott is actually a bit away from all the other areas and finer dining and shopping. I could go on an on about the poor service at the pool-side bar, the non-helpful concierge, the slow and unfriendly check-in personel but I don't have the time. Do your self a favor and spend the extra $50-100 a night and stay a a much better place that has a nice restaurant, better pools, better rooms, friendly staff with a better concierge. Stay away at this hotel at all costs. This is coming from someone who was a diehard of marriott and was a loyal follower. There is something wrong with the management of this hotel and they do not cater to their guests. My suspicion is that they don't make there money on repeat business and they do marriott vacations and tours and nothing else. The only good thing I can say about the hotel were the bell hops and valet guys, they were helpful in gettting cabs, telling me how to get diamond head, etc.One last thing, I have stayed at other Marriotts in the US and in Europe and this hotel did not match their standards. I have seen other people accustomed to Marriott state this as well on this hotel, so don't expect much from this Marriott.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>ladya272
<Content>loved this resort Great location, great service and beautiful resort. Hotel is located right across the street from the beach. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel to take you all around oahu for $2.00. You can book all of your excursions through the hotel and they can arrange all the transportation so you will be picked up from there. There are about three restaurants that are good but slightly expensive but you are in walking distance from a lot of great restaurants. Diamond head, pearl harbor and the polynesian cultural center should be on everyones must to do list. You dont need a car if you plan to stay in Honolulu but is you do get a rental the north shore is great for surfing and snorkeling. I have no complaints to make about this resort. The beds are extremely comfortable and check in/check out was quick and painless.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sypin
<Content>A wonderful resort       Waikiki Beach across the Marriott  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>anne777
<Content>Okay hotel, a little too far away I stayed at the Marriott Waikiki for 9 nights with my husband and adult son. We booked a corner ocean view room to ensure having extra space for 3 adults.The room was of a good size, but only had 2 double beds instead of the 2 queen beds the site advertised.The bathroom was tiny for a 4 star hotel room. The shower is over the bathtub but it had good water pressure and an easy to operate tap system. The toilet and bath are seperated from the vanity basin area by a door. The vanity is a single sink with ample bench space but the whole concept could certainly benefit from modernisation.Cupboard space was very limited with several of the drawers under the tv unit being so shallow as to be useless.Housekeeping always did a great job of cleaning the room and were very flexible in waiting for us to leave the room at our leisure.The hotel is very large, so we were quite disappointed with the tiny pool. It is definitely not a resort pool. It is quite deep with little space to just stand and relax. With the beach just across the road, perhaps they expect guests not to be too fussed over the pool facilities.For a Marriott hotel, it did not really meet our expectations. We have stayed in Marriotts in Asia many times, and there is no comparison when you compare the service and the facilities of the Asian hotels.The Waikiki staff were polite and courteous but not overly welcoming or helpful.We felt that the location of the hotel was just too far away from the centre of the tourist strip, so it involved quite a bit of walking, which became a bit tiresome with a lot of shopping bags etc, especially after a week or so. We thought the Moana Surfrider Hotel looked very elegant and had a central location, so we will probably stay there next time, even though we will miss out on earning points with the Marriott rewards scheme.To summarize, a good hotel but we think the location is a little too far out and the pool size is a definite disappointment.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>KimmyMassachusetts
<Content>Much better than I thought After reading some of the reviews on this hotel I was a little skeptical about what we were going to find. I asked for a room in the renovated tower and it was perfectly fine. Ok...the toilet/shower enclosure is a little small but it was clean and functional. We had a view of Diamond Head and if we looked a little to the right we could see Waikiki. The bed was the most comfortable we encountered in Hawaii and we slept great every night.Check in went smoothly although I could understand some people were upset when they came in on a bus and waited 40 minutes for check in. We didn't have any problems with the front desk or the concierge.We ate most of our meals at the Kuhio grill and despite the complaints of some people about its location or quality of food, we found it to have very decent, even good food, with pleasant help. My husband likes over-easy eggs and omelets that are not overcooked. At most hotels these two things are difficult to get. Not so here. The cooks did a fine job. As a matter of fact, any food that we got here at the Kuhio grill was better that everything we had on the subsequent Pride of America cruise (awful) or even at the JW Marriott Ilihani that we stayed at after the cruise (overpriced and not as good).The location was perfect for being picked up for tour buses and the 2 tours we did went very smoothly. Waikiki was a bit like Disney World with its throngs of tourists crowding the sidewalks but I didn't go there for peace and quite. We wanted to get used to the time change (6 hours) and see a few things before getting on the cruise.I would stay at this hotel again.One word of advice, always watch your itemized bill at any hotel. We had a restaurant charge that didn't belong to us at this hotel, mini bar charges that didn't belong to us on the cruise and incorrect upgrade charges added to our bill at another hotel.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jerrysnj
<Content>Very nice Hotel for couples or families.       lobby of the P Tower  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mmplus
<Content>Ideal in many ways We stayed here during a conference and thoroughly enjoyed the resort. Rooms were attractive and updated in tropical motif, roomy with 2 comfortable reading chairs, and balcony was private with outstanding ocean view. Staff was friendly and helpful in making arrangements for us. The location is so convenient to anyplace you want to go in Waikiki.The only negatives would be the cost of internet service---which I think should be included in room rate when you are hosting as many conventions as are in Honolulu. Also the parking is steep as it costs more than the car rental. Although we have visited 3 of the other islands, we do love Oahu and especially this stay.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlabamaTravelers
<Content>Great Resort Hotel on Waikiki We stayed at the Marriott Waikiki for 4 nights May 10-14. The hotel property is expansive and huge. Our room, an ocean view, was nice and clean. We had a small lanai, but adequate. The hotel has many nice amenities: shops, plenty of places to sit and people watch, the 2 pools, and the various room amenities as well. Our package included the breakfast buffett which was fabulous. We never encountered a surly employee at this hotel. Every employee spoke. In fact, 2 of the staff at the restaurant where we ate the breakfast buffet each day, learned our names by day 2. If you have been to other of the Hawaiian islands, you know that Ohau is mostly a concrete jungle. The Marriott Waikiki has done a good job of landscaping, flowers and greenery among the jungle. The hotel is in walking distance to hundreds of shops and restaurants along Waikiki Beach.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Saysum
<Content>Great Family Hotel in, nice access to Family friendly things... Hello, the family and I (2 kids- 3 y/o and 2y/o) spent a week at this hotel during a big conference. I really enjoyed this hotel and will outline the details for you.Overview: This is a very big hotel located at the far end of Waikiki. It is composed of 2 big towers. The hotel has some nice restaurants and shops.Location: I liked the location even though it was exactly in the middle of Waikiki. You have easy access to Highway 1. It is very close to the Zoo, the beach, and the international marketplace. The downside was that it was across town from the Convention center (where meeting was held). People also don't like the fact that it is across the street from the beach. To be honest, we really never went to Waikiki Beach. We found a way better beach (see tip).Price: My company paid for this trip so I was really never concerned about the cost. We got a 2 double beds for $259 a night.Service: I really liked the service. Everyone was friendly (maybe just a hawaii thing). We asked for a crib and microwave and it was both delivered to our room in a timely fashion. Housekeeping was always quick to bring up more towels as needed.Room: The room was a fairly size one. I would have preferred 2 queens but they only had 2 doubles. There was a soft comfy chair with a chaise in the room as well. The room comes with a fridge and beautiful LCD TV. The beds were comfy and the showers had great water pressure. We had a nice ocean view from our balcony. Some people complained about the noise level. It was definitely not absent, but was bearable (we were on the 19th floor).Ammenities: WiFi was $12.95 a day. There were 2 pools. I think this was one of their weak points. I was hoping for a bigger, family friendly pool area. But the pool for this size of a hotel was disappointing. There were plenty of pool towels and they really didn't check to see how many you took. In the morning, we would load up on towels and just returned it at the end of the day. There were 2 ABC stores which made things convenient. Parking cost $24 for self and $29 for valet. My biggest tip would be to park across the street at Waikiki Banyan Tree for $50 a week. There was nightly entertainment next to the pool.All in all, we had a great time at this hotel and would definately stay here again. If you are looking to stay right on the beach, this hotel is not for you. It is not over the top fancy, but very nice.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HawaiiGirl_8
<Content>Great Location, Outdated Rooms We had read the reviews about the Waikiki Beach Marriott Resort  Spa so were prepared for the rooms to be a bit outdated. The property is lovely and the pools were awesome. They were maintained well and we never had a problem getting drink service or chairs. It was also nice that you could sign out towels for the beach. We stayed in the K Tower and the rooms were a bit dissapointing for a Marriott. The bathroom was very worn out and the shower tub was pretty gross. The furniture in the room was also outdated. The beds and the bed linens were great. We did not ask for a different room because we were busy the whole time and got a great military discount. The location was great because it was quiet yet we could still walk everywhere. We went to Lulu's for breakfast every morning. You have to have the stuffed french toast.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	4	5	5	1	

<Author>joetopps
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Fantastic Location My wife and I flew to Hawaii from the UK for a quick 6 night stay and I must say this hotel made it feel like we had been relaxing in Waikiki for a lot longer than that. We got a fantastic discount rate of $159 for a city view room but when we arrived at the hotel around midnight following a 4 hour delay in LA we were delighted to be given an upgrade (without any prompting from ourselves) to a Deluxe Ocean View room.The room was fabulous, the view was amazing and we found every single member of staff we came across could not do enough to make sure everything was OK.We will definately be back and I would recommend this Hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mrs.LTD
<Content>Wonderful Resort! We stayed at the Waikiki Marriott from April 17th-April 21st. We had an executive suite on the 24th floor, with a city view. Hotel - The hotel was so clean and such a pleasant place to be. They have two pools and one really hot hot tub on the 3rd floor. Plenty of towels that you could take to the pool or beach with you. There is a bar next to the pool that plays live music every night, and the view is great. There is a laundry room on the 3rd floor also, that was really nice for washing clothes before returning home. The lobby is beautiful, and there are many shops on the main level of the hotel, with an ABC store (like a Walgreens minus the pharmacy) to buy anything you may have forgotten, or suveniors for very reasonable prices. The resort is right across from the beach, and has everything from umbrella to long board rentals. The water also has a wall that breaks waves, so it is a perfect spot if you are bringing kids. But, right down the beach is a great spot for surfing, boogie boarding ect with tons of waves.Room - The room was fantastic. Recently renovated and very hip/chic. Huge, soft bed with 9 pillows, a pull out couch, flat screen TV, mini kitchen area with a refridgerator and sink and two nice lanais. Full length mirror in the closet that is attached to the bathroom. The water pressure was great, and they had plenty of shampoo, conditioner, body wash, soap and lotion.We were in town for the Kokua festival, and it was a 5 minute walk down the street. It is in a perfect location to bars, restaurants and great shopping.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chisox05
<Content>Nice Overnight Stay My wife, teenage son and I spent one night here as a treat so that we could easily attend Jack Johnson's Kokua Festival at the Waikiki Shell. The Shell is an easy walk from the hotel. We stayed in a partial ocean view room which means that you can see the ocean while seated on the lanai, but not from inside the room. The room was very nice and everything was in good condition. The front desk staff displayed fine Aloha spirit. We tried to get a late checkout, but unfortunately they were sold out for that night. They were generous enough to let us keep our car parked there into the evening at no extra charge (It was $24/day), however, and that was a big help since parking is a premium in Waikiki.We had a great dinner at Arancino di Mare, an Italian restaurant in the hotel. I wouldn't normally recommend that visitor eat Italian food in Hawaii, but the quality of the food here would be a good choice after you've tried some of Hawaii's regional cuisine.The pool was fine with nicely padded lounge chairs, plenty of towels and poolside drink and food service. We had a little trouble flagging down a waitress for service though. Two of them walked right past us. I think they're instructed not to pester the guests for drinks which is a good policy, but they may have gone a little too low key.I was a little disappointed that you could hear traffic noise in the room. Not too loud, but bothersome when big trucks went by. We were on the 9th floor, but since you're right on Kalakaua Ave there's lots of traffic well into the night. If noise like that bothers you you may be happier somewhere like the Sheraton, Halekulani, Outrigger Reef or Hilton Hawaiian Village that are on the beach, but a block away from Kalakaua.Overall we were quite happy and we'd come back here again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>butterflyy2000
<Content>Great Hotel!!       View from Lanai room 1331  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Soon2Hawaii
<Content>Great one night stay before the cruise! My wife and I stayed at this hotel the day before the cruise to start off our honeymoon. What a way to start it out! This hotel had the most comfortable bed ever! Between the great view of Diamond Head and the beach, comfortable king size bed, flat screen tv, well decorated, very clean, great service, and location of this hotel it was a great decision to stay here! This hotel is perfect for any NCL cruisers. We checked in the day before which made it worth while the next day. We went right to the Marriott check-in line when we arrived at the port. We couldn't ask for a better hotel to stay at before our cruise. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We would stay there again next time we goto Honolulu. Thank you Marriott for a wonderful stay!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bgriffis
<Content>Best Hotel In Waikiki       Waterfall in the lobby  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tarabee111
<Content>Had a Wonderful Stay!! We stayed at the Marriott for 8 nights and had a fantastic time! Across the street from the beach and close to everything was great. We woke up to a view of Diamond Head and the ocean every morning and it doesn't get better than that! Hotel staff were nice and had no problems with service at all. The parking was pricey but convenient so no real complaints about that. Beds were comfortable, shower was good and the fridge in the room was handy. Kids loved the pool (they had a swim before bed every night). We requested a high floor so we didn't hear much street noise. The elevators do take forever which must be a common complaint there because they had notices posted about elevator upgrades starting soon. Another hotel guest and I were laughing about how you could go push the elevator button and then go shower and get ready and then maybe it would be there. We would stay here again in a heartbeat!!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lmn2
<Content>Served its purpose My husband, daughter and I just returned from our stay at The Waikiki Beach Marriott. As the title of my review suggests, this property served it's purpose. It has a wonderful location across the street from Kuhio Beach and just about any where you wanted to go eat or do in the Waikiki area was within walking distance ( a good way to burn off some of those calories). We did not encounter any noise from Resort Quest as mentioned in other reviews. The nightly entertainment was good.  What keeps this property from getting an above average rating or better is that some of the employees were barely luke warm. Our best luck with concierge was with the male concierge people, one woman in the concierge desk (the K building) could not have been more uninterested in helping with anything. My husband and I inquired about going to pearl harbor and she struggled to write down that there is a shuttle you could take. She is clearly unhappy in her job We got more info from the woman at the time share desk next to her than from G. If you want good info with good service, stick with the concierge desk next to the check-in desk. The gentlemen here were very happy to help whether it was advising us on how to best get to Diamond Head for a hike or for dinner reservations unlike the other woman at the desk in our building Speaking of checking in, we had booked an ocean view room. What we were assigned was a partial ocean view room (which the picture I took from the balcony matched the digital picture frame at the desk for this category). After what was like haggling for a car (the desk person kept going to a back room) we finally were upgraded (at our expense no less) the next day. I had even called my travel agent and was told that the reservation manager was to call me (no phone call). My husband and I figured that this was because they avoided calling us as the travel agent would have negotiated a better price for the upgrade and since there is a six hour time difference from where our travel is (EDT) and the hotel, we probably didn't get the better price. Just a point of reference, when booking a room(s) along with the better room, better view, the beds were bigger. We went from full size beds to queen size and given that husband is a big guy (~ 230 lbs) this was well worth the price for me. You wouldn't think you would have to call a hotel directly to discern the finer points of the rooms but this is what the desk person told us we needed to do in the future so as not to get in a repeat situation.A small sticking point to be aware of is that given the one way streets in Waikiki, what I found less than satisfactory is that when you are being dropped off at the hotel, you are brought in the rear entrance. Not a problem when you are coming from dinner but when you arrive after a very long day of travel from the east coast and you would like help from the bell hops, there are none on this side to help you when you arrive. They do help you when you leave though.The gym here is small given the size of the property. It is very crowded in the morning but in the afternoon (~ 4pm) no issues. The web site mentions a complimentary membership to 24 hour Fitness. They (meaning the hotel) didn't offer (including the book on the desk that tells you about services offered the hotel) and I didn't ask. This was our second trip to Oahu and we felt the service was much better at the Hyatt down the street than at the Marriott.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>travelover816
<Content>Great location and enjoyed our stay       Daytime view  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bosley60
<Content>Great Hotel!       Our Room  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>katiey424
<Content>Great stay in Waikiki! We spent a night in Waikiki on our way to the Big Island. The hotel is quite large and even has two ABC stores (similar to Walgreen's/CVS) on the poperty. Upon check-in, the front desk attendant presented us with a gift since we were celebrating a special occasion. It was a nice touch and we found the staff to be very accomodating and friendly.Our ocean-view room was spacious with a lanai that offered side views of Diamond Head and Waikiki Beach.The beach is easily accessible as are several quick-service, fast food, and sit down restaurants. There is also a Seattle's Best coffee shop downstairs where we grabbed breakfast.I had read reviews of loud music and noise but we did not hear any of this during our stay.The bed was comfortable and the shower had a detachable head. Parking is expensive but we chose valet for a few dollars more rather than seeking a spot in the self-parking lot.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KMme
<Content>Great time! We just returned yesterday from our 10-day vacation in Oahu, Maui, and Kauai. It was our first trip to Hawaii for myself, husband, and 2 kids, ages 5 and 7.We stayed at the Marriott Waikiki for 2 nights on the first leg of our trip. The room was nicely decorated and we had a view of Diamond Head and the ocean. Just a quick trip across the street to the beach. The restaurant was a bit pricey, but nothing outrageous. We had both breakfast and dinner there and the food was ok. I have read previous reports of loud music, we didn鈥檛 hear any of this at all. Our room was very quiet and I have no complaints. The lobby was very pretty and service was always excellent. It was on the Diamond Head end of Waikiki, so a bit of a walk from the shops and Marketplace and other hotels, but I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>giromondo
<Content>It's everything that's good and bad about Marriotts This is an absolute monster of a hotel - it's huge and has only a single front desk. So you may encounter lines at check-in or check-out. It's fairly nice as far as Marriotts go - but kind of sterile, dull, predictable (which isn't all bad, but if you close the curtains, you may as well be in Ohio or Kansas). i.e., they haven't done a great job of giving a local feel to the place (aside from the palm trees and orchids in the atrium). There's a fair amount of street noise if you're on the lower floors.It's not a super value - we paid $1000 for 3 nights in an ocean view room. We really enjoyed watching the spectacular sunsets from the balcony. The configuration of the hotel is L-shaped so that for the most expensive rooms, the balconies have no privacy. One way, you have a great beach view, the other way, you're looking into dozens of hotel rooms. The bed and bathroom were clean and comfortable - not super-luxe by any means.The extras add up quickly. $22/day for parking (more if you valet). $26 for the breakfast buffet (it was included in the package we booked thru Travelocity). The buffet was quite good, but there was often a 10-15 minute lineup to get in.The pool is fine - again, nothing special. Many Waikiki hotels have more interesting pools. There's a big pile of towels that you can use for the beach.We liked the location - at the Diamond Head end of the strip. There are several great restaurants on Kapahulu Ave, if you want to avoid eating in the hotel or on the strip (generally, very mediocre fare unless you're a fan of the Cheesecake Factory). Don't miss Ono Hawaiian Food (about 1/4 mile up Kapahulu) for some authentic Hawaiian food.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>taytaybug
<Content>Very nice hotel This hotel is very nice! we originally were staying at this sufin' the wave hotel or something like that so the first thing we asked the people over there was... is there a Marriott around here? because we knew that Marriott's were exceptionally fine hotels. When you get there, there is a very nice tropical type of lobby. there is a pond and greenery eveywhere...it was just beautiful. I was thinking that it was propbably to good to be true that with my luck we found a nice beautiful hotel that we could afford so i thought that the rooms would be bad. To my surprise the rooms were the best part. they had down pillows and big comfortable soft beds and sheets. we got the ocean-front view and a great flat screen tv! the restaurants were very good! (the pina colodas were amazing!) and if you like sushi, you will love all of the restaurants around waikiki beach. at night the hotel was beautiful. there was lights and the waterfalls outside, and just hearing the ocean rocking was enough for me. the only thing that was kind of a dissapointment was the pool. the pool was nice and everything, but it was just to small and pretty crowded. But then we still had the nice clear pretty ocean and beach right outside of our hotel. overall, it was a very nice trip all thanks to our beautiful hotel!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lanceralot
<Content>Old Room, Great Location, Friendly Staff Stayed at the Marriott Waikiki from Feb 17 - Feb 21. We got a two double bed room facing west (toward Diamond Head) on the 7F.Amazing partial ocean view.Pro's:Friendly staff.Great location.Big room.Good breakfast buffet at the Kuhio Beach Grill.Con's:Room was pretty old.Bathroom was small and the bathtub was extremely dirty, so dirty that we had to wear our slippers while we shower,Noisy street - all the tour buses stop on that street to pick up tourists that stay in the Marriott and the ResortQuest across the street.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	1	5	5	1	

<Author>bdvita
<Content>Medium Hotel We stayed at this hotel from Feb 8 thru 12th. The room was average. The hotel is average. One thing I would not recommend using is the concierge desk. They were not helpful in helping us find rental equipment. I complained to the Asst GM of the hotel and he apologized as he explained Marriott farms out the concierge services to pleasant hawaiian! and they are not marriott employees. That explains why the lady was unhelpful at helping us gain or return the rented equipment! She responded this is not my responsibility Nice!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	1	3	

<Author>Teacherguy
<Content>Loved our stay here. A beautiful hotel on the beach. I stayed at the Marriott Beach resort in Waikiki in January 2008 with my wife and kids. We loved it. It is located right on the main strip (accross the street from the beach). The rooms were quiet (no street noise) or party noise from any of the floors. It takes less than 10 mins to get from the room to the beach. With so many hotels in the area, it was well worth the money to have a hotel that is a quick walk from the beach.The staff were all very friendly,and very willing to answer any questions. The rooms are beautifully decorated, included flat screen tv, soft beds, duvet, and in room fridge. There is a parking garage ($20/day parking fee), which comes in handy due to the lack of public parking in the area.This resort is large, having two towers, 5 restaurants, 2 pools, a spa, etc. After a day or so, it is easy to navigate your way around the grounds.A couple of things to note. The restaurants are very expensive to eat in (breakfast buffet at the Kuhio Grill was about $35/adult). Also, the staff at the recreation counter are more than happy to make reccomendations on things to do. The problem we found was that they only refer you to certain tour companies (the ones that were the most expensive). Ask around and shop around for better deals. The ABC convenience store staff (in the lobby) gave us the scoop that only the locals know.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>QZOCK
<Content>Nice adobe       Oceanic  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>a_lee_nyc
<Content>Stuck in 1970's This hotel was built in the 1970's and seems to have been stuck there. Our room was small and the carpet was old and dirty. The bathroom was from the 70's including the tub. Our room was suppose to be cityview but it was actually courtyard view and very loud because of the band playing at night. The hotel had a laundromat (convenient for some but also quite ghetto). The buffet was a huge spread and some of the food was quite nice but the food was not shielded from flies or from gnats. Also, the hotel is not on the beachside. It is separated from the beach by a busy main street. Altho, the breakwater on the beachside is really nice and makes for a very nice shallow beach for kids.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	2	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>BigdawgChicago
<Content>Rooms Need Renovation!! This was my fourth time at the hotel and the most disappointing. When I stayed here two months ago I booked only a city view room because I was there just three nights and didn't want to pay extra for a better view. I was in room 2452 in the P tower which was a corner room with two lanai, one facing Diamond Head and the other facing the ocean, albeit a couple of blocks away. The views were very nice and the room was freshly renovated and spacious. When I returned with my wife in January I paid the extra $50 a night to be in the K tower to get a partial ocean view and had a decent view of Waikiki Beach and the ocean. The problem was the room, and all others on the floor, are sadly in need of renovation. The furniture and carperting were worn and outdated, the lamp shades were faded and the light was totally inadequate, the desk chair was not suited for desk work and the the bathroom was not only the size of a small closet but also needed renovation. So the room I paid an extra $50 a night for paled in comparison to the cheaper room. Makes sense huh?Not to mention that if you read other reviews of the hotel you will see that guests are upgraded to the K trower for no additional cost which the hotel did not do for me despite knowing it was my fourth stay and I was a Silver Rewards customer. If you get a renovated room the hotel is worth it, if you get a room like I had you will be disappointed. Also, the pool has to be one of the worst at any Marriott resort hotel so if you are looking to spend a lot of time at the pool, do not stay here. The breakfast buffet, which I have had in the past, is good but for the $22 they charge you should walk on by and go down a block to Lulu's for a good view of the ocean and decent food. Or walk a few blocks up Kuhio street to Perry's Smorgyi where you can have the breakfast buffet for $7.95 with a dollar off if you use their coupon in one of the tourist brochures and no tip because there are no waitresses. The selection is not vast and the food is of very average quality but the price is right and you can be in and out very quickly. There are many other inexpensive, fast service places to eat nearby including a Wolfgang Puck take out right across the street. If you park in the garage expect very narrow lanes with blind curves so you need to be very cautious. On the plus side the staff seemed friendly and attentive.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jkaumana
<Content>Good, But Could have Been Better I stayed at this property four nights in mid-January of 2008.After booking me into one of the worst rooms in the hotel (one of six rooms with no balcony and a bed which was against the wall right next to the parking garage) I was reassigned to a better room in the mauka tower. The difference was like night and day!There was a big screen TV, comfortable king-sized bed, and a partial ocean view for the AAA room rate of $215. The room originally asssigned to me was barely worth half that amount. To their credit, Lisa at the front desk acted swiftly to remedy this problem. Generally, it was well maintained , but this older (I remember it as the Hawaiian Regent in the Seventies) property still felt like it had a way to go before it would be worth the money to any one paying more than I did per night. The hotel was not shy about squeezing you for the extras, either. Approx. $14 a day for use of the internet, $20 a day for parking, and $1 for each local phone call. Be prepared for lots of large tour groups as well.In sum, a decent place to stay, but be very careful of the rate you pay, and don't be afraid to speak up if you don't like your room.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>littlemac4
<Content>Fantastic Deal! Great location This hotel is in an excellent location if you want to avoid the glitz and noise at the center of Waikiki. It is just steps away from the ocean, across Kalakaua Ave., and is near Kehoe Beach for the sunset dance shows. The hotel itself is very nice. There are two rooftop pools, which can get a bit crowded in the middle of the day.The partial ocean view was perfect and we could see Diamond Head as well. If you stay here and are worried about the loud music from the hotel across the street, you should know that they stop at 10:00 PM. The restaurant is very nice, but avoid the outdoor part when there are birds around -- they don't mind landing on your table and nibbling on your meal. The breakfast, which was included in our deal, was a full buffet including omelet bar, every day. Don't be dissuaded by the line for breakfast. When there is one, it moves fast. The service in the restaurant was very competent.Our first room smelled so bad that we had to ask for a change in room. The response from the hotel was immediate and we were moved nearby to an upgaded room, but I wonder why they didn't know about the problem before we checked in.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CanadaGalOnTheGo
<Content>Better than expected Given some of the so-so reviews about the Marriott, we had modest expectations. However, the hotel was very clean and the staff were always friendly and helpful. The pool was never crowded and we had no problems getting a lounge chair at the sunny pool (p tower), if we were there by 10:00 am.We weren't sure which tower to choose, but asked for the k tower because it was closer to the beach. We were happy with our choice because even with only a partial ocean, the view was amazing. The lanais also appear to be larger in the K tower, which worked for us because we would often get take out from Wolfgang's and other local restaurants and ate outside in privacy. The room was large and was spotless. Nothing too fancy, but it seemed to be freshly painted, and there were no signs of wear and tear, as another reviewer indicated when writing about the K Tower.A bit of a warning -- Waikiki is noisey, even up on our higher floor, but we were prepared for this. We liked the city/beach combination and there was a lot we didn't get to do. We'll definitely be back and would stay at the Marriott again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LovingLife53
<Content>Lovely Accommodiations We just returned from our 5 night stay at Waikiki Beach Marriott Resort  Spa. The hotel was lovely. We booked a room City View which actually faced Diamondhead with a partial view of Waikiki beach. The room was identical to the one shown on the hotel's website. The hotel room was very clean and the beds were extremely comfortable. We had dinner twice at the Italian Restaurant Arancino di Mare. The food was good especially the gnocchi, however the service was a bit slow. In the evening, the Moana Terrace featured local Hawaiian talent which was an enjoyable spot for relaxing with a cocktail. Of course, the hotel also housed an ABC store were you could pick up any incidental you would require. Overall, our stay was exceptional!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>petune
<Content>Still love this hotel!!       Waikiki beach  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>anthonyuk
<Content>Convenient location and pretty good value The plus sides for this hotel are (1) the proximity to the beach and shopping and (2) the size of the rooms. The rooms, although large, are a bit of a disappointment though. The decoration is really in need of some updating. The bathroom had one of those horrible rubber shower curtains.We had a package including breakfast and that was certainly worth it. They had a great range of food and you really couldn't fault that.However, I probably wouldn't stay here again. There must be things in Waikiki that give you the same kind of location with more up-to-date rooms.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>globeseekerpa
<Content>Definitely a disappointment After spending dozens of nights in Marriotts last year, I was looking forward to visiting the Marriott Waikiki Beach, for which I had been saving up all those Marriott Rewards points. The property was definitely a let down and I would not have been pleased had I been paying their high rates for my entire vacation. The hotel does occupy a prime spot across from the beach in the middle of all the Waikiki action. Like many of the other hotels in this area, it is HUGE. The check-in personnel were efficient and friendly, and I was pleased by my room upon arrival. It was definitely the best aspect of the hotel. It was essentially standard Marriott issue, but with some nice decor touches that gave it an island flavor, and island-themed toiletries in the bathroom.The hotel felt over run, perhaps because it was the holiday season. There were people everywhere at all times of day or night. At certain times of the day you even had to wait in line to take the elevator. This was because the hotel was conducting elevator maintenance, not exactly a smart thing to do in peak season when the property is near 100% occupancy. The pool area was always crowded, at times there were so many people in the hot tub that you could not fit another person into it. There definitely need to be more pool attendants. As the day went on, the pool area showed signs of wear and tear. There were dirty towels strewn everywhere and puddles of standing water that needed to be cleaned up. The pads on the lounge chairs needed to be changed more frequently, they often appeared damp and sandy from whoever had used them before.Since you are at a Marriott resort, there are timeshare sales booths everywhere in this hotel. The bell desk staff was noticeably unfriendly when I had to store my bag and when I went to retrieve it. They seemed like they were unhappy to be helping out the haoles  were definitely were not geared towards customer service. While the rooms were nice, this property charges deluxe rates for an experience that is anything but.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	5	2	-1	

<Author>cul8rgirl
<Content>Next to Diamond Head on Beach       Sansei Restaurant  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>zoogong
<Content>Disappointed with the Waikiki Marriott We stayed at the Waikiki Marriott from December 18th to December 25th. We had a corner Ocean view room on the 19th floor. THE NOISE from the Resort Quest hotel across from the Waikiki Marriott kept us up till past midnight every night. What was especially disturbing was the music from the sound stage at the Queen's beach. The bass from the sound stage actually was giving me a headache the first night we were there -- there was some sort of a party for the Aloha Bowl football teams. We ate at the Kuhio Beach Grill dinner buffet Christmas eve -- the garbanzo beans at the salad bar were actually spoiled!!! Whoever ate food from that salad bar would have gotten sick! The roast beef was served cold!!!!! Fire the restaurant manager pronto, I'd say! The maid did a horrible job of cleaning our room; the maid did not clean the bathroom with cleansers; I could tell whoever cleaned the bathroom just did a superficial wipe down with toilet paper -- disgusting! Don't stay in this hotel; you will be so disappointed. However, the view of Waikiki Beach from the room was great though. That says alot about this hotel -- even the great view cannot save it from disappointing its guests!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timidtravelerUs
<Content>Big room, beautiful ocean My family stayed here for 4 days over Christmas. I am surprised by the negative reviews. The location is great, across street from the beach and a short walk to less crowded beaches. Near the end of Waikiki, so a bit less crowded. There is a nice park with great banyan trees within 1/2 mile. We didn't rent car, so avoided parking costs and just walked, or took a bus or taxi where we wanted to go.Our room was a suite with ocean view. We loved the balconeys and enjoyed just sitting and looking at the ocean. Yes, the band was loud at night, but we shut the doors and went to bed. Small bathrooms, but our room had two, so they were fine. Comfortable beds, lots of pillows, nice bedding. I enjoyed the towel check out, the ABC stores, and the staff. Really, the ocean is so wonderful, just being near it is great.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>buj94565
<Content>very loud music till 11pm i've stayed at the waikiki marriott 2 times in 2007... i always get a room with ocean/diamond head view which is great... what isn't so great is the constant music from the hotel next door and from the beach. the music is so loud that it caused the sliding window to vibrate and in effect becomes a drum to the interior of the room... this noise goes on till 11pm... at $350 per night...i expect quiet. i understand marriott can't do anything about the music from the hotel next door or the beach sound system...so...i have decided not to stay there anymore. its a great location, the ocean view rooms are large and clean...just can't stand that booming base till 11pm. on christmas eve i had the buffet at the kuhio grill...wow...that was really bad... the prime rib was tough and served cold, the hot side dishes literally looked like garbage and the salad bar looked wilted... dk steak house was really good... i had the best burger and fries and the service was great. on the ground floor, there is a little sushi bar called ran...or was it run... anyway...it was pretty good too...  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dan_n_Zora
<Content>No thanks We originally booked a 5 night stay at the Hyatt (5 star), but when we checked in and were shown to our room, we decided we could not stay there for 1 night, muchless 5, as their rooms were unacceptable. (I simply cannot do carpet in the bathroom, but that is another review). I had stayed at this Marriott many years ago so was familiar with the hotel. We checked in for 1 night, obviously out of desperation, with the idea that we would try and find a 5 star hotel or resort that had availability the next day. We left the next morning after booking at a resort on the north side of the island.Our thoughts about this hotel in 3 words: No thank you.Waikiki, Honolulu and Oahu in general are past their 'use by' dates. I'm sure it was all fantastic back in the 70's, the Hawaii 5-0 days. There is not one hotel on the island that I would pay money to stay in again, including this one. If you like class, style and luxury, do yourself a favour, don't stay in Oahu.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>jfd
<Content>3* at best Stayed here two nights precruise Dec 15-17. Very large facility, was given upgrade to ocean view. The room was spacious but the bathroom is small. The staff was helpful with information and directions. The pools are small, but the beach area was very nice. The location is at the end of Waikiki, a more central location such as the Hyatt would have been a better choice. Got a AAA rate of $215 for partial ocean view. Do not pay more, there are plenty of good choices.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>FrequentFrier
<Content>Not impressive but clean and efficient I stayed at the Marriott Waikiki for a night and was not greatly impressed by the quality of the room, but did find the hotel to be clean and the staff to be efficient. For the price, I would rather have been in a hotel further West on Waikiki - although walking across the road to the beach is convenient here too.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>miruca
<Content>More like a 3* in a concrete jungle This marriott is like the 3* hotels I stay in near several airports. We were not impressed with it or the concrete jungle of Waikiki. The very small lanai allowed a very small view of the ocean. The room was fairly small also. At night, with the doors open all we could hear were the sounds of the city - and it could have been any city. The pools were small and again in the midst of the concrete. If staying in Waikiki I'd recommend staying at one of the hotels that is right on the beach - it's a world of difference to walk through their lobby to dining or lounging with the ocean right there (example Surfrider?)  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ontheplane
<Content>Overall good hotel We would stay here again. This is our second trip to waikiki and the hotel's proximity to the beach is great. Beach towels can be checked out on the pool deck and the beach is just across the street from the hotel. The hotel is large. Two towers (we stayed in the one closest to the beach). We had no problems with the elevators. The pools are a bit small but are heated and hardly crowded when we were there. The gym, also small, serves its purpose with a few elipticals, treadmills, stationary machines, and a free-weights rack. The hotel has two ABC stores that have everything from quick snacks and essentials to souvenirs. Our package came with breakfast. Buffet style pasteries, fruits, eggs and sausage, cerials and waffles, and a made to order omelet bar.The room we stayed in had a great view of the beach. I often sat out on the lanai just listening to the ocean. The room was cleaned and re-stocked everyday. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom is on the small side but serves it's purpose. In my opinion the room, and hotel, are a bit dated. I travel often and can tell from older, remodeled, and new from the ground up hotels. This hotel seems older. But still a nice hotel.Location is the hotel's best selling point. It is a few minutes walk to the international market, a block a way from the zoo, and across the street from kuhio beach. (We previously stayed at the Hawaii Prince which had great rooms with the best view but quite a ways from downtown waikiki.)  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>samantha2000
<Content>Great Hotel for location and food, but lacking in room quality and decor We just returned from a nine day stay at the Waikiki Beach Marriott Hotel. I give a tip of the hat to the front desk clerks and the housekeeping staff ..... they were really good. The open air theme of the hotel lobby floor was a truly refreshing reminder that we were in Hawaii.The food in the Kuhio Grill was superb .... we had 9 breakfasts there and 3 buffet dinners, and the food and the service was superb. You were never rushed and there never seemed to be line-ups.Elevators worked terrific, no problems there.Being right across the road from the beach was really delightful and all the shops were so close by.Now, for the down side. We stayed in a Deluxe Oceanfront room which was really great. just that we expected more quality from a Marriott Hotel. The room was quite sparesely furnished, with a small clothes cupboard with ancient louvered doors and 6 coat hangers. There were 2 small drawers in the TV cupboard to store all the rest of our belongings. Luggage was barely able to be stored in the closet. We had 2 chairs, and a writing desk and a small round table. The bathroom left a lot to be desired. They have replaced the taps and faucets ........ but the bathtub has been cleaned so much that it is down below the enamel and it did not drain so you were standing in 3 inches of water while showering. I hated even standing in it to shower. The tub and toilet are in a small cramped room with a door and the basin and mirror are located just outside. Again, an old sink that should have been replaced years ago.Other that that our stay in Hawaii was really great. Next time we come we are planning on checking out a Condo, as you really do not spend that much time in the Hotel, but when you do you want the quality you paid for in the surroundings.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Tim2458
<Content>Huge Hotel, Good Location and Decent Price This is a large hotel with two separate buildings connected via an outdoor walkway on the third floor. That walkway is where you will also find the hotel's two pools, one of which has a whirlpool/hot tub nearby. The pools are not large, but in my 12 days there, I did not see them packed. There is also a coin--operated laundry on this floor.If you do not like crowds, do not stay here. Many collegiate athletic teams stay here. Several women's basketball teams and the Boise State football team were here during my stay.The staff are welcoming and friendly. Since I was here for almost two weeks, there was a familiarity that led to nice greetings and good service, from the front desk to the guys who did the valet parking ($25 a day, only $5 more per day than self-parking in the large garage at the hotel -- valet was handled in a more convenient outdoor lot across the street from the driveway at the hotel). I had a very late-night flight back east and I was extended a late check-out of 6 p.m. at no charge. However, I will point out that two other parties in my group were charged $100 for the same courtesy, so I guess it all depends on who you get at the front desk.My room was on a floor in the middle of the Paoakalani tower. If you are given a room in the Kealohilani, the older of the two high-rises -- the one closest to the beach and Kalakaua Avenue, ask to be put into the Paoakalani. A colleague in the other tower asked for a move because the rooms in the Kealohilani tower were in sad shape.Rooms are small, relative to other Marriotts in which I've stayed, and the bathrooms are snug. The sink is outside the room in which the toilet and shower are located. There is good water pressure and toiletries are replenished daily. The bed is super comfy and I had an oceanview room, which truly was oceanview -- as long as you looked straight out, rather than down at the parking lot and the tops of several buildings (including St. Augustine's Catholic Church, conveniently located across the street). There was a small refrigerator in the armoire, convenient but its compressor was very loud.The hotel can be noisy. There was a large group from Japan going from room to room at very late hours, and the room next to mine sounded like they had a drinking game going on at 2 a.m. A call to hotel security quieted that. However, the room must have been vacant several times during my stay because I could hear the alarm go off at 5 a.m. and buzz for quite some time.My often-stated complaint about Marriott rings true for this hotel, too. While there is wireless service, it is $12.95 a day., with no discount for longer stays. It is a nickel and dime attack on guests that many other hotels (and some Marriotts) have abandoned. This chain should do so across the board.There are two very good restaurants out of the many in the hotel -- Sansei for sushi and d.k. Steak House, which served one of the best NY strip steaks I've ever had. As for Sansei, one evening I went after 10 p.m. and all sushi was 50 percent off.And, a few hours after you enjoy your meals, you can go to the very small gym one floor below. Sorry to say the StarTrac CV equipment is subpar. The treadmills had cardiotheater TVs. For the crosstrainers and one stair machine, there are a couple of regular TVs at the front of the room. There is also a small collection of free weights. There is a 24-hour gym about a block from the hotel on Kalakaua to which a friend belongs. If you're a hard-core workout fiend, you may want to go there.There is a spa adjacent to the fitness center with a limited selection of treatments, plus a manicure station and hair salon. If you want to go to a VERY nice spa, go out 18 miles west of Waikiki to the Marriott Ihilani, which offers a beautiful facility with an assortment of massages, wraps, scrubs, and other treatments.The beaches of Waikiki are right across the street from the Marriott and there are many restaurants nearby. Roy's opened a Waikiki branch across from the Halekulani -- very fine food and great service. Speaking of the Halekulani, I had a significantly better breakfast at a lower price there than I had at the Marriott, which has a decent buffet, but if you are going to just order off-the-menu, I recommend a stroll to the Halekulani where you can enjoy the beachfront view and be treated like royalty while enjoying a fine morning repast.Would I stay here again? This was already my second visit, and overall, it's fine. Posh, no. Comfy, yes. For about $269 a night, not a bad price for Waikiki at Thanksgiving time.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>chermeyer
<Content>Wonderful, wonderful hotel! We got married on Oahu and stayed at the Marriott in Waikiki. With the exception of a room mix-up, which was quickly rectified, we had a wonderful stay. The buffet breakfasts are amazing! And it was the best bed we've ever slept on in a hotel. We also had a view of both Diamondhead and the ocean. The hotel is located across the street from the beach and within proximity of several restaurants. We can't wait to go back for our anniversary!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>irun5k
<Content>Consistently Good I've stayed here a few times for business and most recently for pleasure. They sometimes have good rates for Hawaii residents, which was the case for the recent pleasure stay.In all cases the rooms have been consistent. I've never had much of a view in the P tower, but I've visited rooms in the K tower that have a phenomenal view of the beach. I assume these rooms are out of my price range by a long shot, which would explain why I've never stayed in one. The rooms are similar in quality, the main difference is the view.The rooms are relatively quiet for the location, all things considered. The beds are comfortable. The bathrooms aren't anything exciting. Personally, I think the rooms at a place like the Hawaii Prince are a good deal nicer, but it is unfortunately in the marina district and not really walking distance to the main part of the Waikiki strip.I enjoy the pool deck and especially the hot tub. This area is spacious and is actually a terrace. There is something about being perched up a few stories high that makes it pleasurable- can't really explain it.Their restaurant, Sansei, is my favorite place to eat in the entire state. If you like sushi, or even steak or normal seafood, it is hard to go wrong.Overall, assuming you get a decent price, this is a good place to stay for anybody who wants a slightly nicer property.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>vhuk
<Content>Fantastic honeymoon at the Marriott       The very soft bed  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>underzc
<Content>Worst spa experience Stayed there with my wife, kid and mom for her 70th Birthday. Hotel was clean and front desk upgraded us fast to a better room. Breakfast was good, and dinners were OK. Spa was the worst experience for my wife and mom. Paid over $500 for two of them for lomi-lomi (tips charged up front, since they do expect you not to offer much after). Very dirty facility, unwashed windows, low quality massage and personnel was unattentive and simply put - unprofessional. Did not have time to check other options, but I'm sure you can get better service in Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>chubbyshark1
<Content>Oahu diamond       Diamond Head from our room  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bice710
<Content>A nice facade, but look closer- it's worn down and not Marriott quality I have been to Waikiki several times and though I have hung out at the Waikiki Beach Marriott, I'd never stayed there. I have actually gone scuba diving with the dive shop there and those guys are really good. The bar closes REALLY early (11 even on a Saturday night) and is pretty low key. For a little more lively atmosphere go to the ResortQuest bar right across the street. They have live music and it's usually a pretty full house.So, I finally stayed at the WBM one night and I have to admit, I expected a lot from seeing the beautiful lobby and shops. Obviously the location, right across the street from the beach in the heart of Waikiki, is fantastic. When you get to the rooms, they look nice at first, until you look a little closer. The glass on the bathroom door was cracked. The tub and shower was cracking and peeling. The chairs were old and musty. The beds (which look beautiful) were a false front...a hard as nails mattress with some foam on top (which didn't help) and like 50 thread-count sheets...yes that's right, not a normal Marriott resort 300 TC or higher. These were so rough my skin actually got irritated from them. It's clear that rather than doing room renovations (which this old hotel needs), they decided to add some things that look good to hide the problems of the rooms. Sorry WBM, I expected better from you. I realize they're getting away with it because of the location, but it's just not the normal Marriott quality. I do have to say the staff was very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Angela_o
<Content>Paradise My husband I just came back from a 7 day vacation. We stayed at the Marriott Waikiki and we were very pleased. We were married there 5 years ago and decided to go back this year for our anniversary and we couldn't have been more pleased. Our room was ready a little early so we were able to check-in and shower and get our vacation started which was great after flying for hours.The rooms are very nice. Housekeeping does a wonderful job. The rooms do not come with microwaves but you can request one if they have one available. We didnt know you could do that until i read a comment from this site. We were very pleased. We requested it and they actually took it to the room before we made it there. Having a microwave makes the vacation a little more convenient.This hotel is located right across the street from the beach and near shopping. We did not rent a car this time, although you can rent one from the hotel. We took tours which were very educational and less stressful. Everything is within walking distance from the hotel. The trolley which we didn't know about until this trip is very accessible. It stops right next door every 20 minutes and will take you to the mall for just 2 dollars per person. We took a few tours which at first I thought were overpriced but in the end they were worth it. We learned a lot more about the wonderful island and people living there.I do get a little annoyed by the timeshare people but it seems like you cant go anywhere these days without running into them. Once they start recognizing you they stop pestering you.This time we went to the flea market. They are opened on weekends and wednesdays. The hotel offers a shuttle to take you there which is 9 dollars a person which is roundtrip. You just tell the driver what time you want to be picked up. I would definitely wait to buy souveniers until you go to the flea market. I made the mistake of buying mine right off the main street and I paid way more. You can get everything at the flea market for lower prices but dont forget to bring comfortable shoes, its huge!I would definitely stay at this hotel again. I miss it already.Now back to reality..........................  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LucyWales_UK
<Content>Loved this hotel My Husband and I stayed at this hotel as part of our honeymoon in August 2007 and loved it. We had a partial ocean view room in the P Tower. The room was lovely and clean with good housekeepiong and facilities. The bed was really comfortable!The hotel is in an excellent location and the breakfast included in the price is amazing.We would highly recommend this hotel and would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sonjaandrob
<Content>Excellent Me and my husband just spent 7 days at the Marriott as part of our honeymoon and we had no complaints at all.We arrived to be greeted with the expected staff wishing to carry our bags inside but we kindly declined. The entrance was quite spectacular with a large rockery with plants and a mini waterfall feature.We arrived early afternoon. Check-in was quick and efficient. We paid 拢195 per night for our room on the 16th floor that had a king-sized bed and view overlooking the beach and a balcony. My first impression of the room was very good. It was very big and spotlessly clean with good facilities - ironing board, iron, hairdryer, toiletries etc. I've read one person comment on the mediocre nature of the toiletries but I would have thought most people take their own anyway so I wouldn't let that put you off. There was a fridge in the room as well which I thought was much better than the usual extortionately priced mini-bars you find in hotels. We bought our own water and alcohol to store in it and drank it at our leisure on the balcony. The room was made up every day and towels changed if require - leave in the bath if you want them changing or hang up if you can re-use them.We didn't sample any of the hotel's restaurants or food except breakfast, that was included in our room rate.It was possibly the best breakfast experience I've had at a hotel. We got there at about 7.30am every morning. Service was excellent. We were shown to our table and then served tea and coffee and frm then on it was self-service. There was everything you could have possibly wanted....hot cooked food, cereals, juisces, meats and chesses, oriental food, pastries and a fantastic omelette station that also served hot waffles and pancakes.We did notice there was always a large queue building up whilst we were eating but this always went down very quickly.We didn't use any of the hotel's facilities but could see the swimming pool from our room. It looked a decent size and i never saw anybody in it.There were a couple of things that slightly annoyed me about the place but we soon got used to them - the toilets in the bedroom - they were very forceful and noisy ( abit like aeroplane ones) and you could always hear other customers in neighbouring rooms and rooms above whenever they flushed their toilets.Me and my husband were early to bed and early to rise on the first few nights and I couldn't help hearing some loud and annoying karaoke type entertainer every night. He seemed to be coming from the pool deck of the hotel. I don't know if he was on every night but he was very annoying when we were trying to relax and all you could hear was his voice blaring out.The hotel was very conveniently located right opposite waikiki beach and close to all the local high street shops.All in all a very pleasant stay and we would return here again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>tanyatia
<Content>Loved It!       View From Room 905 Deluxe Ocean View  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MarylandLabLady
<Content>Very good experience We used Marriott rewards to book this room, and I was a little afraid that we would see a difference in quality of stay due to having a free room. We had a wonderful room on one of the sides, so we could see the ocean even if we did not have a direct ocean view. Lanais are large. The room was lovely and clean, and we were treated as any other paying customers. The resort has a number of shops on the bottom level and is connected to more shops. Everything is quite convenient, and it is in a great location. The staff was excellent. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SingaporeCliff
<Content>Average Very average. Booked it at USD180 (before taxes) at Priceline. Given a side (partial) sea view room on check-in. Asked for an upgrade but told that will have to pay a supplement. Given a room which faces an opposite hotel directly. In the morning, the rubbish trucks woke me up. Nothing spectacular about this place. Extremely average.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>PHXroadwarrior
<Content>Tired and Rough around the edges I am a business traveler and stay at Marriott properties 150+ nights a year, and am very loyal to the chain. Thus, I generally know what to expect when I arrive at a hotel. I value consistency across properties and a standardized level of service and amenities, and I find Marriott generally does this better than other chains.I was disappointed by this property. While it is located right across the street from the beach, and the view from most of the rooms is beautiful, other aspects of the property left me disappointed.This is an older hotel (probably 30 years old), not built originally as a Marriott, and it gets heavy foreign tourist traffic...all ingredients for disaster even before you set foot on the property. I realize that this is not the typical airport business Marriott, and a resort is different, but it still failed in many respects where Marriott should know how to do better.The room (2269) had the terrific new Marriott Revive bed, but the rest of the room was tired and in need of refurbishment. The carpet, furniture and wallcovering were worn out and shabby. The bathroom smelled badly of mold in the shower, and I tried in vain to find the source of the terrible smell. Bath towels were cheap and small, and they did not stock adequate numbers in the room for a resort hotel where you may shower a couple times a day coming and going from your activities. Even just better linens would have classed the room up a great deal. No robe. Tolietries were average. Standard glaring fluorescent lights in all the lamps which always make it too bright in one part of the room and pitch black in another part. The room did have a great lanai which was fun to sit on for the sunsets.My room rate, booked on [--], was $191/night, which is fairly reasonable these days now that hotel prices are so high. They accidentally put another guest's bill under my door, and he was paying $269.Elevators were undergoing renovation, meaning a 5-10 minute wait most times, sometimes waiting for two or three elevator cars because you were standing in the lobby with 20 other people also waiting.I ate two times at the poolside restaurant on the third floor overlooking the beach. Each time I found the food of crappy theme park snackbar quality, the service nonchalant and slow, and the prices high. I was really taken by the big bowl on every table of individual packets of every imaginable condiment....is this how you serve ketchup and mustard in a place with any class at all? Ick. My simple lunch with two fruity Hawaii cocktails ran over $40. Dinner one evening in the Steakhouse, also on the third floor, was delicious (the steaks really are as great as they claim) and the service was really attentive, but I was befuddled by the restaurant's decor which was an odd cross between Denny's and a Chinese Restaurant and had a bunch of vinyl seats and fake plants.. I also found it funny how they advertise a beach view for the restaurant, and the picture window is about the same size as the one on the front of my house back home. Unless you get one of three or four tables by the window, forget about seeing the beach.I agree with another poster that the pools were really small for a property of this size. The one nearest the beach gets the most traffic and it's teeny-tiny and chock full of kids and middle-aged fat men in Speedos. The back pool always looked empty to me and much quieter.There are lots of shops on-site and nearby, and the hotel really is in the heart of everything, which is a huge plus. All the fun stuff in Waikiki is within a 1-15 minute walk.Valet parking (at $25/day) was fast, efficient and professional. My car was always waiting when I called down before leaving the room. Self parking was $15/day.Every staff member I encountered was friendly and helpful.Overall, if I had to stay at a Marriott, and I was really loyal, I would stay here again. If I was open to other properties, I would definitely consider something more fresh and a little more refined elsewhere in Waikiki. I'll be back again if they renovate!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>tree
<Content>great hotel great location We booked this hotel through AAA. We stayed here before and after a cruise of the Hawaiian islands. The beach is right across the street from the hotel.. The street is very easy to cross to get to the beach. The beach is very clean and is in a breakwall protected area so the water is calm Great for little kids..The hotel room was clean and roomy with a good size refrigerator. The coffee in the room wasn't very good but there are two coffee shops in the complex. The pools were clean and well kept. the staff was helpful.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pamurchu
<Content>Solid four stars We just returned from eight nights at the Marriott Waikiki Beach. Our reservation was exactly as it was booked. The front desk employees were courteous and efficient. There was an erroneous charge to our room at check out and the problem was handled in a professional manner. We were checked out and on our way in five minutes. The elevators ran in a timely fashion, and the breakfast buffet was excellent. Half way through our stay, the room locks were changed as were our automated keys. The older locks were difficult to use, but the new lock worked the first time we inserted the key cards. (They might be changing locks floor by floor. I read where others had trouble using the key cards, but apparently they are trying to correct this.) We could hear the music from the pool bar, but it finished before 11 o'clock nightly and was pleasurable. If we did not wish to hear the music, we simply closed the lanai door. And of course, the beds were comfy and easy to get lost in! We used the room safe, and had nothing stolen. The spa was average, as were the bars, shops, and pool area. But this was a most pleasant stay with no malfunctions. I would stay here again as we enjoyed being at the end of the beach, away from the central part of hotel row. Also, it was convenient to the Waikiki Shell. Definitely should be considered as a midprice choice for accommodations.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>cmb2
<Content>Great location for short stays in Honolulu       Waikiki Marriott's 2 towers  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>nitabita
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location My husband and I stayed at the Marriott for our honeymoon. We were there from Sept. 11 - 17. The hotel is located right across the street from the beach. You can check out the hotel pool towels for use at the beach. I agree with other visitors that said that the hotel pool is small. We never used the pool. The hotel is located across from Resortquest which is one of the major pick up/drop off locations for the tour buses.There are plenty of activities to do. You should never get bored. The locals are friendly and helpful. We didn't rent a car but would consider it when we go back. You can get around easily without a car though.We stayed in the corner deluxe room... on the 18th floor. We had a GREAT view of the ocean. I think if we were on a higher floor we would be able to see Diamondhead as well. We sat on the balcony and watched the sunsrise every morning. The only negative comment about the room would be the lighting in the bathroom. It was VERY dim and gave off a red hue. Even with the poor lighting we'd stay here again because of the location and easy access to everything.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>PackMeInYourSuitcase
<Content>Pleeeez Are these people kidding me? This is an average hotel at best. I've stayed at Marriott鈥檚 in Nebraska that were better. Way better. If you don't stay at the premium rate (I was there on military discount) you are treated like a second class citizen. I am a member of this chain and have complained to anyone who would listen but again, since I was there on a military discount and didn't mention my Marriott membership they did even try to feign interest in my satisfaction. I return to the area with business often. I'm telling you, stay at the Hale Koa or the Hilton HI Village. You will be much much happier. I haven't even mentioned the noise and partying. A fellow guest flashed me one evening from his patio to mine. I called security and they made a minimal effort. The BK is nice and worth visiting but otherwise, steer clear. If you need a good parking space, the valets were great but otherwise steer clear. You can catch any tour from there or across the street but otherwise, STEER CLEAR. If you want rude desk personnel and cleaning staffs who steal your stuff and over priced drinks even at happy hour, please stay. Oh yes, and if you are military, expect a view of the garage. Nice way to treat our soldiers huh?  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>3	1	3	5	3	1	2	2	

<Author>Canada_Turtle
<Content>Should be considered as one of your choices for Waikiki This review is written by a business traveler who typically frequents Marriott and Hilton-chain hotels. This review is based on a 4-night stay in September 2007 and an 8 night stay in July 2007.The hotel meets or exceeds the quality one typically finds in a Marriott property. This is clearly an older hotel that was renovated some time ago. Decent job on the renovations.Pros: - solid choice, solid service, solid value. - rooms that make you feel comfortable. - be sure to ask for an ocean view room, preferably a corner suite. - great-tasting Honolulu Cookie Company cookies are provided upon check-in in the room; leave a note on the bedside table to have the turn-down service folks leave cookies every night instead of chocolates, if so desired. - great facilities. - across the street from the beach.Opportunities for improvement:  - no concierge lounge for Marriott Rewards Gold and Platnium members. - put in curved shower bars. - elevator service to the high floors (which is now being improved).It's essentially on the Diamond Head end of the main strip in Waikiki; however, this hotel is a solid choice for comfort, service, and proximity to shopping, eateries, and amenities.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>travler1957
<Content>loved tih marriott wakkiki me and my husband stayed at the marriott sept 21-27,2007we were not disappointed...the room was nice and the bed was comfortable ...this was our first trip to ohau loved it....thanks also'to abc stores.cant wait to see the other islands hope their is a marriott....and abc store...  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rielliey
<Content>Loved it! I loved this Marriot! this is the 4th time i have stayed here and each time gets better! It is on the quite side of waikiki so to me it is not as loud and less people which equals goodtimes to me!The beds here are the most comfortable i have sleeped in in waikiki... even compored to the hyatt and sheraton moana surfrider. The balconies are great and maid service was awsome and the staff was all very good and nice. I like the water on this side of waikiki with the breakwalls as then i can get an innertube and just float away without being taken out to the open water.. not that you would anyways but i have a fear of that.. hehe :)the breakfast here is great as well.. awsome buffet and great al la carte as well. Rooms service was great too.. had it for lunch the day we arrived and it was fast good and exactly what we need after flying in.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Redheada
<Content>Great stay at the Waikiki Marriott       Corner Window facing west  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>vmimartins
<Content>Great location, nice hotel The beach is just across the road.. Just pick a towel from the swimming pool and enjoy the beach.The pool is small but who cares?? with the ocean is just is in front ... The rooms are nice, confortable bed ... The hotel is near everything, plenty of restaurants around and in the hotel shopping there are 2 ABC stores, very usefull..Me and my family loved it  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ArkansasOrchid
<Content>Beautiful view from corner deluxe room, 20th floor Waikiki has so many hotel choices that it helps to spend a little time deciding what is important to you. I decided that for us the top priorities were getting a clean, quiet room with a great view of the beach, a good sized room and bathroom, and avoiding the congestion of the construction areas. We booked a corner deluxe room at the Marriott and were very pleased. For the same price as a garden view room at the Royal Hawaiian and less than an ocean view room at the Outrigger Reef or Outrigger Beach, we had a great view from the 20th floor with a very large room (by Waikiki standards). Best points of the hotel: The corner deluxe rooms -- especially on high floors -- have a lanai on one side (facing toward the next hotel with a side view of the ocean) and a very large window covering most of the oceanfront wall. So the views are fabulous. It would be much better if the lanai were on the front, but strangely, the K tower (which is the one closest to the beach) does not have front facing lanais except maybe on the top floor. Also the corner deluxe rooms are unusually large for Waikiki rooms. Our room was clean and the beds are exceptional with many pillows and a down-filled mattress pad. Because hotel is at the end of Waikiki where hotels are across the street from the beach, the front view is really of the ocean and not of adjacent hotels. Because it is at the Diamondhead end, it is easy to get out of the hotel and onto H1 or other major roads. Air conditioning works well and we did not hear noise from the room on the other side. Staff was friendly. Like most major hotels, there is an ABC shop in the lobby plus a variety of other shops. Although there are no views from the main restaurant, we had dinner there twice and the food was perfectly acceptable. Unlike other reviewers, we never had to wait too long for an elevator.The less positive: The ResortQuest hotel next door blocks views toward the Diamondhead side and they have live music at their pool during breakfast and in the evenings. We were on a high floor and ran the air conditioning at night, so it didn't disturb us but on a lower floor or with the lanai doors open, this could be a problem. The parking garage is horrible, but that's probably true everywhere in Waikiki. The turns are very tight and the traffic goes both ways. You have to use the mirrors mounted on columns to see if other cars are coming and usually, one car would have to back up to allow the other to pass. Valet was easier, but my husband hates to have to call for the car every time we leave. On the plus side, we always found a parking space. The bathroom was adequate but not luxurious and strangely, there is only one light for the vanity area and the bathroom so if you go to the bathroom in the night, turning on the light may disturb your spouse.Overall, we were very pleased with the Marriott and would certainly return, especially for the corner deluxe room which is a good value for the price. Many of the negatives stated in other reviews are true of virtually all Waikiki hotels. This is definitely a place where is pays to do your research, and having stayed at a number of hotels in the area, we think this hotel is a good choice. If you want to be at the other end and don鈥檛 necessarily require a great ocean view, the Waikiki Parc (sister hotel of the Halekulani) is also a good choice.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>socalaloha
<Content>LOVED THIS HOTEL!       view from our room  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Havaiana56
<Content>Great location, nice rooms Booked this hotel last minute as most others were all full in Waikiki. Room was decent size and very clean. The hotel itself had many great amenities such as location, pool, valet parking, shops, restaurants. Great access to the Waikiki strip for all tourist activities. Pretty easy to get onto highway. Overall, very pleased. I would book this again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Patar
<Content>Not My Favorite Marriott This hotel is across the street from Waikiki Beach, but at the south end. The beach there has a breaker wall built out in the water. That makes for a calm pool (water kind of brackish) but you don't get the feel of ocean waves like you do a block or two north.The hotel has one of the most confusing layouts I've ever seen! There are two buildings and almost no signs explaining how to get where. Even checking into the hotel is a problem. We drove up to the entrance and it was packed with tour buses. I parked out front on the street and walked in. When I mentioned this at check in, the desk clerk told me that is actually the tour bus entrance. If I had gone around to the other side of the hotel, I would find valet parking and the consierge desk. The self parking garage has extremely narrow driving lanes so is nervewracking to drive in. You have to use your room key to get out of the garage, and our key never worked. We would have to push a button and talk to someone every time we exited. One night when we got back around 10 PM, the garage was full, and a hotel employee standing there told us we would have to use valet. They did not charge us extra for the valet parking, but it was a pain, because we had to drive completely around the block again, since valet parking was about 15 feet behind the parking garage entrance .We paid extra for a premium ocean view room. When we got to our room we were not happy. The hotel building we were in was built in an L shape. Our room was a couple of rooms off the crotch of the L. That meant our balcony sat at a 90 degree angle to someone else's balcony - and they were close enough to carry on a conversation with us! I called and complained, and they moved us further down the row of rooms and that was more private.We used the spa for a massage and aloe/noni wrap one evening. The noni was recommended to help with sun exposure. It smelled like something rotten! Not a very relaxing thing to lay covered in.On the bright side, the room was nicely furnished and clean.I am a Marriott Silver Rewards member, and I often choose Marriott properties. When I go back to Honolulu I will try a different hotel though.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>bvwatson
<Content>Still a favorite Waikiki hotel I've reviewed the Waikiki Marriott before, in August 2006, so this is really just an update. The hotel continues to be my favorite hotel in Waikiki, for its location, the quality of the rooms and its staff. After reading other reviews here, I paid attention to the bed -- they're right, the beds are Great!!The elevators seem to be less of a problem this time around. Maybe I figured it out, or maybe they actually are more responsive, but I seemed to spend far less time waiting for an elevator than in the past. If Marriott has fixed this, they get a big Mahalo! from me.I paid attention also to how long it took to walk from the hotel to the other end of Waikiki (Hilton Hawaiian Village). It's a distance of about 2.5 miles and a pretty simple stroll, in about an hour...leaving some time to shop at a store or two along the way.All in all, I still recommend the Waikiki Marriott as a friendly place to stay in Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lam012
<Content>Loved Mariott...Excellent Choice! Mariott was an excellent choice. Staff was very friendly, room was really clean, the water pressure of the shower was excellent and the pool was really clean. At night by the pool was a nice Hawaiian band singing some nice Hawaiian tunes...really relaxing. The beach was literally across the street...really nice and clean...i can say it's PARADISE! Overall, my stay was excellent and enjoyable...highly recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PamKentuckyGirl
<Content>Great Hotel My son, sister  I loved the Marriott Resort  Spa at Oahu, HA.The resort is just beautiful and everyone one was very helpful and pleasant. We had a great stay. Hawaii was a great vacation place. We had always wanted to vacation there.We picked one of the best hotels, that I saw was available for location and price. After spending a week there, we were really happy we had picked this resort. Location was great.Thanks, Pam Roberts  Family  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>delphinus
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       View from hotel room - pool area  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Jacan
<Content>Love, love, love this hotel       morning ocean view from balcony  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Huckleberry
<Content>Pretty great ... but still needs some work. Overall ... when we stay on Oahu this is our favorite place (I have stayed at the Sheraton, etc). If you are happy to spend $300+ on a room then it is a good bet. It does have a few issues - see below. It is in a great location, it is clean, the rooms are well laid out and the beds are positively dream inducing. The views are great and the services/amenities are also hard to beat (2 pools, parkade, laundromat, wedding services, shops, bars, several restaurants, Seattles best coffee, etc)There are however a few really annoying issues which need to be resolved.Issue 1: The elevators in the tower away from the beach (so any room that is not a deluxe ocean view) are terrible. They are so dumb that they are not staggered (they all go to every floor) and they all try to go to the same location at once. Every morning people waited as they hit almost every floor. If you are on a high floor you will have no problem getting on but you wil have to make 15 stops on your way down. If you are on a lower floor (10 or lower) you might have to wait 5-7 times before an elevator car is empty enough to fit you (and god forbid your kids) on board. To be fair to the hotel ... they are currently addressing this. Did not help us for the 8 days we stayed there ... but should be fixed in 2 weeks or so from the date of this post.Issue 2: The Kuhio Beach Grill restaurant is overpriced and has a long wait every morning. Go to Arancinos (the Italian place) which is also in the hotel. The buffet is awesome and the cappucino is great.Minor Issue #3: The room keys suck. You have to shove them in and out multiple times to get the lock to respond. The parkade seems to read them perfectly. What gives? The first time I stayed there I went down to the desk twice for new keys before I realized that I had to try 20 times to get it to work. Maybe you will have better luck ... but they are old and need to be updated.Minor Issue #4. The gym has no windows. In such a beatiful place it seems criminal to me that the gym feels like a bunker. It is a decent gym ... but I want a view.I have stayed in this hotel 3 times and have always had a relaxing and happy time so I keep coming back. It is close to the zoo and an easy hike to Diamond head. It is close to shops and has a built-in parkade if you have a rental car (tip: get a new 07 convertible Sebring not a mustang).Some tips:1.) Stay on a higher floor if you have a partial or ocean view. You will get better scenery and will get first dibs on the dumb elevators in the morning.2.) Get a deluze ocean view room if you can spend the money... you will get a better view and much better elevators. You will also get to avoid the registration desk on your way to and from the beach. Our best experience 2 years ago was when we stayed in a Deluxe room (you get what you pay for ... I am sure I heard that somewhere :-)3.) Get up early ... you will get seated for breakfast without waiting ... you can go to Hanauma Bay before it gets crowded and you will get your Americano before the line starts. Oh ... and your elevator might not stop 15 times on the way down as it picks up competitors for the breakfast line.4.) Buy booze, water, food, etc at the ABC store and keep it in your room. For anyone new to Hawaii ... this is a must. Maker sure sunblock / sunscreen is the first thing you buy. The second thing you buy should be the Oahu Revealed guide for $16. Best money you will spend the whole trip.That's it ... hope this helps you out!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lbmking
<Content>fantastic scenery       our room  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manda2u
<Content>Great package, Great place, >> WOW!!! I just got back from a 5 night stay at this hotel. After reading previous reviews I was sure this was the hotel I wanted: a combination of amenities and a good price. I GOT WAY MORE THAN I WAS EXPECTING AND WILL DEFINITELY STAY HERE AGAIN!!!! I was able to request a microwave and refrigerator in my room. The room was nice, and I WAS AMAZED AT HOW COMFORTABLE THE BEDS WERE. I have a $3000 bed at home and this one was even better. No worries about a bad nights sleep. I did use earplugs at night to block the noise, but I think that is par for the course at city hotels. Please bring earplugs. Just a short walk across the street and you're at the beautiful Waikiki beach. And being in the city, you have no need to rent a car unless you want to drive around. The pools are a bit small, but with that beach around, who cares!! And the pools are open to 11:00pm for late night swimming. They even let you check out full-size towels to take to the beach. I got my late checkout no problem. All I can say is GO HERE, GO HERE, GO HERE. Unless you are a hotel snob, I think you'll like it.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>doctorjay
<Content>Very nice hotel.       Beautiful view from our room  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jerseygirlCincinnati
<Content>Excellent Hotel, reasonable cost Stayed one night here on Aug 7.Beautiful facility. Very clean and spacious room. Two pools on 3rd floor (nothing amazing, remember you are in Waikiki where space is limited).Excellent location. Beach directly across the street. Used AAA and got a rate of $239 and upgraded to a full ocean view in the front tower.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hermosabeachgrrl
<Content>Well-situated spot for taking in the sights        K Tower 1714  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Zville5
<Content>It is what it is Trying to avoid grade inflation so we've rated this one with 3 stars ... nothing terrible, nothing exceptional. In fairness to this Marriott, however, it must be seen in the context of Waikiki -- one of the world's love-it-or-hate-it locations. Waikiki is lots of people crammed into a little space, with a beach on one side and a wall of retail -- everything from highest-end boutiques to tourist schlock and sleaze -- on the other side. The Marriott reflects this situation in some respects, though it tries to overcome. Hotel is enormous, with convention center feeling. Be prepared to wait in line for an elevator, as late as 10 at night. The self-parking experience is not for the feint of heart, with choke points wide enough for only one car. The two pools are a major disappointment; one is a motel-sized postage stamp and the other is maybe two postage stamps. Too much concrete everywhere. And the hotel-based restaurants are overpriced and overrun. But the Marriott beds are wonderful, the rooms quiet, and the views on the Diamond Head side spectacular (though be aware that the lanais/terraces measure about 5 feet by 3 feet, so views are best enjoyed from the inside of the sliding door). Finally, as other reviewers have noted, the hotel's location on the eastern fringe of Waikiki makes it not only a tad quieter than the rest of the area but also much easier to access without getting caught up in traffic jams.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lorriknows
<Content>mariott waikiki beach Awful room, awful service, awful response to complaint..never again. this is my 4th trip to waikiki beach, all others were wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sctraveler45
<Content>Very nice hotel I just returned from an eight day stay at this great hotel and I would highly recommend it. However, before you go to this hotel (and Oahu in general) be sure that it is what you are looking for. Oahu is much more commecial than the rest of Hawaii, but in my case that was the major advantage. I took my 9 year old daughter to Oahu and we were never at a loss for things to do. Waikiki Beach is great, there are great snorkeling beaches nearby, and at night we had a blast just wandering around downtown Waikiki. Be sure and set aside a couple of days to visit less populated (and very beautiful) parts of the island and to visit Pearl Harbor. We rented a car for half of our trip and that is proabably about the right amount of time - while you are lounging at Waikiki there is no point in paying for a car (and for $20 per day parking). At check-in, we were convinced to upgrade to an ocean-view room (a bit more hard-sell than I would have preferred, admittedly), but I am very glad that we did. If you stay at this hotel, be sure and request the front tower (the back tower is a bit further from the ocean) and an upgrade to an ocean view room. I would not recommend eating breakfast at this hotel. There are tons of places nearby and the buffet in the hotel restaurant is very pricey (for example, Duke's breakfast buffet down the street is much better, is located on the beach, and is about half the price....there is also a McDonalds a block away that my daughter wanted to eat at a couple of mornings). Save your money for a nice dinner (there are two nice restaurants for dinner here and many nice restaurants within walking distance). If you are on a honeymoom or such, this may not be the hotel for you. It is a very large hotel with lots of guests, but I have to say for the size Marriott does a great job of making the hotel seem inviting. It is quiet, clean,and we never had to wait long for an elevator. The pools so seem a bit small for a hotel this size, but even that makes sense considering we spent very little time at the pool since Waikiki Beach was across the street. One negative for me was the quality of the room service. I tried it a couple of times and I don't think it is on par with the quality of other Marriott's room service; however, considering there are many dining options nearby that is not a major issue. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>Bellarina126
<Content>A moment of peace amongst everything... I stayed here on my first vacation to Hawaii, and I thought it was fantastic. It is at the far end of Waikiki, so the beaches were not as crowded as the others on down the beach. I really enjoyed being able to relax on the beach without feeling overrun. The staff was very helpful in booking excursions and activities. Check in was easy enough, but it can get very, very busy around 4:00. They had a complimentary 'waiting' room that offered showers and a place to relax if you had a late departure, as well. The pool area was very nice, and the kids seemed to always be enjoying it. An excellent property for a relaxing vacation, amongst all the chaos that is Waikiki.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>djmm4
<Content>Nice hotel This was a very nice hotel. Enjoyed the feather beds! Towels where great. Veiw from 30th floor was very nice, could see the Royal Hawaiian and nice view of beach. Only thing we did not like was the VERY EXPENSIVE meals! Stay here but eat elsewhere! There are nice eateries very close by. $3 for a 6oz cup of coffee was crazy, as was the $6.50 for a small slice of supermarket ham! Buffet was way too expensive unless you can eat tons of food to justify the price.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bil4uf
<Content>2nd stay and was pleased again We enjoyed our stay at this hotel this past May.This was our second visit in the last two years at this Marriott. We like the location, its kind of the quite end of Waikiki Beach. It's great with the beach right across the street. Enjoyed the breakfast buffet(food was great) that came with our room. Several good restaurants are close by (Dukes: has a great view, Chesseburger in Paradise: reasonably priced) along with plenty of shopping. Room was clean and spacious for two. Bath room layout was a little strange. The beds are comfortable (they are soft) and the views of Diamond Head and the Pacific are great. Staff was friendly and helpful. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cops22
<Content>Marvelous Marriott       view from the balcony  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>msdupree
<Content>Loved it!! This was a great Hotel. I really thought the location was perfect. It was away from most of the congestion and the rooms had perfect views of the ocean and diamond head. I wanted to bring that bed home with me. The rooms are spacious and clean.The hotel staff was professional and helpful. The breakfast buffet was awesome. I did not eat any other meals in the Hotel. The only down side was that the K tower (I think it was K) was too far from the front desk and lobby.MDupree, Ohio  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lycook
<Content>breathtaking view First of all, I have to note that our stay at the Marriott was paid for by the group organising the conference that my spouse attended.We had a wonderful time at the hotel, the staff at reception, valet service and pool were friendly and accommodating. The hotel was just across the road from the beach, walking distance to shops and the stop for the the pink line trolley was just around the corner. In addition, there is an ABC store on the premises, which is good for stocking up on drinks, snacks and last-minute souvenir items.Our room was on a higher floor and the view of the beach was amazing. The room  bathroom were spotless and comfortably-sized. We only had one minor problem, that is, the bed was a bit soft for our liking, but we soon got used to it.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JULIA68
<Content>Loved the Marriott We stayed 5/10/07-5/16/07 and were skeptical when booking since we have travelled so much and have been surprised in the past. But, we were very happy when arriving here. We were celebrating my husband's birthday and also our 5 year anniversary and notified the staff a month before arrival of these occasions. The staff accommodated us by giving us a ocean view room on the top floor-33rd. It was beautiful, and we could see the fireworks each night from down the beach. The sunset was awesome and also the lanai to sit on. Room was very clean and bed was amazing. We were also impressed with the breakfast buffet, which was included with our booking at no extra cost. It is normally about $25.00 per person per day. It was a great addition to our vacation at the Marriott. The staff was excellent and so were the pools and restaurants. We thoroughly enjoyed the steakhouse for my husband's birthday. Yum. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!!!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cbbjr
<Content>Loved Waikiki and liked the Marriott I stayed at the hotel for a week in December. It is a great location and a nice 4 star hotel. Nothing opulent, but the rooms are good sized, clean, and have comfortable beds. In addition to a couple of ABC stores there are a few shops and restaurants on the lobby level.Obviously you are in Waikiki so there is a lot to see and do. The beach directly in front of the hotel is protected by a barrier wall and is very calm. It seemed to be a lot less crowded than the portion to your right towards the Royal Hawaiian.If you exit the hotel facing the beach and take a left, that section of the beach along the park seemed to have a pretty rough bottom (although there are signs posted warning people of this) that cut my feet just standing in the water.There were a few places to eat that seemed to stand out. Duke's at the Outrigger was great for breakfast (we also did dinner there one night, which was good, but nothing special). They have a solid buffet that looks out over the water with wonderful fruit and items like coconut, pineapple, and mango bread pudding. I think it cost around $15. For Thai we went to Keo's for dinner one night and it was excellent.For cheaper food options, we went to Ono Hawaiian Foods at 726 Kapahulu Ave. It is a little outside Waikiki, but not too far. Authentic Hawaiian food for very little money (well under $10 for more food than you could eat). Also, you may want to hit one of the stalls at the International Market for something other than a hotel restaurant. Before you leave, go to Leonard's Bakery for malasadas. I had never had one before, but the fried Portuguese donut-like things were fantastic.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>adejejon
<Content>Nothing Special Wife and I stayed from 18-21st February. First visit to Hawaii, so not sure what to expect. Had side-seaview room which was adequate, but strange bathroom configuration. The sink was in a little vestibule, with no door so, if you needed to use this during the night, you will probably wake your partner when you switch on the light!Enjoyed Moana Terrace, especially in the evening, but hugely dissappointed with Kuhio Beach Grill.Nice situation, almost at end of strip, so good to walk out in the evening.Only stayed here because Ihilani not available for first part of week. A long way from the UK, but if we visit again, would probably not use this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>tripfetish
<Content>Great Stay!!! This was a great hotel! We stayed in the Kealohilani Tower. Our room was a good size and the beds were really clean. We had a partial ocean view and a big balcony. The pool was on the smaller side, but why go to the pool when the beach is right across the street. Great location!!! Free breakfast came with our package so that saved us some money. The staffs were really nice. Overall I would come back and stay here! :)  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Kevinrum
<Content>Not bad, but not great Stayed for five days in late May, the hotel room was a bit dated, but clean and of decent size. We had continued problems with the electronic key cards, when the front desk would reprogram them they wouldn't really work, finally a maintainence guy made some that worked fine.Our package included the breakfast buffett, the food was good and extensive, wouldn't pay the street price of $23 for it though, but if you get it in a package it is a good deal.Overall for the price, about $240 per night for a 'deluxe' ocean view room with breakfast for two each day the place was okay for the area.The Resort Quest next door has a Tiki Bar that we really like, would go there instead of the in hotel bar.We found Waikki in general way too busy for us, but that is a different story.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ms_obvious
<Content>Loved the view and the location We went to Hawaii for our anniversary. We are two late 30 somethings with double income and no kids. The 3 Marriott resorts we stayed at varied alot. I was glad we stayed at this hotel due to the location. Our check in experience was good. I asked for a king size bed because it was our anniversary and the guy at the front desk said he would rather see us in a room with a great view and two double beds. We took his advice after he showed us the rack rate. The room was on like the 10th floor but it was deceiving because there are like 4 floors of restaurants and a roof top pool on part of the 3rd floor. Our room overlooked the pool and the ocean. It was awesome. The rooms have been refreshed but are typical hotel rooms. I laughed because they had done the ugly tub remodeling to the bath (you could see how it was painted on). It didn't bother me because we love the location and view. The room was clean too. We ate at the Sansei sushi restaurant onsite. It was excellent and the prices weren't too bad for Wakiki. There was a white wine that was a riesling made for sushi and it was awesome. Sorry I can't remember the name of it but you'll see it on the menu. This hotel has all kinds of travellers young, old, families, tourists, etc. It's also a very big hotel but it was easy to go to the beach and they gave you a coupon for free chairs on the beach for 4 hours one day which was nice. My husband took a surf lesson on the beach. It wasn't much of a lesson but it was only $35 a hour and he got up on the board. The place he used is down by the Hyatt food stand on the beach (walk toward the pink hotel, it's before it). I was advised that the Marriott has a surf teacher onsite that is excellent. We didn't find that out until after the fact. I have no clue about the prices. We had a 10pm late flight on our last day and they gave us a key to use lounge to take a shower, etc . Just so you know be sure to take some soap from your room before checking out as the facilities had ran out and they don't have staff there. Also they didn't have wash rags just towels so if you like a wash rag keep one from the room to use here. They only have one shower for the women and no hair dryer. I made a friend in the ladies room who was kind enough to let me blow out my hair with her dryer. I bet you can borrow one from the front desk but I was in the middle of getting ready before discovering this. We spent most of that day at the hotel pool and they have a great mai tai that can be ordered in a fresh pinnapple. It's a $14 drink but it's attractive. We had excellent salads at the pool for lunch but they were expensive for a pool bar at $21 each (shrimp salad  tuna salad). It was very tasty. There is an ABC store onsite. We found the valet was needed and it's pricey at like $25 or something. I think self park was $18 but it felt like too much work for me and I opted for valet. The baggage guys watched our luggage but weren't helpful in bringing it to the car when we were leaving. I think they were fussed that we got in our luggage to get cleaned up and came back later to get it. My husband had tip ready money for these guys but they didn't help so they didn't get a tip. I've never had baggage folks that didn't want to help. Oh, well we did it ourselves and it reminded me of the days went we would stay at the Red Roof Inn. We needed to get to the airport so we weren't going to wait or beg for help. I recommend going to Hula Girl's for breakfast at the Outrigger. It's next to the pink hotel. They have Macadamia and Banana pancakes with coconut syrup. Also they have a great view of the ocean and Diamond Head. The pancake order is huge. Like 3 big ones. My husband and I should of spilt the order. Also the fresh fruit plate is excellent. It had pineapple, strawberry, banana, mango, papaya and a dipping sauce. Excellent coffee and juice too. We are generally diet watchers but this was a special treat.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Likeness
<Content>Nice Hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel the night before going on a cruise. We booked a special rate and the hotel upgraded us once we got there. The room was what I consider average, but the view of the sunset was fabulous. The beds were very comfortable. Bathrooms are a bit small. You can walk up and down the street in front of the ocean. Lots of shops and places to eat. We did eat in one of the restaurants in the hotel. I would recommend eating off the property, as the food was nothing special and not worth the price.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Krd
<Content>Hawaii 5-0 at the Marriott A group (10 women celebrating some turning 50) of us stayed at the Marriott Waikiki from 5/20-5/26. After reading the reviews I was concerned about the property, but after staying there I would stay again. My sister and I were on the 22nd floor of the P Tower. Friends were in the K tower and their rooms appeared to be bigger than ours, but for the amount of time we were in the room, space was not an issue. Bathroom (toilet/shower) area was small, but worked for us. A pocket door separated this area from the sink/vanity area. Room was clean and there were plenty of towels. (I am very picky about that). Our view was a little disappointing, we were in 2265 (ocean view), and while we had a view of the ocean, there was a building right in the middle of our view. Location was great, we were close to Diamond Head and the Zoo and the beach was right across the street. We rented beach chairs (2) and an umbrella for $10 per hour/$40 per day. We only rented for an hour since we were not really into lying out on the beach. This hotel is not a bad walk to the International Market and not to bad a haul to the high end stores area (Tiffany). One of the best parts of my trip was the daily breakfast buffet at the hotel (I know I have issues), the food was great (cinnamon rolls were to die for). Service was just okay, had to hunt down our server on several occasions to get silverware/water, but the food more than made up for it. Tried the Sushi place, not an expert on Sushi but the California roll was good and reasonable ($3.25). Pool area was nice, we never had a problem finding a lounger and it appeared to be open all the time. ABC stores are plentiful around the island and there are two in this hotel. If looking for a beach mat, the ABC store near the valet was cheaper than the one near the beach (.99 compared to $1.69). Activities I would recommend. (This was our first time in Hawaii): E NOA Circle Island Tour (Tour #3) - Tour was great; it included Pearl Harbor and all the other major points of interest. Just know that the lunch stop is a company owned lunch truck and several people were not happy they didn鈥檛 get a choice. Maitai- Catamaran Sail- This was the highlight of the trip. We took the sunset sail on Friday (drinks are included). Friday the local boaters race to Diamond Head, so you are out there with all the other boats. Great!!! Also sailed near a school of dolphins, wasn鈥檛 able to get any good shots of them surfacing with my camera in camera mode, but someone recommended taking it in video mode. It was too late for me but may help someone else. Overall- I enjoyed my stay at the Marriott, but IF I go back (9 陆 hour flight), I would try to stay at the Halekulani (which was beautiful).  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>Traveljunkie234
<Content>Worth what we paid, but...... Stayed at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort for a couple of nights before getting on a cruise -- this was not the cruise sponsored hotel; stayed in this hotel because our friends were able to get us a great deal due to contacts within Marriott. Overall, I found this hotel to be clean and with a great location. The bed was comfortable. The view from the balcony was very nice. The bathroom is way too tiny for a hotel of this supposed calibre. The tub and toilet are crammed into one room and the vanity area doubles as your coffee/tea making area.Did not go in the pool but checked it out. It was small, but clean.Did not eat at any of the hotel's eateries, opting rather to walk to other places on the beach front....lots of choices, so don't feel like you would be stuck with the hotel options.We got a great deal on this hotel and it was worth what we paid, but if we had had to pay regular rates, I would have been disappointed.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>sdtravelguy
<Content>Not All That My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the beginning of May because we got a special rate. As soon as I checked in I knew it was not going to be a pleasant stay. The person checking us in was not very friendly and gave me a bit of an attitude about the rate that I am paying, so she stuck me in probably the worst room in the hotel (which is huge by the way). My room was on the 5th floor overlooking the vents to something below, which ran all day and night, so you could never have your balcony door open. When I went back and asked if we could get a better room, the same person commented that I got what I paid for and I would have to pay an additional $75 a night if I wanted something else. Well, being on a budget, I just stuck it out. Then, my room key kept not working, so I would have to go down to the desk EVERY TIME and get a new one. I would advise to stay at other resorts in the area, they know how to treat people.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>jenshaw12
<Content>Good Stay My husband and I stayed at this property for 3 nights starting May 5th, before heading off to Kauai. We used Priceline (name your own price feature) and payed $160.00 per night. At this rate I thought the hotel was great, given the high prices in Waikiki. The property is lovely (shops, lobby, etc.) Our room was very basic, rather small. But it was clean and comfortable. I would not really describe the rooms as run down, but they could use a bit of polish. Example, the vanity in the bathroom could of used a paint job-but it was acceptable, not perfect. The staff was very pleasant. No problems. The valet service was very efficient. We did not eat at any of the hotels resturants, use the spa services, or the pool. In fact we spent little time in our room. Really just slept there. The Waikki Marriott served our purposes perfectly for a good price. If I was spending an extended period of time in Waikki, planning on spending a lot of time at the resort, or paying rack rates, I would probably choose a different hotel. I think we got a great deal given the price we paid. (4 star for priceline price). However, if we had paid rack rates I probably would have felt we over paid (3 star for rack rates). All in all our experience was positive one at the Marriott.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lorelaigilmore
<Content>We loved the view from the lanai! We had a wonderful stay at the Marriott Waikiki. Definitely splurge for a room with a view. It makes such a huge difference for us! Every time we got back in the room, we went out to the lanai and sat there as long as we could. Our room was on the side of the tower closer to the ocean and our lanai looked out to Diamond Head and had a side view of Waikiki Beach. Lovely lovely! The room was sparse because there was but one painting on the wall, but the beds were comfortable and we liked having a fridge in the room for our water bottles and leas. The bathroom was very clean with a separate room for the bath tub and toilet. The shower pressure was great! We loved the waffle-weave bathrobes!If the hotel can provide free WiFi, that would be even better. For now, it costs almost $15/day if you need to use the internet in your room.The hotel breakfast buffet downstairs was very nice with delicious tropical fruits (must try the papayas). The location can't be beat! The beach is just across the street and everything else in Waikiki is within walking distance!We will come back! :)  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tripperATL
<Content>Nice location, great service Just returned from the Marriott Waikiki and overall I really liked the hotel, but thought it lacking in some polish for a hotel that advertises (and charges) as a 鈥淏each Resort and Spa鈥?yet doesn鈥檛 quite always meet those high expectations.CHECK-IN/SERVICE: easy enough, and staff was very friendly and helpful. Especially if you are wanting an upgrade. Seriously they will be happy to sell you an upgrade on the room. Side note: We stayed here redeeming hotel points, and since I was not the redeemer, I cannot complain much. But I do take exception when you have redeemed points for a category 6 hotel, but get basically a category 3 room, and are talked into upgrading to the more expensive room. It is a smaller nit to pick; I just get bugged by all the nickel and dime business, especially when you鈥檝e already paid that much more for a room. That said the service (concierge staff, bellmen and housekeeping) were all very good and helpful, worth the tips.RESORT: lovely, open lobby with waterfalls, tropical flowers. The hotel is divided into two large towers, that even if off the street, most rooms should provide some view. I say off the street, because it is not on the sand; it is at Waikiki Beach, not on it. You must cross the main street, which while not a big deal is worth noting. It is closer to the Diamondhead end of the strip, which offers a nice protected section of beach and smaller crowds. There are two small (not uncommon for the area) but nice pools with nicer deck chairs, a pool bar, a hot tub and cabanas (for a fee), a small but highly promoted spa, a garage ($18/day fee), internet access (for a fee) and a small gym (no charge!). The public areas all were very nice and impressive-the website photographer did an excellent job of making everything seem bigger and better-the halls standard Marriott with brightly colored carpet done in a tropical print. There was an open courtyard with some shops, and several average hotel restaurants. DINING: We only tried a couple places there, just for convenient meals. Most were the standard hotel fare, serviceable and overpriced, such as the Kuhio Grill and Pool Bar for dinner/lunch. My sister liked the cheaper Run sushi place, and we had good luck at the 鈥淚talian鈥?cafe. We did not try any of the nicer restaurants as we were trying more of the local places and usually ate a store-bought breakfast of cereal/muffins/fruit in our room.ROOM: We were on a corner ocean side room on the 15th floor. There is a large picture window and a nice balcony offering SPECTACULAR views of the beach and water, and Diamondhead. There is a small refrigerator in the TV cabinet, and we requested a small microwave as well. The TV was small, and with fewer channels than almost any hotel I鈥檝e visited, but with it being Hawaii and all, I guess they save on the cable knowing that most guests do not spend much time in their rooms. Even being that high, you could hear noise from the street and the pool deck below, so if you are a light sleeper, see if you can go even higher.Our corner 鈥渟uite鈥?was basically a larger room with two queen beds and a sleeper sofa. The beds were comfortable and well-made with nice white linens, but overall the room appearance was lacking. If you look at the pictures posted by others, you will see the older furniture, dated fixtures, which are cheapened by the bright green/yellow accent colors of the curtains and minimalist d茅cor. The bathroom was basically a standard hotel bathroom which is fine for a standard price, but not for the upgrade to 鈥淰iew-Suite-Third person-Resort鈥?price. It also needs an update, as there were scuff marks, and peeling enamel or tile on the tub, and the dimmest vanity light I have ever encountered. They have to think the women will use the desk as their make-up/hair area. Another nit to pick-there was a single light control for the bathroom, so if you turned on the light in the tub/toilet area, the light would also come on in the sink/vanity area bothering people in the night/morning as there was not a door to block the admittedly dim light.I feel like I am being overly harsh as the hotel is very nice and we REALLY enjoyed our stay, but Marriott could/should do a little better to stick with the claim (and price tag) of 鈥淏each Resort and Spa.鈥?br/>  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>saturn0022
<Content>Nice stay at the Waikiki Marriott       Pool area  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bayareasportguy
<Content>Exceeded Expectations       Sunset on Beach in front of Hotel  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>LAX20531
<Content>Great location but rooms need updating       Small vanity. Old sink with new granite top.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Hapa_haole
<Content>Prime Waikiki Location for Fun, Sun, and those on the Run       With a view like this, it was hard to leave the room! (Kealohilani Tower 14th floor)  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>james5171
<Content>Nothing to complain about Stayed at the Marriott from 4/26 thru 5/2. Checking in after a long day of traveling was easy. The front desk people were very friendly. Had a city view room, but was given a complimentary upgrade to a full ocean view due to my platinum status. Also was sent a complimentary pineapple and water after arriving in the room. The room was great. The view was unbelieveable! Would recommend an upgrade to ocean view! The housekeeping staff was super. They checked every night to see if we needed more towels, and to drop off chocolate....very nice! Everything is within walking distance. Run's, a small sushi bar in the hotel is highly recommend. Read some complaints about the slow elevators. I never had to wait more than a minute for the elevator. Some reviews also complain about the outdated rooms. I found the rooms to be more than acceptable. The small fridge in the room was also nice. The beach is right across the street. Would recommend Roberts for shuttle service to and from the airport. Also Reliable Shuttle for a trip to Pearl Harbor instead of the expensive tours. They run every hour and the drivers are great!!Would stay away from Cheese (space) burger in Paradise. Thought this was associated with the Jimmy Buffett Cheeseburger (note no space) in Paradise chain, but learned it is not. The cashier actually left to watch the last few moments of a basketball game, leaving customers standing there for several minutes. Service was poor, and the food was poor. Duke's Canoe Club was also poor. Never saw a waitress until it was time to pay the bill. Would not return. You won't go wrong with a stay at the Waikiki Beach Marriott!  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>calpyro
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed for 2 nights after our week in Maui. There were 3 of us total - my husband, myself and our 20 Month old. We arrived at the hotel at about 11 am and were still able to check in to a room, which turned out to be an upgraded executive suite. I have to echo how wonderful the beds were! We were on the 24th floor, so didn't use the balcony at all since they weren't toddler friendly and I was a little freaked out about it.... Spent a lot of time at the beach or hanging out at the pool. Pretty friendly hotel for an active toddler to run around and look at the water fountains... The breakfast buffett at the Kuhio Grill was VERY kid friendly - the staff was great - especially Florence! It is a bit expensive, but we thought it was worth it. Only 2 less than thrilling things, neither of them major issues...1) lots of timeshare stuff everywhere... they were really pushing the Ko'Ona stuff everywhere in the hotel... I never was approached by a sales person, but they had a huge desk outside of our elevators and I quickly learned that they were not the concierge staff! and 2) Our room wasn't serviced - we were out on the middle day from 9 am - 2 pm and came back to let my son have his nap... no one came to clean the room until 3:30, and we thought nap time was more important... I was able to call to get fresh towels brought up and they came very quickly. Nothing to major... I think it was just a bit of a change for us after having been in Maui for a week!Other recommendations - Don't get a car!! We were planning on staying in Waikiki the whole time and didn't use a car at all.. Plus parking was $25 a day... If you are planning on going around the island, there is GREAT public transit everywhere... For those of you with vehicle obssessed toddlers - save your trolley and bus riding until the end of your trip. My son would throw tantrum everytime he saw others getting on to a bus, which is ALL the time in waikiki! THat being said if you can find a resturaunt facing the road - it's great entertainment for them! There are free trolleys to Hilo Hattie and the Ala Moana Shopping Center...  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>gregoDfw
<Content>What I expect from Marriott I stayed at this property on Apr 27 2007 and found it to be better than most of the reviews. We stayed in the Paoakalani Tower and found the room to be updated, very clean and typical Marriott. We were upgarded due to Marriott Rewards to a partial ocean view. It is busy hotel in bustlilng city but found the location to be great. Easy walking distance to any Waikiki attractions. I didn't have any real interaction with the staff during a one night stay.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Mcarwel
<Content>Our Honeymoon at the Waikiki Beach Marriott       nightly view from 17th floor  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fredrock
<Content>Nice place and it's Honolulu People want to complain about the noise on Honolulu/Waikiki area. Sorry but you are in the city. If you want to get away from the touristy Hawaii go to the big island or Kaui. Or just stay at the Trutle Bay Resort on the north shore (where we just came from before checking in at the Marriott for my wife's meeting...see my review on the Turtle Bay Resort). We have stayed in Waikiki many times and this is the first time we stayed at the Marriott. The lobby is very nice. We self parked the car and if their is no space they will valet the car for you for the self park price. Bad thing about this is that they don't know when it fills up so you have to find out for yourself then circle around to the front to tell them. We switched to valet parking on our third day of our stay and we were charged self parking throughout our whole stay. The pools are ok but hey you have Waikiki right across the street. It is right across the beach, I don't know what another poster is talking about when he said it's a block away. Waikiki is a long beach, so maybe he was talking about the center of the beach where it is very crowded. Here is my secret, go in front of the Royal Hawaiian Hotel (pink hotel) near their reef, go out past the reef and just hang out....sooner or later a turtle or two will be swimming next to you. Don't handle them...it's illegal. I always go to this spot and turtles are there all the time. It does get rocky out there so get some water shoes and you can buy at the ABC stores. Waikiki is not that deep you can actually walk about two hundred yards out. That's why no sharks are out there...it's too shallow. But if you wanna see Sharks check out my shark encounter review I did in 2006. Back to the Marriott, we ate at the Kuhio grill for their dinner buffett. If you wanna catch up on your sports, you can head up to the bar up on the second floor near the pool. I still don't get why people order Budweiser when your in Hawaii....try a Mai Tai. The beds are to die for. My daughter didn't want to go in the portable crib they set up for us. She loved the bed. I used to think the Bed at the Palms in Vegas was the best until I slept on these. Yes there are other places to stay in Waikiki Honolulu area just try them all. I rate a 4 and I would stay here again but I would try other places just like trying another other hotes in Vegas. One more thing to add is, if you want to buy souvineirs there are some at Walmart behind Ala Moana mall or get them at the Aloha Bowl swap meet on Wed, Sat and Sun. The prices are must cheaper at these places. Aloha!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>wanderingpuck
<Content>better than expected! We chose the Marriott in Waikiki, for our first visit to Hawaii. We went to celebrate our 25th Anniversary, and I must say, the hotel exceeded my expectations! I'm a Marriott Platinum rewards member, so I've stayed in Marriotts before. This hotel was just beautiful.....modern, clean, with all the ameneties easily accessible for such a sprawling property (contrary to some reviews I'd seen here). We upgraded our partial-ocean view room to a deluxe ocean view (front tower)when we arrived, and my only dissapointment was we were charged for that, in spite of our anniversary and my club member staus. Oh well, was worth the try! We found the view absolutely breathtaking, worth the upgrade. The Lanai looked out on the pool  ocean, and the front bay windows were full ocean. I could just stand there and take it in all day! The concierge was helpful booking activities, though she could have been a bit more informed about details like visitor volume at Pearl Harbor, closure staus at Diamond Head, etc. Just a suggestion, but if you're first timers as we were, check into the activity/ venue on line ahead of time to get a feel for it, don't just rely on the concierge. An example of this was our excursion to the Polynesian Cultural Center, I was really just looking for a great Luau, and ended up spending a long, 12 hour day at the cultural center...very educational, if thats what you want. I suspect had our kids been with us, they'd have been bored. And the Luau was pretty bad. So I'm still searching for the Hawaii beach Luau experience, more reason to return. On the other hand, Haonuma Bay and Pearl Harbor are absolute not-to-be-missed must dos! Finally, all the hotel restaurants (we ate at 4 of them) were first rate and reasonably priced, particulary the breakfast buffet at the grill (served 5-11AM, very convenient!). We had a great time  would return here again!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>cybergec
<Content>Bad experience, do not stay here I stayed for a week at the Waikiki Marriott and had a horrible experience. The noise was terrible and the rooms were really run down. There are so many other options in Waikiki, I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Eric_Beylon
<Content>Nice stay A very nice location and a very good hotel as long as one wants to stay at Waikiki (certainly not the best Hawaian experience : crowds everywhere, noise, poor beach, etc.).Valet parking, front desk, breakfast restaurant, room service, room itself : everything was as good as in other Marriott locations. Hotel welcomes a lot of Japanese honeymooners, and large American families. So be prepared to international atmosphere, kids running everywhere and some noise.One complaint about the elevators : there are not enough of them, and they do not seem to be working fast. As a result, you have to wait in line on ground floor when you want to reach your room at 'peak' hours (morning after breakfast and, worst of all, late afternoon when everybody comes back from beach or excursions) ! May be this problem is limited to the tower we were in (the further from the beach)?We tried the Italian restaurant, which was fine but with slow and unefficient service.To sum up, this hotel is perfect if you enjoy big resorts and the busy urban-like atmosphere of Waikiki. If you plan a romantic getaway, fly to less crowded islands or settle at another location.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>cool-al
<Content>OK, but not Mariott like Stayed at Mariott for 7 nights with my wife. Upon arrival, we received a free room upgrade for a partial ocean view. Nice lobby and perfect location right across from the beach. But room looked kind of old to me - the carpet was stained, I could clearly see a greasy fingerprints all over the walls, and room just didn't smell too good. Bathhrom looked very old too - the paint was chipped in the bath tub. Though the overall experience was OK, I will definetely try some other places next time I'm in Honolulu.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	2	4	2	3	

<Author>MandyS.
<Content>TERRIFIC TROPICAL HONEYMOON We stayed at the Wakiki Beach Mariott for 10 days, on May 23rd-June1st in 2004 for a wonderful Honeymoon. We booked our stay Over the phone directly with the Mariott, there was a little confusion about which tower we would be in at first as they Would not and Could not guarantee a certain one over the phone until we arrived. We were nervous about that because it being our honeymoon, we wanted it to be oceanfront directly! When we arrived, we spoke with a nice man at the desk who was more than happy to make it happen for us though! with an increase in price from 269.00, it ended up being approx. 302.00 a night. It was by far the best vacation we've ever taken and was just wonderful. It was a very peaceful and relaxing stay! Our room was directly facing the ocean in the main beach tower and we could see a magnificent view of the ocean. We had a huge balcony and enjoyed looking at the surfers and clear water daily. The room was beautifully decorated with NEW tropical linens and soft down bedding. We had a very nice sized room, bigger than the standard ones in other towers. It was very wide and had a good sized bathroom. There was plenty of furniture for all of our things and the maids furnished us with more than enough service and towels. This hotel is breathtaking with the atrium, shops and restaurants. The concierge was more than helpful with helping us decide which excursions and trips to take. We went to the beach daily which was kinda crowded, but well worth it. The ocean is clear and has a huge wall that seperates the fish and waves. so that you may float on a float and be wet while sunbathing. ---This was my favorite thing! Only BE--CAREFUL, My float got sucked into one of the crackes in the wall, while I was sunbathing and I went under and got suked by the waves hitting numerous rocks! and lost my float. that was scary but luckily a local grabbed me from the rock pier and saved me. I had panicked because the waves here are horrendous, and I really could have drowned while hubby was on the beach asleep. We had a good laugh about it later and I couldnt have thanked that local enough!!!! Im sure I looked like an idiot. but at least I can worn others not to get too close to that thing! Needless to say I didnt fall asleep anymore on the float, I def. paid more attention.The nightlife is fun, The Locals ARE GREAT! however, some tourists --from other countries werent as nice as the locals and us in the US. I found that to be a downer. it is VERY crowded on the streets when walking on the sidewalks and they never moved, the would BUMP into you,them walking 6 wide, and not even blink or be sorry!I LOVED COCONUT WILLIES! its not in the hotel but its several blocks down inside the marketplace! They are awesome! I LOVED the HOTEL Italian Rest. It was Magnificant! We ate there quite a bit and LOVED every dinner! We would definately stay here again! It couldnt have been any better!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TheTravelBugBitMe
<Content>I am DISAPPOINTED marriott you could of done so much better The Hotel itself is pretty nice. It has small shops in and around it (kinda like 7-11) if you forgot something. The beach is a block away it is NOT RIGHT ON the beach. Its ok not great for sure. Its waiting area surrounded by rocks if you swim out far enough you can go into deeper water. I did like the fish swimming all around my feet there were little tiny fish everywhere and like a half dozen bigger fish i saw the day that I left. for a place that thrives on tourism the people at that Marriott could of been ALOT friendlier then they were, and if you want to make a complaint about something go into your hotel room pick a wall and complain to it you get as far with that as you will complaining to staff at the desk. I complained about a couple of employees and they first one they stuck up for after she made me feel very UNWELCOME in there hotel. The second was a rude waitress at the second floor resteraunt who needs a lesson in courtousy. The manager on duty did nothing about either. I even called the 800 number and got nothing for my efforts. I had to go call corprate office to be helped out. I spend a heep on this trip and will think twice about where I stay next time I go out there for sure. For you people who are heading out to Honolulu DEFINITLY DO NOT MISS the sea life park. and if you want to see wild dolphins turtle and fish look up KO Olina Ocean Adventures they will take good care of you. Dont forget to visit the whales I went in mid March and there was a ton of whales  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>atlantaresident
<Content>Great Location Hotel had a great location. Beach is across the street with no intervening buildings. Walk to Park, Aquarium, Zoo, Beachwalk, other hotels. Front tower has no lobby. Concierges in both lobbies closed at 5PM and had NO maps. (She apologized and said they ran out of good maps six months before. The guest binder promises special jogging and driving maps to all locations.) Room was fine but VERY UN-Polynesian-Hawaiian. BIG negative - the Tiki Grill next door in Resort Quest played loud amplified music at BREAKFAST and again at night until 11 PM. It woke us in the morning and made us up the volume on our TV at night.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>copout104
<Content>Could not ask for a better hotel experience My wife and I just left last Sunday and we are already planning our next trip. And we will stay at this hotel again. We live in Florida and usually vacation in the Caribbean. The Caribbean has beautiful Islands and scenic views-- but Hawaii has all that and more, the difference is the locals. The people are so friendly--and its a real friendly-not put on. And it starts and ends with this hotel. I just cannot understand anybody saying anything negative about this hotel. Scenic views, right next to beach, two ABC stores, two Seattle Coffee shops and the some of the best food on the Island right downstairs. Add to that a very efficient staff--what more can you ask for. If you read negative comments on this site about the Marriott Waikiki--you are reading the comments of the glass is half full attitude people. Or maybe that just got up on the wrong side of the bed--but how can that be--those are the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. Seriously folks--paying cash or using points--you can't go wrong with this hotel. No I didn't get paid for these comments.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FLDoyle
<Content>Great Location - good price My spouse and two teenagers stayed here for four nights. I read some of the reviews, both good and bad and decided to take a chance anyway. I was not disappointed. I found the staff quite friendly, our room was awesome! It was a corner deluxe location and it was great....lots of room, an oversized bathroom and not one but two balconies to look out from. The hotel is located in the heart of everything on Waikiki Beach so shopping and dinning were very easy to do on foot. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingRN
<Content>Good Hotel               More photos  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>DCbeachgirl
<Content>Don't get your hopes up! My husband and I stay in Marriott's all the time for both work and pleasure and honestly I am in shock that this is a Marriott property. From what I've seen and experienced it gives off the feeling of a cheap budget hotel. When we checked in we pointed out to the registration desk that we had Gold status and qualified for an upgrade. If that was an upgrade then I'm scared to see what we were originally booked in. The rooms are super small and mini balconies. In the title of the hotel they classify themselves as a resort and spa. Well I went to the spa and they informed me that they have no affiliation with the hotel. Not only that - the spa is a joke. The woman's locker room contains a bathroom, shower and some lockers. You won't find any luxuries such as a steam room or sauna but you will pay high luxury spa prices - not exactly sure why. Then there are the concierges who act annoyed that you are asking questions about what to do and where to eat - sorry thought that was their job to tell me about Pearl Harbor or give me a restaurant choice which doesn't serve greasy bar food. Boy was I wrong - do your research before going as I subsequently found out I had to do once I got there. Don't expect a nice gym either. They have the typical run of the mill overly used equipment. I can't comment on the weights since I didn't use them. Bottom line if you're not looking for anything special except a place to sleep - stay at the Waikiki Beach Marriott.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>HoustonSailor
<Content>Decent, but not awesome Stayed here for two nights after being at Ko Olina Beach Club for a week. I will start out by saying that Waikiki is not my favorite part of Oahu, but the Marriott was OK. Location is not ideal, being near the far end of the strip though it does offer views of Diamond Head from some rooms. Furninshings were decent and the mini fridge was a nice convenience. Bed was VERY comfy. Lanai was nice, but a bit noisy (you are in an urban area). Pool was small but there is always the beach. Poolside drinks were quite good, though pricey as expected. Breakfast buffet was also quite good, but overpriced. There is a bus stop right behind the hotel and you can travel anywhere for only $2. Would probably stay somewhere else next time, but would not rule out this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Mamagigi
<Content>Very good hotel This is my fourth visit to Hawaii and my first stay at the Waikiki Beach Marriott Resort and Spa. I am a Marriott rewards member and have stayed at many Marriott hotels throughout the United States. I traveled with my husband and six year old son and stayed at the hotel for 7 nights. Check-in was fast and easy. The staff of the hotel was great 鈥?always helpful and very pleasant. We requested a partial ocean view room, in a high floor, with a King size bed and a rollaway for my son. There is a small refrigerator in the room where you can store drinks or milk for the kids. The hotel offered a number of amenities, many activities, and indoor parking for $18/day. There is an activity desk at the lobby where you can get information and buy tickets for a number of activities throughout Hawaii (Oahu and other islands). Also available at the lobby is a computer where you can easily confirm your flight and print your boarding pass the day before your trip. If you bring your laptop, high-speed Internet connection is available in the room.The Seattle coffee shop is conveniently located on the first level of the hotel. It became our breakfast routine to have one of their wonderful coffee drinks, juices, breads, muffins, or cakes, every morning. There is an ABC store adjacent to the coffee shop that has most items a traveler with kids may need, including bathing suits, floats, medicine, drinks, snacks, caps, sunscreen, etc., all for a very good price. If you like Italian food, there is a great Italian restaurant right outside the hotel called Arancino Di Mare. It is family friendly and reasonably priced.We were a bit disappointed with the 鈥減artial ocean view鈥? which offered a very limited view of the ocean. However, we did have a nice view of Diamond Head. The high floor was a very good option to avoid the noise from the streets and restaurants around the hotel. The King size bed was very comfortable, but the rollaway we requested for our son was extremely uncomfortable and old. I requested the rollaway to be changed and the hotel promptly exchanged it. Unfortunately, the replacement had the same problem 鈥?you could feel the coils in the mattress while laying on it. The TV and hair dryer were also very old. The TV did not have a video in/output to hook up my son鈥檚 portable DVD. This was a problem for us given that the hotel does not offer a single children鈥檚 channel like Disney, Nickelodeon, Boomerang, etc. When we got back to the hotel after a long day of activities, my son was very tired and wanted to watch a cartoon or children鈥檚 program, but nothing was available. The hair dryer was old and bad. It took a very long time to dry my hair and the end result was poor to say the least.I would certainly recommend this hotel given the amenities it offers, its location, and the service provided. If I were to go back to the same hotel, I would request two double beds (instead of a King and a rollaway) and a room with a newer TV and hair dryer. Aloha!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>blatt1980
<Content>Great place to stay! I thought this place was great. We stayed in the K tower (closer to the beach). I don't understand what people say about the rooms not being upgraded or being old. We asked for and got a city view room with one queen size bed. The room was not huge, but it was nice and what we expected. Everything in the room seemed pretty new and was really nice. The bathroom wasn't huge either, but it had a marble countertop sink, and the floor and shower all had marble tile. The only thing I didn't like about the room was the door on the bathroom was one that slid shut, not a regular door. The lanai wasn't huge, but it was big enough for me and my husband to sit out on and be comfortable. The lobby area and the area between the two towers was very nice, lots of flowers. All of it seemed really new. I just don't understand the complaints of this hotel at all. All of the wood furniture in the room was very nice and not old at all. I only saw one pool, and yes, it was small. But for us, we didn't book the hotel for the pool, and we didn't even use it. We saw mostly younger kids using it. Walking by other pools on the beach, none of them seemed huge, so I don't think big pools are something hotels worry about in Waikiki. Also the elevators were fine. Sometimes there was a longer wait than other times, but I didn't find that it was excessive or aninconvience at all. Also I read on here about thin walls and hearing a lot of noise. Us having a city view on the 9th floor, I did hear some street noise. If a fire engine went by or a really loud truck, we could hear that. Regular street noise (regular cars, buses, people) we could not hear with the door shut. Also, we could hear other toilets flush, but we could not hear people talking, or making any other noise, we could also hear the people around us close and open their lanai door. I will say that some of the people at the front desk are not very friendly. One lady just seemed like she wanted to get rid of us. But we did talk to one guy that was very helpful, so they are just hit and miss. The concierge was very helpful and they are very friendly, so don't hesitate to ask them even the littlest question, they were always very nice to us. So in all I would say that this is a wonderful place to say. Very resort like, very comfortable. This is a long review, but I wanted to give my honest opinion and talk about the issues I had read on here. We didn't rent a car (really wasn't necessary) so we didn't have to worry about parking. But I noticed on Friday night the parking lot was all full and people were having problems finding a spot (our room overlooked part of the parking garage). It looked like the parking garage was pretty tight too, but we drove in another hotels' parking garage, and that was tight, so it seems like it might be a Waikiki thing. And the bed was the best, but I figured from all the other reviews that that goes without saying!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>manateePennsylvania
<Content>loved it I stayed here for 2 weeks in March and it was wonderful. The checkin staff was wonderful, my housekeeper was extra friendly and was always careful to try to leave the room just as I would like it. The breakfast in the grill is outstanding; I have never seen anything so beautiful and delicious. The papaya and strawberries were the best, fresh muffins, eggs anyway you want them, bacon, sausage, etc, potatoes, cereals, juices, hot cakes, waffles, There was much more but too much to describe. I was honestly not hungry till dinnertime. My room was spotless. I had a partial ocean view and my room was quiet and the a/c worked great. This hotel is in perfect location for everything you would want to do. I can't imagine a better place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cburows
<Content>Loved the Room  We only stayed one night before we got on to the Pride of Aloha cruise ship. When we got to the hotel I was to check in at the NCL cruise desk but instead I went to the main desk by mistake. They showed me where to go, my husband found a bell man and he asked our name, he had our luggage up to our room by the time we were done checking in and got to the room. When we got to the room we were pleasantly surprised. You could look out one window and look directly down at the pool or look out and see Waikki Beach. If you looked out the other window you could see the beach. What a wonderful view and balcony. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Unfortunatly, we were so tired from the 9 hour flight and 5 hour time difference all we had a chance to eat at was the cafe by the check in desk, the food was great there. After our long nap we woke up at midnight and was hungry but all the restraunts at the hotel were closed. I wish they had a 24 hour cafe or something open. It was beautiful. I wish we would of booked an additional night after the cruise but next time we will. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would stay there again. Thanks Marriott for a great and comfortable stay.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SacGirlBera
<Content>Overpriced Resort First time going to Hawaii. Arrived there and the person who check us in (Jon) was very rude and told us not to expect anything that you saw on the brochures from the travel agency. Rooms were out dated, beds were very comfortable. The sink plugged up all the time and when you call the front desk to report the problem, they don't answer. No one ever answers the phone at the front desk. But they will answer the phone to concierge. The nicest people were at concierge when we booked shuttles. They were very helpful and knew exactly what to book. Hawaii on television is truly a vision, it doesn't exist in Oahu. It's Little Los Angeles. And Marriot did not live up to it's name at this resort.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>1	3	2	3	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Bessert1
<Content>Decent Waikiki Hotel Our stay at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort was my first stay in Waikiki, but my wife's second. We had read up on all the lodging choices both in our Oahu Revealed guidebook by Andrew Doughty (reccommended!) and here on TripAdvisor and were prepared for high prices and tired-looking rooms. We decided to try this property both based on the reviews here and because we've had good experiences at other Marriott locations.This hotel was, in comparison to our expectations and my wife's previous Waikiki stay, a bit better than we expected. There were several postive aspects and a few negatives, but overall we would choose this location again when staying in Waikiki.Most of the positives have already been mentioned, so I'll just sum up: very comfortable beds, nicely-appointed rooms, nice ocean views, plentiful bathroom amenities, very good location, great housekeeping, an ABC store right in the hotel, decently-sized lanai with two chairs and a small table, etc. We had a one king room in the K Tower on the 9th floor and a partial-ocean view (although it was a very nice view). The hotel staff we encountered were always nice and friendly.The two main negatives (although you ARE in Hawaii, so things like these should bug you less) were the parking situation and the elevators. While some come to Waikiki to lay out on the beach the whole time, my wife and I like to experience the area. So we did rent a car during our stay and paid the $18/night for parking. I can understand the price, but almost every day the structure was full because the hotel allows restaurant patrons and others to also use the structure. When full, the hotel directs you to either use the valet parking service or some other offsite parking location. If you don't plan on renting a car, this would be a moot point. The other negative was the elevators in the K Tower, which sometimes took forever to arrive. We were on the 9th floor (a little to far to hoof it on the stairs... with an 8-month old child in a stroller) and we could hear elevators by the dozens flying by while we sometimes waited 5-8 minutes for one to stop for us.In all, though, we felt that for the price, we did get a reasonable value and what negatives we did find were offset by the fact that we were in Hawaii in February. We're already thinking of returning in the next couple years and the Waikiki Beach Marriott will be on our short list next time as well.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>TechWriterCor
<Content>Just OK I stayed at the Waikiki Beach Marriott for one night. The hotel rooms were pretty dated and were more like a Holiday Inn than a Marriott. Our oceanview room did not have much of a view of the ocean. Parking was a mess. There was no self parking left, so they had to valet the car. The pool was very small for a resort. If you want to stay at a real resort in Waikiki, stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	2	4	2	

<Author>jazzmom
<Content>Waikiki Beach Marriott Hotel and Spa - It's all about the view! Booked 6 nights using Marriott Reward Points for March 1-8, 2007. Arrived at the hotel for check in and found our points certificate had not arrived. Front Desk agent seemed a bit rushed and not the most welcoming. Our assigned room was not what we had requested, with a queen bed instead of the king. Also, the view was of the parking garage top floor. After a 10 hour trip we were told check back the next day for alternate rooms. The following morning my wonderful husband arranged to pay extra for a full ocean view room. What a difference $120 extra per night makes! Absolutely stunning view from room 1923. The room itself was clean and spacious. The bathroom was very small. There was considerable noise in the corridors and also between rooms. We could hear the guests in the room next door talking till quite late. The pool area is fairly small for a hotel this big. The area around the hotel was lovely and the City of Honolulu does a wonderful job of keeping Waikiki Beach clean and picture perfect. Nice restaurants, not overly expensive and if you are in need of anything from wine to bandaids there is an ABC convenience store on every corner and in all the large hotels. We rented a car for two days and drove the island. It was well worth the cost. The North Shore is spectacular. Driving is easy and the roads pretty well marked. We thought the people of Hawaii were genuinely friendly and helpful. Can't wait to go back. Next time a different island, probably Kaui'i.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cavalierfan1
<Content>My worst stay ever at a Mariott and I worked for Marriott for 4 years.... I would not return to this hotel even if the stay were free with all ammenites included. My wife and I ran the Honolulu marathon on our first day. When we returned to the hotel my wife used the blow dryer and it caught on fire. The maitenance worker said he was surprised that a dryer that old was still in the rooms. The room was filled with a burnt electrical smell but management was unable to move us to another room. After that, we went out to diner and when we returned to the hotel we were unable to get into our room because the lock was broken. We spent 2 hour waiting to get into our room. They used a device that looked like a coat hanger to pick the lock. Then once again we had to wait another hour for maitenence to put on a new lock. After that, the room we were in was on the 7th floor. We asked the front desk if the room was quiet and we were told it was. The band in the hotel next door is on 3/4 floor bacony and it felt like the band was in our room. We had trouble hearing the TV over the band. With that said the restaurants were good. Management told us we must have a bad gremlin I'm not sure what that means. I worked for marriott for close to 4 years and have stayed at Marriotts around the world. This was the worst Marriott experience I've ever had and I would never stay at this location again under any circumstance.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>ESS_lover
<Content>Very close to the beach We booked a last-minute trip to Honolulu and ended up staying at this hotel for 5 nights. The hotel is very nice and Waikiki Beach is literally across the street. We had paid for a garden-view room, but when we got there they had automatically upgraded us to an ocean-view room which was very nice. The staff were very polite and accomodating.We did a package deal with the hotel that included free buffet breakfast every morning. I thought the buffet breakfast was okay (the scrambled eggs were gross) and my husband liked the custom omelette station. There is a pool with a bar near it on the third floor (the Moana Terrace) with a view of the beach below - the view is nice, but the drinks there are pretty crummy and expensive. I only mention it because it's a nice place to sip a drink and watch the sun go down. Parking at the hotel is expensive (as it is with other hotels in this area). We paid $25 a day for valet parking. It's cheaper if you self-park, but harder to do in their small parking garage. Unless you plan on driving all over the island, pass on getting a rental car. We found that most of the things we wanted to do we could get there by walking or by taking a shuttle bus. A lot of the tour companies picked us up at our hotel, so we really only used our rental car for driving around the island one day and getting to and from the airport.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjgriffy
<Content>No worries... unless you paid too much Ideally located across the street from the beach, the recently renovated (partially) Waikiki Beach Marriott is a safe bet for a nice hotel. If possible, ask for a 鈥渕akai鈥?(ocean side) room, as the mauna (mountain) tower has not been fully renovated (as of my last visit). Being a large hotel, check in/out can be tedious and arduous, or it can be a tropical breeze鈥攄epending on the busloads of tourist that may be in line. Other than the most expensive hotels, almost everything is Waikiki is a a little bit 鈥渢ired.鈥?But I find the rooms here to be of moderate quality and finish, if they have been part of the recent remodel. All rooms that I have experienced have thin walls. Enjoy evening cocktails as you watch the sun set from the ocean view pool deck located a few floors above street level, or walk across the street for the nightly torch lighting and hula performances. I give the hotel only 3 stars because I think there are better values out there. I paid $125 for my last single room, which was probably a lower than average rate.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YTC
<Content>Great beds! We stayed at the Marriott Waikiki Feb 14-17, 2007. Because I had read reviews about noise at this hotel, I e mailed them to request a quiet room on a higher floor. They responded quickly and promised to honor my request. We were completely satisfied. The beds were really comfortable. The room was decorated nicely. We had a full view of Diamond Head out our sliding doors and a partial view of the ocean. The air conditioner on the roof of the building across the street that another Trip Advisor contributor complained about was below our balcony. We could hear it, but we felt it served to muffle the sounds of traffic that one can not escape in most Waikiki hotel rooms. We have stayed at many hotels in Waikiki (all the Sheratons, Hilton, Outriggers, Embassy Suites, etc). Waikiki is a busy place; it is somewhat unreasonable to expect a room in the middle of a busy city to be quiet. We found the Marriott to be as good or better than other hotels. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sawdust444
<Content>great place Stayed 5 nights through Pleasant holidays which included partial ocean view upgrade and 2 breakfast buffets each morning. We were in the rear tower which made it tough to see the ocean without hanging over the railing but we weren't in the room enough for this to matter. The breakfast has many items and was delicious but I dont usually gorge myself in the morning so wouldn't pay 20 bucks or so for it. Drink service around the pools was nonexistent for us . I went up to the bar and the bartender would only give me one drink at a time so had to deliver wifes then go back and sign again for mine. Do not stay on back side of front tower that is where air conditioner and parking lot is. The temp in our room was perfect day and night I dont even know if the air was on or not, never heard anything. Our departure was at midnight and we cou;ld access our luggage to change but were not informed of a hospitality room. We arrived late also, 11:30pm by the time we got situated, Tiki bar next door saved the day for food and drinks. After a hike to top of Diamond Head we stopped in to LuLu's on the corner. We ordered lunch and 2 beers. Lunch arrived before the waitress could walk 20 feet for the beers. ( the place was almost empty) She then informed us one of the beers we ordered was all out. We finished lunch before she could return with a replacement. Way to hang loose baby! Our room was very quiet, never knew we had neighbors. Elevator service was fine although sometimes funky. Once while descending just as we got to the first floor the elevator suddenly shot upwards and got to the 25th floor before we could stop it. I believe disneyland has a similiar ride. The staff and housekeeping were very friendly, I borrowed the maids vacuum cleaner to suck the air out of my space bags! No need for a car although one should rent one for a day and go to the north shore. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, good place and location  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TeamBossy
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Experience       View from the balcony  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kgirls
<Content>Heavenly beds, good location, older hotel Stayed here Feb 2007 and overall liked the hotel.The hotel is just across the street from the beach and perfect location for shopping. The bed was probably the most comfortable hotel bed I have slept in.The breakfast buffet was very good with a wide selection.The hotel is older and does show some wear and tear and its decor is outdated. The pool is about the size of a small backyard pool.I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Czern
<Content>Mariott Waikiki I recently returned from a stay, mid January at the MarriottWaikiki which was a major disappointment. Although therestaurants and shops on the first floor were good, therooms for the price were substandard. Our room hadfurniture that was old and very beat up, the bathroom was old,housekeeping showed up every day after 2 pm, there was no blow dryer in our room and the help wasn't going out of theirway to offer aloha spirit in any way. The Hilton Hawaiian Villagewhich I have stayed at in the past is a far superior hotel at abetter price.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shandy5165
<Content>Worth the 12 hour flight! I booked three nights here before our 10 day Hawaiian cruise. The resort was my favorite part of the trip! Splurge a little and get an ocean view room! We were on the 28th floor, wonderful ocean view and very quiet. The beds were sooo comfortable! Nice shopping area, very clean lobby and public areas. A little pricey to eat there, although the prime rib buffett one night was delicious! Lots of restaurants within walking distance. Staff was very helpful and courteous. Best bet...Buy an unlimited bus pass, you can go all around the islad for 4 days for $20. If you don't use all 4 days do what I did and give it to someone just checking in. I am sure you will be greeted with a big Mahalo!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mtnestAllgone
<Content>Pretty Good experience, BUT!!! MY wife and I stayed at the Marriot for three nights after an 11 night Hawaiian cruise.Overall, the stay was excellent. The room was large and had a kingsize bed that was the best bed we had ever slept in. Amenities in the room were above par, location of the hotel is terrific for those who want to be on Waikiki Beach (across the street, actually). You are really in the heart of the beach with great walking outside on Kalakaua Blvd. Concierge service was terrific overall, knowledgeable and courteous. All types of shopping and restaurants are nearby. Nightly hula concerts across the street were wonderful. If we had any complaint, it concerned the location of our room. We were on the fifth floor, facing a side street. For $300.00 plus per night we would have liked a higher floor with at least a partial ocean view. Such is life!! Our fifth floor room resulted in a steady barrage of noise from the street below during the night. Trucks, buses, cars, loud music and incessant beeping noise from trucks and buses backing up were the constant irritation nightly. As stated previously, we werepleased overall and understand that being in central Waikiki was a big plus and overall were quite pleased with our Marriot stay.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlbertaMayor
<Content>Outside Noise We checked into the hotel on January 26, 2007 for two nights and request to up grade for a ocean view.This wasdone for us at an additional cost of $55.00 per night for a partial ocean view. (view of Diamond Head) We found the hotel to be an excellent facility however we would suggest that any one booking a room on that side of the hotel be very carefull as to what room you are given. Our room number was 3068 and found when we opened the padio door we were greated by the noise of two large compressor fans directly below our room. We realize with the location of the hotel one can expect city noises however we were hopingto be able to sleep throught the night with our padio door open as we could breath in true Hawaian air. This of course was not possible. We therefore feel we did not receive the full benefit of upgrading our room. When checking out we commented to the clerk that they should make magement aware the room location but as we not making a postive comment he could not get rid of us fast enough. We would stay in this hotel again but would be very careful of the room location.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>trustyrusty
<Content>Not bad...for Waikiki This isn't a bad hotel. It has many rooms with amazing views of Diamond Head and Waikiki beach. The main problem with the hotel is that it is Waikiki. This is a gross little part of Hawaii that most locals would like to see fall off into the ocean. It's grungy, over-crowded, over-priced and un-Hawaiin.That being said, the hotel has some pros:-Great views-Great location in Waikiki (right across from the beach, walking distance to Kapiolani park and many restaurants)-Friendly staff-Full business center with all needed amenities-Comfortable rooms with quality beds and relatively spacious lanais-A cheap and decent sushi restaurant on the first floor ($2 buds all day)Cons:-In Waikiki-Limited garaged parking ($18/day) and expensive valet ($25 day)...I can't stress how frustrating it is to drive through an entire garage that is absolutely tiny only to find out there are no spaces and you need to use valet-Expensive internet access ($13 day)-Uninspiring restaurants (aside from aforementioned sushi)-Hordes of AARP tour groups-Expensive roomsIf you have to be in Waikiki you could do worse than this place.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>DecLove06
<Content>Our 1-night stay, after we left Maui for a week:( I hate to be so judgemental of this place b/c we did only stay one night but it was very noisy-where we were. We were upgrade to a partial ocean view-which was very nice-wonderful bed, clean, spotless room. The bathroom area was a little small-but that's okay b/c it was only one-night. Now I couldn't done this if we had, had to stay there our whole honeymoon. We were in Maui for 8 days before and decided to visit this island for 2 days (1 night). We absolutely loved Maui! It was nice and easy going and then we get here and its jam packed! The hotel was VERY busy. THe stafff were very nice at checking us in. Our room/lanai was right on a street and we were on the 13th floor and still could hear the noise from delivery trucks and cars! They do have a nice selections of shops in the hotel-the ABC store was a fav b/c they had snacks, drinks and souvenirs. We ate at Cheeseburger in Paradise right down the street and it was very good. I wouldn't recommend this to someone who is wanting to spend their honeymoon here-we went to the North Shore and visited Turtle Bay Resort and wished we would have went here.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dhardin
<Content>Very nice and good location It's a very nice hotel in a nice location along Waikiki. The hotel restaurants aren't all that great, but you can easily walk to other, better options. The rooms are comfortable, although the bathroom in the king-bed room is small (with a pocket door). The view from the deluxe ocean view is right over a noisy hotel air conditioner which is loud. Be forewarned--this hotel is NOT on the beach. Therefore, you'll never wake up, open the patio door and hear the ocean. If you weren't expecting that, it's fine.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abmaphd
<Content>Unacceptable noise on lanai Stayed 4 nights in this hotel for a conference and was given an upgrade to a room with a view of the ocean and Diamond head at $224 per night. Room was nice, as was hotel, BUTthere was a great deal of noise from an adjoining building (not a Marriott property) So much noise that I could not use the lanai (balcony) or even open the balcony door to get the sea breezes. I think that the noise was from the airconditioning unit on the top of the adjoining building. Very loud. Main desk said that they were unaware of the problem but I did not believe them. Do not stay at this side of the hotel, or if you do, open the balcony door and listen. Maybe they fixed the problem.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hamhem
<Content>Great hotel Went for a 3 day mini vacation from San Francisco. Had a great 19th floor corner oceanfront room that was huge. Very comfortable bed. Hotel was quiet, elevators fast, staff excellent, and the food very good. We had all our meals in the hotel at their 6 restaurants. Went twice to theSansei seafood and sushi restaurant. It was excellent and the wine list very reasonable. DK steakhouse was good with an excellent burger being the best buy..Restaurant Run (sushi and noodle bar) was an excellent lunch spot as was the pool side Moana terrace and Arancino's. A very pleasant stay. We are in are 60's, extensive travellers, and foodies for a point of reference.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>psu0904
<Content>Good Service, Good Experience       Sunset scene on the beach (across the street from the Marriott)  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jaquesspratt
<Content>First Class Experience All The Way We stayed 4 nights at the Marriott Christmas week, after a planned move from the Sheraton Waikiki. Although we arrived quite early in the AM, we were offered for immediate occupancy, an inexpensive, major upgrade to our booked room. It seems one has to take their web description of 'ocean front' with a grain of salt. An older property, the Marriott oozes class. Liberal use of wood and rich colors, along with maximum use of space open to the outside, sets the tone. The staff was friendly at all levels. Our room featured the new ultra Marriott beds, which some will find too soft. The pools are on a third floor open space and apart from a surfeit of ankle biters, were great. The floor also hosts two superb restaurants - Sansei contemporary Japanese, and B.K. Steakhouse and Seafood, by the same owners. These are highly rated by Zagat and others, and can't be faulted. A third restaurant, Arancino,on the first floor, offers excellent Italian food, despite very ordinary ambiance. The same can't be said for the hotel's own major first floor restaurant, the Kuhio Grill, featuring smorgasboard dining, where we had the worst Christmas dinner I can recall. The Marriott is located at the extreme East end of Waikiki, close to the Zoo. The area is replete with local color, which ads to the experience.A top pick for a longer stay and for those who appreciate a more relaxed environment.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wvlibra
<Content>Marriott was wonderful The Marriott Waikiki Beach far exceeded our expectations. The bedding was so comfortable; it just envelops you in softness. Precruise, we had a balcony room with partial ocean, partial city views. It was wonderful. Postcruise we had a 2 room, 2 bathroom, three balconies ocean front suite, with city side views. I had to call twice for a hairdryer before I was given one. First call at 8:30 pm to the Front Desk; second call at 9:00 am the next morning. Front desk just blew me off; but Housekeeping was very prompt. This hotel was a nice surprise  I would stay here again. NCL had a desk in the lobby which allowed for getting our pictures made, giving our credit card info for ship expenses,  made the check-in process at the ship terminal so easy. We just went to the Marriott check-in desk at the port  got our room keys. It was a breeze. We didn't have to touch our checked luggage from the time we checked into the Marriott until we boarded a taxi for the airport for the flight home. The ABC store in the lobby of the Marriott was so handy. They had my favorite drink, Diet Dr. Pepper, which saved me a trip to Walmart.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stringbean57
<Content>Loved the hotel and location!!       Honolulu viewed from Diamond Head  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gradetchr
<Content>Loved it       from our balcony  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Vizzy
<Content>Great location This hotel is in the middle of everything. Right across the street from the best part of Waikiki beach. Great live entertainment in the lobby/lounge area. Nice pool deck with great views.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KCMA79
<Content>Beware of Small Rooms I spent 2 nights at this hotel a week apart as a layover on a long flight. My first night I had a beautiful room in the new tower. It had a great bed and was very clean. I had two balconies plus a couch and easy chair. On my return trip a week later I was given a room in the old tower, room 508. I don't think I have ever seen a room that small in a US hotel/motel. The room was approx. 12ft x 12ft. It didn't have a balcony only a window. The window looked directly into the interior of the parking garage. If I had climbed out the window I would have been able to step onto the hood of the car parked below. The room was clean but the air conditioner roared like a threshing machine and there was a lot of noise from the hall.I would be very upset if I went there on vaction and got room 508.I ate the breakfast buffet and it was just OK and very expensive.There is a coffee bar in the lobby area and also an ABC store with a wide selection of snacks etc.I am a Marriott Rewards silver level member but that didn't prevent me from getting the world's smallest room.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>shakakan
<Content>Party environment at marriott First I'll start with the good. Beds were very comfy, service was good, location if you like to party was good. Not a quiet getaway by any means. Here are the negatives...Extremely noisy, walls and windows paper thin, pipes from flushing toilets actually scared me a few times it was so loud. I was in the front tower (K) and it is definately better as far as the rooms and the views. Everything will cost you money. Internet usage is $14.00 a day, rollaways are $40.00 a day. In all if you want to spend alot of money for a party atmosphere this is perfect otherwise look elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poofball1985
<Content>Loved the Marriott       The view from our room  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Mahalo06
<Content>Waikiki Beach Marriott is first rate!! We stayed at the Waikiki Beach Marriott from 11/2-9. We requested an upper floor and explained that it was for our 11th anniversary. At check-in we were told we had been upgraded to a king executive on the 30th floor (room 3055). The room was awesome! Very large, almost a suite and we had 2 balconies. View of the city and the ocean. The bed was extremely comfortable. The staff were polite and friendly without being phony. The location was great. Right next to Diamond Head and on Kalakaua Ave (the main street). We did valet parking for $19 a day but you could do your own parking for $15 a day. The valet service was really quick and easy. The beach is BEAUTIFUL and right across the street. We loved our stay here!! The food at the Moana Terrace near the pool was tasty. Also we suggest getting the breakfast buffet included with your rate. Excellent food every day!! The Japanese restaurant Sensai was to die for. We also recommend walking to the Sheraton Moana Surfrider to sit in their lounge chairs to view the ocean. Also go to the Royal Hawaiian Mai Tai Bar for a beautiful view of Diamond Head. Hanauma Bay is beautiful and great for snorkeling!! Go Have Fun!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>blenderbringer
<Content>Marriott is convenient The Waikiki Marriott is a great location. You walk out to the beach where you can see entertainment, learn to surf, swim, eat, drink, you name it. The hotel rooms are clean, but not modern. We stay in the newer tower, but the rooms still have popcorn ceilings and old style window treatments. If you are looking for a plasma TV and streamlined design, this is not your place. We have stayed in four different suites over the years, one of which was featured in their hard-cover book in the room. We have had views of Diamond Head and Waikiki beach. The beds are amazingly comfortable, with a featherbed, down comforter and plenty of pillows. The rest of the room is pretty average. They have two pools which are basic. They are both rectangles, no fancy fountains, swim up bars or kids stuff. They are large enough that you could get a little exercise. One is next to the restaurant and bar. You can be served in your lounge chair. They have massage available. They added a hot tub this year. The staff commitment varies. Some people are very helpful and personable... but not all. We always enjoy our stay, but we are not that picky.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>forensicblonde
<Content>Convenient Location The hotel is in a very good location right across from Waikiki Beach and close to all the Waikiki attractions. The hotel rooms are average size and has decent furnishings. The bed was GREAT and very comfortable. My room smells a bit musty, but not too bad. The restaurants in the hotel all have very good food. My only real complaint is it's very noisy with street traffic. I'm on the 20th floor, but it sounds like the trucks, trolleys, buses and cars are right outside my balcony, so leaving the patio door open for too long gets annoying. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ronpats
<Content>Great Location This hotel is ideally located for anything Waikiki. It is walking distance to just about anything and is right across the street from Waikiki Beach. The rooms were large and well kept. The breakfast buffet was very good. There is plenty of shopping right in the hotel. The staff was very friendly. All in all a very good choice to start a trip through Hawaiian islands.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tagretchen
<Content>Average Hotel, 5 star price We stayed here on our honeymoon in early October. It took 45 minutes to check in, as this is one of the largest hotels on the island. The pool area is nothing special and the beach is across the street. We found the staff to be indifferent. The hotel is fine, but for the money there are several nicer hotels on the beach for the same price.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>ubish
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay We stayed at the Waikiki Beach Marriott for four nights (Sep 28 to Oct 2) and had a wonderful time. We arrived early and not only was our room ready but we had been upgraded. We had booked a city view room and were given on ocean front room on the 20th floor of the K Tower (this is the tower closest to the beach).The maid service was extrememly friendly and efficient. Our room had extra pillows and towels and these were maintained throughout our visit. The room was far from the elevators and very quiet. Did not hear our neighbours at all and apparently the hotel was quite full while we were there. The only complaint was the plumbing wasn't the quietest. We could here a toilet flushing and ours seemed a little loud.The location of the hotel was perfect for us. Isn't wasn't in the busisest section of Waikiki Beach which was only a few minutes walk from the hotel. We also enjoyed watching the movies on the beach on our balcony. On Saturday and Sunday nights they have Sunset on the Beach where a 30 foot plus screen is set up on the beach and movies are played. We found all the hotel staff to be very friendly and helpful. We would not hesitate to go back to this hotel.While there we rented an SUV and took TheBus. We drove around the North and East coasts and found some beautiful remote beaches. Snorkling at Hanauma Bay was great. The bus trip to Pearl Harbor was a breeze. We got on at the bus at the hotel and it went all the way to Pearl Harbour (#42).  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>NJCatLady
<Content>Loved the Marriott in Waikiki Great Hotel In Waikiki Anyone who is contemplating staying in Honolulu, Waikiki Beach, Hawaii, should consider the Marriott Resort  Spa鈥?an excellent location (near Diamond Head and across the street from the beach), where the service, food and amenities are above average. This hotel has the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in, and the rooms are spotless. The concierges are also knowledgeable and assist you in every way possible. Everyone from the bell hops to the front desk clerks go out of their way to make your stay as enjoyable as possible. Overall, I would definitely recommend a stay in this hotel. I will definitely return to this hotel on my next visit to Hawaii!!!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Queenbree
<Content>Convenient Hotel! We went to Hawaii for our honeymoon. We stayed at the Marriott for 3 days before we went on our cruise. The room was perfect and it served its purpose. Although, I don鈥檛 think Waikiki Beach is a place for honeymooners, nevertheless, it is a fun and exciting city! I would say it is a mixture of South Beach and New York City with a touch of Orlando b/c it is so touristy. The rooms were spacious but not ultra big. We love staying at Marriott hotels because we absolutely adore the Marriott beds! They are so fluffy and comfortable. The balcony was small and we didn鈥檛 have a view. Our view was obstructed from all of the hotels that surrounded us and it was a bit noisy. It didn鈥檛 bother me because I love the city life and I was only here for a few days before my cruise departure. The hotel is walking distance to Waikiki beach (1 block) and close to every touristy thing you can imagine. There is a nice Italian restaurant right next to the Hotel. There are a few fast food restaurants near the hotel. At sunset, a group of hula dancers perform and explain the Hawaiian tradition right on the Beach. The show is entertaining and most importantly free! I think this hotel is great if you are staying with your family and friends but not for honeymooners (if the honeymooners are looking for some R R). I would definitely go back and stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	-1	5	4	

<Author>psalm27
<Content>Very Clean 3 Star Hotel, It is NOT a 5 STAR The beds are exceptional!! The bathrooms are very dated and need to be upgraded. The walls are paper thin and you can hear everything next door, on some ocassions it sounded like the pipes were going to burst through the walls the water flow was so loud. We would not stay there again and it is certainly not a 5 star hotel by our standards. I am assuming they consider it a five star because of the amenites, certainly not because of the rooms.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chapsbaby
<Content>Great Hotel on Waikiki Recently returned from a 12 day trip to Hawaii where my family and I stayed at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort the last two nights of our stay in Hawaii, in preparation of returning to the mainland and reality. This property is extremely nice. We actually stayed here for a night back in June 2004 and enjoyed it then, but in my opinion, the property continues to get better. The staff is extremely pleasant and helpful, a good variety of restaurants and shopping and the best thing of all, a great location with wonderful views from Oceanfront rooms.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>nurseg
<Content>Mariott Waikiki Outstanding       View from our room  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>LuvTheGardenIsle
<Content>Fun and relaxing place to stay My husband and I stayed here on August 24, 2006 for one night between our arrival in Honolulu and our departure the next morning to Kauai. We LOVED this hotel! It was the perfect blend of city excitement with Hawaiian relaxation. The hotel lobby immediately made us feel relaxed when we arrived, because of the beautiful plants and water feature in the lobby. Check in was efficient and helpful, and they gave us a free upgrade to an ocean view with balcony! It was soooo nice to be treated so well, especially after the grueling 10-and-a-half-hour plane ride. We could feel ourselves decompressing already! The room was very nice, although the drapes needed cleaning. Other than the drapes, everything was clean. And the bed was amazing!! So comfortable. Lots of other people have commented on the beds already, so I won't say any more except that we slept very well. The hotel was very conveniently located in Waikiki and was right across the street from the ocean. We were only there one night, but we did go for dinner at the hotel's Japanese restaurant. I can't remember the name of the restaurant. But it was excellent sushi, particularly the octopus, which was very tender. The waitstaff even made chilled green tea with honey for us when we asked, even though it wasn't on the menu! Needless to say, we were very impressed. We highly recommend the Japanese restaurant -- it is Zagat rated, I believe, and has been featured in several publications. After dinner, we walked around outside by the ocean. It was a bustling Thursday night, and people were out and about, walking by the ocean, taking photos, shopping, etc. We walked to the nearby Coldstone Creamery, got ice cream, and took it back to the hotel and ate it while sitting out on our balcony and enjoying the city lights and views. Checkout the next morning was smooth and efficient. We were sad to only be there one night! It was a very nice hotel, we had a great experience there, and we will definitely stay there again on future trips to Hawaii.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>msmith
<Content>Great Pre-cruise location We spent 2 days pre-cruise at the Marriott and loved the location and service. We were walking distance to shopping and restaurants and beaches.A nightly hula show on the beach was directly across the street at 7:30. The show was free and excellent. We could stroll down the street and select a place to have cocktails on the beach. The beach access was easy to get to and lounges could be rented, and we watched a surfing competition during our stay.The two pools at the resort were never crowded, and the one closest to the beach had food service and drinks out in the open. A good variety on the menu made the meals even dinner worthy if looking for a lighter fare, or appetizers if looking for an afternoon snack.Great stay!!!!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cecili
<Content>good location and amenties Booked with hotel directly for our stay 8-9-06 to 8-12-06. Reserved a partial ocean room and had a discount due to an Entertainment Card. However, when we arrived, opt to pay extra for an upgrade to a deluxe ocean view room. So glad we did. We were on the 11th floor( K tower) and overlooked the pool and had a wonderful view of Waikiki. The sunsets were gorgeous. My husband who does not get too excited about views or amenties, really liked it too. We were celebrating my 50th birthday in Waikiki before heading to Kauai to visit family. Typically do not stay in Waikiki but this time I am glad I did. The Marriott was clean and the room was slighly bigger than a normal room which made it nice to spreadout. The room had a mini refrigerator and the beds were perfect. They were pillowtop mattresses with lots of pillows. We slept great. The bathroom had granite countertops and the sink was separate via a door from the shower/tub and toilet. This made it nice when getting ready, however, I would have even liked a door from the sink area to the room itself for more privacy getting dressed as our 15 year old son was with us. There was entertainment in the pool area( 3rd Floor) during the early evening and could be slightly heard even when the sliding glass door was shut, but it was not too atrusive and did not last late in the evening so it did not disrupt our sleep. The conceige was wonderful in finding a restaurant on the beach us for my birthday dinner. He made reservations at the Hau Tree Lanai Restaurant at the New Otani Kaimana Beach Hotel adjacent to the Aquarium. The food was delicous although a bit pricey for what we normally would spend to dine, but hey it was a special occassion. There are two ABC stores in the Hotel and two Seattles Best Coffees which made it nice since we are from Seattle. The beach is directly across the street. I would definitely stay here again if I had the chance. I loved the location as it was not in a conjested area of Waikiki. You could easily walk to restaurants and other shopping. The rooms were very clean and the staff was wonderful. It was a perfect atmosphere to celebrate my 50th with my family. p.s. If you can go to the Swap Meet at the Aloha Stadium on Wed, Sat or Sun, do so. You can save money on items that would cost way more in Waikiki. My husband learned the hard way in buying a sharktooth necklace before we hit the Swap Meet.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Dogvet
<Content>This Hotel is Top Class I stayed at this hotel for one week in July 2006. The bed was the most comfortable that I have ever experienced at a hotel. Outstanding service, very clean, friendly staff. Beach just across the street. Beach is great for children - a breakfront that only has baby waves. Meals were expensive in the hotel. Get drinks and other items at the ABC store in the hotel which is cheaper. Would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meleana
<Content>Paradise Abounds We stayed at the Waikiki Beach Marriott for five days before going to stay at our timeshare in Kauai. Check in was quick, easy, and without any problems. Because we had so much luggage, we had help in bringing our bags to our room. The gentleman was VERY knowledgeable about the area and was quick to find out from our kids what their interests were. He then recommended activities that we could do easily and told us how to go about scheduling those. In addition, we mentioned that we needed more towels, and before we could count to ten, he was back with an armful of them!We had connecting rooms. Each room had two queen sized beds and a separate bathroom area. There was enough room left to move around the room easily. The view of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head was breathtaking! What a way to wake up each morning!The pool was relaxing. At night the kids enjoyed eating at the grill located by the grill so they could go back and forth to the pool. My husband and I enjoyed watching them, and looking out over the beach as it is located on the third floor. They also had a man serending the diners which made it seem more like a dream!On the lobby level, there are many shops to walk through. In addition, there is a relaxing sitting area by the check in desk. You can sit here and listen to the Hawaiian music while you enjoy a cup of coffee. This hotel is located at the far end of Waikiki Beach so it is a little bit less congested than further up the street. You cross the street to get to the beach. The water is calm as there is a breaker wall. However if you pass the dock, and go to that section of the beach, you can enjoy the waves. In addition, the zoo is within walking distance.The restaurants on site offer a wide variety of dining options. Our entire family enjoyed the buffet that was offered in the main dining area at night, and again for breakfast.The only problem we encountered was parking. The spots were tight and we had to drive around a lot to find a spot to fit our minivan. Hold on to your childrens' hands because cars go around the bends quickly.All in all this is a wonderful hotel for couples, or for families. I would - without a doubt - stay here again, if we get the wonderful opportunity of going back to Honolulu!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cyf
<Content>More Then I Expected!! I booked the Waikiki Marriott thru Triple A and was very impressed with the service  location. Two years ago we stayed at the Ihilani Marriott and found the Waikiki location to be just as nice (just a little busier). Check in was a no brainer and the room appeared to have updated furniture and linens. The bed was super comfortable and the housekeeping service was excellent. My view was of Diamond Head, and I mean View with a capital V ! I could see the entire mountain and from the 2nd balcony I could see the sunset and Waikiki Beach ! This was a corner room on the 24th floor of the K tower. Everyone says the beach is a block away, but when you walk thru the hotel and out the P tower - it is right in front of you. I would highly recommend this hotel to families, singles  business people. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ee2martinez
<Content>Love this Hotel       View from our Room  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kansasman
<Content>Relaxing Stay at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort We stayed for ten nights beginning July 18. This was our third trip to the islands and first time back to Oahu in several years. We wanted the nightlife, restaurants and bigger city amenities of Honolulu this time and the Marriott Waikiki was a great location for that purpose. We also chose this hotel because of the Marriott Rewards points. Check in was quick, efficient and friendly. Lucked out and there was no line at our late afternoon arrival. We had booked a corner deluxe ocean view in advance. Oversized room with sitting area on the front corners of the K Tower. Room 2133. Spectacular views of Waikiki from both sides. Splurge and book it if you care about the view. Room amenities and maid service was excellent during our stay. Refrigerator in room which is a nice touch. Marriott has upgraded this hotel, or at least this room, to their new Revive linen collection. Very nice. All beds have the Marriott pillow top mattress and lots of pillows. If you don't like the soft pillow top, I am sure they will adjust bedding for you on request at any full service Marriott. Beach is right across Kalakaua Ave. from the hotel. This hotel is at the Diamond Head end of Waikiki. Two ABC stores, Hertz, travel agents, and several other boutiques on premises. All staff we interacted with were friendly, and welcoming. Used the concierge twice and were very pleased with their service. The pools are small, but recommend renting one of the cabanas pool side if you want a day away from the sand and sun of Waikiki. Attentive pool side service is available for food and drink. The hotel restaurants were expensive, but what isn't in Hawaii? Within easy walking distance or short drive to countless other fabulous restaurants in all price ranges. We did not have a bad meal at any of the Marriott on site eateries.We did the luau at The Royal Hawaiian Hotel this time just for fun. Recommend it highly. Book it early. Fabulous food, limited seating, so it fills up quick. Check out was also easy and efficient. The valet staff pre-arranged our cab pick up back to the airport ahead of time. Very easy. We will certainly consider the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort during our next visit to Honolulu.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>JANJ1225
<Content>Marriott Waikiki Excellent Location This was my second visit to the Marriott Waikiki. A group of us visted from July 15-18th. The Marriott is in the heart of Waikiki. Close to shopping, directly across the street from the world famous Waikiki beach, close to Diamond Head, the International Market and many other attractions. I agree with the other reviewer having the ABC Store in the Hotel was very convenient (they sell everything). The buffet breakfast outstanding! They offer a prime rib and crab leg buffet on weekends (great value) and delicious. We thoroughly enjoyed the Honolulu Cookie Company shop in the hotel (great gift ideas). We had two rooms one of which was a family style room which accomodated 4 adults with separate beds. The room was very large and comfortable. The bedding seem to have been upgraded since my last visit in 2003 (VERY COMFORTABLE). The concierge can arrange any type tour or activity that you'd like. I highly recommend the Pearl Harbor/Grand Island Circle Tour (the tour includes the North Shore a must see). I highly recommend visiting Oahu and at least 2 of the other islands. Our trip consisted of: 3days- Oahu, 2-Big Island and 3-Maui. If you can plan a total of 10 days split time on the Islands that will give you a diverse taste of Hawaii.Hawaii is one of the most beauitiful places I've visited. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mamieb
<Content>Good deal at the Marriott in Honolulu After a very disappointing cruise on the new NCL Flagship the Pride of Hawaii, we took a three day lay over on Oahu and stayed at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Hotel. The Hotel is across the street from the beach, and many of the rooms look out on city buildings, but the rooms were very clean, linens were excellent and the mattress and pillows extremely comfortable. They have a buffet that offers a discount for early bird dining which was very good. The hotel is on the main strip on Waikiki Beach and is an easy walk to many nice shops and good restaurants.The only down side is that Marriott does not give Freguent Reward points for any of the concessions inside the hotel such as Seattles Best Coffee or the DK Steak House. Only Marriott owned services apply for the reward points. You may want to get a list of these when you arrive as we were confused which services applied and which ones didn't.Overall, it was a nice hotel, very comfortable and worth the price.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oahu Adventure We stayed at this wonderful hotel last week and had a very pleasant time. The hotel is perfectly situated in the heart of Waikiki and is a great point for exploration of all of Oahu. We particularly enjoyed the ABC store in the hotel, great live music by the pool every night, and beautiful ocean view from our rooms. Make sure to request the K tower--the view and accessibility is far better than P tower. We highly recommend this hotel to others! You will enjoy your stay~  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ALH77
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location My brother and I spent 5 nights at the Marriott in June. We arrived after a long flight from Sydney and were able to check in early which was great. We got exactly the room we requested - a high floor Deluxe Ocean View. The hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating. Our room and the hotel in general were kept very clean and the Jamison beds are heavenly ! The Moana Terrace located on the 3rd floor is a great place to take in the beach views over a light meal  drink - their signature cocktail is the Mai Tai which we can also highly recommend. Located right across the road from the beach and within easy walking distance to the Honolulu Zoo, beachfront shops and restaurants, we'd definitely stay here again. Aloha !  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rockn6
<Content>Loved the Waikiki Marriott Stayed at this Waikiki Marriott Resort for points earned from buying a Marriott Time Share in Ko'olina. Our group included myself, my husband and three of our daughters. We were able to book 2 adjoining rooms and upgraded to ocean views. Our rooms were very clean and pretty and the beds were wonderfully comfortable, like sleeping on clouds. All staff were very friendly and helpful as Marriott staff usually are. There were a few restaurants, we loved the Kuhio grill and the bar and grill by the pool. Food was a little pricey but very tasty and Kuhio Grill had a great buffet both morning and night. We usually just ate these two meals a day and were well fed! The resort is right across from Waikiki Beach and close to Cheeseburger in Paradise and the wonderful Oceanarium buffet in the Pacific Beach Hotel. We loved our stay and would go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TexasTraveler2
<Content>Best hotel bed ever!!! Nice hotel! I was sick in bed for 3 days and I've got to say the beds at The Mariott were super (they are soft so if you don't like soft go elsewhere). The pool is nice- not as nice as Hilton Hawaiian Village. The parking garage is small- you can valet for no extra charge if garage is full. Didn't eat at the hotel- saved that for Dukes for breakfast (best in Waikiki), Cheeseburger in Paradise (close by), Bubba Gumps and Cheesecake Factory. Location is great at the end of Waikiki but close enough to easily walk to Intl Marketplace, Dukes, shopping etc. Also McDonalds, Burger King, Quisnos, etc close by. We stayed in the K Tower which is closer to the beach. The staff was great- no complaint at all.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terriifc..... Stayed here for 2 nights 6/22 - 6/24/06 using Marriott points. I elected to upgrade for a corner Oceanfront room for $149 and it was definately worth it. Beautiful sunset views as well as views of the ocean and the surfers. Enjoyed the entire area around the hotel with great shopping and really good restaurants (found a few very reasonable places..don't miss lunch at a Cheesburger Paradise). Fascinated by the ABC Stores which are a combination tourist trap, gift shop, convenience store, liquor store, etc. The room was large by Hawaii standards; very comfortable and the beds are really terrific. Friendly staff. This is a good place to go to relax in a big city with a lot going on.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>first time in hawaii! Waikiki Mariott Hotel and Spa, wowowow! we booked our 1 weeks stay thriough expedia, it included hotel, and airfare. It was a very special occaision, my 60th birthday and our first trip to hawaii!. We like to call it the 6-0 in the 50! Never knew the show hawaii 5-0 meant that hawaii became our 50th state, thus the name! Expedia offerd us a pick up and delivery from the airport to our hotel with a welcome lei for both of us at a reasonalble price(lei's used to be free but that is not the case anymore) , don't do it! we had a long wait outside the van, and we were pretty tired having flown ove 12 hours!.The drivers were waiting for other passengers and releif drivers to show, although there were 3 greeters.We eventually started towards our hotel still very excited about actually being in hawaii, when the driver took us through the the part of town we can only asssume to be the industrial part of Honolulu, that was kind of depressed and all we could think waswhat a dump About 20 minuits later the scenery changed into a thing of beauty and we did feel like we had arrived in paradise!. Our accomodations were fantastic, the hotel reflected the old world charm and beauty that is experienced only in this part of the world, yet ultra modern.The decor in the lobby was breathtaking, from the music to the lava rock water fall that spouted every half hour or so, to the rows of orchids lining about 40 feet of the lobby on one side, as well as the wooden patio furniture and tiki palm umbrellas. But the best was our bedding! The finest down pillows and mattress covers of down, we floated into or dreams and hated to get out of bed! We did all the tourist things being clueless, went to the free breakfast orientation, listened to a local tell us all about the tours we could book, and we did book a weeks worth of activities, from the Arizona, which is a must see, the watery graveyard of our heroic man, threw flowers said a prayer and cried. I was moved and didn't even want to go! To the Polynesian culteral center, had an authentic luau and learned about the many different islands.What we didn't know was the pass to the PCC was good for return for 2 more days, as we opted to not rent a car we didn't get to go back.We took the 150 mile bus tour around the north shore, saw the Dole plantation(you must go inside the main house and buy a pineapple whip! It;s a combination of soft custerd ice cream and soft ices mmmm so refreshing and not too sweet.The trolley cars are free and take you to specific destinations, such as Hilo Hatties best place on the island to get anything as well as the A.B.C. stores. A must is lulus for breakfast or whatever. you are never rushed and the view of the beach is worth a million! They serve the best pancakes in the world, and evey meal has an orchid placed on the plate along with a twist of orange slice. Have the guava juice! You will never experince anything so fresh, anywhere! (ask the concierge, or any 1 working in the area where lulus is, its a local favorite, as is Dukes great steaks, good prices. Go to the beach,waikiki beach is 5 different shades of tourquoise, and safe and warm.You can rent beach chairs and umbrellas for about $20.00 a day. Our 1 regret was not having brought our cam corder, although we did take over 500 pictures on our digital camera. I would have loved to have recorded the music at the PPC.We can't wait to go back, the whole experince was great, from the funny and knowledgeable tour bus drivers, to the people we met on our tours! Aloha, and Mahalo for allowing us to share our trip to hawaii! And 1 more thing, all are welcomed home because the Hawaiian people consider all of us family! Thus the expression, Aloha Cousin! If the world had that attitude towards each other, there would be no wars.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>C_Stone
<Content>Great location! Beds are wonderful! We just got back from a week long trip to Hawaii. The first half of our trip we stayed at the Marriott Waikiki and loved it. I had called prior to our visit to request the tower closer to the beach because of the reviews I had read, but was told I could not make any requests since we had booked through a wholesaler. We had booked the vacation package through Alaska Airlines Vacations, so I guess they are considered a wholesaler. When we checked in I only asked for non-smoking and was pleasantly surprised when they said they had upgraded us to a king size bed with an ocean view. The room was in the further tower but we didn't mind at all. It was such a short walk to the other tower and to the beach we didn't understand what people were talking about. The back tower is near the entrance where the tours pick up in the morning which made the lobby area a bit busy in the morning, but we would just go to the Coffee Bean at the other tower. The beds are wonderful. It was the first thing we noticed when we got in the room. My husband was sad to leave because he was so happy and comfortable there and couldn't imagine a better bed when we got to Maui. We had lunch one day at the hotel bar where the bartenders were super friendly and got us everything we needed. I had the macaroni and cheese which was great.Beware of the beach area near the hotel. It's really rocky when you're in the water. My husband got several cuts on his toes. I couldn't even bare to walk in it so I quickly just went back to laying on the beach. We would definitely go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort  We stayed here for part of our visit to Hawaii. The staff treated us very nice. The room was bright and clean. We stayed on the 24th floor. From our balcony we could see Diamond Head Crater and the beach. There were two ABC stores located in our hotel. The food was good at the Tiki grill. You could book all your excursions right there in the hotel lobby. You can catch the trolley or the bus close to the hotel. International Market shopping is within walking distance. We loved our stay and it was during Memorial Day week. I would go back tomorrow!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wltgl
<Content>Average at Best and overpriced Read reviews I don't know where they stayed. The beds everyone raves about sag in the middle it was a good thing we had a jr. suite so everyone had thier own bed. The resturant are very high priced $12.00 for a chicken sandwich. This is not the first time to Hawaii in fact it was the third time we stayed at Ohau. It was very noisey they seem to have a lot of large group meetings one of the pools was closed most of the time. The carpet was dirty enough that your feet or socks got dirty whrn you walked on it. Would not stay again or recommend this hotel to friends.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>travelduck111
<Content>A Great Start to Our Honeymoon After a nine and a half hour flight from Atlanta, a missing rental car, and lost luggage, this Marriott was a great start to our Honeymoon. Upon check-in, we were immediately upgraded to an ocean view room with full view of the ocean at no additional cost. The room was nice and clean with a bed as comfortable as a bed could be. The staff was very friendly and helpful - from check-in to valets to bar staff. Also, the location does not get any better with the beach directly across the street. I recommend Rainbow Drive-In for an authentic cheap Hawaiian breakfast. The only negative is that I expected a nicer pool - but I cannot swim anyways so it really did not matter. This hotel lives up to great Marriott quality and I hope to return soon!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Property; Served The Purpose       Waikiki Beach Directly in front of Marriott  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JunkoAnn
<Content>Clean and Safe       View from the Balcony, early morning  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shortz
<Content>Good location Location is excellent, service is very good, and the rooms are clean. You can tell they have made an effort to update the rooms but they're still pretty basic and nothing special. I would reocommend staying here for the location.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ms.go-go
<Content>daughter's 20th birthday present My daughter and I stayed here for her 20th birthday. We had stayed a week on the big island and then came here for 4 days. We loved the hotel. Again it is at the end of the strip and right by the ocean and beach. Our room was clean and beautiful with the most gorgeous view of the water and of the mountains. We requested the front building as I got this tip from this site. We watched the surfers every day from the balcony. We had no problem with the elevators. We did eat one night at the pool restaurant which had the best fish tacos. There was live music and to sit outside on a Spring night was wonderful. We watched the people on the street and the palms swaying in the breeze by the ocean. We walked everyday in the park nearby and we were even fortunate enough to have a craft fair that week-end. We walked to the Aquarium only 5 minutes away and the view of Diamond head is great on the walk . One thing I did get miffed about was when I checked in I told the front desk clerk that I had an 11 pm flight out and I was asking about a late check out or 1/2 day rental as I did not know what to do till 11pm. She did not help at all  the the cost of 1/2 day was too much and not much time. So I solved the problem by taking a full day tour of the island with my daughter that started at 8 am and ended at 6pm. ( It was a great tour) When the bell man came to store our bags I casually mentioned the I had a late flight and he said no problem that the Marriott had a courtesy room with showers and a tv and to just keep my room key and I could come back after the tour and get fresh clothes from our luggage and take a shower and then off to the airport. This really helped us out . But I can't believe that the front desk did not offer this solution! needless to say he got a big tip! And here is another tip. The airport is super crowded with late flights and you have to go through an agriculture security and regular security so do plan to leave extra early!We loved eating at the Tiki restaurant and saw the most beautiful sunsets there. We ate there 3 x. The food was just great and it was so close , just on the corner above Wolfgangs. It was so good . Try the bread pudding served in a coconut shell and you will just love it! The wait staff is so nice. This was a great hotel in a great location with beautiful rooms and great views.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location I was there in November and I was impressed from the moment I walked into the lobby. The rooms are spacious and in good condition. The beds were ultra comfortable. The bathroom etc. was adequate. There are some nice shops in the complex and I liked having an ABC store in the complex. The food was excellent and the service was outstanding. It's location is great. You're right across the street from the beach and the beach is amazing. I walked through some of the other hotels in the area and many are beautiful, but for the price and location, I'll take this hotel any time.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lexiee
<Content>Fabulous! Stayed here one night and I have to say this Marriott is fabulous! I was upgraded to the club level room with a king sized, super comfortable bed, separate living area and 2 blaconies! I cannot say enough about the bed! I sunk into it and didn't want to get out. The location is perfect, the staff were very accomodating (upgraded me without requesting it), and the view of the ocean was very nice. A bit pricy but worth every penny. I would definitely stay here again and recommed it to anyone.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for the Price and Location My family stayed at the Waikiki Marriott for 2 nights from May 20-22.We arrived 3 hours early but our room was ready and we had been upgraded from a city view room to a partial ocean view room.The lobby was very nice.The location was great-just across the street from the beach in the heart of the Waikiki Strip.We walked down a few blocks to the beach in front of the Hyatt because it was nice.Only ate at one restaurant, the Moana Terrace, which was poolside overlooking the beach.The food was terrible but the drinks were good.The breakfast buffet was expensive at $21 so we ate elsewhere.The pools are on the smaller side but that is the case with all Waikiki Beach Hotels.The room was on the smaller side but the beds were comfy, the bathroom clean and the furniture very nice.I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Regrets       King Room  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>annazam
<Content>Waikiki Marriott met our expectations. Overall, our stay at waikiki was great. The GOOD : The location (allthough not necessarily beach front) was ideal. It was close to restaurants and shops were minutes away. The front desk was very accommodating given that I requested for so many things at a a short span of time (connecting rooms, no smoking, high floor, twin beds...) during peak season. But, the best thing about our stay have to be the BEDS in the room. We've read a couple of reviews prior to booking Wakiki Beach Marriot regarding it having the best beds and it is true. Mattresses were soft, firm enough to give a good night's rest and the the pillows were also great. You just melt into into bed!THE BAD : Parking costs $14 a night if you are renting a car. The Coffee shop by the pool needs upgrading badly. The food was okay but given that it was situated on the upper floor facing the beach but I can't really call it a hotel coffee shop/bar. Go for Breakfast elsewhere.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cathy in Boston
<Content>Nice hotel Booked three nights here this month (ended up cutting this to two nights, as we had to return to MA to deal with a flooded basement).The place is huge, but it doesn't take long to get the lay of the land. As others have mentioned, this hotel is not right on the beach, but across the street from Kuhio, which is a section of Waikiki Beach. We didn't like the enclosed beach, so we ventured up towards the Sheraton, Outrigger, etc., and enjoyed that.Room was lovely, with a nice Diamond Head and partial ocean view. We were in the P tower. Our friends were in the K tower, in a deluxe corner room, and had an amazing ocean view.Very comfortable bed and pillows, nice staff.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EvilTigger13
<Content>Can't wait to go back to Hawaii!!!       View - hills  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bitbytravelbug
<Content>Enjoyed my stay; beach info My husband was here on business, and I joined him for 5 days from March 10 -15. What people have said about the beds is true- they have pillowtop mattresses and are incredibly comfortable. We were in the front tower with a nice view of the ocean from our balcony. Additionally, the Resort Quest across the street has live entertainment starting at 7:30 in the morning, and again starting around 6:00 in the evening; you can sit out on your balcony and enjoy the music for free. Being here on business, my husband appreciated the nice desk and internet access. My only complaint was that housekeeping would come somewhere between 11:00- 12:30, and on 2 occasions, I came back from the beach and had to wait about 20 min to get into my room.NOW ABOUT THE BEACH... the beach right across from the hotel has a breaker, and is very shallow with no waves. If you go to the right, you end up on a very narrow, very croweded stretch of Waikiki Beach. But, if you go to the left of the pier, you will be on a wonderful, much wider, much less crowded beach with nice waves and very reasonable snorkel and boogie board rentals. They also show free movies here under the stars on Saturday nights.The WAIKIKI ZOO is a half block away in Kapiolani Park, and the AQUARIUM is a few blocks farther.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location We stayed at this hotel on our last trip to Waikiki and we loved the place and the fact that it was directly opposite to Waikiki Beach. The hotel staff were very helpful in guiding us. Our 4 year old loved it -- every morning we would spend time on the beach with the afternoons reserved for sight seeing. We are Indian and loved eating at India Cafe which is nearby. For all you Indian's out there, a great list of this and other Indian restaurants in Oahu and Hawaii is at http://www.thingsindian.com/hawaii/rhawaii.htm.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but not ON the beach Hotel was nice, clean, rooms were newly decorated and nicely done, bed was very comfortable. Pool area is a litte small but we didn't use it anyway. All of the rooms appear to have at least a partial ocean view, and I don't just mean a little sliver of ocean, you can see quite a bit of the ocean! The only problem we really had with this place was that it is not right on the beach. You have to cross the street to get to it, it is the first property closest to the beach, but you still have to cross a street. Staff was very friendly, we didn't try the food, but the restaruants looked a little too hotel-ish. The hotel next door has a nice restarant overlooking the ocean, called Tiki Grill and 1/2 block after that is LuLu's, which is an open air restaurant also overlooking the ocean. We ate here 3 times (we only tried the breakfast, but they serve all day long) and loved everything we ate.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CVUK
<Content>Ask for the K Tower!! We stayed at this hotel at the end of April 2006 and on the whole were really impressed with the service.Good points:* We stayed in the K tower (do ask, they were very happy to accede to our request and its nearer the beach) and the room was really large, with 2 double beds which were amazingly comfortable. We had also been upgraded at no extra cost to a room with an ocean view which was stunning.* Very friendly service - from front desk, to bar and restaurant staff.* The pool is quite big by waikiki standards and there are plenty of sunloungers. The sun deck does get sun all day, contrary to other postings, although the pool is shaded until around lunchtime.* The concierge we found very helpful, in terms of organising cabs and excursions. (We thoroughly enjoyed the E-Noa tour we took of the whole island - an absolute must to get out of Waikiki and see more of the real Hawaii)* The hotel has plenty of useful amenities - such as an ABC store, selling essential food and drinks and tourist stuff, several swimwear shops, shops selling local produce, a spa (book early!) and a gym.* The room we stayed in had a great mini-fridge which we used to store drinks in to save money, as we found Hawaii quite an expensive place.* The poolside bar is open in the evenings and is a nice place to sit - it is lit with flaming torches and there is live music.* The location is great - at the quieter end of Waikiki, but the walk up the strip is very pleasant. The Ala Moana Shopping Trolley stops right outside the hotel as well.* Room service is pretty tasty!Bad points:* Breakfast is not amazing and is relatively expensive. The buffet is fairly repetitive for breakfast. We tried to Italian restaurant for dinner which was also a bit sub-standard.* The decor is the rooms is a bit dated, although the rooms themselves are very clean.*Lifts are occasionally slow at busy times - waiting 2 or 3 mins at most.The only other point to note is be careful who you use for cabs when you order them through the concierge. You can get cheaper cabs through the Island Express but we had a very bad experience with them on one of the days and would not recommend their services. However, when we raised it with the manager, he offered us his apologies and gave us complimentary drinks which was a nice, and completely unexpected, touch.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eakwave1
<Content>Are you kidding me? First of all, this hotel is NOT on the beach like the pictures make it out to be. We stayed in the older tower closer to the water than the other and it was tidy but not clean. The walls were thin and I could hear my neighbors as they could probably hear me. There was also a festival going on that was very loud in addition to the band playing until all hours next door. I would say it would be good for business travelers, but not if you want to get any sleep or have to drive anywhere. The only good thing is the convenient location of a Pete's Coffee and Tea. I needed it!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>JeepLadyLtd
<Content>Loved our stay at Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort April 17-24!!!! We had a wonderful stay at Marriott's Waikiki Beach Resort. We were upgraded from a city view to an Ocean and Diamond Head view. It was just breath taking. The rooms themselves are very nice with very comfy beds, like sleeping on a cloud. Everyone we encountered that worked in the hotel from the housekeepers to the front desk we so friendly. We were in walking distance to resturants, the beach and lots of shopping. The hotel has 2 pools the front pool is just great with bar and food service all day. The back tower pool has no services.We ate dinner in the Kuhio Grill if you go before 6:30 on Friday nights for $24.95 there is a Prime Rib and Crab Leg Buffet all you can eat. The sweetest Crab Legs I've eaten. They also have great desserts.I highly recommend a stay.........  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>five0
<Content>Marriott Waikiki a Great Choice!!! Having traveled quite a bit recently, I was anxious to see if the Waikiki Marriott would live up to my expectations or, as so many other hotels have in the past, left me wondering where all the good stuff in the brochure went off to!I can confidently say that I definitely got what I paid for at the Marriott. Check-in was smooth, only a short line and no problems with the staff. I had sent an email about a week before we arrived asking for a room in the K tower with a king bed, and our requests were honored. We were on the 24th (of 25) floor with a partial ocean view: Diamond Head straight ahead, beach and ocean to the right. My only complaint was that I had also requested champagne and fruit in the room upon our arrival, but it came about two hours AFTER we had checked in. No big deal though, given that we checked in a bit early anyhow.The room itself was everything I had heard about and more. The linens and mattress are superb, and always more than enough towels/pillows/etc. The view was as promised, and the morning sunrise was an unexpected bonus that we just loved. Plenty of space to stash our stuff and the quickly accumulating souvenirs throughout the week. Shower was a bit dark (the liner is completely opaque and it can get a little scary in there if you're shaving with no light at all!) but absolutely spotless. No signs of mold or creepy-crawlers.Another unexpected touch was that we could tell the housekeeper had VACCUUMED the carpet each day. Totally not necessary, but kind of nice to know it's being done. The few mornings I ordered coffee I was aghast at the prices (One full pot of coffee and two muffins ends up being $21.50 US after taxes and gratuity!) but service was incredibly prompt and the food certainly was tasty. (Try the pineapple muffins)We didn't use the pool although we sat by it on our last day. Every day before we headed out we grabbed two or more towels at the stand there, and sometimes they took our room number and sometimes they didn't. They certainly have no way of tracking whether you return your towels or not, because it's simply a bin you dump them in as you head inside for the evening. I guess the formality of asking for a room number is exactly that: a formality and nothing more. Some nights we just left our beach towels in the room for the housekeeper. Wasn't a problem.PARKING really sucked. To be blunt. I valeted a car three of our seven days, yet I was charged for 5. (at $19/day, it was a real pain) The reason being is I was foolish enough to alert them upon check-in that we would be GETTING a car, but I didn't specify that it wasnt for another two days!! So if you're planning on using their parking facilities, please check your bill and make disputes accordingly. There's no excuse for that. Although I will say it was nice that the valet parking is right across the street-- once my girlfriend forgot her shoes in the car and getting them was a snap, not a laborious process as has happened in the past.The restaurants all look fantastic, but we only ate at the Kuhio Beach Grill for breakfast. I am a sucker for buffets, and this one was of good quality. The Easter Champagne Brunch even featured crab legs and prime rib, which I wasn't quite expecting at 11AM. Good though!Overall, we were very pleased with our stay at the Marriott and I won't hesitate to stay at another one of their facilities. I would, however, like to check out the Sheraton Moana Surfrider the next time I am in Waikiki. It looked like the only hotel in town that might be able to beat the Marriott's quality dollar-for-dollar.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful rooms and view, would definetly go back       Beautiful room  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lisampls
<Content>Really loved the Marriott Waikiki!!       Bath  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Andreita
<Content>Great stay!!! My boyfriend and i decided to go to Hawaii at the very last minute when our hotel was ruined during the hurricane that hit Cancun. We had a lot of trouble trying to find available hotels as it was such a last minute thing but we luckily found this one. We were a little unsure as we had seen many reviews that were not that good . I was finally convinced and booked a Deluxe Ocean View room . On arrival , we could not have asked for anything more . The staff were so friendly to us and helpful that all my worries about the hotel were going away . There was only one more step to go...the hotel room . Our room was located on the 24 floor from what i remember , it was the highest balcony room there. The view was spectacular and the room itself was very very spacious and clean. The only thing , there were a few dirty stains on the curtains but that was nothing when i had a view like this one. The sunset from our balcony was something else ... it was so romantic, beautiful and breath taking all in one. The pool is very small but you spend so much time at the beach that you dont really have time for the pool. We did however eat at the bar which was very nice , the band that was playing was so good . At the time , there was a large Japanese tourist group and a few sports groups staying at the hotel so going up at down the lift was a long wait . There was about 5 lifts but it still managed to take a long time. The hotel is located across the road from the beach so that was perfect also . Very central to alot of stores so alot of shopping was done. It was about a 5 minute walk to all the fancy stores like Prada , Chanel , Gucci....There is also a tram a little further down from the hotel that takes you down to the Shopping Mall.I strongly recommend this hotel as it had such a casual feel that made us very comfortable. If you are however looking for something fancy and elegant i would suggest staying at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider. We stayed at both hotels but we will stick with the Marriott for next time we liked the friendly casual feel about it .  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice location!       view from beach in front of Hotel  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK stay at the Marriott did a post-cruise stay (on Pride of America)Jan. 14-16. Getting the room was a fiasco. NCL shuttles over to the hotel at 11:00 a.m.; no one tells you where to check in. My friend  I waited with our carry-ons in the main lobby for over a half hour while our husbands attempted to check-in. Have to agree that the beds were the best but everything else was average. We had larger, softer bath towels at a Travelodge for a third the price. The dinner at the buffet on a Sunday night was overpriced and dull. Highlight was laying on the beach across from the hotel on Mon. morning watching the Martin Luther Day parade.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely! My fiance and I stayed at the Marriott Waikiki in January. It was absolutely wonderful! The rooms were newly renovated and oh so CLEAN! The beds were SO comfortable. It has been 3 months and I still picture all of the beautiful orchids in the lobby area. The location is excellent. We did not rent a car, but instead walked or took the bus everywhere we went to. Near by (walking) attractions included the International Market Place, the Honolulu Zoo, and the Waikiki Aquirium, and a cheap/short bus ride and a long hike got you to Diamond Head. I would highly recommend the Marriott to any traveler. It was worth every penny!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jpheinl
<Content>Marriott Waikiki Wonderful March 17,2006 We spent 3 days 2 nights at the Marriott Waikiki Hotel. It was the best 2 nights of our 10-day vacation. Entire staff that we dealt with, was efficient, business-like, but very very friendly and kind. Have I mentioned the best night sleep I have had in a long time=BEST BEDS! This hotel covered everything we required and more. Relaxing atmosphere, and great location. We wanted access to beach, shopping, and fun restaurants. We found all of this and more. In fact, we found all of that, just in our hotel. We had no problems with advice, directions, trolley, or buses. To top this off-we cruised Norwegian Cruise and they have an office at this Marriott.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Togtog
<Content>Had a nice stay!       View from our hotel balcony  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location This hotel is a great choice if you are looking for a really good hotel room in the best beach front location. If you want to be in the middle of the city shopping areas and noise then choose to stay farther down the strip. But, if you are pretty mobile then everything is in walking distance anyway. I found that the rooms were kept very clean by the hotel staff. The bed was wonderful, and the balcony had a wonderful view. The front tower was worth asking for since if you are in and out of the hotel a lot, then you dont have to carry all your stuff so far. But, the back tower wasn't so much farther that it would ruin the hotel experience. I wished that there was free in room wireless internet access. It was available but did cost about $15 a day. It looked like the Seattle's Best Coffee shop in the hotel provided access if you were a customer of theirs. Sensei's Sushi had amazing rolls, some of the best that I have had. And if you can wait until after 10pm on Friday nights they were half off. Dont use VIP Car Rentals!!! I wasted a morning trying to save some money by using a local agency, but they qouted one price over the phone and when I got there they increased the price. Then they tried to nickle and dime me to increase the price of the rental that I wanted. Shaddy business!!! I went with Hertz right in the hotel lobby and got a really nice car for just a little bit more money, with great service. I should have used them in the first place.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>knitsafghans
<Content>Good hotel; our second time - and would stay again. Stayed here for 4 nights in March with my husband and two boys, 13 and 16. This is our second time at the Marriott. Last time we were in the front tower, back corner, probably about 12th floor in a large family room on a $115 Priceline rate. This time we paid $195 Marriott Rewards for the first night then 3 nights free redeeming a Marriott Rewards Award. We stayed in the rear tower, but on the 32nd floor. View was very nice, a bit dizzying. One negative: the air conditioning unit at the next door hotel (Aston?) was VERY noisy and made sitting on the balcony a not-so-great experience. I hope they fix this noisy unit (it looks old, rusty and is spewing water).The room was fine; standard Marriott in good shape. The bed is a fluffy pillowtop type and can be interesting in that it has aspects of a waterbed when someone sits/lies next to you.Elevators weren't a major problem in terms of waiting, but we did have an issue where the car would stick unless you physically pulled the doors shut together. We reported it to the hotel who seemed to address it.Pools are so-so. Small, rooftop.You are very close to the beach, though. Our soon took surfing lessons at the nearby Hans Hedemann surfing school.This is also currently the nicer end of Waikiki. You are near both beach and a large park. We used to stay down near the Hilton Hawaiian Village, but I much prefer this side now.The only hotel restaurant we tried this time was the Pizza/Italian place. It was fine with crisp crust pizzas. Lots and lots of restaurants in the area tho. I would NOT stick to the hotel.Front desk staff was much grumpier than I remembered. No smiles on check-in or out, atypical for Hawaii. This was not the case last time we stayed, so perhaps something was going on.All in all, a good experience and we would certainly return, assuming the rates were good.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Relax4Life
<Content>Great Option for Business or Pleasure Stayed here during the week when I was in Oahu on business. Here are some thoughts:Positives: - Alot of rooms have ocean views. The K tower is closer to the water and has better views, but more expensive. If you do stay in the P tower, try and stay towards the top because you will be able to see right over the K tower into the gorgeous ocean. I stayed in the P tower on the 30th floor with a corner room and it was AMAZING!!! Especially because it had 2 balconies and I could hear the ocean at night.- Wireless internet! Awesome because it works in the room and in the lobby and near the pool. You can probably get on another service in Waikiki for cheaper than the $13 Marriott fee, but not sure about security.- Location can't be beat. It is right across from the water and awesome if you like to take early morning walks along the water (what I did). Shopping and restaurants are a block or two away and very convenient (although more expensive than buying things on the mainland).- Breakfast at the K Grill is awesome and convenient.- Easy location to get in/out of when you are navigating there are giving anyone directions to pick you up (what i was doing w/ my business appts) - Business center is available with internet, fax, and photocopies- EXCELLENT staffNegatives:- Very tourist oriented- and there is certainly tons of tourists who stay here.- Probably not really good for honeymooners who would prefer more of a quieter setting.- Tons of kids running/jumping/crying and any given time in the public areas- but this could be a plus if you are looking for a kid-friendly place-Fitness center mediocre but easy access to run on the beach Overall: Awesome choice if you are looking for the best value- If you are traveling for business and want to choose an optimally located hotel on the strip, then this hotel is for you!- especially because this Marriott gives pretty good corporate rates compared to the other big names nearby.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aloha1123
<Content>Loved The Waikiki Beach Marriott We just returned from 10 days at the Waikiki Beach Marriott, and had a great time! The location is awesome, right across from the beach, on the best stretch of beach in Waikiki. This location is far superior to the location where the Sheraton Waikiki is located. We were originally going to stay at the Sheraton Waikiki and are so happy we changed. Trust me, there is so much construction down at that end that you really don't want to stay there. It is noisy and ugly to look at. To us, the proximity to the beach, and therefore the views are extremely important. The hotel is beautiful. I recommend getting a Deluxe Ocean View if you can, the view of Waikiki Beach is postcard perfect. Drinks by the pool were great, although the bartenders were not that friendly and it took some of the serving staff a few days to warm up. The towel attendants, both of them, are first rate and super friendly. Always had a smile. The hotel is clean, beautiful and we would definitely come stay here again next time we are in Waikiki. Felt very safe staying at the Marriott, and overall we had a fantastic stay. Thanks to all for recommending the K Tower, we did request it, and it was far better than the P Tower, which is set back quite a bit.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>singh1975
<Content>Not worth the high price... Stayed here from feb 15 to 20th with my wife and two girls. Location is good,right across from the beach in waikiki. (As far as I'm concerned, you don't really need to be on the beach in Honololulu, it makes no difference at all).This was my first trip to Hawaii since I was a kid, and was really looking forward to it. I'm a Marriott rewards elite member--that combined with the fact that the Marriott had the lowest price of all 4 or 5 star hotels on the beach ($275/night), made it a good choice for me. We arrived at the hotel about 11pm on the 15th--took forever to find the valet entrance--the actual entrance to the hotel is actually on a side street. Once there, it took another 10 minutes to find the valet who looked rather grumpy, and became even more so when I didn't leave him a tip, (I usually only do so when I pick up the car). So far, not too good, but I wrote it off to the late hour.Had a bell hop pick up all our luggage and got to the check in desk. No line ups, quite a few clerks. My check in agent wasn't exactly very cheerful, but she was very efficient in her broken english (she was Japanese). (As a side note, this hotel really does cater very heavily to the Japanese Group Tours market). Lobby was nice, nothing spectacular. Had a nice little waterfall in the center of it with some tables and chairs. Entire lobby is open air, however, it is covered.Room was nice enough, beds and pillows were fantastic, some of the best I've ever slept in. No mini-bar, but there was a small fridge. Very small bathroom, with standard amenities. House keeping was always courteous, and always cleaned up perfectly no matter how much mess my kids made. Asked for a crib, and it arrived in two minutes handled by two people. Room had a balcony with an ocean view. As others have said, these rooms are not ocean facing--you have to lean over the side of the balcony to get a partial ocean view.Room service menu was very limited and way overpriced. The breakfast buffet was reasonably priced and pretty good. Service was average, nothing extraordinary. Concierge desk however, was always courteous, very helpful.Takes about 5 to 7 minutes to get from room to beach, as we were in the south tower. Not too much of an inconvenience. The beach in front of the hotel was a breaker wall as previously mentioned. However, this proved to be great for us with our little kids, as they could walk as far as they wanted and only be in 1 to 1.5 feet of water. Two swimming pools, both tiny--ridiculous for a hawaiian resort.Overall, I'd say this is an average 3 star hotel with room service. Nothing spectacluar about it--if you're looking for something more, go elsewhere. Certainly the price I paid for the room wasn't justified. Wouldn't stay here again if in Honolulu.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>USC_Indy
<Content>Times Square with a Beach               More photos  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the beds at the Marriot The Marriot was really nice. The beds was terrific. The beds were just full over feathers. From the sheets to the mattress to the comforter to the pillows. Terrific sleeping conditions. The hotel was very clean and right by the beach. The location was alittle further down the strip than I would have liked. But everything is in walking distance. Definately would return.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! We visited the Marriott January 10-15, and it was great!The beds are the best beds we have ever had in a hotel. We couldn't wait to go to sleep each night!The hotel is in a great location. We had been to Waikiki before and it seemed like a party area with young kids. (I am 29 and it was too crazy for me) This was down the road more and wonderful. Still the great Waikiki experience, but really relaxing at the same time. A lot of restaurants locally, and an ABC store in the hotel for last minute stuff. We loved the beach across the street. It was guarded by the wall built in the ocean, so it was nice and calm. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Valet parking was wonderful and not much more that parking it yourself. We had a baby with us, and needed a microwave for baby food. We asked if we could use one somewhere in the hotel, and they offered to bring us our very own to keep in the room the whole stay. No extra charge! The outdoor/indoor lobby is so relaxing with couches and water running. Some people had mentioned that getting in the right tower was important. They say to stay in the front tower facing the ocean, and made the other tower to be not as good. We were in the back tower (paokaolani??) and it was great. It has more floors and seems to be a quicker elevator anyway. You do have to walk to the other tower to get to the main road, but the walk is maybe 2 more minutes if that. I would happily request the 2nd tower again in a heartbeat. This is a great hotel.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Just Came back and we had a great time. Things started out a little slow, took the airport shuttle that is airport run, pay the extra dollar or two and take one of the other ones. This hotel is the last stop at just over an hour.When we got there though we were upgrade 4 classes to a deluxe Ocean from a City View, and was the view Amazing. The one draw back is that we had to take two double beds. The beds are great, so still got a good night sleep. The people at the hotel were friendly and helpful.The location is great. I try to stay to brand names and of all the other main land hotels this is the nicest and the best location by Far. Lots of resturants around and beach is right there.Whale watching, take the cheapest one--- if you don't need the nicestboat. They all go the same place!Germaines Luau is So/So food is average and the show is nice. I would try another one.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gordo
<Content>A great pre-cruise hotel We stayed at this wonderful hotel prior to taking a cruise on the Pride of America. We had a great flight on United and pre-reserved a taxi pick-up with Bob from Star Taxi (800-671-2999). He has a flat rate of $25 from the airport to the hotels on Waikiki Beach. After getting our bags we called his 800 number. He was waiting for us outside the airport and we had a quick ride to the hotel. There was no line at check-in. When the clerk showed us that our room was in the back tower, we decided to pay for the upgrade to a deluxe ocean view room in the front tower. We were very glad that we did and felt it was well worth the additional charge. We had a wonderful view of ocean and the hotels to the north. We were able to watch the surfers and see beautiful sunsets from our balcony. The room was nicely appointed with an AWESOME bed - it was unbelievably comfortable and well appreciated after the long flight. There was also a safe (free), mini-fridge (big plus), coffee maker and blow dryer in the room. We had read that there were long waits for the elevators, but we did not find it to be an issue. We had breakfast at the hotel buffet and the food was wonderful. The fruit was fresher than we had anywhere else during our visit. We also ate at Duke's and had a great meal at the Shorebird. The ahi tuna was incredible - and we were able to see the fireworks at the Hilton from right outside the bar. A big plus to staying at the Marriott pre-cruise is the NCL office located in the lobby area. We were able to check-in for the ship the night before our cruise. They took our pictures and we breezed through the cruise terminal and were on the ship in less than ten minutes from arrival. We spent a little time at the pool at the K Tower. We were only there in the late afternoon since this was the only time you were able to get any sun by the pool. The staff was very friendly and provided quick service for a snack and drinks. There was an ABC convenience store right in the lobby and on the street level in front of the hotel. There was also some nice shopping available on the lower level of the K tower.We walked down to some of the other hotels which seemed a lot more crowded than our hotel. Even though the Marriott was sold out during our stay, we didn't feel that was an issue. We really liked the feel at the Royal Hawaiian - we stopped by their beachfront bar for a Mai Tai - very tasty. The hotel opens right onto the beach and has lounge chairs on it for their guests' use. We were able to get a late check out which was greatly appreciated. We were extremely happy with our stay at this Marriott property. We were lucky to get a chance to spend some time on the North Shore. What an absolutely fantastic experience. We ate several meals at Hale'iwa Joe's and would highly recommend it. We hope that everyone visiting Honolulu gets a chance to see the beauty of the North Shore. It is a vast difference to the big city feel of Honolulu. We had an 11 pm flight out of Honolulu. It was easy getting through the airport. Stores were closing at 10pm, so if you have a late flight don't count on the stores being open for any last minute gifts. I hope you find this information useful. Please feel free to send an email with any questions.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FrqntTrvllr
<Content>Overall, Great Experience! We checked in to the Marriott on December 31st, 2005. They had upgraded our room because they sold the one we originally booked, which was okay. The breakfast buffet was awesome, the bed was the most comfortable bed ever, the staff was very friendly, and the location accross the street was good.There were only 2 things I did not like about the hotel:* Being single, I would have liked to stay a bit more central on the strip (closer to the Waikiki night life).* The pool gets no sun until the afternoon when the sun shifts west.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>daisy
<Content>Great hotel Just returned from a week long trip to Oahu. We originally were booked at the Pacific Beach, but after staying there one night, switched to the Marriott. The Marriott is in a great location with fantastic views of Waikiki beach. The decor is modern and the room was very clean. There were constant upgrades even during the time period we were there (a new carpet was placed in the main entrance area, walls were being painted, etc.) The main floor is open to the outside and has beautiful fountains and vegetation. Everything is located in or near the hotel including 2 Seattle's Best locations, an ABC store and Arancino, an italian restaurant with a great breakfast mini buffet. Also, for those of you interested in surfing, there is a beautiful long board break right in front of the hotel. For people with children, there are protected ocean waters in front of the hotel as well as two pools on the 3rd floor. Overall, I definitely recommend this hotel. By the way, request a room in the front building (Kealohilani Tower) because its a bit closer to everything.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nwf
<Content>ghetto views and poor value The marriott was the 1st hotel that I stayed in on my 1st trip to Hawai'i and boy did I pick a Lemon!!  Arriving at 2a.m in the morning due to a airport staff shortage The very excellent staff sent me to the 13th floor where I could discover my home for the next 5 days.In the morning I could realise the situation as it really stood.My room was in the centre of 2 lower level joined blocks which had a full time air/heat exchange unit which roared it's brains out 24 hours a day.  this was complemented by the surounding buildingswhich hemmed everything in including the noise.For $320 a night I expected a bit better. As for the restaurants in the hotel and in the immediate area forget it!! I had the good luck to find Hy's Steakhouse which was pricy but at least lived up to their good reputation and was really 1st class in every aspect.All in all I feel that the Marriott was built in the wrong end of town!! NWF Australia  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>brodyboy
<Content>Nice enough, Good Location Stayed here over Thanksgiving 2005. The rooms were above average for a Marriott. The price was a bit high but I suspect that is just Honolulu. The reservation desk service was very nice. The property overall was just OK. The pools were far away and nothing special. The hotel is not really on the beach. We had breakfast from room service, it took 45 mins and was cold. Really couldn't do much about it as we didn't want to wait another 45 min.The location is great if you want to stay on the south end of Waikiki.Warning...this hotel gets A LOT of tour groups and you could spend a great deal of time waiting in line for an elevator to your room or for help at the reservations desk.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely the best beach on Waikiki !!! Absolutely the best beach on Waikiki !!!!! Most of the water front Waikiki hotels have either a narrow or very little beach. The Marriott is situated on the widest beach on Waikiki. We rented one of the timeshare units, which had one bedroom and completely equipped kitchen. The price was fantastic in comparison to one of the Marriott's luxury double rooms. The unit was super clean, and cleaning service was daily. They even cleaned the kitchen! On our side of the timeshare tower, we had a fantastic view of the Pacific, the surfers, and Diamond Head. The View was obstructed by another tower, but still fabulous. The timeshare rentals are available through normal Marriott reservations. The pool is also the best and largest on Waikiki that I am aware. If we returned to Waikiki, I would only stay at the Marriott.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tree
<Content>A Great Stay! We stayed at the Marriott for three nights. The hotel was as pictured on the websites. The staff was friendly, with the pool staff exceptional. The room was clean and our oceanview room on the 20th floor in the front tower provided us with a view of the hotel across the way as well as the ocean, but was very nice and enjoyable. Perhaps our timing was good, but we didn't experience elevator problems. We liked our location. We didn't eat at the hotel because there were many other restaurants within walking distance. There is also fun shopping nearby. We would consider staying at the Marriott again if we return. There's lots to do on the island, and we wished that we could have stayed longer before our island hop.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and Value We just returned from cruising the islands on Pride of Aloha, after spending the first 2 nights here at the Marriott. Great location to beach, shopping, restaurants, etc. Friendly staff, and clean rooms. Great value if you are cruising with NCL as they have an office in the Marriott's lobby and help you with everything! Smooth transfers from airport and to the pier. Even had VIP registration at the pier, for Marriott guests only, so one less line to stand in. We also visited the Marriott on Kauai and would love to make that a vacation by itself next trip to Hawaii.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice place to stay in Waikiki My boyfriend and I spent 4 days at the Marriott from Oct 12-16/2005...having just arrived from Maui, I was disappointed at first by how commercialized Waikiki was, but soon found it a fun place to be....we had a room on the 14th floor in the back tower, with a partial ocean view....which meant, if you stood on your balcony, overtop of all the traffic going by below, and looked left, you could see the beach between the hotels....having had a breathtaking view of the beach in Maui, this was a little disappointing...and with the sound of the traffic, we weren't able to sleep with our doors open at night....for a large Marriott hotel, this was very nice, but there wasn't any personal service, everyone was simply a room number to the staff due to the size of the hotel....the location of this hotel is great if you want to be in the heart of all the action on Waikiki...we opted not to rent a car, and took the city bus to many places, or simply walked...if you have the opportunity, take one of the guided bus tours of Oahu as you'll get to see what the entire island is like, not just Waikiki....we took the city bus to Hanauma Bay to snorkel, Diamond Head, Pearl Harbour, Alo Moana shopping centre, and Dog, The Bounty Hunter's office....the city bus drivers were great about making sure tourists got off at the right spot....we only went to the pool at the Marriott once as we enjoy the beach, but were able to take hotel towels with us to the beach...the beach directly in front of the hotel was crowded, so we opted to walk further down the street to San Souci beach just the other side of the Aquarium (at the W hotel)....it was about 10 minutes, but was cleaner and quieter, and less crowded...I enjoyed that the shops stayed open late each evening so tourists can wander the strip and shop until 11pm....we never ate at the hotel, but would recommend Tiki's (in the hotel next door) for mahi mahi, and Chuck's (in the Outrigger) for a great steak and view of the beach....if I were to return to Hawaii again, I doubt I would come back to Waikiki as it's very much like Miami or NYC on the beach, but if I did, I would consider staying at this hotel again...it was nice, not outstanding, but nice  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bait and Switch! If you don't read my entire post, please read this first part at least. There are two towers at this hotel. One of them is across the street from the beach. The other is a half block back from the first tower which blocks any reasonable view of the ocean. I don't know how someone would guarantee the front tower, but being stuck in the back tower was really disappointing.Upon check-in we told the woman at the front desk that we were honeymooners and had requested a room upgrade on the web (from an ocean view to deluxe ocean view). She told us they were booked solid and no upgrades were available. Typical! Not such a big deal though. But then we were told that all they had were rooms with 2 double beds or rooms on a smoking floor. Neither option made us happy. We were exhausted though. So we took the smoking room which, to be fair, did not smell like smoke at all. When we got to our Ocean View room though, we discovered that we were in the Rear Tower and had to stand on the balcony and look between the front tower and another hotel to see the ocean.All of this wasn't really a big deal. But when you have the fantasy of a Hawaiian beach and ocean view from your room and you get stuck in a lousy room, it puts a damper on things.On a good note, the sushi place in the Marriott called Sansei (sp?) is fantastic!!!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>frontierno1
<Content>Very Nice Stay This is a very nice hotel...We were in the 2nd tower on the 25th floor with a view of Diamond Head/Waikiki Beach. The room was nice, but simple, infact, kinda on the small side, but who needs a huge room in Waikiki? It was also nice to have a fairly large balcony. The hotel is very large! It was very nice to have 2 ABC stores in the hotel! Seriously, that is such a plus to me. The hotel has 2 pools. They are both on the 3rd floor. One of the pools is bustling and popular, while one is set back near the second tower and much quieter. I was kinda let down by the size of the pools. They are small pools! The location is great. It was very easy to get around Waikiki from this hotel. The beach is nice...However it is very lagoon-like...The Sheraton has a much better beach...Oh, and you MUST hike Diamond Head!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jd318us
<Content>Very nice hotel I just returned from Hawaii where I spent 4 days at the Waikiki Marriott and 3 at the Wailea Bay Maui Marriott. The Waikiki has the most comfortable beds I've ever found in a hotel anywhere. The staff was nice, especially Libby at the front desk who corrected a reservation issue quickly. The pool was small, but with Waikiki Beach just across the street, who cares? There is a nice selection of shops and good restaurant choices and shopping within an easy walk.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leejam99
<Content>i'm here right now hi all, I'm currently in Waikiki staying at the Marriott beach resort. I've been here for few days now and i got a chance to get on line so i though i would share some info.Rental Car,I went with Dollor rentals. seem like they had the lowest rate. I also seached the word rental car coupon on the web and used one of the discount codes that i found. It gave me 20% off. I would definetly rent a car on this island and drive around the island. too much to see here. Hotel,Waikiki Beach Marriott is is pretty decent hotel. its located at the end of Waikiki but right accross the street from the beach which is beatiful. Chkin was good. I did arrive at 12pm so our room was not ready. The guarentee is at 3pm. They did provide us with a hospitality room to change and clean up. I also recived an upgrade from a garden view to partial ocean view. I did ask for the upgrade very nicely and also lied and said that this was my honeymoon trip.... :) I am also a Marriott memeber so i'm sure all of the above factor counted. - very nice and friendly staff - Room 2418: nice size, full view of the Diamond head and partial view of the ocean. room is good size with a king bed. decor can use some updating. the bathroom is really small with very week water pressure in the shower. might be because this is one of the top floor (25 in total).- ELEVATOR: yes...the world famous elevator problem. it isn't as bad as i though it would be. there is the sign that states they are going through the remodel. most i had to wait was about 5min...also keep in mind that i'm on the top floor.- air conditioner works great! - internet connection is $14 a day. if you have a wireless card, you can connect to other networks in the area for cheaper. I found one that was $25 for the whole week.- This hotel is on the end of the Waikiki towards Diamond head. shops, resturants, and other hotel are all along the street so its very nice. The beach is also right accross the street.- The pool is very dinky and small but i found that most hotels on the strip are the same. I havent' seen a nice huge pool yet.Don't worry about rushing to get the Entertainment Book and pay the shipping charge. You can pick one up here in Waikiki at Borders express inside the Waikiki shopping plaza.Resturants:good - Giavani's Shrimp truck. damn good.bad - Kobe steak house and Singha Thai...way overpriced and bad food.I'll right more when i get more chance!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HeadedtoHawaii
<Content>a really nice place!!! We stayed here the 2nd week of May..This hotel is REALLY nice. we were on the 21st floor of the K towe in the next to ther corner room. REALLY NICE! we are breakfast at Dukes buffett, little expensive but nice!make sure you rent a car and drive to the North Shore when you got as you WON'T regret it!feel free to email me for any info you may need as I know I had TONS of questions before we went!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good place to stay in Waikiki We booked the cheapest room on Marriott's web site (senior rate, city view), and when we checked in we were automatically given an upgrade to an ocean view room. I am a member of their rewards program and use their affinty credit card, so that may have been a factor. Nice large room, and a decent, but not full, view of the beach and the ocean and also of sunrises over the mountains to the east of the city.Positives: Great location: across the street from a not too crowded at the time section of the beach and right in the heart of WaikikiVery nice, good sized room, up to Marriott's ususual standards, and helpful staff.Negatives: Parking costs $14 a day (with in and out privileges) and the room key sometimes took 3 or 4 tries to make the gates work. May be better to use excellent public transit around the city and rent a car by the day (Hertz is in the hotel and others are nearby) to see other parts of the island.High-speed internet is available in the rooms, but costs about $13 a day.Other:Elevators were OK most of the time but had to wait a couple of minutes a few times. Signs say they are upgrading the system.Could hear music coming from outdoor restaurant across the street, but was not very loud and did not keep us awake.Stayed five nights and would stay there again if I wanted to be right by the beach and in the heart of Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joanne511
<Content>Nice hotel and location       View from room 3361 P tower  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>wallyQ
<Content>Nice Hotel       View from room 3361 P tower  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Basics_from_Barb
<Content>Always count on Marriott After much reading and decision-making, we chose the Marriott Waikiki Beach resort for 3 nights to experience Waikiki Beach. I read more trip-advisor reviews than anyone, and I am here to tell you that what one person found a negative, another may find a positive. It was a great place to stay (did request the K tower as someone suggested and very pleased with that choice) and found September to be a great month where there were not a lot of children and a very fun adult time to go. The Marriott had a great location, friendly people, clean, easy to catch tours at . . and I enjoyed listening to the music the Aston (across the street) had going at night. If you plan on going to bed at 8:00 and want peace and quiet, don't go to Waikiki Beach. Go to the Turtle Bay Resort on the other end of the island, where we stayed for one night and it was wonderful. So experience the noise and excitement of Waikiki Beach - and go expecting it!! - and then go to the other end of the island to get away from traffic and city noise. It's all in what you expect. Super picky people need to go and pay the tremendous prices at other hotels. But for the money we paid per night at the Marriott - we found it to be just what we expected and had a wonderful trip. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mesmerising views       View from room 3361 P tower  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>vikkij1980
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Some people must expect too much! I stayed at the Marriott Waikiki Beach for 5 nights on September 4, 2005. I am 25 and 3 of my girlfriends are within the same age group. I thought there were mixed reviews on this hotel but thought I would go ahead and book it anyway, as it seemed to be the best price for the location and average on good reviews. I honestly loved this hotel and would stay there again and recommend it to anyone. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. When we checked in, I realised I had requested a high floor room forgetting that one of my friends was scared of heights but we were moved to a lower floor room with no problems! As we were 4 females we didn't want to share beds so two roll away beds were taken to our room immediately. The room wasn't huge but still big enough for 2 double beds and 2 full size roll away beds and with us still managing to move around freely, so we had no complaints. I was expecting the elevators to be very slow because of the reviews but something must have changed because we didn't have to wait longer than a minute each time and were constanly in and out of them. The hotel is in a very good location, right across from the beach and within walking distance of the restaurants and shops, which was a huge selling point for us!I have stayed in many holidays, as this year I have been on 5 vacations to date so I can compare this hotel to many hotels of it's star rating and price range. I cannot see why people could rate this hotel not that great because it exceeded all my expectations. All we really wanted was a clean room, great location and helpful staff. We got all that and much more.I realise that some people are always going to complain about something and not everyone has the same views but if you are looking for a clean, beautiful hotel, with great amenities (especially the gym) and a great location, you should certainly stay here!The breakfast buffet was also good and was included in our Paradise plus room package, which I am glad I chose as it was $12.99 (Continental) or $19.99 (regular) normally. I would also really recommend going to Kauai, even if just for a day trip! Oahu really wasn't what I imagined Hawaii to be like as although it is lovely, it is very Americanized with tall buildings etc. However, Kauai is very Hawaiian and the real Hawaiian experience.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ennl
<Content>Nothing good here We stayed at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort Hotel in August 2005 for 7 nights. We have stayed in many Marriott hotels, mainly in England, and expected the same high standard that we were used to. We were very disappointed. We had problems at check-in. Although we had informed them that we would arrive at 12 noon the room wasn't ready and they asked us to come back at 3pm, it still wasn't ready. At 3.30pm we were given the keys. Having to queue up for about 15 to 20 minutes each time was not what we wanted on the first day of our holiday here. The room itself was clean, but the bathroom needed attention as there was mould in the shower and the bath was peeling. We paid for an upgrade for a partial ocean view which was worth it and it was nice to sit on the balcony at night. The concierge desks were a joke, two desks but with too many customers. Typical waiting time to speak to the concierge was 20 - 30 minutes and after a few attempts we gave up. If you decide to stay here (and we strongly recommend that you don't), choose K tower for better views. However, be prepared to wait ages for a lift and then when they arrive be prepared for the a squash. There were 5 elevators, but one was broken the whole time. Once in your room don't expect to get any peace until after midnight because the hotel opposite has a live band playing every night very loudly. We were on the 18th floor and even with the windows shut we could hear them. To summarize, we were very disappointed. We thought we had chosen one of the best hotels and it certainly wasn't. We would definitely not stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lasemuse
<Content>Great Location Our family of four stayed here for two nights on our way to the Big Island. We had a spacious deluxe corner room with two queen beds and a fold-out couch - perfect as we were staying with our two teen-aged sons. Our room over-looked the beach and promenade with its terrific tiki torches after dark. The bathroom was a little small with only one sink and a tub/shower with shower curtain but the view made up for it. We were high up, but in the evenings if we opened the balcony door we could faintly hear the live Hawaiian music from Tiki's Restaurant next door. This may be a problem on lower floors. We found all of the staff we dealt with to be very gracious. There were plenty of shops and restaurants within walking distance and of course the beautiful beach across the street. We were even able to walk down to the last of the Wednesday evening concerts at the zoo which was great fun. The only real negative was the elevators that everyone mentions. With one always out of service we had to wait quite a while several times and all the guests were complaining.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>enjoyed our stay We stayed at Marriott for 5 nights. I booked it through United Escape. I probably could of gotten a better deal through priceline[-], but we had a decent deal. We were upgraded from city view to ocean view in the K building without asking, but we got the south side view and the noise from the aston hotel next door. I think the walls are very think because one day, my kids were jumping up and down on the bed and our neighbor complained by knocking on the wall. Room and bathroom were clean and location is excellent. And Yes the elevators are slow, but there was a sign up saying that they are doing a $600,000 renovation to the elevator computer system to eliminate the problem. Very good sign for future visitors. Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wintersummer
<Content>Great Hotel       Marriott Waikiki Beach - Exterior Hotel  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott Should Be Ashamed Beautiful lobby. Very small, dirty rooms. Uncomfortable beds. Refrigerator did not work well. Key cards for rooms and parking garage (at $14 parking per day) worked sporadically. Over 30 stories and 700 rooms, but most days only 3 elevators worked, computers down on check out so no bill to approve and they overcharged after we left. Have disputed the charges. Can not recommend this hotel and will never stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sfineman
<Content>Great Hotel Great Location What a hotel across the street from the beach right in the heart of Waikii. We were upgraded to a Jr. Suite on the 30th floor. What a view. The room was huge. I appreciated the coffee maker. We were here 8/14-8/16. this is a very busy hotel. Dont use the shutle from the airport to get here, it takes too long. They have self parking and Valet parking. The location of this hotel is the best. Seatles Best Coffee is in the lobby. WolfGang Puck's express is across the street. I recommend this hotel to anyone who is staying in Honol.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovesSpike
<Content>Great room, Great view We stayed here for three nights before our NCL Cruise. The room was spotless and had a great view from the 22nd floor. We never waited more than two minutes for the elev. and we were in the P Tower. The beds were the most comfortable hotels beds we ever slept in. Yes, the bathroom is small but there is a separate sink and vanity area. Perfectly functional. Free Lei making class three times a week in lobby. Great breakfast buffet, with wonderful Japanese selections, although I thought it was a little expensive for breakfast, $19.99 I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't be any blah... Worst elevators... Personally, the fact that this hotel is ranked 7th in Hawaii on this website says it all. Hawaii, or Oahu to be precise, simply lacks good hotels. I forgot the name of the tower, but I stayed on the 21st floor in the tower close to the beach. While the room was quite spacious, it was completely tasteless. Someone has to get the whole tropical theme decor right!! The elevator was a nightmare. Even with 5 or 6 elevator banks, there was a constant line of people waiting to run into the the next available elevator. I can see how Marriot wants to maximize their own profit by creating as many rooms as possible, but c'mon... waiting on line to catch an elevator is not what I look for in a relaxing getaway. House service was also disappointing. They would clean the rooms, but I noticed for 2 days straight that they weren't vacuuming the carpets. Someone had clipped their nails on the floor... and the nails were there from the time I checked in until the the time I was outta there. The bathroom was the worst. Couldn't be more tasteless than that. The tub looked unclean. The worst part about the bathroom was the water pressure of the shower. It was nonexistent. No water pressure whatsoever. While the location is convenient, the hotel is a complete waste of money. The staff were extremely unprofessional, too. Especially the Japanese-speaking concierge lady.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Marriott went above and beyond!       Outside the Marriott at night  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Hotel Booked hotel on marriott web site and went for the Romance Package as we were celebrating our Silver Wedding Anniversary.On arrival greeted by friendly and helpful bell staff and exceptionally pleasant and helpful male receptionist (Jatin) - he was really helpful and advised that if we changed our room to a double queen status we could have a room in the K tower nearest the beach. (I had originally booked a room with a King bed but apparently there are very few of these and their locations seem to be towards the rear of the K tower and P tower).We were allocated a front corner room on the 23rd floor of the K tower - what views we had; it was tremendous. Picture window towards the ocean/beach and lanai looking up Kalakaua Avenue and Wakiki Beach.Room was bright and clean; small bathroom but adequate. Housekeeping staff very friendly and diligent.Lifts didn't cause us any problems - always arrived in reasonable time. When you are on the 23rd floor any wait is preferable to climbing the stairs!!Breakfast included in package - buffet style in Kuhio Grill and exceptionally good; plenty of choice and eggs/omelettes cooked on request.Also ate in the Steakhouse and again couldn't find any faults - food very good and staff very efficient.Large amount of shops on ground floor of hotel with the customary ABC store (very reasonable prices)Hotel located at the quieter end of the strip but within easy walking distance of shopping malls and international market.Had to cross the road to the beach but this didn't cause any problems.We went to the Polynesian Cultural Centre and would recommend this trip. Also went to Pearl Harbor and yes we had to endure a lengthy line and wait before going to the arizona. Everyone says to go in the morning but by lunchtime the lines had disappeared and waiting times reduced - I would recommend you time your arrival around 1.00pm so as not to waste your morning.The beach was clean and plenty of space. The hawaians are very friendly and we thoroughly enjoyed our 5 night stay at the Marriott. We would definitely stay there again if we return to Oahu.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chentine
<Content>Request K Tower       View from K tower room  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JoannaK
<Content>Reservation and other problems I have recently stayed in Marriott Waikiki Beach Hotel booking my stay in cooperation with NCL America cruise company and the post cruise package hotel they offer.The package was a 3 night stay in Marriott and 1 extra night payed separetely by me. This extra night caused many troubles during my stay.First,they didn't accept that Ibooked a partial sea view room supporting that their contract with NCL included only standard rooms.So the extra night I had to change my room as it was a separate reservation.Fortunately when we discovered that our room had a double bed instead of twins they accepted to give us a partial sea view one in order to stay all nights.I thought that the problen was solved but i made a great mistake.After the third night we had to check out finding out by accident.So i tried to resolve the problen once again.The last time was when i finally cheked out I faced up the same problems.I just wonder what is going on with their online system or the employees in reception?Keep in mind that I travelled to Hawaii from Europe after 22 hours of flight this situation wasn't ideal at all.In addition to this I'd like to say that in any case wasn't a top end hotel.Rooms were spacious but walls so thin that I heard clearly even the very private moments next room's guests.I think that if I visit again Waikiki I 'll think better my stay conditions.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bearac
<Content>Marriott was great       View of Waikik Beach from hotel room on 19th floor  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MichaelC77
<Content>First time in Hawaii and what a wonderful time!!       View from balcony- Room 2424  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location but hotel has some issues We just got back from a five night stay over fourth of July weekend at the Marriott Waikiki. We stayed in the recommended tower closest to the beach on the 24th floor with a great ocean view. The good--The balcony view was fantastic; the bed was big  comfortable; the location was perfect; the laundry room was convenient by the pool with comfortable seating/television; the lobby was nice with open air, waterfalls, pond and a Seattle's coffee to get moving in the morning. The bad--the elevators were horrible (as stated many times). People would wait so long they packed in to any that opened. The toilet flushing was somewhat loud. The air conditioner took a long time to cool the room. But the worst was the valet giving our rental car away to another party on the day of departure. They did accomodate us by taking us to the airport themselves, handling the return of the rental car the next day and paying all late fees/gas fillups and sending a $50 gift card with apology, but it definately bothered me the first whole day in Kauai until we heard from them (didn't call until the next morning even though the car came back around 7pm the evening before) that the car was returned undamaged. I never had that happen before and I knew the car wouldn't leave the island, but was extremely concerned that I would be responsible on the remote case that the new driver would damage the vehicle or hurt someone driving it. Nothing happened, but I still wish they would have been more diligent in giving cars out no matter how similar they look. At $19/day plus tip, you think they could master matching the hanging ticket in rearview mirror to the number you held relatively easily. I would have given the hotel 4 stars even with the elevators because of the great visit, but the valet issue made me reluctant on revisiting the hotel in the future.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel since it was free My husband and I spent 7 nights at this hotel in May 2005. The hotel was nice, but after reading all the reviews about people getting upgraded rooms, we were disappointed that we were stuck in a standard room with a city view on the 4th floor in the back tower. When we asked for an upgrade, the clerk treated us like we were ridiculous. (Overall, people in Hawaii were very friendly, though). So, despite what you read about free upgrades, don't expect one. Also, our balcony railing was a concrete wall, so when I actually sat down in a chair on the balcony, I had NO view, unless I looked up at the sky. The 4th floor appeared to be the only floor with no-view concrete wall railings on the balcony. Fortunately, we had enough Marriott Rewards to use to stay for free for our whole visit, so at least we weren't out any money. I doubt I would pay full price to stay at this hotel. Besides the disappointing balcony, the room was nice  clean. We did get a couples massage at Spa Okalina in the hotel, but you cannot use Marriott Bucks for this service. Even though the back of the coupon says you can use it for spa services at Marriott resorts, when we tried to pay with the Marriott Bucks at check-out, they refused to accept it because they said the Marriott didn't own this spa, so that was $100 we weren't intending to pay.Even though this may be the quieter side of Waikiki, that doesn't mean that it's quiet. Our main problem was the noise from the city buses that have the really loud brakes and stop at every block, it seems. The street noise from traffic was bothersome sometimes in our room, even at 11 p.m. We were facing the Aston, but didn't hear any of the loud music other reviewers have referred to, but maybe that's because we were in the back tower. If you are expecting to hear the waves crash on the shore from your room or balcony, this is not the place for you. (Even if you had an ocean front room in the front tower, I doubt you'd be able to hear the ocean becasue there is a street with a lot of people, stores, and restaurants between your room and the ocean).We didn't eat at any of the hotel restaurants. We did enjoy Cheeseburger in Paradise for dinner - fun atmosphere. And, we really enjoyed breakfast at LuLu's next door -- you can eat at a breakfast bar that faces an open window with an ocean view. We also rented a convertible from the Hertz in the hotel and spent a day driving around the island. That was very worthwhile and so neat to drive so close to the ocean. If we ever return to Oahu, we would probably try to stay in the Kailua Beach area instead of Waikiki Beach. Snorkeling at Hanuma Bay, hiking up Diamond Head, and hiking the Manoa Falls trail in the rainforest were all GREAT activities. We went to Germaine's Luau. The luau itself was ok and the food was pretty good (the pork was delicious). If you're a AAA member, you'll get a good discount at this luau. However, I would NOT recommed taking the shuttle that's included in the price. It's about a 45 min. ride to the luau and they have VERY annoying hosts that talk on the microphone on the bus the WHOLE way there and the WHOLE way back. The guy just kept repeating stupid jokes, had some inappropriate humor for kids (much of his gabber related to alcohol), and just wouldn't shut up and let you ride in peace. The only way I would go back to this luau is if I drove myself there. Since it was our first time to Hawaii, we thought we just had to do a luau; however, I probably either just wouldn't do a luau again if I returned, or I might try to Polynesian Culture Center even though it's more expensive and farther away. All in all, we enjoyed our time here, but if I didn't get to stay with Marriott Rewards and was going to pay as much as these rooms cost, I would prefer a hotel that's actually on the beach (although we didn't think the walk to the beach was that bad), a location where you don't hear traffic noise in your room, and place with much fancier resort-type pools.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location, beautiful view My son and I spent 3 short days in Honolulu at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa. We splurged on our hotel because we wanted to be right on Waikiki, and we were there for such a short time, we felt we could afford it. It was so worth it! We were happily surprised to arrive and find our room was ready for early check in - 11:00. They also upgraded us to an ocean view (from a partial ocean view) room, without our even asking and at no extra charge. The hotel itself is not as spectacular as some others - but the service was excellent, the elevators quick and convenient, and the hotel is not so huge that you get lost. The room was very clean and nicely decorated in Hawaiian style. But the very best part in my opinion, was the balcony overlooking the beach. We were on the 15th floor and you could just sit there for hours taking in the view. The hotel is at the quieter end of the strip, and very close to the zoo and the aquarium. The other end of the strip seemed noisy with lots of shops and people. Nice to visit, but I wouldn't want to stay there.One of the reasons I chose this hotel is because they didn't have a kids club. This seems to be a more adult oriented hotel - I didn't really see any kids - which was what I wanted. We ate breakfast at the Grill restaurant (buffet) twice - and it was excellent. We ate dinner at the steakhouse, and it, too, was very good. In the evenings there is a restaurant by the pool, and there is live entertainment. We didn't go downstairs for that, but listened to it from our balcony.I would definitely stay here again. We really really hated to leave. It was a wonderful vacation, and a beautiful location.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Viking78
<Content>4th of July weekend at Waikiki My family and I stayed at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa over the 4th of July holiday. After reading past reviews before and after our stay, I would like to make a few comments that may or may not be helpful to you...Before booking our vacation, our travel agent mentioned that everyone's experience with a particular travel plan and hotel varies with their own expectations and preferences. We did quite a bit of homework before booking our trip and traveling to the islands. For us, it paid off in the end.We booked our stay through Pleasant Holidays (Hotel and transportation only, we booked our airfare and tours separately), and were given a partial ocean view room on the 19th Floor in the K tower. From our lanai, we had a view of the Aston Hotel, Diamond Head and Waikiki Beach. We loved our view and spent every chance we had enjoying it. No complaints there whatsosever.We ate breakfast every morning at the Kuhio Beach Grill and made good use of the buffet. Our experiences with the servers were very positive. Considering we were in Hawaii, the prices were reasonable since food on the neighboring islands is more expensive. In addition, we ate dinner at Arancino's one night and Moana Terrace Grill two nights. Arancino's is reasonably priced and thought the prices at Moana Terrace Grill for food was fair. You could say that the drinks are expensive, but as a previous reviewer mentioned, part of it is based on the glass and to me, you are paying for the ambiance as well (i.e., Music/View of the Ocean).The pools are small, however, most guests spend their time across the street at Waikiki/Kuhio Beach. The pool is great for evening use.The elevators are very slow. No need to elaborate here. What past reviewers have said explains it all.Overall, we were very satisfied with our stay. We thought the staff was friendly and accommodating to our needs. Based on our experience, we would definitely stay there again and use Pleasant Holidays if we return to Oahu.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay in Paradise We stayed two days prior to our NCL cruise. They gave us an upgrade to an oceanview-corner room without us asking. The room was very large with two very comfortable queen beds. Noise was not an issue even though several reviews have mentioned that as a complaint. The elevator in the tower was very slow, which was the only complaint. The concierge was very helpful and worked hard to make things right when a tour bus didn't pick us up. I would love to go back to Hawaii and would stay at the Marriott again. I think it is a good value. Sure you could find a better hotel but look at the prices. Is any hotel worth $500 a night?Pearl Harbor was a mixed bag for us. It is a must see, but you are treated like cattle. You get herded into lines, forced to wait for very long periods, subjected to huge lines for the ladies bathroom and museum, and not really allowed to let the surroundings settle in.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely not a 4-star hotel We stayed here for the last two nights of our honeymoon. We had stayed a week at the Four Seasons Resort in Maui and we loved it. If we had stayed at the Mariott first and the Four Seasons second, then maybe I would have given it more of a chance. With that said, when we first arrived the Marriott staff let us check in a few hours early and upgraded us to an Ocean View room in the tower further from the ocean (there are two towers). The room was on the 19th floor and had two full beds. The decor is very green and quite tacky, seems as if they have not updated it since the 70s. We asked them to change to a room with a king bed and after about 30 minutes of searching, they had switched us to a Partial Ocean View in the tower closer to the ocean on the 11th floor. The view was actually a lot better than the previous room which was an Ocean view and higher up. The bathrooms are small and very basic. The balcony is very small and the room has a mini-fridge but not a mini-bar. There is a coffee maker in the bathroom. We got free breakfast as part of our package and the breakfast was actually prety good. There was a very good selection of buffet foods. The staff is ok, they aren't overly friendly. Overall, I this this is a very basic, no frills hotel. We booked with Pleasant Holidays, I would avoid booking with them, they changed our flights around and we had lots of layovers on the way back. Also, while we were there we got tickets to Germaine's Luau through the concierge, I would avoid eating the food there, it made me sick that night. Also, give yourself extra time if planning on going anywhere, the elevators take forever and are almost always packed to full capacity. Location is pretty good, not the best, but above average. It's not right on the beach, you have to cross a road to get to a public beach. I wouldn't stay here again, but then again I wasn't a fan of Honolulu/Waikiki as a whole and do not plan on returning.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Boo1
<Content>Great Stay..Great Price This hotel was a great choice on Waikiki Beach. It is a great hotel with big rooms...across the street from the beach. The views were nice and the rooms were above average. The property had 2 pools to choose from however, the food was overpriced. Overall, A great stay at a great price  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a nice time       View from our window at the Marriott  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>coopchang
<Content>Mostly ++++ at the Marriott Just got back from a 6 night stay at the Marriott Waikiki! Mostly good things to stay. From previous reviews asked for the K tower even though originally we were booked in the P tower. The K tower is the tower closer to the beach and was the most recently remodeled. Our room was an ocean view and we later discovered there is a deluxe ocean view which is much better, but 65.00 more per night and no King beds left. We did have an ocean view but only from the balcony. We were up on the 24th floor, facing Diamond Head and the Aston Hotel. If we sat on the balcony we could see a stretch of ocean. The pool is larger on the K tower side although we found both pools pretty small. Food at the pool was decent and OK priced. Drinks are very expensive ($8.00) at the pool because they serve them in a fancy take home plastic parfait glass. Ask for the plain plastic cup instead. Pools also have cabanas which you rent for $15.00 a day. We splurged on our last day for a cabana. We had already absorbed way too much sun in 6 days and the chaise lounges in the cabanas are padded and cushy! What a luxury to take a nap outside by the pool with a cool trade wind! Slow elevators continue to plague this complex. Sometimes you could wait 10+ minutes to catch an elevator. Marriott recognizes this as a big problem and 1 elevator was taken out of service completely for an upgrade. Our room was nice size and the King bed was luscious!!!! Water pressure in the shower is low....hard to rinse soap from long hair....but toilets had a super-sonic flush! Places to eat that were close by that became our favorites: Tiki Grill at the Aston, Dukes, and the always popular...Shorebird Grill! For every day essentials...the staff at the K tower ABC store was the best and we purchased water, beer, wine, chips, and other snacks! P.S. Loved the room's refrigerator and closet safe!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel of you like the touristy thing, but not for everybody The Marriott Waikiki Beach is a nice hotel across the street from Waikiki Beach. I paid $265/nite in June which was a little overpriced in my opinion. The elevators in the Paoakalani Tower our extremely slow and you often have to wait 5+ minutes between 4-6pm to get on one. The Marriott hotel is in the middle of everything and with that there are lines at all of the restaurants in the neighborhood so reservations are suggested. There is plenty of action always goin on in the area and you shouldn't have a problem finding something if you have kids or want a drink. The gym was nice and no charge, unlike most things in Honolulu. If you don't mind the touristy feeling of Hawaii it is a good hotel, but if you are looking to relax than I would go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bob1primate
<Content>quality stay, great location We stayed here for 2 nights as part of an NCL America post-cruise package in May 2005. The hotel was great. Room and bathroom were very spacious and well appointed. The refridgerator and coffeemaker were convenient. We were in the back tower and definitely had a city view. The location was excellent. Even though it is near the end of Waikiki beach, the beach directly in front of the hotel is a nice protected pool, and the main strand is only a short walk away. Plenty of amenities nearby. Conceirge service was very helpful with transport information. I would recommend this hotel based on its room quality, service and location.Also- this site was a great resource in planning this vacation!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TBSOrange
<Content>3 Stars Good points:Great location on Waikiki Beach Comfortable bedsCleanTwo small but really nice rooftop pools that go to 8 feet deep/very refreshingGreat poolside lounge with good entertainment nightly and great food and drinks (especially the frozen mango margaritas!)Bad Points:Very slow and overcrowded elevatorsTiny bathrooms, totally inadequate for a 4 star resortNonprivate balconies, although they did have good views.Small closet, and the safe was on the floor which was annoying.I am used to 4-5 star hotels, so I don't think I would stay here again due to the bad points noted above. Next time, assuming I go again, I would try the Hallakulani or the Sheraton.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fredandkell
<Content>Great hotel, but noisy.... The GOOD: Got a double upgrade to corner oceanview without asking...stayed in K tower, which is the nicer tower....huge room, comfortable beds, large balcony, convenient to everything, less hustle-bustle side of Waikiki, friendly staff, robes in room, good bathroom toiletries. Waikiki Beach is great! Spa was nice - had a good massage - but locker room facilities were small (one shower in women's locker room?)The BAD: Let's face it, Waikiki is a party beach. The Aston next door is LOUD. They play nonstop music until about 10:30 pm every day so a mid-afternoon nap is difficult. We were on the front corner of the K tower on the side AWAY from the Aston, and it was still very loud. Also the Marriott itself plays music on the 3rd floor by the pool (but not so late) and on Saturday and Sunday nights they set up a big movie screen on the beach and you can hear that too. Would I stay here again? Yes. I would just insist on being in the back tower, FAR away from the Aston. THINGS TO DO: Disagree with the below reviewer, we loved Cheeseburger in Paradise. At first I was skeptical that it was a tourist trap, but they really do have some of the best cheeseburgers and fries you will ever eat. Also liked Run Sushi in the Marriott Lobby. We honestly thought Pearl Harbor was a bit overrated. You get there and you get a ticket for your time to see a 23-minute movie (I found very interesting, but my husband thought was boring, because he's a big history buff and found it to be too simplistic for people who already know a lot about WWII). The memorial itself is simply that, a place to reflect and read the names of the fallen. So if you do go, be prepared to wait about 3 hours to see a movie and look at a memorial and go home. Not being disrespectful to the fallen men and women of Pearl Harbor; just letting you know that there isn't much to do here.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sunshinegirl14
<Content>Marriott/Waikiki NOT that GREAT In all fairness the Marriott is ok. I travel alot and the staff is courteous and does try to please. I had a suite the room was nice and clean with comfortable bedding. The location had alot to be desired. I was on the 23rd floor and I still heard trucks and noise in the early morning hours as well as breathing car fumes. There wasn't any clean ocean air like you would think...the beach is a total joke. The sand isnt very nice and unless you stay at one of the major Sheratons (Pink Palace or Moana) then you probably won't be able to get a beach chair/umberella. Also keep in mind this is wall to wall people everywhere. Think Disney World crowds. The food at a so called nice restraunt from what I experienced is NOT good! Better yet plan on spending alot of money for lousy food and dining experience. I hate being this negative but considering the time and exspense of traveling one should be forewarned. I did get out to other parts of Ohau and didn't find it much better...still a ton of traffic and people compressed. Beaches/meals ok not anything great. I have visited Kaui and Maui and find that Maui is the best in my opinion. My husband agrees with me having the same opinion. Go to Waikiki if you must for a couple of days but you could skip it entirely and you would not miss much. Those who are so in love with it, I have to question whether they have traveled and been to really nice beaches/resorts. I guess it depends on what you are looking for...it is somewhat similar to South Beach in Miami, except South Beach is better. Good luck!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cindylovestotravel
<Content>Most comfortable beds ever! Stayed three enjoyable days, loved the location across from the Waikiki peir, walking distance to the the zoo and park. On Saturday night they had a drive in movie on the beach. Walking distance to great shopping including a local swap meet and upscale shops. We saved a fortune by using the coupons in the tourest guide books you find in lobby's and in displays on the street. The hotel was nice and clean and the room was large. The rooms have a refrigerator and coffee pot and they sell yogurt, snacks, fruit, coffee etc. in the ABC store in the lobby. We were upgraded to a partial ocean/diamond head view but we were in the back building so honestly the view wasn't that great, it was a good upgrade but not sure it would have been worth the money. When I go back I will definetely pay for the full ocean view in the front building on the oposite side of the Aston hotel which has an outside lounge which you would be able to hear. I took advantage of some hotel freebies which were great... I made a free Lai from orchids in the hotel lobby (didn't see it advertised so ask at the desk). I took the free snorkel lesson in the pool. At first I was disappointed because they give you the stuff in the scuba shop and tell you what to do and you go to the pool alone to practice, but the practice was needed and it was good to do it at my own comfort level. When I really went snorkeling it all paid off! If there was any real complaint it would be the pools they are small and cold but being right across the street from the beach we didn't spend any real time there anyhow. The beds are made especially for Marriott and I found out they sell them to the public (around $1500. after shipping, etc.) I am ordering one! I registered for their email specials and they sent me one for my dates so we stayed here on a great price of $159. per night. We stayed here before we went on the Pride Of Aloha cruise which worked out great! Definetley spend the money to get at least one day of the prepackage if you are cruising. Pre-check in is in the lobby and they came and got our luggage on departure day, we didn't have to deal with it until we were in our room on the ship. We had a special line at the ship and didn't have to deal with long lines for check in! Next to the hotel there are several shuttle/trolley pick up stations making getting places easier. We went to Germaine's Luau which picks you up at that shuttle location you can book it through the hotel but I found a coupon and got 20% off booking through Germaine's. For $10.00 PP we got a shuttle through the conceirge to go RT to the memorial. The pick up location was right outside the doors not at the shuttle location and the shuttle was a half hour late but the ride was good and they picked us up to bring us back right on time.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>onedude
<Content>Yet another amazing stay with Marriott We stayed at this property from 5/23 through 5/28 and this was our first time back to the hotel since 2002, when on that occasion they had recently taken over from the former Regent Hotel chain.Everything quintessential about Marriott was there. Relaxed check in, friendly welcoming staff, the open air lobby...even though we were early we were given a room number and a time it would be available, along with a double upgrade to ocean view. We were invited to relax by the pool and to recheck for our keys later. We did that (and reminder - please use sunscreen as we forgot and ended up like a honey glazed ham :)Room was 2268 in P tower - Non Smoking King. Great room size, the amazingly comfortable Marriott Bed and heaps of room for our 3 suitcases and to stretch out. This room was interconnecting but we heard no noise from our neighbours on either side despite the hotel being full.The view was great from our room - straight ahead to the azure waters of Waikiki Beach. A little street noise even at 22 stories, but easily blocked out with the sliding door closed.The pool in K tower is better (more resort style) and can be easily reached by getting out of the elevator on Level 3 in P tower and walking across the ramp. Great bar and great views and loads of deck chairs.There are a heap more shops in the Marriott lobby now including 2x Seattle's Best Coffees, a Hertz depot and lots of food options including the Kuhio grill and Sushi Restauarant. The Sushi place does happy hour Bud for USD1.95 from 1130am - 9pm - looked a great deal.We tried Cheeseburger in Paradise like one of the previous reviews here as it was close - but we were disappointed. Our check for two burgers, fries and a few beers was pushing USD50 - you could have done a lot better for quality and quantity at Denny's down on Kuhio.Walking distance to everything including bars and the Food Pantry on Kuhio (opposite the Ohana Waikiki) and great value with great staff. I would pay top dollar to stay here again - the Marriott experience is world class at this hotel.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this Hotel We just got back from a vacation on Oahu. We arrived at the Marriott Waikiki on 5/20 and checked out on 5/29. I agree completely with most of the reviews on this hotel. The hotel is a great place to stay. We stayed in the K tower in a corner room on the 21st floor. We had an ocean view picture window and an ocean view balcony. We upgraded to this room and it was worth paying for. The views were amazing. Most mornings we had coffee on the balcany while we watched the surfers. The hotel and our room were nicely furnished with modern, comfortable furniture. Our room was immaculate upon check-in and thouroughly cleaned by our maid each day. The hotel staff were also able to answer our questions about any subject. We were never given wrong information or mislead by any staff member.The pool area of this tower was also great. The pool is not very big, but with the Pacific Ocean across the street, it doesn't need to be. The only bad review I have applies to the elevators. There are too few of them and they are too slow. I have read other bad reviews of the hotel and find much of them are not based in reality. Perhaps some people are experiencing sour grapes.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Crazynoodle
<Content>Had a wonderful time My husband and I stayed at the Marriottt Waikiki Beach Resort  Spa from May 4th-10th for our 5th Anniversary. We were immediately upgraded to a POV room. We had a beautiful view of the beach, ocean and Diamond Head. WOW!The room wasn't huge, but we didn't spend much time there. There was a bit of re-tiling going on in some of the lobby hallways, but it wasn't a bother.The last reviewer was talking about the small pool and no food or drink served. We spent 2 days out at the pool (rented a cabana 1 day) and there is most definitely food and drink service brought to your chair or cabana. There is also a restaurant area with tables and a bar within a few steps of the pool area. The food was very good.I wouldn't hesistate to recommend this hotel for vacationers, business travelers or honeymooners. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. I hurt my back the last day and they were very kind to allow us to stay in our room until 3pm when we were picked up to head to the airport.All this and you're at the quiet end of Waikiki beach but walking distance to everything.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PGore
<Content>Expensive, 3*** Quality This Marriott hotel is overpirced and over-rated. These are some problems I found:-- 4.5 stars? i think NOT. Small room, tiny old bathroom, cheap furniture, ugly and dead lobby. My US rating is rather 3 star.-- Consierge, SPA, and restaurants do not belong to the hotel. Could not use my Marriot Reward points for anything!-- Expensive. Expect to pay $130-150/night-- No private beach unlike Sheraton or Hilton.-- Ugly, small swimming pool with NO food or drink service. (25ft x 6ft)Do your research before booking here. Good luck!  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KMurphyAtlanta
<Content>Very pleased I am platinum with Marriott (75 stays or more per year) and like to use my my status for Marriott vacation upgrades. I stay in a lot of dumpy courtyards for business in order to have nice vacations at better Marriotts. Usually while on vacation, Marriott treats me very well, and the Waikiki Beach Resort experience was no different. I paid for a non-ocean view room because Marriotts always upgrade Platinum members- even though there is no guarantee. This time, they couldn't upgrade me, which was a disappointment. This would normally be met with suspicion as the hotel is quite large even though the number of rooms directly on the ocean are few. However, the manager lowered the rate that I paid to the lowest quality room rate and I had a partial ocean view which had a fantastic view of both the ocean and the skyline. I was very pleased. We could look up the road that runs along the beach and see the nightly torch lighting of the lights along the ocean. Once again, Marriott rewards their platinum members in a consistently good way. The room was quiet, large and clean, the balcony very large. The service quite good. The bathroom was modern and clean- all you need to know about the quality of a hotel is a picture of room's bathroom. Sorry I don't have one to attach.Oddly, the three things that make Oahu famous to me- the beach, pearl harbor and the luau, were all strangely disappointing. One thing I would tell anyone who has a love of the mid-east and islamic arts is to visit the Doris Duke house. It's a logistical nightmare to do it, but the highlight of the trip. Read up on her- she had an interesting life and a fantastic home. Also, rent a car for at least a day and drive around the island- easily feasible. The surf on the North Side must be seen to be understood. TV doesn't do justice to just how big those waves are.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>duckduckgoose
<Content>Must do K tower, Perfect Location       bathroom  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kymani67
<Content>Business/Vacation..it was wonderful!! I stayed at the Marriott for 5 nights. I asked to be upgraded for free but I had a government rate so, I paid the extra $30 a night. I ended up in the K tower room 730. The view was a partial ocean view and across the street was the party hard Ashton Hotel. It is kind of loud but when you have to work in the morning..it can be a drag!! The breakfast downstairs by the shops was great...a buffet and cook to order eggs, omelet, waffles..It was 21.00 for one person but I was not paying for it..I ate at the pool a few times..a little expensive..your best bet is to walk to the restaurants around the corner like paradise cheeseburger. The best place for breakfast was the seaside grill. Breakfast was like 5.00..great place if looking for low budget. After working for three days, I got to take some personal time to myself..I ended swimming with the dolphins and sea lions..it was expensive but an enjoyable time to remember. Also, try the catamaran boats on the beach..There are about 3 different boats. The one I pick was the blue/white boat. It was $15 and you get to bring your own drinks (they did sell drinks on there!). The boat took you out in the ocean for about 1 1/2 - 2hours...the 3 men on the boat was very nice and made sure your cup was always full...the music on the boat was great and also, the owner has a dog..a small dog..the dog stayed cover-up right under the captain..I thought that was cute..On the boat, the sunset was beautiful. One place that you have to eat is the TOP of Waikiki. The service and food was surperb...I had the lamb cooked in the 3 different ways...If you arrive between 5 -6...a sunset menu is available for lower prices...AND DO NOT FORGET TO MAKE RESERVATION!!! Also, ate at Bubba Gumps at the ala Mona mall..Across from Bubba Gumbs is the Mai Tai bar..a nice place to have a few drinks and good convo. THE MOST IMPORTANT THING TO REMEMBER..while walking on the strip, pick up a magazine that says 101 things to do in Oahu..there are coupons, and everything you can imagine to do for the whole family..BTW, the TOP of Waikiki coupon is in there..15% of the dinner entree..One complaint about the hotel in K tower is the elevators..they are slow..one day it took me 10 min to get an elevator...either the elevator had too many people or it was just slow...OH!! saw a famous person..Phillip Bailey from Earth and Wind Fire!! Still looking good!! I may be 31..but Mr. Bailey has it going on..If you looking to club...party..hip-hop music..Rumors on Friday at the ala Mona hotel...On thurs..Ocean Club..500 ala Mona blvd....  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SingleTraveler98
<Content>Best Vacation in Years I spent a wonderful week at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa in April 2005. I stayed on the 20th floor of the Paoakalani tower, the newer of the resort's two towers, in an ocean view room. The view was great, although next time I will stay in a deluxe ocean view room in the Kealohilani tower, which is just across the street from Waikiki beach. It's apparent that the hotel's owners have spent a considerable sum remodeling this resort, and the rooms are quite impressive. The room I stayed in was large and included a king size bed with a half dozen comfortable pillows. The bathroom had a marble floor and a complete tub with shower. I was pleased to find a refrigerator, rather than a mini-bar, as well as a safe in the room. The people who work here are wonderful. Every employee I met was friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful. I appreciated complimentary copies of the Wall Street Journal and the Honolulu Star Bulletin each morning. The resort includes a steak house, two hotel-operated restaurants, a sushi place, as well as an Italian restaurant. The food was delicious, the service commendable, and the prices lower than I would have expected at any hotel, let alone a hotel as nice as this one. The hotel includes a Paul Brown spa, Spa Olakino, where I experienced their signature massage, which was very relaxing. In addition, the hotel is home to a number of shops, two ABC stores, and two Seattle's Best Coffee locations. There are two swimming pools and an additional large area devoted to tanning. The hotel is located at the less crowded east end of Waikiki beach and is one block from Kapiolani park and the zoo, which is worth visiting. I've stayed at other hotels in Honolulu, all of which were satisfactory, but the Marriott was outstanding. I will be making a return trip.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location... I stayed here for 6 nights. I was upgraded from a city view to a partial ocean view without asking. The room sizes are standard for the Marriott label and I have stayed at numerous Marriott locations throughout the U.S and Europe. The location is unbeatable. It is within a few minutes walking distance to all the major attractions, restaurants, markets, etc of Waikiki Beach. Although the hotel is not on the beach rather across the street, that doesn't really matter because you'll walk to find a nice empty space to set your goods down anyway. Service was friendly and efficient. The pools are not resort style pools even though this is a resort  spa They are standard boring pool areas. The Japanese restaurant Sansei, located on the 3rd floor is excellent. Don't bother with Kuhio Grill-they charge exorburant prices--you're better off walking down the street and eating somewhere else and getting more bang for your buck. I would recommend renting a car for at least a couple of days so you can explore the island. My hubby  I got tired of the hustle and bustle of the Waikiki area and found exploring the north  eastern shores to be rather calming. Plus the beaches are far less crowded and absolutely breathtaking. Waimanalo Beach Park and Sandy Beach were not busy at all and far cleaner than Waikiki. Of course you should not miss snorkeling at Haunauma Bay and make a trip to the USS ARizona...its free so don't let those pesky tour operators try to make $$ off of you. Get there early (b4 8am) so you would have to wait long. If you can splurge on dinner, you MUST make reservations at Alan Wong's restaurant. You'll need a car to get there, but 3 people we encountered who live on the island recommended it and said it is the best on the entire island. I must agree.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>savytraveler
<Content>Very clean, convenient location Everything was awesome. If you stay here, make sure you get a room facing Diamond Head or the ocean, and high enough to overlook neighboring hotels/buildings. (Be aware that a partial ocean view means a sliver of ocean out of the corner of your eye) We had a room overlooking Diamond Head and it was high enough so we weren't staring at a building (30th floor I think). Really no complaints other than the pool was very nice, but small and no hot tub. We enjoyed the 'hustle and bustle' of Waikiki' since this was our first trip to Hawaii. It was great to be so close to the shops and resteraunts, but next time, JW Marriott at Ko Olina will be more our pace. The JW Marriott at Ko Olina has a gorgeous private beach and I hear their are Sea Turtles! If you're young and never been to Oahu/Hawaii, or don't care to drive all over the island, you'll love the Marriott Waikiki. There's a lot to do and they just poured a lot of money into this end of Waikiki, beautifying the parks with beautiful trees, flowers and statues everywhere, great for taking pictures. This end of Waikiki was less congested than other parts and seemed more green than concrete. Really a nice part of Waikiki.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DarrelRiley
<Content>awww .... The Life of Riley... Well, lets start off with, I'm a little picky but cheep at the same time .. I WANT VALUE..I asked for a standard room witch is supposed to cost around $230.00.. you can find on Travelocity for around $185.00.. I have a friend that works for Marriott so I got it for $161.00 per night..Upon check in (04/08/05) I was giving a free upgrade without even asking, from a city view to partial ocean view in the rear tower on the 31st floor.The View was excellent, I could see a panoramic of Diamond Head and excellent partial view of the ocean.A very comfortable size room not like most in Waikiki where there is only enough room to walk around the bed.. The bed was better then my expensive pillow top posturepedic at home!!..I spent so much time trying to decide which hotel to stay at, I knew I would be happy at the Marriott but was worried about it being too far down on the strip and not directly on the beach. In the end I was very happy with the location.I enjoy staying in different places but next time I go to Waikiki, I will be staying at the Marriott again.. The only negative thing I could say is that I saw rooms in the rear tower that faced the parking garage, I was very happy I didn't get one of those rooms... Good luck... DJR  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dmacklin
<Content>NFL Pro Bowl Week At Waikiki Beach Marriott Resort       Waikiki Beach Sunset - Right Across The Street  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfotable stay. Good service and location. We just returned from a week long trip in February. The hotel is on the far end of strip but is right across the street from the beach. If you want a hotel right on the beach then try the Sheraton Moana Surfrider or the Outrigger Reef Hotel. The Marriott was clean and the bed was the best i have ever had at a hotel. We got a cabana by the pool for $15 a day which was worth it if you do not want a scorching sunburn. They also bring you complimentary bottled water and some snacks. The K tower is closer to the beach and has the better pool and the better view. We called ahead from the airport to get a room upgrade and they were nice enough to give us the free upgrade. I think we got our room for 130 a night on priceline. Nearby restaraunts were a better value than the hotel, especially for breakfast. Lulu's and Cheseburger in Paradise are a block away and breakfast for 2 was around $25 versus $45 at the hotel buffet. The sushi restraunt on the 3rd floor was pretty good. Sushi dinner for 2 was bout $70. Overall be prepared for pricey meals especially if you like to dine. We bought the Hawaii Enertainment book a month in advance and it saved us about 100 buck over the week. Whatever you do, do not go to the Don Ho show. He is old and came out very intoxicated. We had to walk out. It was sad really, and not worth 35 a person. You don't need a car per se on the strip as there is no place to park and the hotel charges 14 a day for parking. We rented a car for the week but did not even use it for two whole days. There is a Hertz rental in the hotel. You are probably better off just getting a car for the days you want to get away. There are free public tennis courts a few blocks away but they fill up quick. There is a 45 min limit if people are waiting. Diamond Head is close to the Hotel but you better drive there. Start hikking very early, like 7AM, as there is no shade after 8 o'clock. It is about 45 minutes up the hill if you are in good shape. I saw a couple people look like they were going to have coronaries and probably should sit at home. All in all, I reccommend the hotel highly. The staff was friendly and accomadating and the beds were to die for. I have certainly seen nicer pools and more modern facilities and spas, but have no real complaints about our trip. If I went again I would stay there or more likely at the Moana Surfrider for a little extra money.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>polodad
<Content>The Marriott is Convenient and Comfortable. Have stayed at the Waikiki Marriott 2 separate times in the last 2 weeksfor business, Feb. 2005. It is extremely convenient, comfortable and the staff is great. Got a great corporate rate and all of the staff treated me royally. Didn't ask for it this week, but received a complimentary upgrade to an executive room on the 19th floor of the P tower. 2 balconies and views to die for. The bathrooms are really nice and possibly the best hotel shower I've ever used.The Kuhio Grill in the hotel is okay for breakfast (a little pricey), but the prime rib buffet for $21.95 is excellent and a super deal. For dinner I strongly recommend Duke's Outrigger Canoe Club for good food, pretty views and real Hawaii atmosphere. For breakfast try the Hula Grill above Duke's. I thought the prices were reasonable and the pancakes are killer, (do yourself a favor  order the short stack).A tip for guys, best selection and prices I found for aloha shirts was Sears at Ala Moana Center. Believe it or not they carry designer brands at discount prices.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>classy hotel We stayed at the waikiki beach marriot resort spa because of the location. Being near the beach with 2 small children was a bonus! We loved the beds, and the comforters and pillows were great! We had a view of diamond head, and a step onto balcony revealed great view of ocean!Although the fridge was small we were able to stock with milk and fruit, a must for kids who are hungry first thing in the a.m.The time share people were good, we actually enjoyed the tour that we took, and they were very accomodating for our kids, and put them up in a great play room while we did the 90 minute lecture.The hotel pool near bar was not entirely kid friendly because it gets deep really fast, but we were prepared and had kids in lifejackets the entire time. The hotel could be abit more family oriented, there are plenty of areas they could have a small jungle gym or something more for younger ones. otherwise great!! Staff all wonderful!!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nysmiles2004
<Content>ABSOLUTE PERFECTION!! The Waikiki Beach Marriott Resort and Spa was heavenly!! This was my first trip to Hawaii.....and hopefully not my last. I spent Christmas Eve and Christmas Day at the resort before embarking on a cruise w/ my mother. It has been a dream of hers to see Hawaii forever and a day....she has ALWAYS talked about the beautiful Hawaiian Islands! The Waikiki Resort was the perfect welcome mat to the Island. The resort was spotless.....the staff was professional, warm, and friendly....The NCL staff was professional as well...we boarded our cruise problem-free!....ohhhh myyyy.....how could I forget?!.....THE BEDS...THE BEDS WERE PURE HEAVEN....I felt like I was sleeping on clouds....NO EXAGGERATION! My mom and I look forward to visiting the Hawaiian Islands sometime in the near future and we will definitely include the Waikiki Beach Marriott Resort and Spa in our vacation package! Aloha and Mahano to all that helped make our Christmas holidays a wonderful memory to share w/ family and friends at home in NY!!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCpost
<Content>Clean and Comfortable We spent the first 3 nights of our January 2005 vacation here. This hotel is located across the street from the beach, on the quieter section of Waikiki near the park. It's not at flagship level but still meets one's expectations from Marriott. We were in the newer and taller P tower which is more inland of the two towers and sits on top of the attractive tropical main lobby and reservation desk. The six P Tower elevators were fairly quick. Other reviewers have complained about the poor views from the P tower, but our ocean view room (26th floor out of 33) truly had a panoramic view of the ocean down to the Ewa (west) end of the island. We also had a nice nighttime view of the Waikiki skyline. We were above all of the other buildings in the immediate area, but I could imagine that if you were below perhaps the 18th or 20th floor that your view would be obstructed. The oval balcony had room to move even with two chairs and a small table. The room was standard issue Marriott and was neat and clean, which is more than what I've heard about other hotels. The bathroom was nicely finished with an outside marble vanity area and a clean tiled inner room with a 5 ft bathtub - and I've heard that a lot of other hotels in Waikiki don't have tubs. The king-sized bed was soft and very comfortable with plenty of pillows. Strangely, there was not a lot of drawer space for keeping clothing, but there was a large closet. We didn't have any unusual service needs except for cashing travelers checks, but the staff was friendly. The free breakfast started at 5 am, which was great for jet-laggers like us. The food was fine but not compelling enough to eat at the hotel restaurant outside of breakfast. As with many Waikiki hotels, the ground floor is an open-air shopping mall for buying gifts and beachwear. There is a Seattle's Best coffee shop on the ground floor and a Starbucks one block over, just before the park. We appreciated the fact that the area was active but not a maddening crush of people like the area around the Moana and the Outrigger. Please note that on Friday/Saturday night everyone seems to converge on Waikiki at once. You should make restaurant reservations well in advance and still be prepared to wait. While the Waikiki Marriott is not high luxury, we were both happy with the experience and would book there again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alohaR
<Content>Best Kept Secret at Waikiki is the Marriott Love it ! Obtained our reservation on Marriott's web site, had the best rate and I did not have to worry about some stories read about those who book on Orbitz and alike. Beautiful Rooms, received a free upgrade from city view to partial ocean view without asking at check in. View was great.. ok I had to look over the AC on the roof of the restaurant but no big deal saw the ocean in all its glory and saw down the beach to the Royal Hawaiian. We were in the K bldg which is the best location. The distance to beach and shops and restaurants were close. Rented beach chairs for $10.00 next to the K Boys near Honolulu PD across from Hyatt. It became our spot. Not crowded, Loved watching the surfing lessons. ABC in hotel is oh so convenient.. bought bottle water by the 6 pak every day.. besure to save your receipts for the free mug. The beds at Marriott are heaven... feather beds with feather pillows and comforters.. slept with the balcony door open, perfect! We were on the 5th floor. The lanai's are huge compared to other hotels in the area. The staff at Marriott very friendly and helpful. The concierge's are knowledgeable. Hotel and rooms are clean. Fridge in the room. The pool is lovely in K bldg. and quiet with drink and food service.. We saved money by having papaya from ABC already cut up and ready to go for breakfast.. Seattle Best Coffee is in the bldg and their is kona coffee (free) in the room, want a second pot ? just leave a note for the maid and she will leave what ever you need. Sometimes I would get an scrambled egg at McDonalds, on the way to the beach and have my coffee, papaya and egg on my lounge chair at the ocean.. the life... take bottled water with you. Lunch time, hungry ? across the street behind the Hyatt is Burger King in Kings Village... great salad with several fresh veggies and grilled chicken to go for $4.99 and back to the beach with that ! in the mood for a sandwhich, why not split a huge egg salad sandwhich and a bag of Maui Chips ? under $5.00. Splirge on Dinner: Go to Keo's, Longhi's, Aaron's on top of the Alamoana, Duke's on the beach and the Tiki Bar. Have a maitai at sunset at Halekulani ( short walk beach side or take a cab for $8.00 ) and if you are at the Alamoana Mall Shopping in the evening, go to the food court and to Lahaina Chicken and Co. and have the Rib eye Roast or Chicken Dinner and pick your sides....best meal and only like 7 or 8 dollars! Buy your souveniers at the SWAP MEET at 1/3 the price same stuff they sell on the strip.Must: do the luau at Paradise Cove.Can't wait to go back next year....Aloha  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worth every dollar... first of all if you can afford it - ask for the K tower - which is the shorter of the two towers, but closer to the beach. and please do get a deluxe ocean view room - it is well worth the bloody money. we had a room on the 21st floor and the view of the ocean was breathtaking. dont ask for the side facing diamond head. instead opt for the sunset view - facing west. reasonable pools and service. we spent most of the time outside the hotel. but the view from the room does look impressive while relaxing in the evening with a cold beer in hand. everything you can possibly need is available at many abc stores throughout the beach strip - and there are two abc stores in the hotel itself.my wife and i were in hawaii in late october 2004 for our anniversary. here is what i'd advise you to do. trek to diamond head on the first day. on the second day - rent a ford mustang with retractable roof at hertz (in the hotel) and drive around the island - eat lunch at Jameson's by the sea. ask the concierge for a detailed map of the island and where to drive and what to do. check out all the beaches around the island - they are great for snorkeling and just having a good time away from the crowd at waikiki. third day - visit pearl harbor - just take the local bus early in the morning and return for free (with the same tickets) by 2pm. fourth day - check out shopping at the ala moana center and the beach nightlife. fifth day - do some serious snorkeling, surfing, or parasailing - ask the concierge for the best deals as soon as you check in - you might have to book these in advance. also ask the concierge for your style of dining - the choices are amazing - and the food and drink are superb all around the island. enjoy! mahalo.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice place! My husband and I spent 5 days here in late December 2004. Very nice hotel, large but well-designed enough to never feel crowded, flowers everywhere, elegantly decorated rooms, good lanai, very comfortable beds. We were originally booked at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel across the street from the Marriott, but it was a nightmare-- so luckily we were able to get a room at the Marriott, which was a million times nicer --we were so relieved and were able to enjoy the rest of our vacation in a great setting.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reid41999
<Content>Wonderful Hotel-Marriott, Waikiki We were in Hawaii for Christmas and stayed at the Marriott, Waikiki. Loved the Hotel, staff very helpful. Wasn't impressed with the beach in Waikiki, way too crowded, North shore beaches much better. Hiked to the top of Diamond Head, view definitely worth the trip. Take plenty of water, you'll need it. Overall, it was a very nice trip and I highly recommend staying at the Marriott.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel I really enjoyed the hotel. The place was clean and the staff was great. We had a problem with the first room because the lady next door complained that we were too loud in a matter of three hours. (we laugh out loud twice with in that time frame)The hotel desk called and told us of the complaint and we asked if we can be moved right away especially if someone is complaining within three hours of our trip and we only laughed. The lady who assisted us in the new room was very nice, they moved us the the other side of the building and the room was way larger than the first.When we first arrive, it was not time for check in, but the staff told us the check in our bags and give them a hour to clean a room for us. We came back in an hour and the room was ready. The room was clean. The bathroom was not as big as I would have wanted it to be, but okay. We had a partial veiw of the beach and another building which was okay with me. The location was great even though it was on the end. Everything was pretty close as long as you are not LAZY.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aloha Wakiki Beach My wife and I stayed at the Waikiki Beach Marriott in early November for 8 days. We enjoyed our stay very much as part of an international conference at the hotel. All of the comments posted here are typical. Our Deluxe Ocean View room was as advertised, clean and comfortable. Elevators are slow in the morning when all the tourist groups are gathering for their activities. Room service was very nice and the staff pleasant and attentive. We left the sliding door open day and night.....perfect weather. A/C was never an option for us!We had a rental car and it was very convenient to visit the rest of the Oahu. Things to do: 1. Climb Diamond Head. 2. Visit Pearl Harbor, especially the Missouri and the Arizona. 3. Tour the Dole Plantation. and 4. Enjoy living in paradise.We highly recommend the Spa Olakino in the Marriott's Kealohilani Tower. The lomi lomi and body wrap were wonderful.Mahalo and Aloha  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it We had a long trip coming from australia. the delay at the Airport did not help, but as soon as we walked in our room and saw the size of the beds and pillows we knew we were in heaven. The beds are the best the pillows to die for. The view was amazing. we had a view from out room of the beach. Our room faced the ason hotel next door. the hotel is right on the beach. We wanted a nice pool and it is but spent more time at the beach. The only bad thing I can say is that you can hear the person in the room above us flushing his toilet. The rubbish trucks seem to come at about 2am in the morning a couple of times. but hey no rush to get up anyway.Great Hotel if I came back to Hawaii I will be back there. I am going to organise my next trip to go to the Marriott in Surface Australia next. The aston next door looks good too but the rooms are half the size of the marriot.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Marriott In November, my husband and I and five other couples spent 4 nights at the Waikiki Beach Marriott in November, and we really had a great time at the hotel. Upon arrival we and three others received a room upgrade at no charge and no asking, some of us even received double upgrades. The room was great and the view for us was ok. Yes we could see Diamond Head from one lanai, and the ocean from the other lanai, but it was not a direct ocean view, which I would have preferred better. The beds were super!!!!! Practically everyone that traveled with us, went back home to redo their bedrooms, trying to duplicate the Marriott Beds. The bathroom in our room (Deluxe Corner Ocean View) was really large we had a 2nd closet, and the tub and toilet were in a closed room seperate from the vanity/dressing area. The buffett in the hotel provided a very nice variety, and it probably was about the best place we ate the whole trip. We found bad experiences with the food in Waikiki. Especially at the Top of Waikiki Restaurant. The food was cold, and the service horrible, half our table received their food while the rest of us waited about 30 minutes for our chilled food to arrive, and the view although nice, was no different from the view we had in our room. Overall the hotel was nice and the pictures on the websiet were exactly like the property. I actually read all of the posted reviews and the ones that gave positive reviews were pretty accurate.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bandit_Queen
<Content>Had a wonderful stay! My husband and I stayed 3 nights at this hotel over the Thanksgiving weekend. It was our first trip to Hawaii, and we really liked the Hotel. We got an Partial Ocean View room with a view of Diamond Head. The view was wonderful - we could see the mountain and the sea from the room and the balcony.Good stuff: view, cleanliness (no dirt, no bugs, no mold!), very friendly service, good location (right on Waikiki beach but a less crowded part), swimming pool (heated).We would definitely come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel...teensy bit out of the way My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights this December. It was a lovely hotel, the lobby and facilities were all pleasant and inviting. The room was exactly as it was pictured on the web site. There were no surprises. We received excellent service, all the staff were helpful and friendly. Upon check-in, we were upgraded from a city-view room to an ocean-view room for free, without our asking. The first room we got was in the P tower and faced another hotel building, with a partial ocean view. It was close enough that we could see two guys playing cards in their speedos on their lanai. We requested a room change and they gave us another ocean-view room on the other side of the P tower that had a gorgeous view of the ocean with less buildings in the foreground. The gym was small, and the weight machines limited. The pools were lovely but not ones you could do any laps in by any means. If you stay there, request to be in the K tower because it's closer to the ocean and your view isn't as obstructed by nearby buildings. The beds were as comfy as described. The breakfast buffet was included in our package and was well worth it. There was tons of variety, waffles, eggs, fruit, salmon, an omelette bar and even Japanese options. My only complaint about this hotel is that I did find it a slight bit far from the main center of things, that is where the Moana and the Royal Hawaiian were. It's nice to have a quieter beach but it's about a 10 minute walk at least if you want more food options. The elevators are as slow as mentioned, but it's a small thing to put up with for the price and value of this hotel. I also noticed many guests pulling their luggage up to their rooms themselves. It seems like bell service is lacking here.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BuggyChooChoo
<Content>Large Hotel Was a nice hotel, very clean, very large though, stayed the week of Thanksgiving. Room was good sized, had a some what of an ocean view, back tower....no ice machine on each floor, was on the 20th had to go to 5th to get ice..duh.Beds were good, bath ok, no need to stay with a view, it's like everyone else says, your only sleeping there. Kuhio grill bland and expensive. Cheeseburger in Paridise was awful..just a greasy over priced cheesburger. Navatek dinner cruise not very good either, cold food and not much of it for the money(Lobster dinner). Good place to eat is Cheesecake Factory.The swim with the dolphins was not worth the money($143.00 admission plus $25.00 for 3 pictures), all you got to do was pet them. Had many good bargins at the Market Place, they will deal, Aloha stadium very large and would not deal. I believe the next visit I would get a room with a kitchenette, food in Waikiki is not all that great and is very pricey. Booked with Hawaii Vistor Center, they really got me a great package, no hidden fees and placed me in nice hotels and alot cheaper than those bargin places found on internet.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cujo31
<Content>Great location, decent hotel I just returned from 5 nights at the Marriott. I stayed on a special rate for Marriott Reward members but was not offered an upgrade on the room. nor did I request one. That said, although I had no view of water, the room was decent with a single queen size bed. (I didn't find the bed to be as comfortable as others have indicated but may have been spoiled the week before by a 'wonderful bed' at a competitor.) The pool areas, although small, never seemed overly crowded and offered a reprieve from the busy times on the beach. As indicated, you can practically fall out of bed directly on the beach which is great. One of the nicest surprises was all the activities offered by the the city - at no charge. Every night about two blocks from the Marriott there is a hula show. There are fun free events at the hotel as well. You can save money for the nice drinks by the pool!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lawman
<Content>Hotel experience Just came in from Waikiki. It was a good experience. I stayed at the Marriot Resort and Spa. The rooms with the ocean view were nice. The staff was excellent. They treated you very nice at the pool. Carly and Ramiro were excellent. Everyone gave us tips on where to go and what to see. The only bad thing I did see was a lot of prostituion on the streets. However, this is common in big tourist areas in any city. We were also warned not to take a picture with people offering a photo with a bird on the shoulder, Hawkers, as they will try to rip you off. With all the tips and being aware, Hawaii was a great experience. Rent a car to travel around the island. Check out Northshore, Pearl Harbor, the Pali lookout, the eastside beaches, book a luau, and relax. Don't forget the shrimp trailer at Kahuku. My sister stayed at the Hilton and that was right on the sand. She had a great experience also.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Danuary
<Content>Average I was actually considering not writing a review because I don't really know what to say. The Marriott was just average -- nothing more, nothing less. The room was a little cramped. For a full oceanview, the ocean could really only be seen from the balcony. The staff we came into contact with was all very friendly and helpful. The Kuhio Grill isn't that great but they serve an OK if expensive breakfast. Sansei which everyone seems to love we thought was horrible. They (along with other restaurants in Hawaii) seem to have a fascination with putting mayonaise in California rolls and aioli on everything they can think of. It gets a little gross after a while. Not sure if this is a regional thing but I have certainly never encountered mayo in sushi before! The fast-food sushi place downstairs is fine for a quick bite, and it's cheap. This end of Waikiki is a little more laid back; the beach directly in front of the Marriott is lovely and quiet. So in short... Eh. Just average. Nothing special. I was staying on Marriott Rewards points, and I'm glad I didn't pay to stay here. Given the cost, I plan to go elsewhere when I return to Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's Just an Average Oahu Hotel... The reviews for this and other hotels in Oahu seem to be of the cheerleader or 鈥榡ustify the money you鈥檝e spent鈥?variety. Overall, the Marriott experience is not bad. Having been married to a Marriott employee, I鈥檝e stayed in probably over a hundred Marriott hotels. Contrary to most of the Pollyanna reviews on this hotel, this is not a gem of the Marriott chain. The rooms are smallish and modest for Marriott standards, but average for Waikiki standards. Remember, Marriott did not build this facility 鈥?they purchased it from another hotel chain.The good things: It鈥檚 at the less congested and best part of Waikiki beach. I like that side of Waikiki better than the more crowded side. The beds are very nice. The lobby and d茅cor are nice.The OK things: This hotel is across the street from the beach, not really on the beach. The restaurants on premise are very average if like me, you like to dine at places like Alan Wong鈥檚 in Honolulu. The Kuhio Grill -- don鈥檛 go there. Sansei Seafood  Steak House is OK. Restaurant Run Sushi Bar is very mediocre sushi 鈥?don鈥檛 go there if you like good sushi. The Italian restaurant is respectable. Basically, if you want great food, you need to drive. Overall, I would not object to staying there again. But I would first see if there is something possibly nicer in the same price range. I鈥檓 told that the Marriot Ihilani Resort is awesome 鈥?but it鈥檚 not in Waikiki if that is where you want to be.Good place, not great.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, phantastic beds, great room I stayed in this hotel from Oct. 17 until Oct. 24 and really enjoyed it; excellent location, large room comfortable bed ... will always come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at the Marriott! My husband and I recently stayed at the Marriott for two days before embarking on a Hawaiian cruise. The front desk staff were fantastic and upgraded us to a corner ocean view room with two lanais upon our arrival. The rooms were well equipped and have the most comfortable beds around!!! The hotel is also well situated adjacent to Kuhio beach where the city of Honolulu sponsors a free nightly hula show. The hotel is convenient to everything in Waikiki including the beach, good restaurants, ABC store, and is only a short walk from the International Marketplace. This hotel, while not directly situated on the beach, is an excellent value and we would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamieandjim
<Content>Loved the hotel My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon from 10/17 thru 10/24. The hotel was fabulous. Everyone was very friendly and more than helpful. The rooms were spacious and clean and the beds were very comfortable. It was at a nice location (many things within walking distance and quiet at night). The parking was a little expensive ($14 A DAY) and one night the parking garage was full but they let us use valet parking at no charge. I would definately recommend staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aussies1
<Content>Nice hotel with very comfortable beds Our family of five had a one week vacation at this hotel in September. The hotel was relatively quiet, only one-third occupied. We didn't ask for an upgrade, being Australian, but after reading other reviews, perhaps we should have. I did request to be in the building closer to the beach which we found very convenient given we had a fair bit to lug to the beach each day. One of the reasons we chose the Marriott was for the pools but found we really didn't use them as the beach was so much better. Who wants to use a pool on a building anyway? The beds really were as comfortable as everyone is saying. My only complaint was the size of the bathrooms. We have stayed in a lot of hotels over the years but these bathrooms (we had two adjoining rooms) were miniscule. The POV was quite good but probably better on the Waikiki side and the breakfast package saved us heaps. The kids loved the waffles. The Marriott was certainly at the quieter end of Waikiki and we found the beach outside the Sheraton Moana to be our favourite spot which was probably a 10 minute walk from the Marriott. We spent the days swimming and touring around the Island and loved browsing the shops in the evenings. Great holiday, one week was plenty as we then had a fabulous week in Maui and I would recommend the Marriott although I would probably stay elsewhere if there is ever a next time as we love to try new places.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best beds!!! Very nice hotel, good location, Softest beds we have ever encountered. Attentive staff.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel-Except for the Lifts Stayed at the Marriot from the 9/28-10/1. Had a partial ocean view room which was great. The beds are fantastic, the kids didn't want to get out of bed because they were so comfortable!! Great Location across from the beach but the kids loved the 2 pools better. Staff in all areas of the hotel were excellent. Couldn't ask for better service. BUT the Lifts were a disaster. Took us just over 10 minutes to get down for breakfast twice. Rang up the lobby and told them that we have been waiting for quite a while, we had to go down via the service lift. 5 Elevators but only a couple seemed to be in operation. But apart from that, a great choice to stay in a Wonderful Place. Mahalo  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in Waikiki We stayed here for 3 nights 2 weeks ago.Booked a panoramic ocean view room and it was fantastic. The room was huge, 2 spacious lanai's. Very clean. Lovely bathroom, sofa, 2 queen beds, it was just perfect!Cannot fault anything about this lovely hotel!Don't bother with the Hilton, Outrigger or Sheraton, stay here, its the best!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great location, superb value My wife and I have just returned from a one week stay at the Waikiki Beach Marriott Hotel and Spa, and we have nothing but praise for this property. The location cannot be beat--directly across the street from the beach, on the quiet end of Waikiki, with unobstructed ocean front views of the Pacific (Kealohilani Tower). We opted for the Paradise Package, a great value, which includes room and daily breakfast buffet--ONO! Upon checkin, we were upgraded from a standard ocean view room to a corner deluxe ocean view, with not one, but two lanai! Our friends stayed in the Paoakalani Tower, with an equally appealing view, facing the Kapiolani Park and Diamond Head, with a beautiful slice of the ocean. This is a large resort, but it isn't overwhelming in stature, no does it seem overly crowded. Staff members here express a genuine concern and sincerity about making you feel comfortable and welcome. Everything you need to make your stay enjoyable and memorable is located on site, but should you wish to venture out, you're a short stroll from the Waikiki's vibrant stream of activity along Kalakaua Avenue. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone considering a visit to Honolulu. It offers a great Waikiki location, at an unbeatable price.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel We stayed at the Marriott in August 2004. It was part of a package deal that included air, car rental and hotel. This was a great hotel to stay at. The service is what I expect from a typical Marriott hotel. We were upgraded to a partial ocean view room at no charge by the friendly staff at the front desk. They also honored our request for a non-smoking room. The room was extremely clean and the beds were extremely comfortable for hotel beds (one of the most comfortable I have stayed in). The hotel is just across the street from the beach, which is convenient. I also liked how it is located near the end of Waikiki, where there are less crowds. But if you want to go to the more crowded section of Waikiki you can easily walk there. Some of the things I didn't quite like: the bathroom was fairly small and they charge $14 per day for parking which is a little steep. But overall, this hotel was a great value for what we paid. I would stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CaliGirl22
<Content>Loved the Marriott My boyfriend and I stayed at the Marriott for three nights in Sept 04. It was fabulous. The beds were so comfortable, we are going to call them and see what linens and down comforters they use. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Parking is a bit much but there is really no where else to park in Waikiki that is cheaper. The hotel is in a great location, we walked up and down the strip every day.The breakfast at their restaurant is a little pricey but very good. The Tiki Bar  Grill across the street is awesome. One of our best meals on Oahu  Maui. Duke's was also great and so was Cheeseburgers in Paradise (although service was a little on the slooow side).After reading reviews on here I was hoping we would get upgraded to a full ocean view (we had a partial ocean view in the back tower), however she told me it would be an extra $30 per night. Needless to say the view was still great and we would definately stay there again. You can't go wrong with a Marriott Hotel! I definately reccomend it to anyone who is looking for a nice hotel in Waikiki.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Stay The Marriott was totally acceptable but not great. We stayed there the first three nights of our honeymoon and although we were upgraded to one of their more expensive rooms ($470 a night), we found the room to be a little disappointing. The decor was very very green- my husband called it the chlorophyl room - definitely needed some updating. It was also pretty small - although very clean and the view of the ocean was nice. I would have been really mad if I had actually paid $470 a night for it though.I thought the pool was quite nice and found the service overall to be excellent. The beach across the street was also very nice and there was a very decent Italian restaurant downstairs - Orancino's (or something like that). We actually ate there twice, we liked it so much - once for lunch and once for dinner.Overall, a good hotel - just not the honeymoon feel we were looking for - glad we were only there for 3 nights.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value My family (wife-44, son-22, and daughters - 19/17) and I just returned from a 5 night stay and we really loved the hotel. Rather than repeat other reviews that you can read, I'll just give you a few tips. First, ask for the front tower and don't be bashful about asking the great staff for a free upgrade if available. We were upgraded to the 21st floor with beatiful ocean and Diamond Head views, plus they put a cot in my kid's room for free. Second, make sure you plan to spend Thursday late afternoon/early evening at the pool. While they have excellent free entertainment every night poolside, don't miss Aunty Genoa, who is a living legend. She is in her 80's but can still hit all the notes and hold them with great power...amazing...my 17 year old was literally brought to tears by the beauty of the music. Third, while I can understand why you would not want to pay the $14 per day parking, my advice for families is to get a mini-van (National gave me one for $200 for the week) so you have the freedom to come and go as you please. The concierge desks are usually open and you can get directions and maps from them...seeing the natural beauty of the island is best done by taking a cruise and pulling over at the lookouts. Finally, here are some recommendations for food and shopping - Irifune is a local Japanese retaurant not far away which is excellent and affordable; Tiki across the street at the Aston is great for late night plates ($10 each) that are fresh and tasty and they have late night live music too; Cheeseburger in Paradise around the corner is great for lunch...for shopping, go to the swap meet at Aloha Stadium on W/SA/SU morning for your souvenir tee shirts and knick-knaks, and ask for directions to Diaei (10 minute drive), which is a superb market that carries everything from the best prices on 100% Kona coffee to fresh local fish to beautiful flowers (bird of paradise just $0.25 each). You'll have a great time at the Marriott...we did.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott nice, Wakkiki average, Volcano and Pearl Harbour Great! After reading everyones reviews before we went we can totally agree with the beds in this hotel they are amazing!!! We stay in Marriotts all the time and know them well - this marriott was clean, staff friendly cant fault that at all.We would say however if you were looking to go for a romantic break, honeymoon or family holiday - Wakkiiki is not the place to go. Wakkiki was a bizarre place in the fact that we thought we were out of season but the beaches were jam packed and because they are small - everyone seemed to be on top of each other. The other thing was there didnt seem to be any front side separate restaurants that weren't linked to the big hotels - they seem to have the market here. Apart from that lots of Sushi bars and fast food places.Wakkiki area seemed to have a lot of homeless people walking round, prostitutes on the beach front approaching men and this particular time there were hundreds of Japanese tourists.I would recommend hiring a car we did and toured the rest of the island and found some unspoilt beaches. Other definate recommendation would be to take the hike up Diamond Head Mountain its hard work in the heat, take plenty of water as a couple of people had to be heli rescued due to heat exhaustion. And finally visit Pearl Harbour - unforgettable place.We enjoyed it but some bits were abit strange to say the least!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't worry, you'll love it! My family and I stayed at the Marriott Resort and Spa August 2-6, 2004. We had a wonderful stay. The staff is very pleasant and the rooms are great. I booked my package through expedia.com and I had to make a choice between several hotels. I decided on the Marriott after reading the good reviews here. I am so glad that I did! If you are trying to make the same decision, book the Marriott. You won't be disappointed. It felt as though the hotel was on its own private stretch. Very close to the beach, but away from the hustle. We booked two rooms beacuse my parents, who are over 50, came with us. Both rooms were given upgrades as a result of the Marriott's Senior Special. (Check it out)  
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kevinmichael
<Content>fantastic hotel! Great hotel in a great location. Perfect for families with young kids, as the enclosed Kuhio beach is directly across the street. Extremely friendly and accomodating staff. Two convenience stores within the hotel which for families is fantastic! Also has various other shops, Coffee place, Hertz rent-a car, two pools and numerous other facilities within the hotel. so convenient. Everything is within walking distance, yet far enough away that it's not too chaotic and crowded. The beds are to die for. We also liked the daily 'free' kids activities within the hotel. We will definitely stay here again and would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise I鈥檝e just returned from staying at the fabulous Waikiki Beach Marriott Resort  Spa! The hotel and the surroundings are lovely, cascading waterfalls in the lobby. You are less than five minutes away from Waikiki Beach but how cares, don鈥檛 let this put you off!! The hotel rooms are fine and the bed was the softest that I had ever slept in! The concierge can arrange all your trips, restaurants are on site what more could you ask for?! I would recommend you stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Stay For Us! Just got back from a week at the Marriott Waikiki. We had a Deluxe Ocean View Room that was terrific. Check in was smooth and the daily housekeeping was top notch. The parking lot was pretty hairy because it was small and narrow. It also cost $14.00 a day to park there. We had some family functions to attend so we had to rent a car but, unless you are there for business or personal business, save some money by not renting a car. There are shuttles available for just about any activity or shopping venue on the island including the swap meet at the stadium. If you are looking to for the best prices on hawaii clothing, the swap meet is the way to go. We attended the Germaine's Luau which was so-so, way too commercialized and the food was just ok. They did take good care of my brother-in law who is wheelchair bound.If you are looking to park at LAX, avoid Johnny Park, took way to long to pick us up even though we arrived at 5:30 a.m. on a Saturday. Going to try Wally Park next time.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steviek49
<Content>Waikiki Marriott- A Nice high rise across from the beach Just returned from a 16 night, 4 island vacation which began with a 4 night stay at The Waikiki Beach Marriott. This hotel was actually our 3rd choice on Oahu (Sheraton Moana and Sheraton Waikiki were 1st and 2nd) but because of possible reservation rate problems with those two hotels and being 6000 miles away from home I decided to stay with Marriott.We are a family of 4 with 2 daughters ages 14 and 12. We arrived at the Marriott after more than 12 hours of flights and check in went quite smoothly. Although they were totally sold out and unable to upgrade my partial Ocean View room - we were quite happy with the room we had. We were in the K tower (the closest to the beach). They put us in a 16th floor Partial OV which had a nicer view than the other 3 hotels we booked on Kauai, Big Island and Maui even though those hotels said their rooms were Ocean View. Out Lanai faced the Aston Waikik Beach hotel across the street but just tilt your chair to the right and you have a very big view of the Pacific Ocean via Kuhio Beach. The room was roomy, modern and comfortable. The hotel itself was a typical city high rise hotel but clean, updated and nice. The location was great because it was toward the end of Waikiki ( alittle quieter-yet just a few blocks from the heart) and although it was directly across the street from the beach, there were no hotels in front of you. The K tower pool on the 3rd floor was larger and nicer than the P tower pool. The price was a bonanza at $112 per night.The only negaitives I can give are the elevators (all 5 of them) are very crowded and slow. Yes the hotel was sold out- but still we had to let many go by because they were packed. The hotel restaurant's breakfast buffet was overpriced and I must admit that the Sheraton Moana down the street was beautiful, on the beach, and had alot of Hawaiin atmosphere which was somewhat lacking at the Marriott.Would I stay here again? Perhaps, but would like to try one on the beach like the Sheratons or the Outriggers.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for the Money This was the first hotel of our nine (9) day stay. We only stayed one night at the Marriott Waikiki , but enjoyed every minute of it. We were upgraded to a high-floor ocean front view. Staff was great and breakfast was enjoyable. Access to the beach was fantastic. My only negative comment would be the pool area was a bit small. During peek pool time lounge chairs were a bit hard to come by. Overall good value for the money....and we did not find teh bottled water to expensive.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Delphini
<Content>Good, not Great Hotel This is a good, not great hotel, but I feel it's marketing is a bit missleading. First, you should know this location is NOT on the beach, but across the street from it, and odds are your room is not going to have a view of Diamond Head. It's a property that Marriot purchased and refurbished a few years ago. I think the Hotel's original design in the 70's leaves a bit to be desired, so Marriott can only fix up so much. It's located at the northern most end of waikiki so it's a 5 to 10 minute walk to the heart of the beach. If you really want/need to be right on the water check out the Sheraton Moana Surfrider, the Outrigger next door (Dukes), The Royal Hawaiian (older crowd) next to that. Dukes seems to be the epicenter of Waikiki.The Marriott Waikiki's rooms are standard size (remember built ing the 70's), very comfortable, but nothing to write home about. But here's a great tip that Marriot can pay me for later. We missed our flight out and stayed an extra day at the JW Marriott Ihalini on the west side of the island. From the airport the drive time to it is about the same as to the Marriott Waikiki. The rooms are amazing!!!! A standard room here was only 30$ more than the standard room at the Marriott Waikiki. I'm 6'4 and the walk from the front door to the end of our lania or our Jr. Suite was 28 paces, they're HUGE. Walk in his and hers closets, 2 tv's, large living area, private lania with chase lounge table and chairs, seperate sinks, shower and tub, 4 large semi private lagoons, pool, marble everything. If your familiar with Las Vegas, these rooms are larger and nicer than the Mandalay, and paired with the view (2/3 face the ocean), truely spectacular. Oh and did I mention that down stairs the fish ponds have manta rays and hammer-head sharks? Hey, I don鈥檛 even golf, but if I did they'd probably never get me to leave. It's not down in the action of Waikiki, it's fairly quiet here, but we just loved it. And you can always head down to waikiki for a day and surf Canoes ant get cocktails at Dukes or the Moana if you want.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great pool and entertainment! I have stayed at this hotel three times over the last year and have visited the property for entertainment on numerous occasions. The hotel is really nice and is still expanding with new shops and restuarants. They have two pools each next to the the two towers. The pool closest to the beach is really nice and close to the bar and nightly entertainment. They always have a drink special and the snack bar food is pretty good. The mai tai is one of the best that I have had. Sheraton Moana Surfrider has the best though! The rooms are nice and spacious. The best part about the hotel has got to be the top notch entertainment on Thursday and Sunday. Classic Hawaiian music with a local group of people that treat everyone like family (ohana).  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>W.O.F.
<Content>best beds in Hawaii The very best bed I have ever slept in! The staff was great, as well as the pool, the gym and the ocean view from our room. We will return again!Thanks to Buster (bellman) and Carina (check-in) for excellent advice, like Rainbow Drive-In for local food!!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! We LOVED this hotel. I don鈥檛 have one complaint about the Marriott! The rooms are so nice and really big as far as hotel rooms go. But the best part is the beds! Oh, the whole family wanted to take our beds home with us, and the pillows too. They have nice feather pillows and feather beds! The rooms are very clean. Bathrooms were spotless! The lady that checked us in was so nice. We were still waiting for our luggage to arrive and were concerned about it because we were going to be out of the room for a while and she told us not to worry about it. It is there job to worry and we are on vacation and don鈥檛 need to worry ourselves about anything. She expressed that we would be very happy with our rooms and we were. When our luggage did arrive we happened to be in our room and a really nice bellman brought them up to us. I left a note for maidservice to please leave us extra washcloths and towels and they did. Our room overlooked the pool and ocean. Absolutely beautiful! At night they did have live music down by the pool. We enjoyed it! We would sit out on our balcony before we went to bed and listen. Once the door was closed the music did not bother us at all. This was a great location at the end of the strip. The beach area in front of the hotel was great, especially for kids! We did not need a car. We could easily walk around Waikiki. There are some great places to eat in Waikiki. Tiki鈥檚 right next door in the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel was really good! It has the whole Hawaiian theme going on. We went there right after we arrived and it totally put us into the aloha mood! Kids meal come on a souvenir Frisbee and the drinks come in a plastic tiki cup that the kids can take home. Our server was really great as well as the hostess. The drinks were really good and you can get them in souvenir classes or coconuts too. Cheeseburger in paradise was much better than expected. The burger I had was Great! We went late in the evening and did not have to wait but I think if you go at lunch or dinner time you may have to wait. Dukes barefoot bar is another great place to go. It also gets very crowded. If you can鈥檛 get into Dukes dining room try the Barefoot bar outside. We did and really enjoyed it. If you go to Pearl Harbor go as early as possible, then you wont have to wait so long to actually go out on the monument. The flee market down the street is a great place to get bargain souvenirs. But it is what it is 鈥?a flee market, just like any swap meet you have ever been to but it has a lot of souvenirs. But, you can鈥檛 beat the ABC stores for souvenirs. The Marriott has 2 ABC stores in it. Be sure to check out the waterfall in the lobby. It is always shooting water out from different places and a big geyser every few minutes. I would highly recommend this hotel. We loved it. We are already talking about returning and staying at the Marriott.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean view? We stayed here June 14-15, this hotel has the softest beds of any hotel I have ever been in! I slept like a baby! Their breakfast buffet is very good with all the American and Japanese favorites. The room was ok, not what I would call ocean view but with some effort I could get a glimpse of the ocean. If Oahu is your cup of tea I think you would be happy with this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leolady
<Content>Great times... wonderful hotel stay! I stayed at the Waikiki Beach Marriott from May 26-29th - Labor Day Weekend - with my best friend who was scheduled to move to NYC, Monday June 14th. This was our last hoorah before she begins surgery residency for 6 years! This hotel is absolutely great for the price. They've recently remodeled - so the hotel itself is in great condition! The beds are probably the best I've ever slept on (including my bed at home!). The front desk was originally going to give us a room on the 11th floor, but my friend requested for an upgrade - and the lady at the front desk upgraded us for FREE to the 33rd (TOP) floor!!! It never hurts to ask - ever! The room was located at the P tower - not K - although I've heard that the K tower is wonderful. But oh my - the views of Diamond Head and Waikiki beach were absolutely breathtaking. We were so stoked to get this! Everything about the hotel was great - the maid service, room service (although it's quite expensive), front desk, Spa Olakino (in K Tower)... although we opted to venture out and eat outside the hotel (suggestion: Cheeseburger's In Paradise is close by - you can grab some yummy burgers and fries to go, and watch the sunset on the beach - which is right across the street!). We also rented a standard car (at Budget rent-a-car at the hotel) one of the days to drive down to the south shore - and on the weekend - we rented a Jeep Wrangler Sport ($130) for one-day rental plus insurance  gas refill - to check out North Shore - and basically drive around the entire island!!! Let me tell you... it was TOTALLY WORTH IT to get a jeep - it was a very fun ride. We explored as much as we could - and took tons of pictures. But going back to the hotel again - I recommend this hotel for active travelers that like to be comfortable and close to everything. You can't beat the cost for what you get!!!    
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Ocean View This was my first trip to Hawaii and we stayed at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Hotel. This is an excellent hotel and the staff is very friendly and courteous. We booked a partial ocean view and were upgraded to an ocean view room and we didn't even have to ask. We were on vacation for one week. My second day of vacation i was walking down a sidewalk that was undergoing construction and i slipped and fell into a hole that was not covered. I was taken to emergency right away and xrays showed that i had broken my foot. Needless to say my vacation was pretty much ruined, so my dream vacation turned into a nightmare. I was very limited to what i could do and had to cancel activities. But as far as the hotel goes, i was really impressed with the hotel. The ocean view in our room was incredible. Spent alot of time there since i couldn't walk much. I highly recommend this hotel. And i will definately stay here again next time i go to Hawaii.   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Waikkiki Beach Marriott Great location - just steps from the beach and shopping district. Will definitely recommend this place to all travellers to Honolulu! Staff were also very friendly and helpful. Ocean view rooms a must!   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYGirl
<Content>Great Place So pleased we read all your reviews prior to confirming our reservations. It was this site that prompted us to select the Marriott and we are happy that we did. The entire experience was delightful - beach is right across the street. Room was quite large at least 20 X 20 - beds are extremely comfortable. Just call housekeeping if your room is not cleaned early enough and they send someone right up. We were upgraded upon arrival from ocean view to deluxe ocean view - the view was absolutely breathtaking with no obstructions of the ocean. We truly had an enjoyable stay and would stay there again in a heart beat......   
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome views of Diamond Head and the beach Just returned from a 6 night stay in Oahu at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort. Had a fabulous time. We were upgraded to a corner suite on the 18th floor with two balconies offering panoramic views of Diamond Head and Waikiki Beach. The open air lobby was full of lush tropical plants. It was a very short walking distance to all that Waikiki had to offer.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Standard hotel fare I found the rooms lovely, the hotel staff is not that accomodating though. If you are looking for a standard hotel with nice beds, good location, nice views, this should do the trick. If you want luxury and pampering, head elsewhere.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MOjourneyer
<Content>Great hotel! Great features and a great location at a decent price for Waikiki! We stayed in the Paoakalani Tower which is the newer of the two towers and had a nice view of Diamond Head and the ocean.The Marriott complex occupies an entire block at the east end of the Waikiki strip with the beach right across the street. It is also within walking distance of most all of the shopping, dining and night life Waikiki has to offer. We really enjoyed the various street performers that come out at twilight to earn your tips.Parking is expensive, but unless you鈥檙e part of a tour group you鈥檒l want to rent a car (Hertz has an office  cars at the Marriott) to get out and explore the island beyond Honolulu. The traffic was congested as reputed, but nowhere near as bad as driving on the LA or NY freeways. There鈥檚 easy access via Kapahulu Street to Interstate H1 to drive over to Pearl Harbor and the North Shore, plus there are also some scenic drives we made on Highways 61  63 through the mountains northeast of Honolulu. The hotel lobby has a beautiful open-air atrium complete with waterfalls and there is a convenience store and a coffee shop adjoining it. There are also other stores in a mini-mall plus three good restaurants in the complex.The staff was friendly, helpful, and tri-lingual since several major Japanese travel agencies book tours groups at this hotel. Service was excellent and we loved the tropical d茅cor in our room.We will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>had a blast!! We started our honeymoon off in Waikiki and loved our hotel. I am not big on writing opinions but thought it would be worth it. The place is very clean, awesome views, and great service.we stayed for 5 days and loved it! I would go back to Waikiki in a heartbeat!The parking is the only problem but being from the city, I am comfy with waiting for a meter spot to open, and from 7:00 pm - 7:00 am you are all set. We were up at 5:00 due to the time difference, did not bother us one bit!Everyone told us that Waikiki was very city like, I am not sure what they consider city, it is not here.Great time..  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent It is excellent. Hotel services and its location are plus. Room is totaly upgrade with newly furnitures, newly bathroom. Staffs are friendly and helpful. I highly recomment this hotel for family with children. The beach in front of the hotel is perfect for the children (and aldult too), it is clean and not too strong waves.   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Locals point of view i live in honolulu and must say that the WBMR is one of the nicer hotel in waikiki. The locations is not too bad as long as you want to be by the beach (especially walls) and don't mind walking to the main attractions in waikiki. the rooms are spacious (compared to other hotels), and the hotel itself is huge. not so much family oriented but more for the business travellers.   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Honeymoon Ever!!! When we first arrived to the hotel we were pretty upset because they didn't have the rrom we had requested available. It turned out better though. We ended up paying the priice for the partial ocean view room and ended up in a corner delux ocean view room. The beds are the best. I was wishing all the time i could stay in bed. The buffet in the morning is the best. I mean i was eating salmon. Anytime i go back to Hawaii i will definity stay at this hotel no where else.   
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice environment Alooha! This hotel is great! We had our room on the 15th floor partial ocean view. It was beautiful! We got our package over at the priceline, and it was wonderful. The stuff at there was very friendly and very helpful. The lobby was beautiful as well. This hotel is highly recommend to travellers planning to go to Waikiki. The bed is very comfortable and the room is new! I dont have anything to complaint except the flashing toilet noise from upstair which it didn't really bother us cruz we were so tired from daytime activities.   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JaneDoe29
<Content>Best beds! We stayed at the Waikiki Marriott in May, 2004. The room was very attractive, comfortable and nicely furnished. The bed was probably the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever had. It even had five down pillows on the bed (king) and a down comforter. Our view, however, was lacking. We were in a partial ocean view which was on a fairly low floor (11) on the noisier side (Diamond Head side) of the hotel. Lots of city (buses, cars and A/C) noise and the view was as urban as it gets (of the neighboring buildings). You could view the ocean from the lanai. It may be worth it to pay for the ocean view or at least try to get a room on the Ewa side of the building (a much quieter street). The gym was very well equipped and uncrowded. The treadmill machines even had individual personal TV's. Although we didn't eat at the hotel, we did have a beer at the pool bar/restaurant and at $3 for a nice premuim draft beer, in an oceanview setting, it was a good deal for Waikiki. I was also happy to see that the inroom coffee was free...somewhat of a special thing in Waikiki, even among some of the higher end properties (Hilton). Overall, the Marriott is a very pleasant place to stay.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Cook
<Content>No better Place This place was awsome! The location was perfect and the staff was very good. It is busy, but everything in Honolulu is...it is a city! If you want quiet go to any of the other islands. I paid $150, but would have gladly paid $200 or more to have the view I had. If you get a deal online TAKE IT!  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice place to stay. We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in Apr 2004. We had stayed at the Radisson Prince kuhio hotel behind the Marriott for 2 nights. This is clearly a much better hotel than the Radisson. Of course, the Marriott is more expensive and you get what you pay for. The (newly renovated?) lobby is outstanding with beautiful plants and a waterfall etc which by itself is a nice place to sit, read a newspaper and relax. There are two towers comprising this hotel and we were given a partial ocean view room on the front tower (K tower, I think) closer to the beach. It was a very nice large room with a big balcony with a pretty good view of the ocean from the side. The place where the hotel is located is slightly quieter than other places on the Waikiki strip. The only problems we had I can say were minor. During weekend nights we had trouble finding parking in the hotel lot as not only hotel guests are allowed to use it. Also, the maid service was a bit slow and sometimes the beds weren't done and place not cleaned even after 2:30 pm or so when we got back from our visits.We certainly did not have the horroble experiences that some people have described. It was pleasant throughout and management was friendly and addressed our minor problems promptly.One thing to note however. Hotels in the waikiki area are expensive and sometimes still don't offer much. IMHO it is best to lower one's expectations before the trip :). Food/gas is also more expensive than on the mainland.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ndh
<Content>Great place to stay I travel to Hawaii frequently and the Marriott is wonderful! The rooms are newly renovated, the staff is friendly, and the gym is far above any hotel gym I've seen. The beach is right across the street and the strip it full of shops and great restaurants. I definately recommend it!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler1954
<Content>Fantastic Beach View We stayed for two weeks. The room we got when we checked in had a street view and was noisy - we upgraded to the pool side of the front tower, it was the best $30 per night we ever spent - an amazing beach view. A great place to sit at night and watch the sun set. Both rooms were clean and well maintained, but a little small by Marriott standards. Staff was great, and the beach front buffett was pretty good value. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! We just left the Marriott yesetrday after 5 great days. I don't understand the negative complaints either! (There are some people that just NEED something to gripe about!) Yeah, it's large, whattaya expect, it's a Marriott, and it's on Waikiki Beach! The staff is friendly, the rooms and environs are top notch, neat, and clean, and the views (from our ocean front room) were outstanding. We've always stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki or the Hilton Hawaiian Village, but had heard that the Sheraton was in need of some work (which it appears to be undergoing right now) and the Hilton is absolutely outstanding, but it's a little removed from the main part of Waikiki and we don't like the walk back in the dark with our two daughters. The only gripe that I have for the Marriott would be about their Wi-Fi access. It didn't work in our room and was $10.95 per day. I'm now sitting in the lobby of the Turtle Bay Resort on the North Shore, looking out at the surf (free Wi-Fi as part of their $12 per day Resort fee which also includes parking, tennis, snorkle gear, etc.) I'll leave my impressions of TBR under their heading when our trip is done, but so far so good......  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Carole-Renee'
<Content>It's so big! We stayed at the Waikiki Beach Marriott in Feb. of this year. We came down from spending a week up at the North Shore. It was kind of like culture shock, as there were so many people in the area. I guess the pro bowl was part of the reason. The Marriott was very nice. Our room was clean, attractive, and had an unsurpassed view of Diamond Head and the park. We were on the 32nd floor. Never stayed that high before. I was not comfortable sitting on the lanai (much less looking over it) but this wouldn't affect everyone this way. Didn't bother my husband. This was a very large resort. I was not comfortable being in such a large place with so many people. I think it has over 1,000 rooms. This is, of course, my opinion, but for anyone who likes a more intimate setting you might want to look elsewhere. The eating areas were usually very crowded and I found them not to be very relaxing. Next door is the Aston, which seemed like a more laid back place. Their eating places seemed less expensive. We liked to duck into Gaylord Puck's for some tasty food to take up to our room (you can also eat there) and we ate for a very reasonable price at Peary's Smorgy. The Marriott is across the street from a pretty swimming area with a sandy bottom. It's not a long walk to the acquarium or the park or the zoo. It was just so big that it seemed to take us forever to just get out of there to go those places!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Don't get the NEG Reviews My wife and I stayed here from 14-21 March 04 and I don't get the NEG reviews. I travel all over the world and have visited Oahu several times. I've stayed in 9 different hotels (JW Ihilani, Hilton Hawaiian Village, etc.) I would have to rate this as the 3rd best in Oahu. I was getting skiddish reading the NEG reviews - Here's what I experianced: It was pouring rain when we arrived. We pulled under the canopy and were greated by valets who showed us to the lobby past several (watch your step, slippery when wet) signs. Self parking was $12 a night, $10 plus tip for valet parking. As we ventured past the pleasing sceanary and soulful sound of Brudaah IZ we appoached the counter and began our pleasant vacation. There were 3 employees at the counter for check in - we were in our room in less than 10 min. The room was very spacious, clean and brightly decorated. The bed was the most comfortable we have ever slept in. We stayed at the second (P.... ) Tower. We had a great view of Diamond Head and the Ocean from the balcony we often lounged on. The room was a 3-5 min walk to the beach depending on the elevator. Let me summarize from here. SPA(B+), GYM(A-), 2 POOLS(A+), BAR(A), LAUNDRY(A), HOSPITALITY/SERVICE(A+), COMFORT(A). If you don't mind staying at the far end of town, I'd recomend staying here.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful place to stay The Marriott staff in Oahu is very friendly and very helpful.The room is nice and clean.I defintely will come back and stay in that hotel.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience ! Aloha, we visited Oahu and stayed at the Waikiki Beach Marriott from March 13th - 20th, 2004. It has a wonderful location right across from the beach. We found the place a beautiful experience. We had the ocean front tower, with a deluxe corner room where we had a view of the ocean from anywhere in the room. The room was very spacious and beautiful decor. The room service was good, the stores were nice, with an ABC store in either tower, and a Seattle's Best coffee shop in either tower also. We ate at the Kuhio cafe for breakfast and it was always wonderful. Ate at their new Italian restaraunt (not owned by the hotel chain), and it was terrible, but do go next door to the Tiki bar and grill, nice Hawaiian fare there. The pools were very clean and well kept, the employees were always helpful and kind. The beach in front of the hotel was quiet and peacful, great for just laying on the beach for a while. Not crowded and loud like behind the Duke statue or further down in front of the Hilton Hawaiian Village. I'd have to say it was the most pleasurable vacation I have ever had. Mahalo Hawaii ! Hope to see you again soon!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tennis_JD
<Content>It wasn't so bad.... Stayed here primarily for business, and then through the weekend for pleasure. Marriott (and Hilton properties for that matter) have an edge over other hotels because business travelers, like me, are trying to collect points for free future stays. So this was an obvious choice to stay since the Hilton property on Waikiki was pricier.My room was not all that bad. It wasn't the best, but it was comfortable. What I didn't like about the room was the entrance to the bathroom did not have a door. The toilet and the shower had a door, but the sink did not. Therefore, when my girlfriend or I went to the bathroom, turning on the light shined a bright light onto the bed in the room.I upgraded to what I thought was an oceanview room. Come to find out that it was a PARTIAL oceanview room - and the FULL oceanview room is $30 more per night. So, I DID have a view of the ocean, but it was partial. Make sure you check technicality when checking into this hotel.Also, there are 2 towers on this property. Both towers are rectangular in shape. Both towers are perpendicular to the ocean - meaning the short side of the tower directly faces the ocean, and the long side of each tower provides the partial view. The second tower is located behind the first tower, thus creating one long hotel (the towers do not sit side by side but instead in-line). The reason why I pointed this out is because my room was in the 2nd tower, and the last room furthest from the ocean. Although it was on the 27th floor (#2772 to be exact), it was well away from the ocean. Even though you select an oceanview room, you may not get an ideal room that you are expecting.Despite explaining the above, the room was adequate. And the view of Diamondhead crater was definately enjoyable. No noise from the other rooms were heard at all, however at 27 floors up you can still hear the traffic below (no big deal). There is a small fridge in the room, and enough space for 2 people and full luggage. Room service was good and prompt. Maid service was polite and thorough. The elevators didn't make me wait a long time (pet-peeve of mine about nice hotels), and the lobby was spacious and adequate with enough shops, etc for what you need. The front desk was adequate which didn't seem to coordinate with other reviews on this site - maybe they cleaned up their act. I didn't eat in the hotel restaurants because there are too many good restaurants within walking distance (1 block). Try Cheeseburger in Paradise for breakfast AND lunch, try HY's steakhouse for a classy dinner, and try TIKI's for a nice atmosphere dinner/drinks.The Marriott is located in front of one of the busy parts of Waikiki Beach. There's always alot of people tanning on the sand, so you may have to walk further down to get a spot. Driving to/from this hotel is kinda difficult, but that's Waikiki - the traffic in Honolulu is ridiculous for the amount of people they have - not to mention the construction of Kahio Ave which runs perpenticular to the rear of the 2nd tower.Overall, I feel this hotel is decent. I can stay there again, but I feel there may be others that have a better room (including location) for the amount I paid.If you get a chance, go see the KO OLINA Marriott Hotel. It is NOT in Waikiki and is about 30 minutes west, but if you want to stay at a resort with the whole 9 yards (golf, private beach, luau, hammerhead sharks) this is the spot!Feel free to email me with questions.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hawaiian Marriott Experience Aloha,We visited Oahu and stayed at the Waikiki Beach Marriott from Feb 25th through Feb 28th (2004). I just can't understand the negative reviews written here. It has a wonderful location right across from the beach iand is newly renovated. It should not be compared unrealistically to other higher priced luxury resorts.The extended family was in Waikiki in May of 2001. At that time, the end of the beach where the Marriott is now located was absolutely dead. You had to walk a block or so up the strip before anyone was around. Stores were closed, restaurants were run down, and people were just running past to get to the zoo or towards Diamondhead.Now, it is different. The area is revitalized, in much part do to the new renovations and upgrades to the Marriott (and the area). The shops in the Marriott were dead and nobody was around. Now there are people shopping, nice restaurants, two coffee shops in the hotel, lounges, and beautiful Hawaiian ambiance.Without asking for it, we were upgraded to the front tower facing the ewa (towards Honolulu) . We had a spectacular view of the beach, and overlooked the new pool and terrance. The decor was all brand new and had a wonderfall Hawaiian motif including bright new carpets and newly painted hallways. It rained much of the time we were there but the hotel provided a nice array of activities. There were native craft displays to purchase and also craft activities. My mother was able to make an authentic professional quality orchid lei for free. There was also a talented hula dancer in the courtyard performing daily. Even in the rain the pool bar was fun to sit at and have a drink, as was the Seattles Best coffee shop inside the back tower of the hotel. The only negative was that the nightly native music performances that used to take place at the old lobby level bar are now gone. They have been moved to only once a week on the terrace. Even so, the new waterfall fountain and rock formation is beautiful and a wonderful place to grab a tropical drink (if it wasn't raining).We found the place a beautiful experience. All things being equal we would return to the Marriott in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott Waikiki Stayed at the Marriott Waikiki Feb 21-27. Room was clean, nice view of ocean and mountains. It is large by Honolulu standards. The bathroom is quite small, but ok for a week or so. Houskeeping service was poor, there were not enough cleaning staff so room often not cleaned and made up until 4-5PM. Restaurant Kuhio Grill-BAD.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We just got back from our trip and what a beautiful Hotel. The first 2 nights we stayed at a Raddison right accross the street cause Marriott didnt have rooms available. What a diffrence. From the moment i stepped into the hotels open air lobby...i felt the Hawaii spirit. Lush tropical setting, waterfalls, and the decor was all in tuned with the Hawaii look. I loved it. We had a room on the 27th floor which was a great size. The bed,sheets and pillows were the best in quality. Room decor again was done with good taste. Finally we went to our balcony and the view was of Diamond Head and Waikiki Beach. OH MY GOD! I loved it. Now this marriott has t buildings....the large building is the the one furtheest from the beach and the one we stayed in. All new and beutiful. The shorter building right by the water is an older building, but many rooms were also redone. The people were always a pleasure to deal with and no one ever gave us a hard time. Hertz Car rental is in the lobby and the shops are great. I have nothing negative to say about this Marriott. Great location and beautiful setting. Worth the money in every way!!!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stay ANYWHERE else Let me start by saying I am a Marriott rewards member. I had better experience at the Fairfield Inn, North Little Rock, AR!! There is no idea of customer service here. Service is not upgrading me to deluxe ocean view and ignoring my problems. I was here on business, so my company paid for everything. I would NEVER spend my own money to stay here. The rooms are nothing special. The pool is below average. Service at the bar near the pool is HORRIBLE! I was moved twice due to porblems in each room (AC failed etc.) The ONLY reason I chose this hotel was for the wireless HS internet. Well guess what, that only works in the lobby in front of the business center. Nobody explained this until after I had already PREPAID the $35 for my 3 night stay. I asked the manager of the business center for a LAN line so I could syn my email and read it in my room later. He said sure....that will be $5 setup fee and a per min fee to be connected!! This how a SILVER REWARDS MEMBER is treated!! At $199 a night and $12 to park and worn out beds, faulty AC and constant elevator problems....stay ANYWHERE else but this Marriott!!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average Hotel, Not a great location My hushand  I have travelled to Hawaii (Maui, Big Island, Kauai) several times but it was our first time to Oahu. Not knowing where to stay on Waikiki, we went for affordable and predictable. We stayed for two nights in Jan 04 at the Marriott. The hotel was at the best location since it was too far down the Waikiki strip, although the walk was not too bad. The pool was awful. There is one on closer to the beach which is nicer but the chairs were badly stained with bird droppings. The restaurants did not have a nice view of the beach. The room was what I would expect from a Marriott. It was predictable and comfortable. However, our balcony overlooked the rooftop of another building and you can see the cigarette buds, ashtrays and shoes being dropped from higher floors. From reading a previous review, I was concerned about the rooms being mostly smoking rooms. My room was smoke free which was nice. I am not sure if I would stay here again since there are so many other hotels in Waikiki.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Handicap accessible  I am very pleased at the overall efficiency of this establishment. Planned a 15yr anniversary trip over Thanksgiving and I commend the staff and the personable reception received. My daughter who is handicapped received the treatment only for a Princess! Thank you for a wonderfull and memorable time. Kudos to Paradise Cove, Star of Honolulu, Sea Life Park, Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Aquarium and Waikiki. Michael R. Spiegel  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tamstrat
<Content>Very happy with this hotel I don't understand the negative reviews on this site---we had great service while we stayed there. We were upgraded to a nicer room for free, the staff were all friendly and helpful, the concierge was very nice. The rooms are not extravagant, but very clean and well appointed. We had a room with a partial mountain (Diamond Head) and partial oceanview. The only thing I wish would be improved is the restaurants, expensive and food only okay. Also, the entertainment in the bar ended way too early at only 9:00 pm or so. Otherwise this is a very nice hotel, that is close to the heart of Waikiki. I would stay there again and recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fails at even basic service principles I was not impressed with this hotel at all. Being in the hotel business myself, I understand that when you're running an operation as large as the Waikiki Marriott, there are going to be problems. Unlike most leisure travelers, I am not high-maintenance. The Waikiki Marriott failed even to meet with my low standards.First of all, I was staying with my sister who had arrived a few days earlier. I had asked her to put my name on the reservation, so I could just get a key and be done with it when I arrived. But when I got there, the non-English speaking and rude front desk clerk would not give me a key. She said that my name wasn't on the room. As my sister and I went downstairs to get it sorted out, we spoke with a desk clerk who had 1/2 of a brain, and she confirmed that my name had been on there all along and that (after showing ID) I should have been given a key.My sister's room service breakfast was garnished with open/used jelly containers. There's not a better way to eliminate an appetite than realizing that someone else had already eaten your meal.The furniture was mismatched, the carpet and the sheets smelled funky, and the bathroom was nothing to rave about either. We did have an ocean view (sort-of) which was nice, but we were also kept up all night by our neighbors--seemingly all Japanese juvenile delinquents--because the security was really lax. The fitness center was a joke. Enough said.The rental car office in the hotel is a joke, too. Parking was ample but expensive for Hawaii. C'mon. This isn't New York, here...The pool was ok. The restaurant was edible, but nothing special. Checking out, we discovered they'd double charged us for parking. Explaining this to the desk should have been easy, but it wasn't. The views of Diamond Head and the beach were the only redeeming quality of this place. Other than that, it is an overgrown Motel 6. I can't even imagine what this would be like for someone who needs pampering from their hotel.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sullyboy
<Content>A Great Choice in Waikiki As a very frequent visitor to Honolulu, I've tried out just about every hotel in the Waikiki area (Kalakau BLVD). Here's my review of the hotels I've stayed with and know, beginning with the Marriott Waikiki:1) Marriott Waikiki: A very good value, at a great location just a 3 minute walk to Waikiki beach. There are two towers that make up the hotel; you should ask for the one nearest the ocean for the best view. I had room 1810 (corner room) in the tower farthest from the ocean, yet I still had a great view from the balcony and picture window. The rack rate was something over $400, but they were running a special for $225/ night. I got the room for $120 on Priceline, and asked to be upgraded upon check-in. I was very nice to the girl, and she upgraded me for free although she didn't have to. Priceline customers generally get run-of-house rooms with no view. The hotel is basically brand new... the rooms are fantastic, even complete with black marble countertops. Bed are very comfy and large (mine was a king bed). Air conditioner was very effective, which is a must in Hawai'i. You must have your balcony door shut for air to come one though. I guess Marriott doesn't want to pay for you to cool off the whole city... :) All in all, a great hotel, great staff, and a 1st class, 4-star facility. I would return as long as I get a rate under $150. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this Marriott in contrast to some of the negative reviews on this website.2) Sheraton Waikiki: A GREAT location directly on the beach, but lousy dated rooms. Our room faced Diamond Head, and while laying on the bed, you could look outside and imagine yourself on a cruiseship....all you saw was blue....no buildings in the way or anything. However great the view was, the room was not worth $200/night. I'd take that $200/night to the Hyatt and get the same great view, with a better room. The pool area is nice, albeit crowded, with nice Hula shows at night. Lobby is grand central station, as it is a main thoroughfare to the beach for guests and non-guests alike. This is a very large hotel. almost Las Vegas casino sized. If you want nothing but a great view and large crowds, this may be your hotel. If you don't want large crowds, first off you probably don't want to come to Honolulu. Secondly, your best bet is the Kahala Mandarin Oriental on the back side of Diamon Head, in the exclusive Kahala neighborhood.3) Hyatt Regency Waikiki:A great ocean view from either tower, provided you opt for ocean view and not city/mountain view. Again, you can lay in bed and see nothing but the blue ocean out your window. Large open air lobby, pretty crowded. Rooms are average to large. Great sushi restaurant in the hotel. Easy to get lost in the lobby, until you get it in your head. All in all a great choice. This hotel embodies the Hyatt name. Truly a cut above the Sheraton Waikiki in terms of quality, yet on par with the new Marriott Waikiki in terms of room-quality. The Hyatt is directly accross the street from the beach though, and has no buildings between it and the sand. The Marriott is accross the street and down the road about 200 feet, so you have 1 or 2 buildings between the hotel and the sand.4) Halekulani: A top-notch 5 star hotel on Waikiki. In fact, the only 5-star on Waikiki beach, contrary to anything else you may hear. Absolutely gorgeous hotel, very exclusive and A++ location on the beach. Everything about the hotel is great, except the prices. Don't expect to find this hotel discounted on Priceline or any other website. Unless you are privy to special industry rates, you're going to pay through the nose for this hotel ($400 for a non-ocean view room). I think this hotel is way overpriced, even though it is very lovely. If you want luxury, stay at the Mandarin-Oriental, which trumps the Halekulani in my opinion. The M-O will can also be had for closer to $200, just depending on when you book and when you plan to travel. Check mandarin-oriental.com for best rates.5) Sheraton Moana Surfrider: Hands down the most romantic hotel in Honolulu. The first lady of Waikiki as she is called was built in the early 1900s and is just picture perfect. Check out their website for pictures and info. The only downside is that the rooms do not have balconies in the original hotel. Newer towers have been built next to the original hotel, and they have every modern convenience, including balconies. All rooms have air conditioning. This is my favorite place to relax in Waikiki. I especially love the Banyan courtyard. Stay at this hotel if you love nostaligic things...from wrap around porches with rocking chairs to large white columns. This is grand old Hawaii at its finest. Even if you don't stay here, you've got to experience breakfast on the Veranda.6) Outrigger Waikiki: Although this hotel is right on the beach, the rooms are old and musty, and for $200+ per night, I'd rather go to the Hyatt or Marriott or Moana Surfrider! I'd avoid all things Outrigger and Aston (2 hotel giants in HI). You pay too much and get too little at those chains. Outrigger and Aston have many dumpy hotels to fit most budgets. I'd go so far as to recommend staying at home and saving up $ until you can st least stay at the Marriott. Staying in a nicer hotel can make all the difference in a vacation, trust me!!7) Royal Hawaiian (a Sheraton hotel):The other landmark Waikiki hotel, dating back to the early 1900s. This great pink hotel is centrally located on the sand. Again, if you are into nostalgic things, you'll love this hotel and overlook its flaws which come with age. Such flaws may include small rooms, no balconies, etc. The biggest problem you may have is getting your husbands to stay in a pink palace. Ah, but remember this is Hawaii...the place men can wear leis and not be thought to swing the other way. At the very least, you must walk through the lobby and grounds of this hotel to take it all in... it is afterall a piece of history. FYI: All the government officials from D.C. stayed at this hotel immediately following Pearl Harbor in 1941 while conducting the investigation.8) Sheraton Princess Kaiulani:A 3 star hotel accross the street from the beach. Nice enough, but really not your best bet for Waikiki. If considering this hotel, I think you'd be far happier at the Marriott for a similar price. Nice thing about the Sheraton hotels (Sheraton Waikiki, Moana Surfrider, Princess Kaiulani, Royal Hawaiian) is that you have access to all of them (pools, etc) and can sign charges to your room from the restaurants at all 4 hotels.9) W Hotel Honolulu:This hotel is off the beaten path in Honolulu, south of Waikiki Beach, and at the base of Diamond Head. If you want ecclectic and less crowds, you'd enjoy this hotel. A 15-20 minute walk will put you close to Waikiki beach and most downtown shopping, dining, etc. Everything here is a bit abstract, but that is essentially what the W brand represents.10) Kahala Mandarin Oriental:By far my favorite hotel. I stayed in room 711, which had a great (HUGE) balcony and perfect view of the ocean. Kahala is around the bend from Honolulu, but still only a 10-12 minute drive by car or hotel courtesy shuttle bus. Although all Hawaiian beaches are technically public, the hotel enjoys a very secluded 'private' beach. This is truly the 1st choice hotel in Hawaii for VIPs, celebrities, etc. If you have the cash, go for it and enjoy every second. Check their website for seasonal rates.Rooms are oversized, parque wood floors, large marbel baths, comfy beds, Wonderful breakfast buffet @ Plumeria Cafe. Some rooms are on the lagoon, which is home to 2 bottlenose dolphins. I think you can swim with them and a trainer (for a price). The grounds of the hotel are lush and perfectly relaxing. Being at this hotel is what Hawaii is all about to me: tranquil beauty, and proximity to the busy city for when I want/need that aspect.Bottom line: My top choice on O'ahu is the M-Oriental hotel, but if you must be in Waikiki, I'd say go with the Hyatt for modern comfort and a great view, or the Moana Surfrider for nostalgia/on-the-beach-location.Also be sure to try Dukes restaurant on Waikiki for their amazing breakfast buffet. Cheeseburger in Paraside is a must for lunch (try their Island Burger) and the Shorebird on Waikiki is a must for dinner (arrive early for the early bird special) and grill your own fish or steak while watching another perfect sunset in paradise. Your dinner comes with a great all-you-can-eat salad bar. Don't forget to try breakfast on the Veranda at the Moana Surfrider Hotel on Waikiki. Prices = $15-$25, but believe me, you don't want to miss this!!Enjoy your trip, and prepare to get hooked on Hawai'i! Aloha!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Marriott level of service I booked two reservations; the first was for three nights with a second single nights reservation 4 days later. The first stay was pleasant and uneventful. Nothing to write home about.Keep in mind this all happened within 10 hours:The return stay was the other extreme. After entering the garage facility and parking the rental car on the 5th floor I discovered the parking elevator was out of service and had to walk my way down 5 levels of parking with bags and a tired four year old. A notice at the entrance indicating this condition would have allowed me to drop the bags with the bell captain. When I asked the front desk why this had not been done the front desk clerk responded with We just learned of it. 5 minutes later he still had not made any effort to coordinate the posting of a sign and when I repeated my request for a sign simply said Ill get to it.I pulled back the sheets on the bed and was greeted with a blood or (something worse) stain (approx 8 x 4) Sizable enough that the staff could not have missed it. At 11:30 PM, I opted to share the other bed with my 4 year old.I rose the next morning and was greeted with two bills. The bill for the room in my name, and another for approximately $83:00 in the name of my son. The front desk admitted it was an error, but after 4 requests and speaking to a Manager, they were unable to provide me with a corrected statement showing the adjusted charges. Needless to say I eagerly await my credit card statement.In speaking with the Manager I had also mentioned the stain in the bed and that I ended up sleeping with my 4 year old son and the parking situation. His response was I agree they should not have happened. This manager and the front desk staff have the customer service skills of a Motel 6.Spending 100 plus nights a year on the road, (75% with Hilton and 25% with Marriott) I am somewhat tolerant of the Hotel industry. However, I also am aware of the Marriott standard and this property falls short. Dont call it a Marriott if its an outrigger with indifferent and incompetent staff and management.Spend your money elsewhere  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tgw
<Content>Just OK Yet another Marriott with some good aspects and some bad. They never seem to get everything right. I've stayed in some scary Marriotts, but this one was nice. Average... but nice. The hotel itself seems pleasant from the outside, but the location is not the best. Nice lobby and public facilities. An overall good first impression upon arrival. Front desk staff average. To the point, and not genuine at all (very Marriott-like). Standard room with few frills. Did not use restaurant or bar, but they looked like they were high quality. I had room service once. The food was good, and the server friendly. Overall, nothing to spectacular to speak of, including the vew. Poor location = Poor views. No big deal though. Overall, nice, but just OK. If your looking for something a little more special around the same price, check out some of the higher-end hotels right along the beach (Sheraton and Radisson are wonderful locations).  
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again - can't trust Marriott staff We stayed a this property during the last week of August 2003. First, the picture makes this property look like it is right on the beach, the 1-(800) marriott help desk could not verify for me when I called - Well, IT IS NOT RIGHT ON THE BEACH! The main entrance to this property is on a side street with limited parking and driveway to drop off your luggage during check. The valet parking staff had the driveway jammed wih cars that my wife had to drive around the block while I walked up to get us checked in. Well, the Waikiki Marriot fools lost my reservation (I even had paper work with reserv numbers and), and it still took them another 30-45 mins. to figure out what happened, verification, approval!!???. Finally, I was offered an upgrade to ocean view but I had to pay another $30 per night. I reluctantly agreed- anything just to get me and my family checked in. In the meantime my wife and kids found a parking spot at the back entrance driveway to this hotel, but they were met by an unreasonable security guard who demanded that they had to move even though my wife explained the valet parking situation and that I was at the reservation desk the whole time. Finally with room keys in hand, I met up with my wife as she was driving around the block. The main driveway to the hotel was still blocked with cars, so we were somehow directed straight to the parking garage. There we found that was no bell hop to meet us at the parking garage to help us with our luggage. We had to haul it all ourselves up to te room. The upgraded ocean view room was NOT AN OCEANVIEW from inside the room. You have to step out on the balcony and look slightly to the side. I complained but the front desk insisted that this was their oceanview room! Whew, that was just the first day. During our stay, the only friendly people were the pesky folks trying get you to visit their Marriott Koolina timeshare. The second to the last day, we left our room in the morning to get some breakfast - we were gone less than two hours. We left our digital camera inside a case next to our luggage. Well guess what, the camera  case was gone when we returned. WE WERE BURGLARIZED. The only person that entered the room was the maid. Hmmm, and the Waikiki Marriott does not feel responsible at all for this. Watchout if you are still seriously considering staying at this property. If you want to royally ruin your Waikiki vacation, this is the place. We lost all of the precious photos we took of the kids during this vacation.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy with this hotel Just returned from the islands - always a little scary to pick a hotel off the internet but we were pleased with the Marriott. It was in a great location close to everything yet away from the total madness of the area. The staff was friendly. The room was nice and clean. Our full ocean view was more of a partial ocean view in my opinion but still beautiful. Enjoyed it and would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel! My family just got back from a wonderful vacation in Honolulu, we stayed at the Marriott because of all the reviews we had read on this site. We couldn't have picked a better hotel :) We we're upgraded for free from a city view to a partial ocean view upon check-in just like some of the other comments had mentioned. We could actually see the ocean from one of the beds in the room! There was a crib waiting for us in the room for our baby (just like I had requested when I booked with Expedia). Everyone we encountered was friendly and accommodating. The pool area was crowded, to get a cabana you must go early in the morning. There were so many lounge chairs available that it was never a problem to find seating though. The hotel is in the perfect area. At night all of the beach area here is lit by tiki torches, as is the pier and streets. If you stay at the Marriott, be sure to go next door to the Pacific Beach hotel for lunch at the Oceanarium restaurant it was our favorite place to eat! Quite reasonable and what a treat! A 3 story high aquarium with every tropical fish you can imagine swimming by as you eat, even sharks and stingrays! As for Waikiki beach, if you have young children the beach here is the best! The way the breakers are set up our baby (16 months) could just wade in the water, sitting and splashing under our watchful eye. We will stay in this hotel again, can't wait to come back! Aloha!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort... Good and Bad... I've just got back from a 10 day stay at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort. I read the reviews on this web site and they all sounded good so I booked a deluxe ocean view room (corner) by telephone. (Prices booking by phone were exactly the same as the prices on ALL web sites!) I paid 300 dollars a night but more later....The hotel is located on the East side of Waikiki in a great location. The beach there has a pier and a wall to stop big waves coming in. This makes the location perfect for little kids (ours are 8 and 6). Right next to this beach is an area without a wall allowing people to boogie board too if they want. What's better is that this side of Waikiki is much quieter than the area around the Sheraton, so it just more pleasant. Also, tour buses etc pass right by the hotel meaning that if you plan to do activities you're in the right place to start with. One problem I suppose, is that it's a bit far from most of the main shops (Hawaiian Shopping Mall etc) but they are only a 10 min walk away. Also, there is an ABC store in front of the hotel (like every other hotel in Waikiki!) and close by is a Denny's, Starbuck's etc..As for the hotel, the lobby is beautiful with a mini volcano and water fall. The site of the hotel is huge so you get a feeling of space. The hotel has 2 pools, both on the 3rd floor and they are perfect for a dip before bed and great for kids. The shalllow end is 3ft and the deep end is 8 ft, but they allow inflatables so the kids loved swimming there. The hotel has two restaurants, but we only used one of the first floor, the Kuhio Grill Bar. This was good for breakfast, with a typical buffet menu, with lots to choose from. At night, they served a variety of foods, all good and reasonably priced.So, where is the bad? Why only an average rating?? The answer is the room itself. Paying 300 dollars, I expected a perfect room. Unfortunatley, it was far from that. The room was a corner on the 23rd floor (Room 2332). This room is fairly large, clean and has an amazing SHAKE!! If you don't know what earthquakes feel like, this room is a good demonstration. The shake is due to a vent in the corner wall just by one of the two queen beds. The shake is bad enough to cause the corner light and bed head to vibrate enough to be heard, and is very unpleasant at night. I had quite a few nights with a poor sleep due to it. I heard from the hotel staff that all corner rooms in that block above the 18th floor had the same problem. So, my STRONG advice would be to avoid those rooms. Also, the view from the left side corner rooms (e.g. 2332) is not as good as the right side (e.g. 2333) so it you want to get a room get the right side. Aparently, the hotel has other corner rooms in a different building which don't have the shakes, but I didn't see these so can't comment.Other small problems, were poor service at the front desk on arrival and not great service in the restaurant on occasions. In particular, we booked the 'Romance Package', but the front desk attitude did not reflect this at all. The lady at the desk was blunt and overly formal. No smiles at all. Other people working there also showed a similar attitude.Fortunately, on the day of checkout I mentioned my problems with the room and got a reasonably discount. That made up for the problem a little but 9 days with the shakes is not that nice. Next time, I'd probably book a cheaper hotel with a nicer ocean front room. There are a few to choose from in the same area.Saying all this, if we didn't choose the expensive room we did, (e.g. chose a standard ocean room on the right of the building instead) I think the rating for the hotel would be much higher. The kids and the wife loved the holiday, and enjoyed the poor and breakfast buffet a lot.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JANJ1225
<Content>Wonderful Place/Location Myself and 3 friends stayed in Waikiki from August 3-10. We originally booked the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel and spent one night there and requested our tour company move us to the Marriott directly across the street. The move was very smooth. The Marriott was absoutely wonderful and convenient. We were upgraded from a partial oceanview to a full oceanview (the view from the 17th floor was breathtaking). Waikiki tends to get very busy however, the end the Marriott is on seems to be less busy. The Marriott is convenient to everything and within walking distance of the International Market, shops, restaurants, zoo and aquairum. The buses and trolleys were very convenient. The Marriott offers an excellent lei making class. The Circle Island Tour is a must do and allows you to see most of the island---BEAUTIFUL.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chatty_catty
<Content>Would not stay here again! My very first stay at a Marriott property will be my last. I've vacationed in Waikiki many times and have had many pleasant experiences at other hotels, however, my stay in the Marriott was horrible. At confirmation of the reservation, I requested non-smoking rooms (4), reasoning, we have people in our party that have asthma, young children, senior citizens and pregnancy. At checkin, no non-smoking rooms were available. The excuse from the check in clerk was that 70% of the rooms are smoking rooms to accomodate the Japanese visitors that mainly smoke. Well, there are other people, regardless of ethnicity, that do not and cannot smoke. The night manager refused to come out of her office to discuss any reasonable alternatives and the clerk asked that we visit the rooms set aside for us to test whether we could stand the smell, no offer to stay in room for one night and move the following. We would have to take up the issue with the day manager. We would have been happy to move rooms during the week, if we could have been promised non-smoking rooms later on. We also did not consider the floor level of the room either, since we were and still are concerned for our health first. Marriott did nothing to accomodate us and since our rooms were prepaid, they really had no incentive to accomodate us. Bad treatment of customers, prepaid or not, is uncalled for.Uncomfortable beds too. You can feel the springs right through the mattress padding.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MJMorange
<Content>Great experience. Great location and the most comfortable beds! Room was beutiful and comfortable. Lobby a little busy but much nicer than the adjoining hotels. We'll stay here any time we return to Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice for stay on Waikiki My family stayed here in mid-July and had a wonderful experience. We had booked a city-view room and they upgraded us to a partial oceanview without our requesting it! Had a marvelous view of Diamond Head and the beach. We found all of the staff extremely friendly and helpful. I recommend the lei making class.If you are looking for a quiet retreat, this probably isn't the location you want. I could get a bit noisy at night. But you can't beat the location for view and access to the beach and restaurants. I highly recommend the Marriott.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott Waikiki Resort is Below Standard!!! Marriott Wakiki Beach Resort. The name sounds great and my expectations were high being Marriott. My husband and I celebrated our 7 year anniversary. We stayed for 7 days. We checked in on Wednesday, 7/16/03. The front desk was rude. She didnt give us any information. She just handed our room keys. When we walked into our room, I was disappointed. It was terrible, very small, and the generator which was in front of our balcony was so loud. My husband immediately called the front desk and asked for another room. They told us to check back in the morning. There was no way I was going to stay in that room and even considered staying at another hotel. I called the front desk and asked them to look again, she again turned me down and told me that there were no rooms available at all. I was so mad I wanted to cry. I took my luggage and we went downstairs and demanded another room. While proceeding down the hallway, the housekeeper's cart was blocking the hall. She looked at me and said WHAT?...I was in shock. I told her to move her cart. She told me to squeeze through with all my luggage. When we got downstairs, I asked the front desk to kindly find me another room thats Non-smoking and quiet. She found me another room. That night we smelled cigarette smoke in the bathroom and the buses kept us awake all night. I woke up at 4 am and called the manager. My husband was stuffed up with Allergies from the cigarette smoke and my eyes were itchy and red. The manager apologized and found me another room. He compensated by giving us an ocean view. My husband went downstairs to pick up the keys and was given a hard time at the front desk. The lady told him it was unfair that we are getting an ocean view while others pay an extra $400 dollars for it. I was really upset about that because she is not to determine what is fair for the customer. When we opened our 3rd new room, someone was there. A half naked man was standing there while I was ready to pull my luggage in. I called the manager once again and the only room availale was a double ocean view. We took it anyways. The bathroom was small. There was stain on the carpet. The furniture was dusty. I also found 2 towels under the bed. I tried to make the best of it but I can surely say that I will never stay at any Marriott Hotel ever again. To make matters worse, Our last day, while I was walking to the pool I found a dead roach around the walkway. I was so disgusted. I was really disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Marriott is not a four star hotel Well, it certainly not a four star when it comes to customer service. We called a couple of days before our arrival to confirm our reservation, and reminded the staff that this is our anniversary and we wanted to make sure that we got a clean room. We didn't want to fuss with room switching. The 800 number staff was rather rude and condesending. She defensively quoted that all of the room are perfectedly clean... Guess what - when we got to our room the carpet is obviously stained, and the balcony is full of bird droppings. The bed cover had blood stain from the last guests. I'm sorry about the great review on the staffs, but none of them even knew how to smile. The only person who I thought should have been at the front desk was the garage attendant. Now, she is the spirit of Hawaii that we all came looking for. She has the greatest of smile that went with the attitude, professional, and best of all a great common sense. My wife thought it was the carbon-monoxide. Our teenager thought the pool was a bit small but she loved it nevertheless. Even though the hotel located at the end of Waikiki beach the traffic, both people and car, horrendous, but we loved it. It was great for walking and people watching at night. Along the strip, there are lots little Japanese restaurants and none are of any good. We didn't mind it being over priced, but the quality is well fishy. We tried five in all and for each we took one bite and said our thanks. It was too bad.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriot Rocks! Our stay was quite pleasant and comfortable. We enjoyed our stay very much. In the hotel there was free ley making and a beautiful open foyer with a waterfall right in the middle. The staff was outstanding with their customer service!! It is a few feet from the beach and had an excellent view. We would definately recommend it to anyone traveling to waikiki.!!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mountain77
<Content>Loved the Marriott My new husband and I stayed here the three days we were on Oahu for our honeymoon. We had spent several days on Kauai where there are not any huge hotels and were afraid the room would feel too small. From the moment we entered the lobby, we were very impressed. Everything looked so clean and new and our room proved to be of the same quality. Our standard room was not huge, but definitely comfortable for the two of us. The decor was beautiful - sunny yellows and greens. The bathroom was spotless too. There is a mini fridge so we could have cereal, milk and fruit wach morning purchased from one of the many ABC stores. The 2 pools were clean and overlook the ocean. The prices at the hotel restaurants were reasonable and food was tasty. We will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great. It was a great place to stay. I thought the room service was perfect. And they never forget to say theIR Please and Mahalos. Great rates, and above average activities.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>loves2travel
<Content>Marriott tries its best   showReview(1088714, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great home away from home!   showReview(969937, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ketchikangurl
<Content>Loved Marriott Waikiki   showReview(952531, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marblehead_prospects
<Content>You could do better...   showReview(932012, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice big hotel   showReview(860784, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice location   showReview(853463, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation hotel   showReview(727424, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wonderful Hotel   showReview(646303, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great location   showReview(645670, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great stay at the Marriott   showReview(367883, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇仱銇熴倣銇?> 銇仱銇熴倣銇?</a> </div>
<Content>涓績銇嬨倝銇洟銈屻仸銇勩倠銇屻亜銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(23392664, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>nana0320
<Content>鎵嬮爟銇偑銉笺偡銉ｃ兂銉曘儹銉炽儓   showReview(22905723, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫伅鐩伄鍓?#x201d;   showReview(22856066, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉忋儻銈?#x201d;   showReview(22855466, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銈勩亶銇濄伆
<Content>銉偣銉堛儵銉虫渶楂橈紒   showReview(21425684, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂虫€у悓澹仹琛屻亶銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(21745496, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kenzo717
<Content>銉€銈ゃ儰銉兂銉夈儤銉冦儔銇屼竴鏈涖仹銇嶃倠绲舵櫙銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21334491, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>銇俱倞銈撱仛
<Content>蹇仼銇с仐銇燂紒   showReview(20838426, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>PIYOSAMA
<Content>宸ㄥぇ銉涖儐銉伅銇撱倱銇倐銇紵   showReview(20665426, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>gunnherman
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屻仚銇斻亜銇с仚   showReview(20657977, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yhasebe
<Content>浜烘皸銈ㄣ儶銈仾銈夈仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(20656974, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	5	4	1	1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇忋仱銈嶃亽銈嬭壇銇勫銇с仚   showReview(21744317, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銈嗐亞銇°們銈?> 銈嗐亞銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>鏈濋銇屻兓銉汇兓   showReview(20520931, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Se tornassi a Honolulu sicuramente al Marriott   showReview(20550299, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(20752550, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder   showReview(19635408, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銈傘亶銈屻亜銇с偡銉с儍銉斻兂銈般伀銈備究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19915456, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>钀屻仭銈冦倱
<Content>銉欍儍銉堛亴銇婃皸銇叆銈?#x201d;   showReview(19215817, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>jadelily
<Content>銉欍儍銉夈亴銇欍伆銈夈仐銇嬨仯銇?#x201d;       缍洪簵銇儴灞嬨仹銇椼仧  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇忋倞鍑烘潵銇俱仐銇熴€併儻銈ゃ偔銈伄澶栥倢銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19172989, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱倢銇炪儚銉偆! 鎰熸縺銇満鏈?!   showReview(19172397, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併優銉偑銉嶃儍銉堛儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19169689, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sejour agreable   showReview(14725805, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲愬寮忋仹瀹挎硦   showReview(19168867, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢銇偑銈广偣銉★紒   showReview(19167719, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仚銇欍倎銇с仚   showReview(19166232, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屾渶楂橈紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19165985, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Hotel am Waikiki-Beach   showReview(11657190, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉欍儍銉堛亴鏈€楂橈紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19164922, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪恒倎銇壇銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19164728, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亜銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19164696, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇Κ鍒囥仹銇椼仧   showReview(19164520, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JohnwShaw
<Content>Hotel grande, poco personal y piscinas rid铆culas   showReview(8664341, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	1	1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Friendly 銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19163090, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儸銈ゃ仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19162595, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>楂樼礆鎰熴亗銈嬬礌鏁点仾銉涖儐銉仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19162053, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫亴銇嶃倢銇勩伀瑕嬨亪銇俱仚   showReview(19161931, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傘倛銇嬨仯銇熴仹銇欍倛鈽?#x201d;   showReview(19930463, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈炲父銇簚瓒炽仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19929650, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併優銉偑銉冦儓銇仱銇勩仸   showReview(19929541, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢銇亰銇欍仚銈侊紒   showReview(19929358, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇腑銇с伅瑕忔ā...   showReview(19928582, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈淬兗銉儑銉炽偊銈ｃ兗銈伀...   showReview(19927083, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>骞存湯銇€佸鏃?鍚嶃仹娉?..   showReview(19926971, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併伄鏉便伄...   showReview(19926484, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銈偊銈㈤€氥倞鍋淬伄锛?..   showReview(19925765, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙偑銈偒銉┿儖銈裤儻銉笺伄...   showReview(19923979, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掓硦銇椼伨銇椼仧銆?锛曢殠...   showReview(19923533, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉绘棩鏈汉銇娉婅€呫亴灏?..   showReview(19922680, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕垰涓€鍚屻€佺窂鍕?0浜?..   showReview(19921190, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掑害鐩伄銉偆銈偔銆佹瘝...   showReview(19917831, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈傘仺銆併儚銉偆銈儕銉兗...   showReview(19917678, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰銇唬鐞嗗簵銈掗€氥仐銇?..   showReview(19917582, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銈偊銈伄鏂广伄銈裤儻...   showReview(19916412, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

