<Author>SingaporeSpin
<Content>The reviews don't lie - worthy of its #1 spot on Trip Advisor We booked this hotel because of its rating on Trip Advisor. We were a little nervous about this as our first choice had been to stay on HK Island at the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental. However it did not disappoint. Admittedly, at first we liked the hotel well enough but were not raving about it like the Trip Advisor reviewers. However over the course of the next 2 days it really grew on us. You cannot but help being charmed by the amazing sevice and attentiveness of the staff: * Always greeting you, calling the lift for you, anticipating your every need at meal times * Checking when you would like your room cleaned * Finding and returning the scarf I did not even realize I had lost * Concierge gives great advice and could not be more helpful - booking tickets to Macau, organising a private tour of the island * Room service is FAST and good quality - our early morning tea order arrived in less than 10 minutes * AMAZING food - fantastic buffet for breakfast and dinner and the most delicious, healthy spirulina juices every morning. Fantastic presentation of all the food and a huge variety of deserts, cakes and pastries at every meal* Fantastic lobby service - worth having tea or early evening drinks here* An added bonus for UK travellers - a direct English Sky News feed and English newspapers* The managers are very visible in looking after the guests and the staff and the fact everyone seems so happy to work here makes your stay even betterBasically, you just can't help but fall in love with the place and the excellent staff. It grows on you the longer your stay.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newyorker639
<Content>Fantastic hotel - beautiful rooms and fantastic service I booked this hotel based on the reviews from this website, and it was definitely the right choice! I booked a room for three people (paid 600 HK dollars extra for the third person), and when I checked in, I was told that I was supposed to request a cot online when I booked the room. I said I didn't realize that I had to pre-book a cot and that we needed a cot because we didn't want to sleep in a room with two queen or full-sized beds. The check-in desk informed me that the hotel was totally booked and most of the cots were spoken for because of the holidays. I insisted on waiting, and after a few minutes, they led us up to our room and soon thereafter a butler showed up with our cot. Other than this small hiccup which was taken care of right away, we had a fabulous stay at this hotel. The room (deluxe harborview) had an amazing view of hong kong. The room itself was very comfortable and large by hong kong hotel room standards. The bathroom is huge and really nice! We got welcome tea as soon as we arrived, which is also a nice touch. The only odd thing is that we did not get turndown service but it may have been because we only left the room for about 2 hours in the evening for dinner and the do not disturb sign was on before we left for dinner. The hotel lobby is really beautiful and the view from the lobby lounge is really breathtaking. We had dinner at a restaurant called the Prince Restaurant near the hotel, which a friend recommended, but I wish we had stayed at the hotel because they have tons of restaurant options which seemed popular. I would try the Harborview buffet, Nobu or Spoon (alain ducasse). The drinks in the lobby lounge are a bit pricey, but in line with a 5-star hotel. For the price (~$500), this was a great option!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>buca1uk
<Content>Great Hotel       View from room  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rover10
<Content>Top hotel I can only agree with most other reviewers - a top hotel, perfect location, first class service and a great range of restaurants. I would just offer two tips from our experience. Firstly, the extra for a harbour view is well worth while. Secondly, the extra for the Executive Club probably isn't. This is a mezzanine area offering breakfast, evening cocktails and newspapers etc included in the price. It's OK but probably not worth the price.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Dopanijoso
<Content>Excellent hotel, spoiled by check in experience I booked my stay through AmEx Platinum Fine Hotels which brings a number of benefits including room upgrades, free breakfast, late check out etc. I travelled throughout Asia on the program and got upgraded to a suite in every hotel.Before I arrived at the InterContinental I checked the room availability and saw that they had rooms and suites available at every level so I was looking forward to getting another nice upgrade when I checked in.Instead they gave me a very ordinary, non-harbour facing room and when I questioned the check in clerk, he offered to give me a harbour view room for an additional HK$600 per night, a not so generous offer that I declined.Other than the sour start the hotel did a fine job. The staff were courteous and helpful, the food was good etc. The harbour view from the lobby (and harbour facing rooms!) is unbelievably spectacular.I few small quibbles. Charging over $20 per day for internet access when you charge over $400 per night for the room seems cheesey, when even $100 per night motels offer free internet access. Also there was no make up room card in the room and my room was never cleaned before noon on ech day of my stay.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	1	4	3	

<Author>Stirling0955
<Content>Wonderful hotel in excellent location Just stayed here for 3 nights in a deluxe harbour view room as a stop off before travelling on to Australia. Exactly as everyone on here says, it's a wonderful hotel and the location is second to none. Ok, you're not in Hong Kong itself, but the Star Ferry terminal is about a 5 minute walk from the hotel and the trip across the river costs HK$2.20 (about 20p in UK money!). All public transport in HK is efficient. Leaves on time, is very reasonable and very reliable. Excellent way to travel around. Suggested trips - take the funicular train up to the Peak (or take a bus from the Star Ferry terminal in HK) - have a walk round the Chinese parts of HK and see the markets - take the hydrofoil to Macau and visit the Casinos - go to Landau Island and visit the Po Sin Monastery and the giant Buddha - 8pm light show viewed best from the Avenue of the Stars right outside the hotel. The list is endless....Back to the hotel.....great service, friendly and polite staff. Great breakfast buffet in the Waterside restaurant. Lifts very quick - never had to wait long. Airport transfer service very easy, and although more expensive than the public transport option it made the journey very easy.If I had to criticise one thing it's the lack of bathroom and toilet door locks. Fine if you're with someone close but not good otherwise!If you're going to Hong Kong - stay at the Intercontinental. Nothing else comes close.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JanDeneir
<Content>service Only arriving in the airport, having the pickup car ready,already at that point they know your name, not a munber...I was in the Intercontinental Hotel when in Bangkok the Airport closed. The hotel concierge was aware of passengers being stuck in Hong Kong. Perfect service.The room was extended, they contacted the airline and arranged everything.Like always, the rooms, with harborview is relaxing and most beautiful. The restaurants are super.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MandyCardiff
<Content>Outstanding Customer Service! My Partner and i stayed here for just 2 nights, whilst on a round the world trip. This hotel stay was on the last bit of our trip and we wanted to end it on a high. Wow! what service! The warm welcome and attention to detail is amazing and the staff are so very attentive. The hotel was quiet, relaxing and pure luxury. We had an amazing large harbour view room, we didnt once put the tv on but just kept looking out of the window at the amazing view! At eight o'clock each evening the harbour lights up to an amazing laser light show. Breakfast is buffet style and is very delicious with fantastic choice. I chose this hotel from the highly recommended reviews of other trip-advisor travellers, and they were so right! We would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Symilakis
<Content>IC Hong Kong       View from room  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>expresspak
<Content>Absolutely Flawless Had some trepidation about the Intercon since I wanted the best hotel in the city for this trip and have been disappointed by some Intercons in the past (they can be hit or miss). But this Intercontinental is ABSOLUTELY FLAWLESS! Do not let any past negative Intercontinental experience deter you from booking this hotel! I'm so glad I trusted TripAdvisor and stayed at the Hong Kong Intercontinental!From the moment we arrived, the staff got every detail correct. We were met at the car and taken directly to our room. The woman who checked us in took care of every detail and showed us all the features of the room. She even made a dinner reservation for us right from the room. Within minutes the bellhop arrived with our bags and placed them in the closet. We had a Deluxe Harbour View Room that was stunning...what a view!!! I could have spent the entire stay in the room just looking out the window! The layout of the room was excellent with a very large and private bathroom and it was so quiet I never heard a peep from another room, or guest, or anyone in the hall.Moments later the housekeeper arrived to turn down our beds and ask if there was anything else she could do for us. I said the iPod adapter wasn't playing my iPod (touch model) through the Bose surround sound system in the room. She made a call and moments later an engineer arrived to adjust the system to work with my new iPod Touch. Wow!Any time I passed any employee in the hotel they greeted us, even stopping in their tracks (if they were walking the other way) and bowing and greeting me, before continuing on their way. WOW.At the pool, moments after I chose a lounger to sit in, an attendant arrived with a welcome tray containing a cold towel, an orchid, a little motorized (hand-held) fan, and a pool services guide with a do not disturb sign. Very nice touch... I decided a few minutes later I wanted to move to the jacuzzi area and started to move my things, when the attendant hurried over and offered to carry my things for me. We had booked the hotel's Bentley to take us to the airport at 17:30 and had asked for a bellhop to pick up our bags at 16:00. The bellhop arrived at 15:59. I wasn't ready so I said I needed 5 more minutes. He graciously disappeared and reappeared exactly 5 minutes later...wow. Upon departure I decided to leave my camera (which had broken on the plane) in the room to see how the hotel would handle it. After vacating the room, we went to the lobby for afternoon tea. As we were walking from the lobby to the car for departure, the waiter came running over and said we had forgotten our camera in the room and would we please pick it up at the desk. Nice. We then were escorted to the Bentley for departure and no less than 4 staff member including the manager were there in a line to thank us for staying and to wave goodbye. If that wasn't enough, when we arrived at the airport a uniformed Intercontinental agent met us as we pulled up, loaded our bags onto a cart and escorted us to the airline check-in counter and waited there with us until we finished checking-in. I have to say that I honestly can't think of anything wrong with this hotel...it was excellent and I will definitely stay here next time I'm in Hong Kong. I wish every hotel stay was this exceptional. This hotel is defiitely one of the world's very best. It deserves a higher ranking than I can even give it!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>conceman
<Content>A stunning Hotel A have spent recently a two nights staying in the Hotel Intercontinental. I have got a Deluxe Harbour view contemporary room with a King size bed. The Hotel is fantastic, the atmposphere is simply outstanding, with an hall that is opened on the breathtaking view of the harbour and the skyline of the Hong Kong island's buildings.The deluxe rooms have been recently refurbished and now feature a contemporary design, a big marble bathroom with separate bathtube and wc.The amenities are of excellent quality, and the room setting also includes a 46 inches LCD TV and a Bose Sound System with Ipod connectorThe service is very attentive and professional, I have required the concierge a China Visa and a train's ticket and everything was managed very quickly.In the Hotel there are also two restaurants included in the top ten of the Hong-Kong musts: the Spoon by Alain Ducasse (fusion-french cusine) and the Japanese renowed Nobu.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MikeCSantaBarbaraUSA
<Content>Best of the best Why would anyone stay at the Peninsula?? After my recent 12th stay at the Intercon HK, and many visits to the Pen for meals, etc., that is how I would sum it up. Each time I go, I can see that the hotel has improved more each time--after seeming perfect each time. The staff are a notch above those at other hotels in Hong Kong and elsewhere--bright, friendly, attentive and on the ball. Spot on in every sense of the word.I agree with all the other reviews regarding the pool, rooms, views, etc. I would add one new element I haven't seen here--the Harborside Restaurant. It is the more cafe style restaurant, but world class in every way. Try the dinner buffet. Many items to select from, but the quality is the star here. Almost every item it's the same. Sushi? Yes, but the best I have ever had--even at the best sushi restaurants. Roast beef? Of course, but in this case, the best roast beef I have ever had anywhere. And so on with many of the items. Best I have tasted--and I have eaten at 3 or 4 of the 3 Michelin star restaurants in Paris.(the Verandah at the Pen is nice, but lame, lame, lame by comparison)At the Intercontinental HK, you are in for a treat unlike you have ever had. No disrespect to Intercontinental, but don't pre-judge this one by any other image or experience you have had at another Intercontinental. This hotel surpasses Four Seasons, Peninsulas, Ritz Carlton's and everything else.It is my wife and I's favorite place in the world.I end as I began, Why would anyone stay at the Peninsula?  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mayfair Ranger
<Content>A Room with a View (and a half) My wife and I stayed three nights in a Deluxe Harbour View room at the HK InterCon in early October.The hotel is large. The lobby is simply enormous and the fact that the property is connected to a shopping mall gives it a slightly impersonal feel. However, check-in is exceedingly slick, swift and personalised.The InterCon鈥檚 principal attraction is its views, which are probably unparallelled in HK - but for which you pay, of course. The rooms are somewhat dated but you forget this when looking out of the window. We found our room had a slightly musty smell, probably reflective of the location and climate, but the air-conditioning was too noisy to leave on at night. Bathrooms are adequate, with lovely Elemis amenities. The buffet breakfast provides a more than ample selection of Asian and Western food of good quality with eggs cooked freshly to order. The atmosphere is however rather canteen-like.The gym is modern, well-quipped and clean. The main disappointment for us was the spa - not only is it a little small (surprising for this property) but my wife was appalled to be told that she would have to pay extra if she wished to use the sauna or steam room before a treatment for which she had booked and was paying for.The 鈥淪poon鈥?restaurant, whilst excellent and trendy, was air-conditioned to the point of absurdity. Had we died there (which we might have done, had we not retrieved some thick clothing from our room) I reckon that our bodies would have been perfectly preserved for some years. Come with your coat and scarf.Overall the InterCon is functional and efficient but its value for money is questionable. For that reason it earns only a 4-star rating from this reviewer. It all really depends upon what value you assign to that view.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Moonlight
<Content>Prior reviews are right, this is the best hotel in Hong Kong       Lobby Bar  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>touristwoman
<Content>Perfection The views from the hotel are probably the best possible to see the harbor which is everchanging and fascinating to take in. The service was very attentive, they remembered my name, how I liked my room prepared during the two weeks I stayed there. There seemed to be no request however simple and small that was too much trouble for them, and I noticed large events were gorgeous. The hotel is a wonderful place to eat, spend time in, return to after a hard day work or sightseeing as the location is very easy to transport to and from. The view from the immaculate and hygenic whirlpools, pool and lounge areas where you can also order food and drinks is wonderful, intersting, romantic, engaging and everchanging. As a solo woman traveller I felt completely safe, cared for and attended to as well as if I had been travelling with a companion in the dining areas etc.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SpineyNorman
<Content>World class       They even put your coke on ice!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alison52
<Content>Sheer Perfection Having just returned from a four day stay at The InterContinental, Hong Kong, I can only endorse the glowing reports already posted by previous reviewers.. My husband had wanted to stay at The Peninsula but having looked at the Trip Advisor comments I persuaded him to try the InterContinental instead. I admit to having had a few qualms as we drove up to the front of the hotel (not its best feature and a bit stark compared to the opulence of The Pen.) However from the moment we walked into the spacious lobby with its stunning views of the harbour and were greeted by the attentive, efficient and always smiling staff, we were totally 'hooked'. We had booked a Deluxe Harbour view room but were fortunate enough to be upgraded to a suite - again with amazing views and great facilities - (two large flat screen TVs, BOSE sound system, espresso machine and well equipped bathroom with sunken bath and Bulgari toiletries (Bliss!) It was a wrench to leave the room each day to explore the other delights of HK!) The hotel's facilities were altogether superb but the staff were what really made the stay so special. Whether in the corridors, lobby or at breakfast we were addressed by name and made to feel as though nothing was too much trouble. Incidentally, we did have afternoon tea at the Peninsula but felt that whilst the tea itself was good the hotel was in danger of seeing itself as more of a tourist attraction and Hong Kong institution rather than making its guests its top priority. The InterContinental on the other hand went out of its way to ensure we had a memorable stay. All in all, a memorable experience and one which we hope to repeat very soon!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Trickster
<Content>It doesn't get much better!!!!       Relax in the room  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcyy
<Content>The best hotel in HK       Desserts and drinks in the hotel bar  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OakleyMyers
<Content>The best hotel in the world. It's all true. This is the best hotel in the world. Why?Location is spectacular, rooms are cosy and cool, staff are amazing, food is brilliant.Go there, now!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HERMAN3
<Content>top hotel My wife and I have just returned from a around the world trip.On our last leg we stayed 4 nights in the Intercontinental Hongkong.This is without a doubt one of the finest hotels in the world, the service is excellent.From the pick up at the airport to delivery back at the airport this is a total experience.We have stayed there before, and if anything they have cranked it up a notch.We would stay there, rather than the 4 Seasons or The Peninsula.The location has a lot to do with it.The only negative commend, a constant stream of different staff asking you if you are enjoying your lunch or dinner.they are realy trying to be super attentive.A great experience  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HongKongStars
<Content>GREAT LOCATION, GREAT SERVICE, WOAHHHHH I am so impressed ! Walking to the lobby, check-in, escort to the room, amenities. Great Service.You have to try their bar, great view.The location is great, you are close to the subway station and ferry.I will go again  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Andre_Ottone
<Content>The best Jacuzzi in HK The best Jacuzzi (not the Pool) in HK, with the best harbour view possible. An unforgettable experience looking the sunset inside this jacuzzi with a drink...The room was smaller and not so good as the Peninsula room.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tsiresy
<Content>Great and expensive On a long business trip, I first stayed at the Intercontinental as we didn had time to look for a hotel and I am member of Intercontinental loyalty program.With my associate, we took 2 rooms with harbour view. Waow!! splendid! The only annoying thing is that you have hotel cleaners passing in front of the window every hour. It is a bit disturbing.Apart from that, the staff is very kind, the room is great and quite large, bathroom is excellent and toilets are behind a closed door.Yes, it is a bit expensive, but if you want to be at ease and are ready to afford it in HK, it is worth it!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>TheMrLeigh
<Content>Stunning Views We stayed here for the first leg of our honeymoon and what a fabulous hotel. The rooms are spacious, spotless, all ameniities you would expect, including ipod dock for Bose sound system. We got an upgrade from a plaza view to harbour view suite with jacuzzi and steamroom for less than a third of the published price when I explained to the reception we were on honeymoon and my wife was upset we didnt have a harbour view! (We were also offered a standard room with harbour view at no additional cost!)We ate in the Nobu restaurant, one of 5 or 6 within the hotel which was first class. The conceirge was very helpful on more than one occasion and all the staff were extremeley polite at all times. The pool area is lovely and has two infinity spa pools overlooking Hong Island across the harbour!A truly wonderful stay.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mbgandco
<Content>One of the great hotels of the World Simply one of the best city centre hotels in the world. The view is perfect, service impecible, fantastic pool with an infinity whirlpool that must have the best view in Hong Kong overlooking the bay.The rooms are excellent with great bathrooms and the extra for the Harbour View rooms is a must.Apart from the price it is difficult to find fault although it is not a great place for those with disabilities as the lift does not go down to the breakfast room and there are stairs to be negotiated to the pool area.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iamorgan
<Content>Outstanding InterContinental Stayed at this hotel for three nights. Upon arrival at the airport in Hong Kong, if you haven't booked a transfer you can go to the hotel desk which is located within arrivals -they take your luggage to one of their cars which whisks you straight to the hotel. On arrival, we were directed to reception who took us straight up to our room on the 12th floor to complete check in. A few moments later, a pot of Jasmine tea was in the room as a complimentary welcome drink. Room was very large with a lovely double bed, and a seperate shower and sunken bath.We ate dinner two nights in the hotel, and lunch on day -the Steak restaurant is excellent, with fantastic beef and excellent service. 'Spoon' the French restaurant was also good, with lovely waterfront views, although the menu wasn't really to my taste. We ate lunch in the buffet style restaurant -but don't let the word 'buffet' put you off -the choice was mind blowing and you could also eat off the a la carte menu which was extensive.The pool area was spotless with an outdoor bar to get drinks or snacks from. Throughout the stay, the service was always excellent.All in all, I'd definitely return!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rbmb
<Content>YES! Is this worthy of being in 1000 Places to See? Yes, probably. Very expensive, but all in all wonderful.Great location - fantastic setting overlooking Hong Kong Harbour. Some highlights include: sitting in whirlpool with view of Harbour, and having a drink in bar watching light show (every night at 20:00).Rooms were good considering standard of hotel.Location is great and convenient (nearby to ferry terminal).It's expensive, but worth the experience.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JedH
<Content>Almost perfect and a safe place for typhoon Nuri. We booked for five nights and six days. We are on our last day in the hotel and were hit by typhoon nuri yesterday so we got to experience most of their facilities since Hong kong shut down. We booked through their internet website and contacted them through email. We have ambassador privileges, used the airport limo pick up and drop off services, tried most of their restaurants, gym, spa, laundry/dry cleaning and concierge services. We booked a superior harbourside room, got upgraded to deluxe and had club access.1. Concierge/Lobby 2/5: I should start with the bad which is not much if you are careful. We booked a day tour to Macau with their concierge at the lobby. We were told that there was only one tour company they recommend (who would not drop us off back at the hotel) but we found out that there was another one who would (it was too late by then). We were misinformed by the concierge that it was easy to get a ferry back from macau as long as we have a ticket back. If we wanted to leave earlier, it would not be a problem. Unfortunately, you have to be on standby at the terminal to get on the ferry earlier.The tour company that they recommended was disappointing. They dropped us off the ferry terminal steps and they were collecting their tips by going to each passenger with a plastic bag. I would say that the concierge at the club level was much better.2. Room 5/5: The deluxe room was amazing with a wider range of viewing through wall to wall windows. (not floor to ceiling but I have no complaints, it was enough). There was complimentary water and fruits daily, two robes with slippers, (etemi amenities) sunken bath, weighing scale and butler service. There is no coffee maker so you would have to ask the butler to bring you some. He gives you ice daily and leaves it in the mini bar refrigerator. High tech controls especially for the drapes, turn down service daily. Housekeeping was excellent.3. Restaurants 5/5 for the lobby lounge, 3/5 for Nobu. Amazing views and service for the lobby lounge which I would highly recommend. We plan to try harbourside and yan tou heen today so no reviews are available.4. Club access: 5/5 A must if you use the internet and have frequent small meals a day. Regular rooms will charge 150/hkd daily. Club lounge has free wifi in the lounge and in your rooms. There were laptops for your use. Food is wonderful (local and international 3x/day ), service is excellent and there is a view of the harbour. It helps to have a concierge onsite especially since we were there during the typhoon. The hotel continued to run at full strength and they housed their staff overnight. We were pretty impressed. 5. Airport pick up was excellent 5/5. There were waiting for us with printed easy to read names outside the baggage counter and was whisked to the car (mercedes s ). The driver had water ready and sanitary wipes. He was very professional and answered all our questions. 6. Extras: 5/5 Gym was great (especially that stretching machine), spa was wonderful (we had a massage during the typhoon). They had eyebrow / facial threading, waxing aside from tai na massage and facials. Warm towels were draped over you, private quiet room with professional staff waiting on you.Overall a wonderful experience. We would highly suggest the day city island tour (option of morning or afternoon) by Splendid tours only. They were the professional tour group company we later used. Tips: There is a grocery next door at the mall (selling wine/saki, sodas, exotic and american groceries), an atm machine which takes usa debit cards(lower floor) and a small eatery in the supermarket with cheap great food (unagi, wonton soup). Avoid the other chinese restaurant near mc donalds unless you want exotic food ( i mistakenly ordered their eel which still had the vertebrae). Starbucks is next door as well as a hair salon.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>member14
<Content>Perfect Stayed here for 3 nights- Perfect location, amazing views (room 1210) of harbour. Lovely bed and wonderful bathroom with sunken bath and great shower. Staff extremely helpful  friendly. Would definately recommend this hotel for a luxurious break NB: allow plenty of time if planning to travel on the peak tram at the weekend - We queued for 60 minutes to get onto the tram Saturday evening to access the peak for a meal and on our return waited around 30 minutes, but well worth it!Also, make sure you request a non-smoking room if required, as there are smoking and non smoking floors in the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Grognads
<Content>Without a doubt, the best! We have just returned from honeymoon in HK, Oz and Bali. We stayed in all 5 star hotels/resorts, and without a doubt, the IC Hong Kong was the best hotel experience. We had expected great things from the hotel, given all of the reviews we had read before going. We were in no way disappointed. The service is world-class, the views and amenities fabulous. The food is incredible. There is very little that I can add by way of additional information, in comparison to what other reviewers have posted. However, when a hotel pool (which has outstanding backdrop views) has staff to bring you a small tray with a cold water spray pump, face towels, a do not disturb sign and a wake-up call request form, before your backside even hits the sun lounger, you know you are onto a good thing. I could not recommend this hotel highly enough. While the rates are relatively steep, you certainly get what you pay for, and more (we were upgraded to a harbour view suite).  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>angelamtaylor1
<Content>Loved this hotel My friend and I had a girls week away to Hong Kong and stayed at this hotel. It was great. The location on Kowloon is good. The hotel is large and looks very dated and pretty ugly from the outside but don't let this put you off. The inside is spacious and modern. The staff are very attentive and helpful. The rooms are spacious with good views whichever side you are on. We did not pay the premium for the harbour view but we had a view over Kowloon and towards the Peninsula. The bathroom was massive with nice toiletries and lots of fluffy towels. We had the Sunday Champagne Brunch which is a must. Endless champers and all the food you could want, including caviar and lobster and the best view. The bar area is great and the view over to Hong Kong Island is just wonderful. Each night we would start the evening with a cocktail in the bar overlooking the island with all the buildings lit up and then head off to the island in a taxi. The bars and clubs are definately better on the island but staying on Kowloon is not a problem as the taxi's are plentiful and cheap. Also the spa, gym and pool were really nice, especially the infinity pool over Victoria Harbour where you can loung around watching all the harbour life. I had stayed at the Peninsula the time before but would stay at the Intercontinental again over the Peninsula as it was better value for money, the basic rooms are bigger and better and the pool and views from the bar much better.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ValVil
<Content>Outstanding waterfront views and location Having stayed at HK Peninsula on last trip, we decided to save a little money on this trip and stay at Intercontinental because we had a larger group that required three rooms.Excellent decision. While we appreciated the history and ambiance of the Peninsula, we did not like the lack of views. The Intercontinental is now our first choice for several reasons. The views of downtown Hong Kong are impressive and hit you immediately as you walk in to the hotel. For HK first timers joining us, first impressions mattered and they fell in love with HK right away.We were upgraded to a suite. No reason was given and we didn't ask. In fact, we were not even told and discovered it only upon entering our room. We did book three waterfront rooms for four days, so maybe that was enough to earn a suite? The suite was not just a typical junior suite either...it was a true three room suite with bedroom, living area and dining room. We never did order room service, but the dining room had the best views and it would have been a great decision to dine in the suite.Breakfast buffet was better than Peninsula as well...so overall, we now feel that Intercontinental is better choice and would rate it better. One other advantage...it is connected to a large shopping center.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>KBWong
<Content>Highly recommended!       The view from my 9th floor window  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mills2977
<Content>THE BEST HOTEL BAR IN THEW WORLD quite possibly the best hotel bar / view in the world  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>tliker
<Content>Fantastic views, fantastic hotel I stayed at the InterContinental Hotel in Hong Kong at the end of May and again in mid-June. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay on both occasions. Upon arriving at the hotel you are greeted with sweeping views of Hong Kong by a check-in staff that is very efficient and welcoming. The rooms are nicely furnished with flat screen TVs and reasonably spacious, with bathrooms that have a separate shower and bathtub. The restaurants and bars at the hotel are very high-end. Although I only ate breakfast at the hotel, the restaurant serving breakfast had a HUGE buffet (western  Asian breakfast foods), with tables that overlooked the harbor / skyline. Eating breakfast while staring out at the Hong Kong skyline was a great way to start the day.If you expect to spend most of your time on the Kowloon side of Hong Kong or plan to go to Hong Kong island but don't expect to stay out partying until the wee hours, I highly recommend this hotel. However, if you plan to go out late at night to bars/clubs, the commute back to the hotel at 2-4am can be a bit challenging (taxis don't like to make the trip), so you may prefer to pick a hotel on Hong Kong island.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Suitdude32
<Content>Faultless service, breathtaking harbour views Perfect scores all round for this hotel. I stopped off in Hong Kong on the way back from Europe for 4 days, and will definitely stay at the Intercon again. From checkin to checkout, the service is superb, all staff smiling, enthusiastic, immaculate and with initiative, especially those in the Club lounge. You have to pay extra for a harbour view, but it is worth every cent, waking up to that amazing panorama (as the electric drapes open to unfold the drama on the harbour). I spent a lot of time sitting in the armchair just enjoying the view! After check in, Chinese tea and fruit are delivered with a welcome card. Nice touch. Bathroom very spacious and Housekeeping generous with replenishing full-size Bulgari toiletries. I took quite a load home, and won't need to buy shampoo or conditioner until next year! The gym is very impressive - for a fitness nut like me, the facilities (including a huge pool and day Spa) were heavenly, especially the extensive array of free weights (dumbells) and cardio machines. This is Hong Kong, so there is no shortage of shopping nearby. The MTR (metro, or underground train) is beneath the hotel, but quite a long trek to the platforms - something to note for the elderly, lazy or just plain unfit!Club lounge food presentations were excellent, in terms of quality and presentation. Unlike many Executive Floor or Club lounges which I've tried, this one is very spacious, and located on the 2nd floor, which is the perfect height for enjoying harbour views. Such a memorable experience, I cannot wait to return for Christmas!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goodtrips01
<Content>Perfect view of the harbor       view from our room 1216 junior suite  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cambridgtravler
<Content>I never wanted to leave this hotel We spent three nights at the Intercontinental in HK. We were four in two harbor view rooms with club access. This hotel is fabulous in every way. The views from the rooms are so incredible you just want to sit and gaze out your window. You feel almost as if you are on a ship, the harbor is so close. The rooms are plush with every possible amenity, including Bulgari bath products, lovely.The club lounge has wonderful views and the food is incredible. Great breakfasts, (fruit smoothies in shot glasses, poached eggs on toast, really good croissants!) great snacks, great wine selection (lots of champagne), wonderful hors d'oeuvres. Staff were wonderful as well. This club lounge has a good variety of seating (club chairs, tables, sofas) and TV's in several areas. When Barack Obama was making a speech at breakfast time, we asked to have breakfast in front of a TV to hear him, and we were warmly accomodated.The rooms are incredibly comfortable, with a huge king bed and Bose Ipod docking station, good size desk, an International Herald Tribune delivered every day, and push button drapes. The pool area is amazingly beautiful, overlooking the harbor, with a spa area with infinity pools, a bar area, and a large pool with seating around it, all beautifully landscaped and decorated. The hotel is located next to a large mall that includes a supermarket and drugsore as well as more upscale offerings. It is an easy stroll to the Star Ferry pier, and an easy cab ride up Nathan Road to the Ladie's Market and other cheap shopping. The Steak House restaurant was excellent but the Lobby Lounge (again, that view, and the laser light show every night!)became our favorite for dinner and drinks afterward, with its live jazz and awesome Caesar salads.This hotel was the last stop of a three week odyssey in China. We were exhausted, exhilarated, heads spinning with more information than we could absorb, baffled, tired from hard beds, stomachs a bit jumbly. The Intercontinental soothed us, pampered us, comforted us, in the heart of a fabulous city, with a view to die for. It may be the best hotel I have ever stayed in. As we left, my husband commented, Maybe we should add a club room to our house. Amen.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>asimplejazzlover
<Content>Definitely HK's BEST! I stayed in Intercontinental Hong Kong for 2 nights and it was so fantastic! Perfect location for shopping, walking down to the shopping centers and all the boutiques there. just right next to the harbor. If you'd love to enjoy cruises passing by just outside your window, you might wanna book a harbor view room, which is so good! the view is so fantastic especially when it comes at night. you won't forget the view that the room has! well, staff is ok, nothing special, maybe it's because they are having great numbers of travelers staying in. but i found the staff is quite ok. rooms are big enough. oh, u should not forget the whirlpool here. try it at night! fantastic view at night. outdoor whirlpool. u might also wanna try the dinner at the cafe. pretty pricey but worth it though for the view. well, the hotel is pretty pricey but it has the best that HK can offer.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jojonyc
<Content>Fantastic harbor views Recently visited HK for a long weekend. While on the Kowloon side, the Intercon Hong Kong is worth a visit. We arrived quite late and the check was immediate and hassle free. Spacious room overall, comfy bed, new, flat screen tvs with Bose surround sound, large bathroom. Amenities are Elemis - the Intercon standard. Huge window looks out across the harbor providing you with wonderful views - day and night. Excellent service - very attentive, friendly staff. Helpful concierge. Lobby lounge faces downtown HK with massive floor to ceiling windows making it a great place to have a drink while taking in the magnificent skyline. One of the best hotel gyms I've been to in a very long time. All new equipment, huge variety and plenty of space - you do not feel at all crammed. Large pool - with great bar service - and wonderful adjoining infinity jacuzzi open til late evening - again looks out at the harbor. For those wanting to travel across to Central, it is a ten-minute walk to the Star Ferry so very easy to pop back and forth. Also, taxis are quite affordable and the best option late at night. I liked the hotel because it is not stuffy and for a large hotel, it doesn't have that large hotel feel. If you stay at this hotel, you must book a room with a view. It is worth the extra money. I have stayed at many Intercontinentals and this has been my favorite to date.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>wanderingspoon
<Content>The best of the Best This is a bench mark Property - The best Views -The best Restaurants - Spoon , Nobu - Outstanding Club Floor . Above all outstanding staff With out a doubt the best in Hong Kong Take it from an experienced Hong kong traveller look no futher - It does not get better  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aldogino
<Content>Highlight of Hong Kong visit We have recently returned from a five day stay in Hong Kong at the Intercontinental and feel the experience at the hotel was the highlight of our visit. The views of Hong Kong harbour from our room were spectacular and watching the activities in the harbour highly entertaining. The room itself was nicely decorated and the marble bathroom was certainly large by most hotel standards and had every possible amenity. We signed up for the Intercontinental Club which was well worth the additional charge as it offered and excellent breakfast, tea service and drinks with hors d'oeuvres before dinner. The manager of the club was very helpful with recommendations for shopping, and sightseeing or whatever question we had. The restaurants in the hotel were uniformly first rate. Service was uniformly highly attentive and spoiled us for other hotels and restaurants. The Intercontinental in every way earned the rate charged.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funshine77
<Content>An excellent hotel all-round in an excellent location Staying at the Intercontinental in Kowloon was everything and more than we thought it would be. A very impressive and spacious reception as you walk in - with excellent service to the point of the doors being opened for you from very smartly dressed and polite employees. As you walk in to the reception, the first thing you notice is the Lobby Lounge straight in front of you. With floor to ceiling windows, you are blown away by the view of Victoria Harbour and the Hong Kong skyline. This is amazing during the day but at nighttime when the lights come on, it is just unbelievable and very hard to describe. You have to see these views to believe them.Check in was very very quick and simple. We had a harbour view room, which when you walk in to the room, it's just amazing. A massive (practically floor to ceiling) window, with again the awesome view of the harbour and skyline greet you.Beds are big and very comfortable, with a desk in the room also if you are unfortunate enough to have to work while your there! We did some work in our room daily and it was more than comfortable with a quick Internet connection also.Bathrooms are very spacious with amazing sunken baths.If you like your exercise, we were more than impressed with the gym facilities here. Best hotel gym than I have ever seen. It is split in to two halves with cardio and weights in both and is open 24 hours a day and never seemed to get busy. The air-conditioning is excellent in there too, which I've found a problem in previous hotel gyms. You also get a towel and bottle of water upon arrival in there. Refreshments (ice cold water) and apples are also in the gym area for your taking, with very clean changing room and locker for your belongings.The best thing about this is that the gym is on the same floor as the outdoor swimming pool and the 3 outdoor spas. They were a major highlight of this hotel. The pool and terrace was great - very clean and the right size. The outdoor spa baths are like I've never seen before. They are over-looking Victoria Harbour and it's great anytime of the day (and especially evening) to sit in there with a drink and watch the world go by on the Avenue of Stars and Harbour below. The only downside is that the swimming pool and spa's close at 10pm at night. Personally, I would have liked them to be open until later as you just can't get enough of the view. The 3 pools are set to different heats... 1 warm, 1 hot and 1 bloody freezing! It's worth going in that one though... you can't stay in long but feel damn good afterwards!Tried the I-Spa once and had an Oriental Head Massage... was really good but didn't go to this place again only because there was so much to do in Hong Kong you don't want to be wasting time having treatments.The concierge's in the Hotel really know their stuff. They will help you with anything... literally.The restaurant Spoon is really great but we found the Steakhouse in this hotel the best steak restaurant that we have ever ate in... and we've ate a lot of steaks so that's saying something. Both the food and service here is faultless. It has to be done while staying here.Hotel is only a 10-minute walk to the Star Ferry terminal where it takes about 8 minutes to get across to Hong Kong Island. Very cheap and a great trip across too with immense views. MTR station is also outside front of hotel, which is a very easy and great system to use to get you anywhere. Definitely worth purchasing an Octopus card. You put a 50HKD deposit on it and as much money as you want. Hand it back in before you leave and you get back your deposit and also the money left on it. This can be used for any mode of public transport. It's worth noting that taxis are hideously cheap in Hong Kong. There is lots more to say about this place but these are the main points I can think of about the hotel. If anyone reading this wants to ask me anything else, please feel free to message me.As for Hong Kong.... loved it. Had 2 weeks here and did something different every single day of the holiday. Hadn't realised there was this much to do and see... could have easily stayed another week. Enjoy!  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sherbert
<Content>Wonderful hotel to make our Honeymoon perfect Wonderful Hotel, the corner suite was out of this world, the view of the Harbour was unbelievable.This was an exceptional room. Many of the days we stayed in our room into the afternoon and were never disturbed but a courteous note left to buzz when we left so they could make the room up. These corner quites are great as at the end of the corridoor you have your own personal foyer that only 1 other suite shares.Food in the Hotel was OK, however we found the food throughout Hong Kong to be a little different from what we were used to elsewhere, I feel this was more to the European Palate.Do get the eyewitness guide to Hong Kong and discover those places off the beaten track. We found Kowloon City Garden an absolute find, it's not visited much by westerners and is an absolute find.Just walk around this city for hours on end it's amazing, the hotel is right next to a shopping plaza (Yes Tony and Guy is opening there soon for those who like to get their hair done when on a long holiday!)Stunning location, great staff and just a perfect start to our Honeymoon.We received complementry Champagne and Strawberries with Chocolate sauce, my Husband hates Strawberries, but loved these!This Hotel is perfect, when staying here make sure you have a room overlooking the Harbour as that's what you really go for.I can't wait to go back, and this time for longer!  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jesika10000
<Content>Well worth the splurge! Just got back from Hong Kong and this hotel is so worth the extra $$$! I struggled with the cost initially but who knows when I will be back in Hong Kong so why not splurge! (I did spend a lot on airline tickets so why stop there) As stated before, the views are the BEST. Book a harbour view and you will love the views from your hotel window. The rooms and beds are very comfortable and nice with Bose Sound systems (we had Ipods and loved this system for in room music) The lobby also has impressive views of the harbor and he laser show at night. The food and drink int the lobby are expensive but I don't think anything compares to high tea or a cocktail while watching the harbour activities. The location is also excellent. The Intercon is attached to a shopping mall with great stores and a grocery store. Also attached is the MTR station which takes you anywhere you want to go and is very easy to naviigate (skip the expensive cabs and experience this transit system). A quick walk to the other side of the street for more shopping great restaurants, massages etc. and walking distance to the Star Ferry to cross to Hong Kong Island. Must see Victorias Peak and plan to spend some time there - lots of shops/restaurants at top. The hotel concierge is excellent and a big help. Hong Kong is fabulous!!! Enjoy.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MuchLoveForTravel
<Content>Awesome Skyline View The harbour view room is definitely worth it! Room has lots of nice modern touches. Bathroom is spacious and well lighted. Since it was X'mas time, a box of chocolate was given to each room. The staff at check-in was pretentious. The staff at concierge was helpful and very friendly. Hotel is connected to New World Shopping Centre, which was very convenient to us since we had breakfast there almost everyday during our stay. There's also a grocery store inside the mall so it's great convenience for stocking up on water and snacks.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>roy999
<Content>favourite hotel in the world Love this place and wouldnt stay anywhere else.If youre going to splash out on a top price hotel, you want what this hotel has got:The best views from any hotel in the world? I cant think of any to beat it, you can watch the harbour all day from the huge windows reclining on the chaise longue or from the bed, and also see the promenaders along the walkway directly below.Rooms arent huge but are lovely, with Ipod stereo system, good Tv, lovely bathroom with big separate shower and deep bath. Tea and fruit on arrival. Shame theres no teamaker except in the suites though, at this level I think there should be.Big outdoor pool plus wonderful infinity spa pools looking over the harbour, open til 2200 so try it after dark.Moments away from world class shopping ( the mall attached to the hotel isnt up to much but the whole of Kowloon is on your doorstep). The star ferry across to the island is minutes away.Step outside to view the light show at 2000.Best feature is the terrific lounge which is well worth the cost for the really excellent food, copious included drinks, internet access, and great people watching in the lobby below. Theres a business centre next door too.Special plaudits to the lounge manager Claudia who dealt with a minor quibble we had about service with charm and professionalism, and even sent champagne to our room with an apology which is indicative that this hotel takes its service aspirations seriously . It was busier here than usual due to a trade fair and presumably also the terrible weather the day before we arrived, so the lounge was busy which affected the food service somewhat on one day, and it was a mistake to allow a loud beachwear clad group in the lounge which detracted from the usual classy and calm feel. Otherwise this remains my favourite hotel and the one I always look forward to returning to.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>beccx
<Content>Amazing We stayed here for 2 nights as a stop over on the way back from Australia and it was possibly the best hotel experience I have ever had in my life. We arrived at about 10pm, looking tired and scruffy after a delayed flight from Brisbane but were treated like royalty from the minute we entered the hotel. We were amazed and delighted to find that we had been upgraded from a harbour view room to an executive harbout view suite! We were taken to our room to check in and were stunned by the amazing views of the harbour from the floor to ceiling windows that ran the entire length of our room. Having completed check in, and on deciding to upgrade to be able to use the hotel's club facilities (very reasonable but more of that later) - our welcome tea, fresh fruit and water was delivered. It was only once the staff had left that we were able to explore, yes it was that big, our suite. There was an enourmous bathroom with walkin shower, spa bath, separate toilet and 2 sinks and a dressing area, The bed was enourmous and incredibly comfortable in within the same room there was a lounge area and desk. It was simply the biggest hotel room that I have ever seen. The view was fantastic and we watched the Symphony of Lights from our room one night. As I said previously, we paid to use the Club facilities which entitled us to breakfast, afternoon tea and evening canapes and drinks in the Club lounge. The food in the Club was excellent, a good range of both Western and Eastern options and pretty much everything we tried tasted delicious. The staff in the Club were attentive without being intrustive and seemed genuinely friendly and happy to serve you. We had champagne in the Club one night and our glasses were topped up almost the instant that we had finished! As we'd eaten in the Club we didn't need to eat in any of the restaurants in the hotel but we did have drinks in the lobby bar - the views were stunning and the service good as well. The location of the hotel can't be faulted - close to the Star Ferry, Nathan Road, MRT etc.Overall we had a fantastic stay, we just couldn't fault the place at all. If you're coming to Hong Kong and can afford it, stay here, it is worth the extra and you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>salbags
<Content>The best position in Hong Kong We stayed in a harbour view room with club facilities for 3 days on our outward journey to Sydney.The room had the most amazing full picture window overlooking the harbour and it was like watching a movie, just looking out of the window and seeing the water traffic, plus at 8.00 p.m. you had the best view ever of the light show on Hong Kong island.Paying extra for the club was definitely worth it if you like a drink or 2!!!!!!!!!!!!! Endless supply of champagne, good wines and basically whatever you fancied. Also the canapes and breakfast were excellent.If you want the views, then go for the Intercontinental.We stayed in the Four Seasons on HK island on the way back and would have to say that it was definitely more opulent and rooms were fantastic, but you cannot beat the views of the Intercontinental and service in both was up to the very highest standard  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pengysan
<Content>Fabulous hotel One of the best hotels in Hong Kong. Easily accessible to shopping, sights and public transportation. Magnificent views of the harbor. Rooms were spacious, bathrooms excellent with sunken tub, flat panel TV. Staff was very friendly. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>celi36
<Content>Worth every expensive penny Booked in here at the recommendation of a friend. Was initially reluctant as was considerably more - even for a standard plaza view room - than I was entirely comfortable paying. Especially, as I tend to think about Hotels as bases to explore rather than destinations in themselves. However, the Intercontinental was the most amazing experience and the facilities and location were really the icing in the cake for my trip to Hong Kong.Location was excellent - sitting in the spa pool with its infinity view and watching the star ferries cross the harbour will be one of my abiding memories of being in Hong Kong. As will drinking cocktails in Lobby Lounge which came with most delicious nuts and largest olives I have ever seen! Also, very short walk to Promenade, Nathan Street, MRT, Star Ferry, New World Centre and Harbour City Shopping and Tourist Information.Couldn't really afford to eat here! Which was not a problem as so many reasonable choices close by - including numerous supermarkets in New World Centre, Harbour City and Nathan Road, for quick snacks or to avoid raiding the admittedly costly mini bar! But treated myself to the seafood buffet in the Harbourside Restaurant one night and it was extremely good, three courses, sea food, (The person in line next to be was just filling up on lobster!!) meat courses, including excellant curry and many desserts. All you could eat and then some! Room was very comfortable - with large bed, desk, huge TV with cable, marble bathroom, with big seperate walk in shower. Always clean and everything refreshed each day. Staff couldn't have been more helpful or polite. Probably worth paying for harbour view if you can afford it - but view is also amazing from all public areas of the Hotel.If I had any doubts, had a quick trip to Hotel I had been considering in Causeway Bay on Hong Kong side on my last day and although the views from their rooftop bar were nice - I am glad I forked out the extra cash. It really made my holiday.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ian Phillips
<Content>When in Hong Kong stay nowhere else Probably one of the best hotels we have stayed in for location and spectacular harbourside rooms beautifully furnished. The lobby bar has a huge glass wall overlooking the comings and goings of the busy harbour. The breakfast buffet is the best I've seen and don't forget to treat yourself to dinner in Spoon.......Alan Ducasse famous restaurant for fabulous food and those spectacular views. Stay at this hotel once in your life-time.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>abitofsun
<Content>Some insights- the good and the not so good We started our China trip at this hotel and were spoiled. A wonderful hotel with great service and a must try buffet breakfast that is out of this world! While you're chowing down on breakfast, enjoy the panoramic view of Victoria Harbor, it's simply the best!The rooms are quite large and spacious. The only thing is that the rooms are getting a bit old. But still very clean and well preserved. This is a resort like hotel with outstanding service. Definitely worth every penny!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Overweightretiree
<Content>Great service and great Chinese restaurant. The only negative was lack of drawer space (only three) and oversize hangers limited hanging space in closet. The service on all levels was above average. The concierges are terrific.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ruralwoman
<Content>Fab Hotel This hotel truly deserves 5 star plus, must be one of the worlds best. We stayed for 3 days in Feb in a superb room with breathtaking views over Victoria Harbour and used the club lounge, which worth every penny extra. Wonderful food, fabulous location, helpful efficient smiling staff, spotless throughout with superb facilities. Big yet personal.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ab_roody
<Content>a wonderful experience in Hong Kong This has to be one of the best hotels in Hong Kong. We stayed there for 3 nights in February. We had booked a room with a harbour view and we were certainly not disappointed. The view was spectacular and we could have spent the entire time just looking at the everchanging harbour scene. The Club facilities are out of this world, food is excellent as are all the services. The staff were wonderful and the Pool area is to die for. I would go back tomorrow!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tangerines
<Content>Oh yes......This is the one We spent ages and ages delberating on where to stay in our first ever visit to Hong Kong for Christmas 07, and are pleased to report that we got this absolutely spot on!The hotel is a little on the pricey side, and we did think for just a short while that we wouldn't go for a harbour view room, but how pleased were we that we that we did splash out - as previous reviewers say the views are superb and unobstructed. You could sit and gaze at that view all day, watching all the boats criss-cross the harbour, including the Star Ferries - the ferry terminal is only a ten minute walk away, the ferries whisk you away to Central or Wan Chau on Hong Kong Island in only a few minutes (for about 15p First Class, 12p or so on the lower deckWhen we arrived at check in we found that we had been upgraded to use the Club lounge facilities, which meant that we could take breakfast, afternoon tea and evening canapes, including wine and champagne - all of which were first class, and again with magnificent view of the harbourWe had a couple of fairly minor maintenance problems in the bathroom which were dealt with extremely quickly, and the hotel even left a note to apologise together with a bottle of champagne and some chocolates - a nice touch, since the problems didn't cause us any inconvenienceAll of the staff were extremely polite and said good morning/good afernoon etc, and were always anxious to pleaseSince this was our first visit to Asia, we were highly delighted with the hotel and its location, and also the friendliness of the people generally  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parfro
<Content>View from a wheelchair Oh my, what a wonderful hotel to be staying in! We arrived from the port in a brightly coloured Rehabus specially for wheelchairs (expensive though), to be met by the Director of Guest Relations. She sat us down in the magnificent glass walled bar on the harbour's edge to check us in, with fresh juice, and within a few moments we were whisked up to our very special accessible room. Two bellboys and our vast luggage were already awaiting us.The room faced the harbour with a fantastic view and lots of room to turn. The bathroom was absolutely brilliant and I found nothing extra that I needed. But one touch of the button to call the butler would have brought anything I could possibly think of.There are four restaurants in the hotel, all good and all pretty expensive, but the casual Harbourside was impossible to reach in a wheelchair unless you were taken by a smiling member of staff through the service area, or, if you could find your way, through the Mall attached to the hotel. Worth going, if only to sample the remarkable buffet which stretched beyond belief. But, also, try the elegant Shark's Fin restaurant on the 3rd Floor of the attached Mall - delicious and good value too.The bar faces the harbour and it is worth sitting there for the 8 p.m. laser and light show which lasts for 13 minutes. There are so many things that are wonderful about this hotel such as - the lifts, warning you with a chime when one was about to arrive 30 seconds later, - the smiling staff and the service. I could go on forever! We had a hotel limousine and driver for a day's tour and that was just the best way to get the flavour of Hong Kong. But - our Hotel Loyalty Cards counted for nothing and we could not use the Club unless we each paid a steepdaily price - as we had breakfast in our room rate, it was not worth it. I would definitely choose this hotel over any of the others in Hong Kong, despite the famous names.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>grooveNewZealand
<Content>Stay here if you can This hotel is FANTASTIC. Such a great location. We looked a number of properties to stay in in Hong Kong/Kowloon and choose this property for a combination of price, location and the room being offered. We looked at staying on Hong Kong island but having visited during the stay were so glad to have not. You get the best of the buzz of Hong Kong while being absolute waterfront and by far the best view in the house. The nightly light show is right there and you feel like you could almost touch it. You're also so close to everything. It's about 2 mins walk to the underground, 5 to the star ferry and about 30 secs from the start of the shopping. We were on our honeymooon and decided to upsize for this part of our trip (we'd been backpacking in europe) and stay in a junior suite. I'd like to see what else a 'full' suite offered as this had everything. Each suite comes with a butler service which included really nice touchs like a pot of green tea brought up shortly arter arrival which was a blend to help you acclimatise. We had a corner suite which meant the suite had a two section hallway, the main room (which had a sitting area, bed, corner desk area and views of the island and kowloon) a large dressing room, room with the bath and off this a shower room and separate toilet room. I've stayed at other places where a two bedroom two bathroom suite is smaller.The room also had all the appropriate technology components - great television with a nice bose sound system which was mostly hidden away (good sound without being intrusive - both new ideas for hotels), internet line in the desk area etc. The pool area was perfect to chill out in after a shopping/sightseeing trip and the spa treatments were great. Highly recommended if you can.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChopsterLondon
<Content>Best hotel in the world?! I have stayed here on business a number of times over the last few years (before their rates and my travel budget fell out!) and i have always been very impressed. So much so that I even book it for our honeymoon and it didn't disappoint. My wife was blown away by the place and it was perfect for the 3 days we spend in Hong Kong.The restaurants in the place are amazing, Spoon and Nobu in particular are probably 2 of the best restaurants in the world let alone Hong Kong. The breakfast buffet is also amazing with a ridiculous amount of choice that caters for worldwide tastes.The rooms are very well appointed with large flat screen tv's, ipod docks, Bose sound systems, Wifi and one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. They are also on the whole very spacious particular if you go for the junior suite with dressing room! If your budget can stretch to it go for a harbor view room - what a view - it has to be one of the best in Hong Kong and for a city renowned for its views thats saying something.The location is also good, just a short walk to the star ferry in Kowloon. One of the real highlights has to be the pools. 2 infinity pool (at bath temperature) offer great views out over the harbor - the perfect place for an evening beer!Would i recommend it? Definitely, without a doubt.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sigosling
<Content>Exquisite 5 star luxury       Junior Harbour View Suite  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Moomincouple
<Content>World class performance! We stayed in this hotel in a harbour view executive room for two nights on a combined business/leisure trip. I have to say this hotel ranks in our view as one of the best in the world - maybe even the best. Service is outstanding, from the porter that awaits you at the airport right down to the butler that brings you a fresh cup of chinese tea shortly after your arrival. The location can't be beaten, simply close to everything relevant in Hong Kong. Compared to the ever-famous Peninsula, that is currently surrounded by building sites, we feel that the Intercontinental offers much more value for money. There are some terrific restaurants in the hotel, such as Spoon (Alain Ducasse) and Nobu, both world-class. Overall a fantastic experience, score 10 out of 10.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ciarao
<Content>Superb 5 star Hotel       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Darlox
<Content>The best location on the Kowloon Peninsula! The Intercontinental Hong Kong is a luxury/business hotel occupying the best patch of real estate in Tsim Sha Tsui. We spent 5 nights there as part of an around-the-world trip, and were thrilled with the service and experience we had.LOCATION:The hotel is right at the tip of the Kowloon peninsula, and the lobby faces out over Hong Kong harbor, with a prime view of the nightly Spectacle of Lights. The hotel is right next door to the Hong Kong Cultural Center and the Hong Kong Museum of Art. The MTR Tsim Sha Tsui / East Tsim Sha Tsui station (Exit J) is located directly in front of the hotel, as is the pedestrian/shopping subway. It is a 2-block walk to the Star Ferry terminal. Only a block from Nathan Road, the shopping districts and major markets of Kowloon are an easy walk from the hotel.ROOMS:We had a beautiful king-sized room overlooking the hotel's pool area, with a view of the eastern harbor. The room had an in-room safe, Internet (at cost), power in both European and US voltages/plugs, a large plasma TV, sound system with iPod dock, and a bathroom with both shower and claw-footed bathtub. Each room in the hotel has call service for a butler, and 24x7 room service.FOOD:The hotel has several high-end restaurants by famous chefs, including Alain Ducasse. If you're in the market for a fancy signature meal, you have multiple options. For a more informal dining experience, the harbor-level buffet restaurant provides a palatial assortment of fresh foods, with a focus on seafoods, nightly. But perhaps the most enjoyable venue is the hotel's famous Lobby Bar. With giant panorama windows overlooking the harbor and Hong Kong Island, there is no more scenic place to relax with a drink at the end of the day. In the same area, the hotel offers High Tea each afternoon, and provides a wide assortment of teas and drinks, with multiple food options, including the traditional assortment of scones, savory and sweet nibbles. While not as famous as High Tea at the Peninsula, there's rarely a wait of more than 30 minutes at the Intercontinental, the view is better, and the food is comparable.The only downside of our experience was the hotel's Spa. After several long days of hiking around Hong Kong on foot, my wife and I hoped to get massages. However, the spa had no mid-day time slots available for any treatments for several days, so we couldn't book. Lack of early-morning and evening reservations is apparently a common occurrence for the spa.In a city that offers everything from street food to ultra-luxury, the Intercontinental Hong Kong offers the best of both worlds -- top of the line services and amenities, with a prime location easily accessible by foot or public transport from anywhere in Hong Kong or Kowloon. You won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LindaLouNewJersey
<Content>Great hotel and location       Room 1022 - March 2008  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holiday4246
<Content>great love the service hear now 26 jan on the 4th floor also use the club lounge first class service central for shopping pool is close for repair the food in the hotel is very nice if i was hear longer i would need two seats on the plane to go home every shop brand under the sun need plenty of days to get round we will come back and stay heat again also good pick up service  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NayKat
<Content>EXCELLENT Splurge w/ superior view ~~       Our messy room  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>reddiguy
<Content>Top Quality, but at a Price I like to base my reviews on both quality and value. Without a doubt, the InterContinental has quality in spades, but it is tremendously expensive to stay there.We moved to the hotel for the final three nights of our Hong Kong holiday, after spending eight nights at the Langham Place (see separate review). I鈥檇 booked the IC simply because we wanted 鈥榯he best view鈥?of the harbour, and the hotel really delivers this!Our first impression was that the hotel was not as organised as the Langham Place. Check-in was not particularly good since we were first given the wrong room. We had paid 拢200 (approx $420) per night for a room only, and this included the harbour view as a 鈥榞uaranteed complimentary upgrade鈥?(a special deal we obtained). However, even though I confirmed this with the check-in clerk, we were still taken to a 鈥榩laza view鈥?room.In my opinion, there is no point staying at this hotel if you don鈥檛 get a harbour view room, since that is what you鈥檙e really paying so much for.Suffice to say, on entering the first room, I immediately said that it was not right, showed the printouts that I鈥檇 luckily brought with me, and things were soon changed for the better.We subsequently got the 鈥榗ontemporary superior harbour view鈥?room that we had expected, and it did not disappoint.The room was of moderate size, with two separate beds close together. The beds were very comfortable indeed. The room also had a desk with office-type chair and chaise lounge next to the huge window looking directly out onto the harbour. The window had an automatic drape and blind that could be controlled from the bed.The view was amazing. Whilst numerous hotels have 鈥榲iews鈥?of the harbour, many of these are from a distance or between buildings, etc. The IC is directly on the waterfront, and it almost seems you can touch the water from your room. The never-ending succession of boats and ships pass by so closely, and it is so fascinating you can sit there watching for hours.Surprisingly, there was no coffee making facilities in the room. The mini-bar fridge was so crammed with items (to buy) that I had to remove things to make room for our own cold drinks. We did, however, have a couple of complimentary bottles of water that were replenished each day and evening.There was a large widescreen LCD television, with Bose sound and iPod player.The room was classily decorated in whites, creams, brown and gold. There was not very much space for our clothes and belongings. The wardrobe was fine, but there were only three drawers otherwise and nowhere specifically to put our suitcases.The bathroom was very nice, with a walk-in shower, separate bath tub, and a separate toilet room. Toiletries provided were high quality.I got the strong impression that the hotel mainly dealt with business people, rather than those on vacation. This might explain why everything was so expensive. We literally couldn鈥檛 afford to eat breakfast here 鈥?since they wanted 拢22 (approx $46) per person per day! Instead, we went to the McDonald鈥檚 in the adjoining shopping centre!Everything seemed geared to getting money out of you. All the literature in the room was offering spa services, or butler services, or dim sum, or junk rides, or other things to pay for. Indeed, the primary purpose of the evening turn-down service seemed to be for them to leave even more literature tempting you to spend with them. There was nothing in the room in the way of a welcoming note, or any personalisation at all.The pool area, on the third floor of the hotel, looked wonderful. The large outdoor pool was surrounded by many loungers, cabanas, a bar, and plenty of greenery. It was in shadow for a long time, due to its location, and was hence rather chilly when we were there in November. There was also three smaller spa pools, at different temperatures, on the other side of the pool area, with wonderful views over the harbour. These had glass sides, over which the water ran, giving an 鈥榠nfinity鈥?effect. The staff around the pool were extremely polite and helpful. There were plenty of towels provided.The hotel in general oozes class. The corridors have carpet everywhere, even on the walls, making them very quiet indeed. The lifts have heated rails, and the staff (those that look your way) are charming and polite.Apart from the superb view, the location of the hotel is great if you want to stay in TST. It鈥檚 easy to walk from the hotel to the cultural centre, star ferry, avenue of stars, new world centre, etc. It鈥檚 less easy to get to the MTR, however, since the walk (through a succession of subways) seems never ending! Nevertheless, for location, there aren鈥檛 many places in TST that would beat the InterContinental.Overall, we were delighted with the quality of the hotel, and would recommend it above all others if you want the best harbour view, or if money is no object. If, however, you really cannot justify spending 拢22 per person on a breakfast, you might want to look elsewhere!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lonestar64
<Content>Sadly, I have to report less pleasant experiences about this hotel We are frequent visitors to Hong Kong and are aware of this this hotel in an eye catching location of Kowloon. I booked a standard room there for 3 nights using my Priority Club points, and that maybe the reason of our treatment.I am a Platinum member normally treated at least cordially, but this hotel seems to treat reward stay guests as a act of charity. We where given the smallest room (according to the floor plan, only one such room exists on each floor) on the lowest floor more suitable for a single, with barely enough space to walk pass each other. I expected standard room for reward night means standard like anywhere else I stayed, but not here. We had to call for a tea tray as it was not provided in the room, a kettle was delivered with some sachels of 3 in 1 coffee. Since I do not take sugar and my wife does not take coffee, that was not much use. My wife called the next day to stock the tray with some tea, some tea bags were delivered but without milk...One would think such 5 star hotel can at least provide a well stock tea tray...makes you wonder was it incompetence, or deliberate policy to provide the bare minimum for reward night guests...The view from the hotel is excellent, but if you know Hong Kong, there are countless 5 star hotels with just as good view. Hotels need to provide more that just view/location to attract returning guests, I certainly will not.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>2	1	-1	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>seddon_girl
<Content>Amazing Views and Great Service The view is spectacular - stay in a harbour view room it is absolutely worth it. The service here is also fantastic by all members of staff. Actually felt like they really did care that you enjoyed your stay at the hotel (not often the case).The Chinese restaurant here is very good for upscale and fairly pricey dim sum. The pricey snacks in the lounge are also good, and the cost reflects the value of the view.Not sure if I would stay in TST/ Kowloon again. Really hated most of it, particularly being touted constantly for tailoring/ knock off goods, etc. But if I did it would be here for the view, and the service.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	1	

<Author>hula
<Content>Best Hotel Ever The service here is wonderful! One morning the shuttle for the train left a little early and the bellman ran after it. It is beautiful and kept up in an impecable manner. Many of the employees spoke english. Two days while we were there, there was a typhoon warning. The desk agents explained what we should do and that if we needed help just call them. As we came back to the hotel, the doorman greated us at the street with an umbrella and warm towel, it was delightful.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skinheadfood
<Content>Best Hotel Stay Ever In My Sixty Years       VIEW FROM THE WINDON MORNING.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjedwards
<Content>Wonderful My wife and I stayed for two days. Took option of upgrading to a junior suite. Huge, well-appointed room with a magnificant view of the harbour. Good service and food. Dramatic location of swimming pool and hot pool.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>petertmal
<Content>Fantastic hotel...       View from bedroom window  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GBMember
<Content>Lovely hotel We always try to stay here when visiting Hong Kong, because the views over the harbour are wonderful, and the service is so good as well. We were greeted outside as soon as our car pulled up and led straight to our room to check in. We needed a room early and one had been made ready for us. We chose to book use of the Club lounge, which offers an excellent breakfast buffet, afternoon tea with sandwiches and cakes, and evening cocktails and canapes, which are all marvellous. The staff are also happy to make pots of tea at any time, and welcomed us back as soon as we arrived.The rooms are a good size and the bathrooms are excellent, with separate walk-in showers. The Bvlgari toiletries are very high quality.Only criticisms - the rooms have been refurbished recently. They look lovely but don't have quite enough storage space for two people's things, and we also found the bed uncomfortable.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlexFulham_London
<Content>Great to be back! This remains my favourite hotel to be in Hong Kong. Not quite the class of the Peninsula, or 'where it all happens' at the Mandarin Oriental, but with fabulous views, lots of space and impressive service. This time, I was particularly impressed at the pool to be offered a pool 'concierge' to wake me up at a certain time, or prepare drinks, provide cold towels etc.. Despite being cold, I was given a portable fan. Wonderful touch! Great breakfasts. Only negative was the door-man, when I left, made it quite clear that he expected a tip. All he did was open the door! I had just generously tipped the porter and do not expect to be made to feel uncomfortable when leaving a fine hotel of this exceptional calibre.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sydneysider316
<Content>Great hotel, excellent service!       Dining room with partial harbour view  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pmp007
<Content>Great Views, the best from the outside you couldn't guess what expects you. Regular building without any particular atraction despite being on the waterfront. By the same second the doormen open the doors for you, you will be flabergasted with the lobby view. Wiith 2 floor size glass you have a great view of Vitoria Harbour. The kind of view, you just want to sit and be quiet. For all this you must request an Harbour View Room, unless you be happy only with the lobby. Big rooms, nice and cosy beds. Confortable pillows. Electric blinds. Extra modern sound system. Spacious bathroom room. The breakfast is also with the same view and the food is great. Nice shoppig area inside hotel. 2 famous restaurants NOBU  Alain Ducasse. And is just a 5 minute walk from Tsin Sha Tsui Star Ferry Terminal. Great location and a great hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Chickster50
<Content>Great Harbor View Hotel We have just returned from a trip to China and our first hotel stay was at the Intercontinental Hong Kong. This is a fabulous hotel located right on the harbor. The views are fantastic especially at night and we never had to leave our room to enjoy them. Service was top notch and staff was extremely friendly and willing to accommodate any request. Rooms were plush and well appointed with all amenities. Large bathroom with spa tub. Excellent restaurants. Location is great for shopping - there is a huge shopping mall connected to the hotel and an underground walkway linking you to Nathan Road and museums. The Star Ferry is a block away. Worth the price.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>macca_gloc
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed in the Intercontinental at the beginning of October and was really pleased. The rooms and bathrooms are of a very high standard and are fairly big for Hong Kong. The furnishings are of an excellent quality. Service is very good, just press the butler button and somebody contacts you straight away.Hotel restaurants in Hong Kong are always of a very high standard, which they are particularly so here. However, for this reason they attract a lot of people who are not staying in the hotel, so it may be a good idea to book as they can get very busy. For this reason the hotel lobby area is usually very busy as there are people coming to drink in the lobby lounge with the amazing view across the harbour. The hotel buffet is excellent and it is tempting to be a glutton and eat three lobsters as I did.The pool area is amazing, with views across to Hong Kong island. There is one large pool for swimming and two jacuzzi for lazing around in.The location is great, in terms of views and also getting elsewhere. They do seem to have changed all the access under Sailsbury road, which was a bit confusing after my previous visit 7 years ago, but you soon find your way around and have easy access to the MTR. Tsim Sha Tsui is a great shopping area, however it becomes very annoying on Nathan Road with people hassling you to buy copy watches, suits etc.In summary, this is an excellent hotel with great service and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CPAALP
<Content>Fantastic view! What can I say? I booked the hotel for 2 nights on our way to Australia using our priority points. I had upgraded the room to a harbour view and paid an extra 拢72 and it was well worth the extra! We arrived at reception and were taken up to our room to check in. It was dark when we arrived and this was the best possible time to appreciate the view! I had seen reviews on Tripadvisor and this was one of the main reasons I booked the hotel, but my husband hadnt taken much interest until he saw the view from the room! The window took over a full wall of our room and we were wowed with the view looking over the harbour to Hong Kong island! I was so looking forward to it but words could not describe seeing the island all lit up from our hotel room! As we were celebrating the hotel had arranged a bottle of champagne, fruit and strawberries with chocolate which was lovely.We also upgraded to use the Club Continental room which was nice as it included breakfast, soft drinks during the day and alcoholic drinks in the evening but we hardly used it as we had so much to see and do in Hong Kong.We ordered room service one afternoon and had a feast for about 拢30, the table was set out lovely and the food so tasty! It was so nice lazing about in the room watching all the boats on the harbour, I didnt feel guilty that we still had so much to see outside - I could have stayed there all day!The hotel has an outdoor pool which we went to one night around 9pm and it was lovely in the jacuzzi looking out over HK island. The rooms have bathrobes and they supply towels around the pool area.The temperature in HK was mid 30s during the day and almost as warm at night, it was almost unbearable at times during the day - we kept going into the air conditioned shops to cool down! We went up to Temple Street market at night to browse around the stalls, most sold really cheap copied goods but it was fun to see. I was a bit aprehensive eating in the area but my husband persuaded me to try a noodle place on a corner near the Temple street market and we also ate there the following night. I cant remember the name of the place but it had plastic chairs in the road and displayed the live food. It was full of locals and tourists and was packed both nights, we always say that if locals eat there it must be good! Totally recommend the beef and noodles! We had a drink in the hotel bar on our return, again overlooking the harbour, there was a singer on and it was nice chilling out for the rest of the night eating the summer icecream platter with a chilled beer!I would totally recommend this hotel, if not for the views alone! I could not imagine staying in a room not overlooking the harbour though. We dont usually return to the same place twice as there are so many places to see in the world, but we cant wait to go back, and it would definitely be at the Intercontinental!We have many photos but they are too large to upload, if anyone would like me to email them or ask any questions, feel free to do so!Angela  Chris Andrew  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CVUK
<Content>Easily the best hotel we have ever stayed in! We stayed at the glorious InterContinental for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon in Hong Kong and were absolutely delighted with our stay.Check-in was smooth and efficient and we had been upgraded to a junior suite. Champagne was also provided on arrival, as well as strawberries and melted chocolate which was a very nice touch. The view from our room was almost hypnotic - you could watch the constantly changing vista for hours!The service from all of the staff members was excellent from start to finish, and the concierge was particularly helpful. We also called in to the Peninsula Hotel for afternoon tea and were very glad that we had chosen the IC, as the staff there were dismissive and slightly surly. Although the Peninsula may have a better reputation, they do not have the same attention to detail for service, we found. We also called into the Mandarin Oriental for lunch, but we found it to be less modern than the fabulous InterContinental.Drinks in the bar in the lobby, overlooking the harbour view, were a fun way to round off an evening. And the great views from the infinity pool at the spa were a lovely way to relax from a day's sightseeing. The InterContinental really is an oasis of calm in busy Hong Kong.Highly recommend this hotel - we will not stay anywhere else in HK.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LondonSudha
<Content>Exceptional hotel We stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights as a stop before going to Sydney and it was one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in (we have stayed in a lot of hotels around the world!). After a 40 minute drive from the airport we arrived at the hotel and as we were on our honeymoon we made a point of telling them this and we were upgraded to a junior suite not easily though as we had to haggle for it! The only junior suite left was on the smoking floor which we did not want but we decided to check it out to see if it was ok before rejecting it. We were taken to our room and lead down a bamboo lined corridor and taken to the last set of double doors at the end. We went inside and were firstly shocked by how amazing the harbour view really was it was simply spectacular and as we arrived in the evening it looked even better. The suite was immaculate and had more than we could have wanted - we were even bought complementary chinese tea and fruit to welcome us. Over the 3 days we were at the hotel we visited the ispa twice and I have to tell you it is possible the best spa I have ever been to. We were treated like royalty and had several massages and treatments which were incredible. We also lounged by the pool and took a dip - you are looked after so well everywhere in this hotel. We also ate at NOBU which was also amazing - much better than London Nobu in my opinion. They really have thought of everything at this hotel and even things you would not have thought of! I would definitely recommend this hotel even if it is on the pricey side it is well worth it if only for the outstanding service, view and facilities. I would definitely stay here again - maybe on a second honeymoon...!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>moraly
<Content>Amazing Hotel in the heart of HK Stayed at this hotel for 1 night before a transfer to mainland China for a week long tour. Just staying there one night, I can tell you this hotel is amazing. Our room was beautiful, the service was top notch, the location was perfect( right next to Canton road where all the shopping is), right next to museums, good restaurants ( including 2 very upscale amazing restaurants in the hotel, Nobu and Spoons) Everything about this hotel was 5 star. If money isnt an issue, this is the place to stay. Was delighted with everything about it!PS- if you stay in Hong Kong you Must take the bus to Stanley Market. It is the 'Miami' of Hong Kong, with outside restaurants right on the water and a very fun and large market where you can get gifts for everyone back home!!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skimple
<Content>Best Place to stay in Hong Kong Stayed at the Intercontinental for business, based solely on a desire for Priority Club reward points, and found myself extremely impressed! After looking at other hotels around town, I am convinced this is the best in terms of value and service.The location is excellent, being a 10 minute walk from a ferry port to the island. This ferry port is rarely busy, since most of the traffic and tourists use the main ferry port. That alone is worth the stay. Short walk to the subway inland.Small shopping area directly across from hotel. Foot traffic is busy here, but not overwhelming like the rest of Hong Kong can be. I felt safe walking around the area at night, but did get quietly propositioned by hookers twice.Rooms are immaculate, and the service is exceptional. The lobby bar is great and I had several impromptu business meetings. The views of the harbor from the hotel rooms are beautiful!Highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sanmerle
<Content>Exceptional in every way My husband and I always stay at Four Seasons Hotels with the exception of Hong Kong.We really believe that the Intercontinental is a hard act to follow or beat. The service surpasses any 5 star hotel I have ever stayed in.We had a magnificent suite overlooking the harbour. This is one of the selling points of this hotel. One can lie in bed at night and watch the magnificent light s surrounding the harbour, the boats and the junks that go by, it is so magnificent.The facilities of the hotel are exceptional. The gym is magnificent and very well equpped, with hot tea, free juice and water at all times. The outdoor pool is lovely when you choose to take a break from shopping.The hotel concierge are exceptional, I would say better than any other hotel I have stayed in. I really liked uincey, who really was well informed and gaVE ME GOOD ADVICE ON WHERE TO EAT AND SHOP.The hotel restaurants are the best. We ate at Nobu one night, definately the best Nobu, we have eaten at many including Las Vegas, New York. The view here surpasses all.We were going to go and have Chinese at the Peninsula Hotel one night but were told that the that theChinese restaurant in the Intercontinental was known to be much better and that all the people from the Peninsula come to them. What a superb meal we had.Breakfast buffet every morning was outstanding. The manager of the dining room knew that I loved scones, as I sat down a basket was brought to my table, which he had especially baked for me every morning. Typically these are served at the beautiful afternoon tea.From what I heard the Peninsula is nowhere near as good as this hotel. We met people who were not happy at the Penninsula and said next time they would stay at the Intercontinental.The amenities were very luxurious in the room and the chocolates were delicious. At the press of a button our butler was there to take care of all and any of our needs.I cannot wait to return in the next 6 months.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mutty
<Content>Very Good We stayed here for 3 nights and we had a fantastic view over the water. Just couldnt stop looking at the view. One morning we opened the blind and a cruise ship was going past, felt like it was in the room. The view at night is very nice.We ate in the oriental resturant one evening this was very good.The breakfast was very good, so much to choose from, pastries, juices, cereals. fresh fruit, dumplins, hot food including bacon eggs ect. cheese breads and lots more.On our first day we went to Aberdeen and took a boat along the river to see the sandpanners very good. Then we went to The Peak one of highest parts of Hongkong a very good view of the city from here, we went down by the tram which was good. After this we went to Ocean Park to see the Giant Pandas. Its very hot here so drink lots of water and try and keep out of the sun.On the second day we went to Stanley Market, this was very good and worth going to lots of stores and some good things to buy if you look carefully.We also went along Nathan street lots of shops but you do get bothered a lot by people trying to get you to go into there shops which I didnt like very much but still worth haveing a look.Also went on the star ferry across the water which was ok.Really enjoyed Hongkong and would love to go again one day.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Limosine
<Content>An extremely comfortable stay! My wife and I stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 days. The service and facilities are impeccable. Our harbour view room was clean, spacious and decked out with contemporary Asian furnishings and decor.The newly renovated pool area is fabulous and we could have spent all day there. Three spa baths adjacent to the octagonal pool are maintained at various different temperatures, 18, 30 and 40 degrees. Frolicking in the various bathing areas was a refreshing break from the Hong Kong humidity and air pollution. The hotel is actually under the main departing flight path, but watching the various jets flying overhead in the late evening while lying on a pool lounge was strangely relaxing.The real highlight for me was the buffet breakfast in the morning. I've experienced a lot of 5 star hotel buffets, but this was probably the best I've tried. So much variety that even the fussiest palate is sure to be satisfied. The Intercontinental also has one of the most expensive mini-bars I've encountered and we made regular trips to the 7-11 across the road to get our drink and alcohol fixes. Actually there is a VERY nice supermarket on the fourth (4th) floor of the adjacent 'New World Center' shopping mall. Highly recommended unless you want to pay $10 for a can of coke. On the positive side, plenty of distilled water is provided by the hotel. My wife reports that the Swedish massage in the I-Spa is very nice and decent value also. We would definitely come here again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Yuisa
<Content>excellent !! really extraordinary hotel We stayed 5days and really had a wonderfull time. we asked for a harbor view room and it was breath taking. Food was very good but expensive, rooms were nice size and very confortable. Location was excelent ! I liked it more than The Penninsula and price was much better!!! I'll will definitly go back and stay at The Intercontinental.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>JimmyTheJock
<Content>Is this the best Intercontinental in the world?       Afternoon Tea in the Club  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelmave
<Content>Awesome Hotel My wife  I (mid 40's) recently stayed at this harbor-front property, where we had a junior suite (room 516) that compared favorably to any of the finest hotel rooms we've stayed in. Our room looked directly out on the harbor; at night we left the curtains open in order to enjoy the incredible vista. The bed was super comfortable and the bathroom was quite large, w/a separate tub and shower (the tub's jets were not very powerful). Large closet with safe. Complicated TV/Stereo set-up (we had to call for help!) but great Bose sound system. The hotel is in a great location, just a short walk to Nathan Road, the main shopping drag. The Peninsua hotel is very close by. Need to traverse subway, the subterranean tunnels that connect the hotel to Nathan Road and it was a bit confusing at first. The hotel lobby is gorgeous, with a magnificent view of the harbor. Comfortable but pricey lobby bar. The spa was nothing extraordinary -- not a Canyon Ranch -- but perfectly acceptable and not overpriced ($115 for 50 minute Swedish massage). The service throughout the hotel was excellent. It was extraordinarily hot and humid in mid-August (and this comes from a Ft Lauderdale, FL resident!) but the taxis in HK are incredibly cheap (US$2 to pretty much anywhere) so take advantage of them. We visited the Ladies Market on a late Sunday afternoon and the Night Market on a Saturday night and enjoyed the bartering with the locals over the vast array of cheap merchandise. Unlike Turkish bazaars, where the vendors hassle you if you ignore them or don't buy from them, these sellers were friendly and polite. By all means, negotiate! We also visited the Jade Market and picked up a few decent pieces.We ate at Yan Toh Heen, the hotel's Chinese restaurant, which was good, not great. Generally, we found the food in HK to be on the bland side (Cantonese is not our favorite), but we had a tasty, spicy Szechuan meal at Yun Yan on Nathan Road. We also ate well at Cafe Deco, atop Victoria Peak. A must-do side trip was a visit to Lantau Island. You take the subway to the island and then a municipal bus (modern, air-conditioned -- don't bother with the taxis) to the site of the Giant Buddah. We also enjoyed a ferry trip to Macao and gambled at the Wynn. Very few slots, no craps or three card poker, the few games they play are blackjack and, overwhelmingly, baccarat. We stopped in to look at the Peninsula and Langham, two nearby properties, and while they were both very nice, the Intercontinental had a far nicer lobby ... and that view!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roberta_nyc
<Content>"The" Hong Kong Hotel for New Yorkers       Intercontinental - Hong Kong  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>SBandSS
<Content>Must be the best hotel in Hong Kong... Stayed here in November 2006, on our first visit to Hong Kong. We'd originally chosen another hotel, but changed to the Intercontinental on a recommendation, and proved to be thr right choice. Room was stunning (Deluxe Harbour View), on the 11th floor, with massive bed and fantastic view, straight onto Hong Kong Harbour. This makes it worth the money alone!!The lobby is fantastic - a great place to sit for a drink. Service was simply impeccable, check-in was completed in room, we were met at the door by the staff who knew we were arriving, and simply whisked through the whole process without any hassle. Concierge was terrific, with reccomendations of restaurants, and booking, and giving of directions, with no hassle.Visited the Peninsula, and preferred the Intercontinental for it's location, and general atmosphere - less stuffy and formal than the Peninsula, it seemed to fit the city better, being younger, more progressive, and generally more modern and stylish.Couldn't fault it.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bobsworld417
<Content>The Under-Side of Hong Kong I'm certain that my experience is somewhat unique to my situation, and may seem foreign (excuse the pun) to those that don't fully understand the unspoken complexities of Hong Kong society. For background purposes, I'm a Chinese American that frequently travels to Hong Kong on business. Firstly, for those that don't know, it is generally understood by Chinese people (almost everywhere) that Hong Kong Chinese people employ discriminatory practices against other Chinese people. It sounds strange, I agree, and I'm not sure I believed it myself until I experienced it first-hand at the InterContinental. One morning, while sitting in their lobby and waiting for my driver, with Starbucks coffee in one hand and a scone in the other, I was told by hotel security that I was not allowed to eat or drink in the lobby waiting area. Already seems ridiculous doesn't it? I was told I had to sit in the lobby lounge. It seemed strange to me, as I wasn't the only person eating/drinking in the waiting area, but I did notice that I was the only non-white person. I didn't think much more of the situation as my driver had arrived.The next morning, attempting to follow their rules, which somehow seemed only to apply to me, I sat and drank my coffee in the lobby lounge with my colleague (who happens to be white), who sat at the next table. Strangely enough, the hotel staff specifically approached me and told me that I was not allowed to drink coffee in their lobby lounge; the hotel staff completely ignored my colleague鈥檚 violation. I was irate. Lucky for me... or perhaps for them... my colleague stepped in on my behalf and berated their hotel staff. That evening, I spoke to the manager of the hotel, who acknowledged the discriminatory treatment as something that they were dealing with and apologized for his staff.They've since sent me an apology letter; however, I still feel offended and compelled to express my disappointment, and expose the under-side of Hong Kong society. I'm sure many of you will not care as it will not affect you, but my feeling is discrimination is discrimination no matter how you spin it. Stay if you wish, but know that I have not had this experience at the Shangri-la or other hotels Kowloon.Oh, and I also had problems with the hotel water shutting off in the middle of my shower. For these prices, isn't one complaint too many?  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>Drumnaconagher
<Content>Faultless       plaza view  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anneel
<Content>Best hotel in Hong Kong Amazing! I have been to HK many times and stayed in many hotels and this was bar none, the best experience ever. The service was extraordinary, the rooms impeccable.When I made the reservation via Intercon's website there was no option for two beds, only king bed, but when we checked in they asked if we wanted two beds and provided us with a two bed room. The views cannot be matched and the rooms are fairly spacious for HK.The only, only complaint is that due to construction it is a bit confusing to figure out how to get from the hotel to the MTR and the staff did not seem totally clear on how to get there so we did take a few detours before finding the MTR. Fairly minor.Also, lobby bar is great.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emmajSouthampton
<Content>Fantastic Although on Kowloon rather tha hong Kong island this hotel has a great location was fantastic views. The room was small but had a fantastic view of Hong Kong harbour and was very luxuious with all the amenities you needed (especially the bathroom) and great room service. Staff were helpful and pleasnat and the pool and gym were good.The drinks in bars near the hotel were expensive but much better deals can be found on Hong kong Island, eaisly acessible via a 10 minute walk from the hotel to the underground. We stayed for our honeymoon and even though staff didnt find out until we arrived they sent up wine (much apeaciated given the cost of a good bottle of wine in asia) i would stay here again.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>argcyc
<Content>Simply enjoy the view and hospitality I was in Hong Kong for a brief vacation alone. Stayed at InterContinental for two nights and out of surprise they gave me a suite on the highest floor, 16th. Although not with full harbor view, still a very enjoyable stay.The room is huge (actually a small defect for a lonely traveler as it amply the loneliness), newly renovated, equipped with big Sharp LCD TV and everything you need on the road (to name a few: an iron).Great service, friendly faces. A guy knocked over his drink and wet the sofa chair. The servers quickly swtiched a clean chair for him.Never miss a drink or two at the Lobby Lounge where has the most magnificent view of the bay I'll say, as the hotel is located at a great spot right besides the bay.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Appraiserdewd
<Content>The view is worth it       A night view from the room  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LiebeMom
<Content>Satisfactory I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights from 1 May. My room was on the 7th Floor and was not a harbour view. The view we got was a construction they are doing on their pool/ spa floor.But the room was very clean, very nicely maintained, and big enough for two of us. Since the main concern for me is cleanliness, I was very satisfied with the room.Also the concierge was very helpful in booking our tour to Macau. He was very friendly and very professional.The only fault I found with the hotel is staff at the bar in the reception floor. We went there to have a glass of drink at late night. Tthe view from their big window looking out to the harbour was spectacular but could not see any smiles on the face of staff working there. Maybe they were too exhausted from a busy day, but with the price we paid, we'd have appreciated more friendliness!The location of the hotel was perfect, very close to Nathan Street where you can find mostly anything. Overall I was very satisfied with my stay at the hotel.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>DuncyBoy
<Content>Best view in Hong Kong Stayed here for two nights using Priority Club points. Very nice hotel. There was some refurbishment work going on at the front of the hotel and the pool are but this was still the best hotel I've visited in Hong Kong.Very attentive service from staff. Can't think of a single thing to fault it.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarolineOLondon
<Content>Stunning Stunning Views... I did a lot of research to choose a hotel for 4 nights in Hong Kong on our way home from a month in New Zealand. I came up with this one and never regretted it. The views from either the hotel lobby and baror any harbourside room are simply the best in HK as the hotel isliterally on the edge of the water. You thus have an uninterupted view of the everchanging traffic on the water. Also and this is important. HK is a really busy urban environment as we all know. But staying here you can simply exit the hotel and walk along the waterfront and be away from the constant bustle that is everywhere else. Breakfast was great, food otherwise nothing to speak of, but hey HK is full of restaurants.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ahayer
<Content>Absolutely fantastic!! An absolutely fantastic hotel one of the best i have ever stayed in, the room was immaculate and the staff couldnt possibly do enough for us.. i would def recommened this hotel to anyone thinking of staying in Hong Kong  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cleeclub
<Content>Construction until June We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights at the end of March, using points. Due to a flight delay, we arrived in the evening, tired and hungry. After being escorted and checked-in into our rather small room for the 3 of us, we were advised that the hotel was under going some construction in various areas, including the pool from 9-6pm. We could, however use the pool next door at the Renaissance. ( We checked it out and didn't find it terribly convenient or attractive so we did not use it). The lobby area with it's bar and restaurant is very impressive and service outstanding. The entire hotel staff was professional and efficient. To us, the atmosphere felt like the hotel was geared more towards the business traveler, with just a touch of attitude. We had arrived from Thailand and gotten used to the warmth of the Thai people.The first morning, we discovered that our view was full on of the work site. We were not lucky enough to have been upgraded to a harbor view room, and although we used a hefty amount of points for our stay, we decided not to fuss to change our accommodations. Since we had unpacked and settled in, we remained in our room overlooking the construction site. As it turned out, we were out and about every day, all day, so any noise generated from the work outside did not really affect us. The view from one entire side and most of the front of the building is of improvement work being done.Overall, the hotel has a great harbor location and we had a pleasant stay. We would, however, recommend that if possible, any bookings with stays prior to the end of construction (sometime in June) should be done for rooms facing Hong Kong Island for the best experience.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shirley/John
<Content>excellent       plentiful loungers by the pool  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MissyAl
<Content>Amazing hotel with the best view!       Office area  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>noelab
<Content>Great Location My wife and I stayed at the hotel for two nights in March 2007. We had booked using points and were delighted to be upgraded when we arrived. We were also able to book in at 10:30 in the morning. The room was spacious with a walk-in shower and bathtub. We also took advantage of the Club Intercontinental which provided a beautiful view of the Hong Kong skyline. The staff were incredibly friendly and attentive. The hotel was immaculate. Although undergoing some renovations which our room overlooked, we were never bothered by the noise. A great place to stay with one of the most scenic views of Hong.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>kinggofg
<Content>What a VIEW!!! WOWSA, view view view.Service at the hotel was excellent. They happily kept our extra bags there while we toured around the rest of SE asia.Breakfast was second best breakfast in the world. (Shangri-La has the best in the world)The lobby bar is nothing short of unreal. Just a great hotel. Wouldn't hesitate in reccomending it.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mshootz
<Content>InterContinental's Celebrity Service       After the sun sets, the city lights up.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeventySix
<Content>First Class Service, FIrst Class Facilities       The view from the spa pools  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spurs79
<Content>Outstanding views, service, food and much more - great hotel!! We stayed for 5 nights over the Valentines period and were delighted with the hotel.Hong Kong is synonimous with a skyline along the lines of New York, for that reason we upgraded to a Contemporary Harbour View Room - which is more expensive but really makes the stay. The end wall is a floor to ceilling window overlooking the harbour and Hong Kong Island. By daytime the view is fantastic but by night the illuminated hills and buildings make for a spectacular view. Having ventured around HK I can say without any shadow of a doubt this hotel has the best location of any. The views are unrivaled and it is situated in bustling Kowloon with close proximity to the star ferry (1km) for quick access to HK Island (approx 5 mins).Every effort and more was made by the staff during our stay to attend to our needs and make us as comfortable as possible. The food at Yan Toh Heen in the Intercntinetal was without question the best Chinese food I have ever eaten. We did also venture out to Nicholinis in the Conrad Hotel one night and found the most amazing italian food in opulent surroundings. Both of these restaurants are must visits for any holiday maker. They are quite expensive at c拢130 for a meal for two, Although you can eat cheaper.The SPA facility at IHK is fantastci and we booked a couples room for 1:30mins. This gave us private use of a jacuzzi,sauna and steam bath for 30 mins followed by an hour long chinese massage. Again, I couldnt recommend this high enough. At just 拢120 for the both of us this is a luxury but cheap compared to the UK equivalent.Having now returned form our first visit we would love to return and are looking at ways of incorporating a Hong Kong stay into further asian based holidays.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TerenceWatts
<Content>Superb! Well, I'm typing this in our junior suite at the Intercontinental and I really cannot work out what the recent negative reviewers were looking at. Perhaps they stayed in the 'other' Intercontinental in Hong Kong - the Grand Stanford... can't comment on that because we've never been there.We arrived here on Tuesday 30th Jan 2007 and straight away were hugely impressed. The hotel limousine collected us from the aiport and we were ushered in to the hotel, some 45 minutes later, as if we were royalty! The view from the room is magnificent, the food is excellent - especially in the steak house - and the overall service is polite, courteous and faultless.Expensive? A little - but then you are in one of the leading hotels in a major city of the world, so you would not expect 'bargain break' rates. Compared to the Intercontinental in New York, this place is streets ahead in every way.Ignore the 'nay-sayers' - some people actively search for stuff to complain about... and they must have spent a whole lot more time searching than enjoying themselves!Terence Watts  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hong_Kong_Star
<Content>Overpriced and under renovation We stayed 1 night in a Harbour view room. It's true that the view is amazing, really fascinating so that's a good point. The room itself is nice but would need some redecoration. It's not at the level of Four Seasons for example. You can feel it has lived many years but still, it's OK. It's just not a good value for the money you pay (in our case we paid 3800++HKD/night without breakfast).The breakfast was 560HKD for 2 !!!!! it was a very nice buffet but it's really overpriced for a breakfast. The service wasn't good, you have to wait for your hot drinks and the waiters seem unhappy to be working here... Overall the service isn't good, it's very impersonal.We tried a massage at the Spa, the massage itself was really great. The settings are under massive renovations so it doesn't look good.All the facilities are under renovation, so you should better take this in consideration. It's supposed to last until June.We went to Nobu for dinner and were very dissapointed. The service was a disaster, not only at our table as we overhead other customers complaining. The food is Okay but really nothing special and the prices are really high...So overall, once you enter this hotel you know you'll spend a great amount of money for something that is not so unforgettable.It's a pity as the setting is really unique.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Queenof
<Content>Amazing views! We stayed at the InterContinental Hong Kong for 3 nights from December 14th. We had superior harbourview interconnecting rooms for oursleves and two children. When I first walked into the hotel, I couldn't believe my luck. The lobby and then bar lounge are all open plan with STUNNING views of Hong Kong harbour. I cannot believe that people have criticised the views and can only think they must have been thinking of another hotel! The view from the bar is like that from a movie - somehow it is unreal! Wonderful! The perfect place to have a drink!The rooms were furnished well although not in a really dynamic way. Your standard fixtures and fittings for a really nice hotel but nothing special. The bathrooms were lovely though with massive baths. Anyway, who cares about the furniture not being unique when your room opens up onto Hong Kong harbour. Every minute I spent in that room was in awe of the view!We ate in the Steak Restaurant and it was great. Pricey but then EVERYTHING in Hong Kong is expensive so don't go there if you aren't willing to pay the prices!!! The service was excellent and food fab too. The children had dinners that came in little boats that were filled with dry ice to puff out steam. What a hit!My partner has spent 9 months previously living in hotels in Hong Kong and was convinced that he wanted to go back to his normal haunt of the Mandarin Oriental. I convinced him to try the IC after reading reports and taking advice from a travel agent that The Mandy was a bit faded glory. We went to check out the Mandarin and were thrilled that we were at the IC instead!!!!!!!!!!All I can say is, pay the money for a room with a view and be prepared to spend money if you go to HK!!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>motutoopua
<Content>A highly over-rated and over-priced hotel          Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>CATH4085
<Content>Never Again! On reading BENLEE123's review of this hotel, I decided to take the plunge and book into this hotel over the holidays in a HARBOUR VIEW SUITE as suggested. The room was dated, our harbour view was one little side view. I basicly fell for BENLEE's comments because he/she stated that their favorite hotel was the Four Seasons and so is mine. Better than the FS, NEVER in a million years. We fled the buffet down stairs, however the conciege managed to secure us a table in the Steak Restaurant which was nice. The views are not as spectacular as other hotels in HK and after our stay in this hotel I would never book the IC in any country in the world again. I will stay with Four Seasons knowing that they will provide me with the best service and will compliment my vacation with Four Season style. When I tried to move locations the FS was booked, but we managed to stay at the Grand Hyatt HK and that was much better.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mammoth_snowboarder
<Content>One of the best hotels in the world Low rating for that hotel is a joke. I guess it's overpriced for many,so they give it 2 stars. What a shame!We spent one night on Christmas' Eve here and then 4 nightsfor New Years' Eve. Let me say this again - this is one of the besthotels in the world. Period. We've traveled all over the world andstayed in many great hotels.What makes this one special?1) Location. We stayed in room 1716 which is a suite on the topfloor with a view to die for. It's angled the way you face both frontsides of the hotel so you face both faces of the most amazingcityscape in the world. But even if you don't stay in one of the roomslike that, you can enjoy the view every morning when you takeyour breakfast downstairs, or every evening when you have yourdrink in a lounge.2) Quality. Bulgari toiletries and Hennessy XO in the mini bar.Amazing bed. Plasma TV. Unbelievable jacuzzi and shower.What should i add?3) Service. On Christmas' Eve the streets around the hotel wereclosed for celebrations - thousands of people outside.We landed and the hotel sent a Rolls Royce to pick us up.They couldn't reach the hotel so we had to walk ~20 minutes.They sent 6 people (!) to help us - 3 porters, a lady to show us the way,security people. Is this a bad service? Plus a very personal attention from the manager Elaine,who I exchanged e-mail with before we came. Suchan amazing person.4) Food. Some of the best restaurants are here. Nobu - a new sushirestaurant, Spoon - French. But the best by far is Yan Toh Heen- chosen often as the best Chinese restaurant in the world.We had our New Years' Eve dinner here - an amazing 18 coursedinner with a variety of tastes to die for. Amazing service.Jade silverware and plates. Amazing food.Plus a great breakfast every morning.This hotel deserves 10 stars.Andrew  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Silvertimtim
<Content>Expensive View Hotel is very expensive - you are just paying for the view. This is a great view, but we would go cheaper next time. The room was clean, large, with great bathroom facilities, all the little touches had been thought out and noticed, room service very prompt and efficient. The only downside, was the reception area/lobby/lounge, as there are alot of non-residents coming in for afternoon tea, and it doesn't matter that you are staying there and would like a table, or need a drink, you have to get to the back of the queue and wait. After searching the hotel for another bar area (it was only 4pm) and getting nowhere with the staff we left and went out for a drink instead. Also have to say that when you leave the hotel and wait at the main doors for a taxi, don't expect the 10 or so staff to acknowledge you whatsoever, even though its there job to get you a car or taxi. Just to point out we were staying there for 4 days and each day was the same.... It鈥檚 very disorganized. Now we have done it we will stay elsewhere in future.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>jah123
<Content>Best hotel in HK I had not stayed at this hotel since IC took it over a few years ago. My return was wonderful. The view from out floor to ceiling windows of Victoria Harbor was unmatched from any other hotel in HK (and perhaps in any city in the world). We could almost touch the boats. The walkway in fron of the hotel is great for jogging. The Star Ferry is close by for a trip to Central and we did some of our Christmas shopping in the nearby malls. The best addion is Spoon, which I consider to be the best western retaurant in HK. The service was great and the guest relationship manager sent up a bottle of vintage chamagne for our anniversay. That made the trip memorable and I expect to stay at the IC for my future trips to HK.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>harborcityroadrunner
<Content>SOMEWHAT OVERRATED I stayed in this hotel when it was a Regent. I was anxious to return, but the experience was just average. Nothing particular, but not the great experience I hoped, for. The breakfast buffet was superb, but not at the price of $71pp. You need something other than the great view of the harbor, for these prices.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>blueocean_explorer
<Content>Overrated and overpriced! My family and I stayed at the Intercontinental for two nights. The hotel was in an ideal location with easy access to adjacent shopping malls and the MTR. Somehow this property was extremely overrated. First, I have serious communication issues with the receptionist. They spoke decent English, yet poor Mandarin. It was fine for me to communicate in English with them, yet my mother and sister has a tough time communicating with the hotel staff. I found it to be chaotic that a five star hotel staff could not speak decent Mandarin. On the other hand, I was extremely disappointed at the room I original booked. The Superior Contemporary City view Room was very small with a poor view. The only views one can see are buildings. Yet this wasn鈥檛 the worst part. I requested for an extra bed in the room because there were three of us staying in the room. A few days prior arriving at the hotel, I phoned the hotel and requested the bed to be added in my room at 9:00PM, and the hotel honored my request. Nevertheless, during check in, the reception insisted to add the extra bed immediately. Secondly, the bathroom had leaking issues. Every time, after taking a shower or soaking in the tub, the bathroom is semi flooded already.  During the first night, I informed the reception manager regarding the flaws and I was delighted with the response I received. First, we were upgraded to a spacious Junior Suite with stunning views of Victoria Harbor. On the other hand, the extra bed fee was waived for the entire stay. The room was extremely appealing. The suite has a separate living room and bedroom. Since the room is located in the corner, so one can glare at the breath taking views from both the living room and the bedroom. Secondly, I loved the bathroom. The bathroom was constructed in fine marbles with a separate shower stall, spa tub and steam room. On the other hand, Bulgari bath products were provided. Nevertheless, I still have some issues with the housekeeping. I found it ridiculous that I have to confront the housekeeping staff in an unpleasant manner in order to obtain bath towels. The housekeeping was extremely inefficient. The preceding morning, I requested for towels, but it took four additional calls for them to send the towels to me. It was some 20 minutes later that I received the towels. All in all it wasn鈥檛 up to a 鈥渇ive star鈥?hotel standard. I would recommend you to stay at this hotel if you can get a complimentary upgrade to a suite or a decent rate. For the rate I pay (HKD $3800 per night), I will definitely not stay at this property again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Globespotter
<Content>Glitzy, sleek, lukewarm Stayed here for 2 days Thanksgiving weekend, harbor view room. Really beautifully decorated room, stunning view. Service was professional throughout, but not as warm as Ritz-Carlton Hong Kong or Metropark Causeway Bay Hong Kong. The hotel is very glitzy, glam, with star chef having opened restaurants there or about to...but there's nothing incredible about the hotel besides the lounge (the view! the view!) in the lobby, or the views of the harbor. It's very posh but left me cold. The Lowest Internet Rate Guarantee is misleadingly named; one can find lower rates on the internet, through Web site travel agents (not the instant confirmers like Expedia, etc.). This hotel seems much more geared to charging for everything possible than some local competitors (if you get a locker in the spa, you sign a really charming receipt that says you'll pay 400 HKD if robes and slipper aren't returned. I overheard a waiter in Harbourside restaurant tell a guest who asked for a napkin to carry a couple of small breakfast pastries to finish later that they'd have to charge extra for her carrying out more than one...TACKY!) A tourist class hotel has a business center that allows free Internet usage in bus. ctr.; IC charges $100 HKD for 30 minutes!The room size and decoration was amazing, however, and overall I had a positive experience. But you can get plenty of harbor view if you hang out in the lounge and don't pay the huge extra fees for harbor view; or, stay somewhere else and enjoy a drink in the lounge at night.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	2	

<Author>grimacenyc
<Content>beautiful hotel - very bad customer service experience The Intercontinental was a BEAUTIFUL HOTEL, in a great location and amazing views of the Harbor. Unfortunately, this great experience was seriously poluted by a very negative customer service experience.I was told that room I reserved (King Size / HK Harbor view) and confirmed via phone 1 day prior was not available, made to wait with my wife and our luggage in the lobby for approximately 45 minutes, arguing with numerous employees. The room was in fact available the entire time, and finally given to me 45 minutes later after arguing with numerous employees only after I demanded an available suite for the for the same price. The person on duty did not want to give a suite away for a lower price, and then finally decided to give me the room I had originally booked (King Size/Harbor view). I am not used to this kind of service and getting into verbal confrontations with employees at hotels of this caliber/price range, and this experience gave me a negative and uncomfortable feeling to the entire stay. To date, all Intercontinental Group was offering was an upgrade on a future stay. Not in my opinion the best way to win back a customer that they most likely lost.Other then this experience, the hotel property was beautiful, and the location/view beautiful.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>2	1	5	5	5	1	2	5	

<Author>senojxam
<Content>Faultless. Enjoyed our stay at Intercontinental as a stopover en-route to Australia. At the time of choosing the hotel we spent a great deal of time selecting the hotel with the best view. Upon walking into the Lobby area, we were hit by the most fantastic floor to ceiling windows and breathtaking view of Hong Kong island by night. Check-in was painless and efficient, very friendly staff. As for the room, well... I had booked a Deluxe Harbour View Room - and spent many an hour trying to find pictures of them on various websites. I need not have worried, it is probably the only time I have ever walked into a hotel room and had no other thought than 'wow!'. There is no other way to describe it.Looking for somewhere to eat on the first night of our stay we decided to go for the Hotel Buffet and were seated quickly. It was soon after sitting down that we realised the price given to us of HKD 400 each was quite expensive as all we really wanted was a snack. The bar on the ground floor level was much better suited for this and more reasonably priced with a very casual menu. Perfect! Overall a thoroughly enjoyable stay at the Intercontinental. I can't fault the hotel, and do not understand how it is not rated higher on the list of Hong kong Hotels... almost for the view alone! The hotels rated higher must be very very special indeed!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BENLEE123
<Content>Fantastic and Wonderful Hotel !!       Marble Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SoEtFlo
<Content>Wonderful- Excellent- Best we had in HK The location is perfect, with one of the most famous view in HK. Hotel style great. We went there in July 2006 for our honey moon trip in Asia and we were really welcome by the whole staff. The harbour view room is wonderful and allows great chill-out in front of the bay. Great service, rooms are perfect, It smells very good in the whole hotel. Swimming pool with a marvelous view, Nice beauty center, We went twice during our trip, the first in a superior harbour view room and the second tim in an executive suite. The rooms are great, clean, well designed... The Bar is really pleasant. We really recommend and will definitely go back. I tried a lot of hotels in HK and this one is the best for me. Very good for a romantic trip.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DuffCooperJr
<Content>Still the Best in HK On a recent trip to HK, we had the opportunity once again to stay at the Intercontinental. I really don't understand why this hotel is not in the top 5 hotels in HK. Perhaps its age? Since its remodel I think the hotel is better than ever. The views are still spectacular, service is impeccable and the rooms have now been updated with the latest technology. What could be better. Well this past trip we stayed in a Suite with a view of the entire harbor. The room was beautifully appointed and included a jacuzzi tub, with its own harbor view. The tub was so big that 8 people could swim in ! Needless to say we didnt need the infiniti whirlpool on the 3rd floor, one day we will get there.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PKR
<Content>Wonderful place We have stayed in this hotel 3 times and it is by far the best hotel we have stayed in in Hong Kong (total 4 others). Everything from the wonderful roof top pool to the waterside bar is just superb. Staff are friendly and helpful, cleanliness is exemplary, rooms and bathrooms are spacious, well provided and comfortable (should add, have only stayed in harborside rooms). The location is excellent, convennient for the star ferry (3 mins), excellent art gallery (2 mins), star walk (1 min) outside hotel, harbour view shopping mall (5 mins), metro (2mins).  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcbr
<Content>Fabulous View The rooms overlook Hong Kong harbour and the views are absolutely fabulous. Deluxe bathroom, large contemporary rooms, comfortable beds. Very close to good shopping. I loved this hotel. Also the food was excellent in the restaurants. I had the use of the executive level amenities and they were wonderful too. Very friendly and accomodating staff.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Katedave
<Content>Fabulous hotel We have just returned from our honeymoon where we spent 5 nights at the IC Hong Kong. We had arranged the limosine service from the airport, and when we arrived we were taken straight to the car. Arrival at the hotel was even more impressive. The driver had telephoned the hotel in advance to let them know we were on the way. When we arrived at the hotel we had a row of people waiting for us outside, congratulating us on our marraige and we were taken straight to our room bypassing check-in.The room was gorgeous with breathtaking views. We had a bottle of Moet and strawberries set out beautifully for us, and each day we had fresh fruit, green tea and bottled water delivered.We didnt eat in the hotel of an evening but had cocktails and snacks in the lobby bar. We took advantage of late check out which was very handy as flight home wasnt till midnight.All in all a fabulous hotel, with fabulous serviceOne last thing.................there is always a lift available any time of the day as soon as the button pressed. no waiting for 5 mins!!!!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Purle3121
<Content>Fantastic view We loved our stay at this hotel. Unfortunately it was only one night but we loved every minute of it!We were upgraded to a Junior Suite, which was great. Heaps of room, a lovely view and a fantastic bathroom. The bed was huge and had lots of fluffy pillows. The TV was nice, although positioned right in front of the view (the main reason we chose this hotel). The location is good for shopping - right at the bottom of Nathan Road - although we ended up heading to Causeway Bay for shopping. We loved being right on the water at night though - great view of the light show and so close for a walk after dinner. The restaurant was very nice (although turned out to be very expensive) and again, we loved the view. The staff were very nice and the butler service to draw a bath was a really nice touch.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sipivu
<Content>Great room with magnificient harbour view I stayed 2 nights between China and Singapore.HK hotels were full and the only choice given to me by the Hotel Information agent at HK airport was Suite 1201 at the Intercontinental. (US$500 perr night, I think)Room - Very spacious, with a magnificient viw from the bed.Breakfast - Was not included in the US$20 price of the room! That was exagerated. Don't forget to discuss that at booking time!Service - Excellent.Location - Not too far from the train transfer from the airport or from the ferry to the island. Maybe 200 meters walkikng distance. It is a little long with a heavy bag, but OK if you are in shape.Business center and internet - Excellent, but this is HK and it is not free.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Fabhols
<Content>Excellent Choice!          view from our suite  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy Renovations We had a harbour view room on level 9 which had spectacular views however each morning at 9am we were woken up by the sound of drilling and jack hammers from the floors below and above and the noise and vibration continued all day until 6pm. There was no mention of the hotel undergoing renovations on the website when I booked the accomodation If I had known we would not have stayed there!! For very little extra you can book the Summer Package at The Peninsula Harbour View room with breakfast and two massages included and no noisy renovations. I wish we'd done that.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a fantastic stay Had a fantastic stay at this 5* Hotel. Taken straight to room on 16th floor to check-in and stunned by the unbeatable view of Hong Kong island. The room was superb with probably the best bed in the world! Made to feel really special as this was part of a Far East trip to celebrate a 50th birthday. The Guest relations staff led by Mina Virda were fantastic and considering we have been to the Far East 4 times in the last 2 years we can thoroughly recommend this hotel. It is also a very short walk from the Star Ferry and is ideally placed.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jackmarie
<Content>Breathtaking Harbor Views We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the tail end of a very exhausting two week SE Asia trip. This was the icing on the cake. The views of the harbor are spectacular! We booked a standard room, but because the hotel is doing renovations and the initial room they assigned us was loud, we were moved and fabulously upgraded to a 1.5 bath multi-room suite with a harbor view. The breakfast roomservice was amazing with HK Island in the background! We highly recommend the spa services. The massages and facials, especially. You can also book some private time (alone or with a partner) to use their sauna, steam room, and hot tub. A nice way to relax. The pool and 3 smaller pools overlooking the harbor are spectacular. We were only disappointed that it poured rain most of the time, and so we did not enjoy the pools as much as we had wanted to. We ate at Spoon which also overlooks the harbor. It was a nice treat. The hotel also stored some of our bags while we roamed SE Asia (we landed in HK first) which was really nice.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>D&Fi
<Content>What Views at night!! For our Honeymoon in Feb 2005, we booked a Multi City Tour with a stop over in Hong Kong. We stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel, Kowloon, on the Club Floor. From the minute we arrived we experienced 5 Star service. The staff were very friendly and we were immediately escorted to our room. What a surprise the room was, it was night and our room had a floor to ceiling window with views over looking Hong Kong harbour. The view of the light show from the buildings on Hong Kong island was spectacular. We had booked the club floor and the level of service was beyond 5 star, the facilities and service of the club lounge were excellent, fine wines  champagnes and excellent food. The main bar of the hotel has the most spectacular views of Hong Kong island at night, well worth a visit for a drink. You don鈥檛 need to pay a premium to book into other high profile hotels in Kowloon for views of Hong Kong island, stay at the Intercontinental Kowloon and you won鈥檛 be disappointed!  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RJB
<Content>Far better than you expect from an IC! Spent 2 nights in a 70 sq metre Executive Suite, upgraded from a standard room due to my Royal Ambassador status. The refurbished rooms are fantastic (bathrooms not redone but mine looked pretty new anyway). 37 inch TV, Bose hi-fi / DVD, antiques in the corner, very classy decor. The suite was triangular, with the long side being one long 30 foot window overlooking the harbour - astounding.Breakfast buffet was high quality, albeit very busy. I never tried any of the restaurants, but there are five, I think, including an Alain Ducasse. The staff are excellent here, far better than you expect at an IC. They are copying the Pen across the road, down to the white-hatted door openers and the Rolls-Royce available for hire! The IC may not have the same cachet, but the rooms must be better post refurb, the view is certainly better and it is cheaper.My only issue was that Salisbury Road is undergoing construction, so a 30 second walk across the road takes 3-4 minutes negotiating the subway, which diverts into a shopping centre before emerging! But that is not the hotels fault and is only short-term.Hint - if you staying over a weekend, join the IC Ambassador loyalty scheme before you go. Its $150 to join but you get a voucher for a free weekend night - and a night here is more than $150. You also get a one-level upgrade and a free Pay TV movie, so you can't lose. You can join via the IC website, and there are 3000 mile sign-up bonuses available for most major US airlines FF schemes - the IC forum on flyertalk[-] has the relevant URL's to quality.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! Hong Kong was a short stop over for us for 2 nights, our expectations were truely met and all our needs catered for at this Hotel. This has got to be one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in based on the service alone!The harbourside contemporary room with a view was breathtaking. The room has all of the mod cons that you rarely see in other hotels- Bose surround sound, Ipod docking station and sharp aquos lcd tv.Location is the best, with everything on your doorstep, you even get discount at the adjoining shopping mall!!!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cmgparsons
<Content>The Best Location in Hong Kong I stayed at the Intercontinental HK (used to be the Regent)for the second time in March 2006. The first time had been in 1985 and it was just as incredible as I had remembered....maybe even better!!!!! While most people think of the Peninsula Hotel (across the street!) as having the best location, I disagree. All of the 'harbour view' rooms at the Intercontinental have floor to ceiling windows facing the most incredible view of the very active harbour and the Central district across the water. The 24 hour butler service was amazing, the concierge was always helpful with reservations, directions, etc. Have the hotel pick you up at the airport....well worh the US$100 after the 16 hr flight from JFK (on Cathay Pacific, of course!) The rooms are magnificent, restaurants too. The breakfast buffet is one of the best in the world! It is lacking nothing!!! Tea in the lobby is a must too! Hong Kong is an extremely easy city to navigate.....the MTR system is clean, efficient, safe......DO use it. And the TST stop is just a very short walk from the hotel. Yes, the hotel is very expensive, but very worth it. My only complaint is that they charge US$20 per day for internet connection. That seems ridiculous! Would I go back to Hong Kong? In a heartbeat! Would I return to the Intercontinental? Absolutely!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FotoTex
<Content>Hong Kong Room with The View I recently returned after a one week stay at the Intercontinental Hong Kong, this place shows the rest of the world how to run a luxury hotel. As Ambassador Club member we were meet at the airport and whisked into the night after a 18 hour flight directly to our room for check-in. Great touch after a long flight. The View is by far the best in Hong Kong, the nightly laser/light show is not to be missed. The Buffet breakfast is probably one of the best in the World, The dinner is also impressive. The Bar with the View is amongst the best in the world for view,service,facilites,live music. It is convenient to everything. The pool and spa is world-class also. If it sounds like I am impressed by this place-you are correct. The steak house restaurant is great, and I am from Texas-where we know beef! Over-all this place rocks...  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jess6612
<Content>All about the view Stayed 2 nights and hated to leave! We were so happy with the room--perfect view of the harbor (and the sound and light show which is on every night at 8), unbelievable breakfast which was included in the rate, even a dock for the ipod and great tv to watch the Academy awards. Location was excellent--Star Ferry within walking distance, and many many shopping opportunities near by. Lobby bar for the afternoon tea (also included in our rate)was just so relaxing and there is a separate section for non-smokers. Would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room with the View       View from room  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ECCLE
<Content>be wary of the 'Spoon' restaurant: overpriced and poor cooking We booked ourselves into the Spoon restaurant for my Birthday and despit my husband informing all staff that it was a special occassion, not one person extended any congratulations.We booked ourselves into the sexy sunset dinner - times for which were misadvertised in the local paper where. We literally had our food thrown at us which, we would not have minded had it been any good. The scallops to start were stone cold and very undergarnished, the garden as a main is little more than a bowl of steamed side veggies that in any other hotel you wuld have as a side dish. The tuna was well cooked but was a VERY bad piece of meat. Dessert was terrible - all I can say is thank god for the decent wine lovely company and stunning views. It is the only thing lifting this restaurant out of the doldrums. Beware - it is very overpriced, 拢140 all in and that was at 40% of the normal price. Avoid at all costs and, instead, make use of the drinks facility in the lobby where the views are equally as stunning - but it is much kinder to your wallet and stomach!As an alternative for a special occassion I canot recommend the Peak Lookout restaurant enough. It makes spoon look like MacDonalds!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dtravelgal
<Content>Impeccable, Simply Impeccable I stayed at this hotel for a week last year...my experience was amazing! The staff there is highly trained and ready to meet your requests at the drop of a hat. Try calling the front desk and asking for extra pillows..you will literally hear a knock at your door minutes later. The breakfast buffet was the best...they have the freshest fruits! Enjoy a cup of tea to end the night at the Lobby Lounge and enjoy the fantastic view of the harbor..it's breathtaking. Spoon is a great restaurant probably my favorite...order the set dinner menu..you won't be disappointed but definately stuffed at the end! Yu is great for fish but i heard it's about to close soon because Nobu is moving in. OHH!! the gym for you workout fanatics is incredible....the minute you step on a machine there will be someone there to bring you a towel and a bottle water..the spa is great too! Ask for Judy...she can give a great deep tissue massage! I hope this helps...it seriously is the best hotel in Hong Kong...even the locals would agree.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mrs-Scanlan
<Content>Truly memorable! Arrived as very weary travellers to be greeted by name from our coach and then sraight to our room, where check in took place with tea. Great start! The harbour view room is a must and is truly an awesome view. The room other than that was spacious with a fantatstic bathroom. Choosing where to eat within the hotel was difficult as there is a great French restaurant and a fabulous chinese restaurant as well as seafood and others. The lobby bar gave us yet another chance to sit back and enjoy the views of the harbour. The rooftop pool is not to be missed simply for further scenery and the fact that you can watch the world go by below you!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thepeacha
<Content>Loved the View but Service was not Great No view like it, there is no doubt... but we had to struggle to get it! Booked a Deluxe Harbour View, and expected an upgrade being an Ambassador Club member. Was offered a jr. suite in the corner of the 2nd floor, old room and certainly not the view I came for... lots of sighing as we pressed our point. Finally found a room on the 17th floor but demanded an extra fee for a renovated room which I had booked- I paid it unhappily and will write to IC about this, really absurd. However, the room WAS fabulous, double sized with terrific amenities. The bath was wonderful, plan on replicating it at home. Food was fabulous, by all means do include the buffet as it the best I saw in 42 days of travel around the world. The jacuzzis were very nice and the lobby bar was great, if difficult to get away from the heavy smokers. To sum up, hotel was lovely, service was good once I got past the check in desk difficulties, and all is forgotten once you see the harbour spread in front of you.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definition of 5 star This was my first time in Hong Kong and didn't know where to stay but was given expert advice by people who have visited Hong Kong before.Yes there are more expensive hotels, yes everyone talks about the Peninsula, but the Intercontinental has without doubt the best views of all the hotels.From the minute we arrived till when we left, we were really looked after. Out room was amazing with a sunken bath, large bed, and unbelievable view.The jacuzzi on the 3rd floor is amazing as well.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who visits Hong Kong.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TOskier
<Content>Amazing room!       Welcome gift  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenifa
<Content>Stunning views I may be biased as they gave us an upgrade to a junior suite and a bottle of champagne as it was our honeymoon, but this was a brilliant hotel. The view of hong kong harbour is the best I've seen from anywhere in hong kong.The suite was lovely - with a jacuzzi bath and steam room in the bathroom.The staff were extremely friendly and the food delicious (though not cheap!)The location was good - a short walk to the Star Ferry, Harbour City, Nathan Road. The hotel itself could have better sound proofing - but overall a great hotel.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel back to original deluxe standard just finished a five night visit, the first time since it was a regent hotel a few years ago. i switched from the peninsula after changing travel dates and the pen couldn't guarantee a deluxe harbor view room. i was a bit concerned afte reading a few negative comments about room condition, however i was relieved to see that at least all the renovated rooms are just as nice or nicer than during the earlier times and management. according to the hotel, 65% of the rooms have been renovated, so i would be sure to confirm one of them if staying there. i think the extra money for a harbor view room is well worth it and is the only way to go. would also recommend that you book a rate that includes the buffet breakfast since it's about $40 per person otherwise... that said, the buffet is probably the most spectacular i saw in a month traveling around s.e. asia and hong kong. it does seem that the bathrooms, which are very large and have sunken tubs and a separate shower, are still the original pink and cream marble, but they seem to be in perfect condition. all in all, i really don't think you can top this hotel for location, right along the new waterfront promenade, five minutes from the star ferry, and close to all the action in kowloon. unless business dictates a hong kong island hotel, for most visitors kowloon is where you want to be. the service is up to top deluxe standards in every respect, although in the typical hurry hurry hong kong manner. the large screen plasma tv in the room was a great advantage, with a complete stereo and movie cd system built in, along with a good selection of news and business channels, although espn was in chinese. all in all, i don't think i would go back to the peninsula as long as i could get another deluxe harbor view at the intercon for about $200 less.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anto909
<Content>Great Views, Good Location, Very Good Hotel Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and enjoyed at immensly. It is true that the room decoration and furniture is in a pretty poor state, however the view from the lobby bar are amazing. We stayed in a junior suite and had a wonderful view over to Hong Kong Island. The food was good and the service was exceptional. A good location for exploring Hong Kong and getting the star ferry to HK Island. The infinity pool is anice touch with great views over HK Island. The staff could not have been more helpful and directed us to good restaurants when we wanted to eat out. I would stay again in the future especially when the room have all been refurbished.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>westender
<Content>shabby rooms great view This hotel has that typically outdated foyer which is unfortunately found in too many far eatern hotels. We were in awe of them in the 80's/90's, now we're tired of them.The room, though large, was shabby and in need of a refurb'. Since this hotel went from being a four seasons hotel to an interconti', the service has deteriorated. I understand that they are in the process of revamping the property, but at my time of stay it was awful.I am in Hong Kong roughly four times a year and the only hotels that I stay at are the Peninsula and Island shangri la (which ever has the best rate at the time) they are great hotels in different ways. Peninsula has colonial ambience and wonderful history, the shangrila is modern with equally good service.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average Hotel Stayed here for 4 nights from 15th June. Checking in service top class. Due to re furbishment of hotel we were given an inward facing room. This is ok if you want peace and quiet ,but view is of a blank wall. Swimming pool is also out for repair. I would class this as just an average city hotel situated in an area handy for sightseeing and not noisy even although construction work on the building and road outside is taking place.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kismet007
<Content>Best views in town--and rooms are being renovated!   showReview(3440018, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>IC Hong Kong   showReview(3398535, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dezzydez
<Content>Dated   showReview(3338237, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice staff but rooms are small   showReview(3275549, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best View in the World   showReview(3240130, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Views in Hong Kong!   showReview(2961371, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jhatman1
<Content>Spectacular view. Excellent hotel.   showReview(2905895, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J_and_A_1
<Content>Stay for the view.   showReview(2800563, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roverelf
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic   showReview(2330501, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>groovedigger
<Content>A view to die for   showReview(2317462, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇椼倕銇嗐仺銇?> 銇椼倕銇嗐仺銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銉忋兗銉愩兗銉撱儱銉?#x201d;   showReview(23041329, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sugarbabe5
<Content>璐呮并銇鏅紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(22930894, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Haselbach
<Content>Die Lage war super   showReview(22834714, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>gettough
<Content>銉忋兗銉愩兗銉撱儱銉笺伅瑕嬩簨锛?#x201d;   showReview(22599681, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夊績銇с仚   showReview(22855445, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hir(^0^)
<Content>浣曘仺銇勩仯銇︺倐銉忋兗銉愩兗銉撱儱銉笺伄銇婇儴灞嬨亱銈夈伄鏅壊銇屾渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(21020368, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銇俱伨銇?> 銇俱伨銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銇倱銇ㄣ亜銇ｃ仸銈傘€併儚銉笺儛銉笺儞銉ャ兗   showReview(20611883, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸仹銇?!   showReview(21744309, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇辨渶楂橈紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(20753009, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chiakipenguin
<Content>鐪恒倎銇礌鏅淬倝銇椼亜       Room / 銇婇儴灞?/a>  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戯紣锛愪竾銉夈儷銇鏅倰銇层仺銈娿仒銈侊紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19888656, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tonypolo
<Content>Vistas espectaculares y buen trato   showReview(16483519, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder einen Aufenthalt wert!   showReview(16602258, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈娿仧銇勶紒   showReview(19888296, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19887722, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄棣欐腐銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19887499, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲婧€鍠紒   showReview(19887438, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>whismer
<Content>Parfait   showReview(10062451, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞銇欍仈銇?#x201d;   showReview(19886324, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇犮亼銇倝鏈€楂樸伄銉涖儐銉仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19884955, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶с亶銇竴闈伄绐撱伄銉忋兗...   showReview(22037517, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧   showReview(19883980, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶滄櫙   showReview(19883971, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儍銉併仾姘楀垎銇仾銈娿伨銇椼仧   showReview(19883966, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屻亜銇勶紒   showReview(19883965, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄澶滄櫙銇с仐銇熲槄   showReview(19883957, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(19883956, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ優銈ゃ儊銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19883095, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€瓒冲害銈笺儹   showReview(19883093, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇岃壇銇嬨仯銇熴伄涓€瑷€銇敖銇嶃伨銇欙紒   showReview(19883020, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹㈠銇儶銉庛儥銉笺偡銉с兂   showReview(19882979, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂畨銇忋伅鐒°亜銇с仚銇?..   showReview(22037497, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶у銇婂嫥銈併仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19882529, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫伀涓€鐣繎銇勫缓鐗┿€佹捣...   showReview(19928268, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋兗銉愩兗銉撱儱銉笺儑銉┿儍...   showReview(19927983, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇﹂娓伀鏉ャ仧鏅傘伀...   showReview(19927708, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎲с倢銇犮仯銇熸棫銉兗銈搞偋...   showReview(19926734, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ偘銈笺偗銉嗐偅銉栥偣銈ゃ兗...   showReview(19925927, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞銈堛亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚...   showReview(19925529, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伀婊炲湪銇欍倠...   showReview(19925194, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋兗銉愩兗銉撱儱銉笺儑銉┿儍...   showReview(19924362, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伀...   showReview(19924195, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾銇湰褰撱伀鏅壊銇岃壇...   showReview(19923660, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儍銉椼儷銉兗銉儔銇т簣...   showReview(19923457, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併伀銇ㄣ仯銇︺伅銇濄倢銇汇仼...   showReview(19922701, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1闅庛伄銉°偆銉炽儹銉撱兗銇?..   showReview(19922522, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈併仭銈冦倎銇°們绱犳暤銇с仚...   showReview(19920798, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪恒倎銇壇銇曘伅棣欐腐涓€銇?..   showReview(19920381, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棣欐腐銇歌銇忋仾銈夌刀瀵俱伀...   showReview(19919917, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙嬩汉銇紥浜恒仹銉勩偆銉炽伄...   showReview(19918999, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銈搞偋銉炽儓鏅備唬銇嬨倝...   showReview(19918958, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇嬨仱銇︺伄銉兗銈搞偋銉炽儓...   showReview(19918558, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伄鐪烘湜銇壇...   showReview(19918141, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿偗銈搞儱銈儶銉笺兓銈层兗...   showReview(19917345, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掓硦銇椼伨銇椼仧銆傘仺銇亱...   showReview(19917037, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儶銈广優銈瑰墠銇紤娉娿仐...   showReview(19916680, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎲с倢銇儶銉笺偢銈с兂銉堛伀...   showReview(19916375, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銈裤兗銈炽兂銉併儘銉炽偪...   showReview(19916242, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

