<Author>BRBelle
<Content>International Incident Having stayed at the International House a number of times, I thought I knew what I was getting into. WRONG! What was once a hotel bordering on greatness, is now sliding quickly and quietly into ruinous. While checking in for a two night stay with a collegue, the New Orleans Police Department Crisis unit, paid the hotel a visit... we saw no blood, but heard much yelling. Scary stuff. No apologies from the staff - wonder if they are all well acquinted?We had booked two rooms - one was okay, a little scuffed here and there and some odd stains in the bathroom ... the other room's air conditioner was on the blink. Miserable. They offered us another room on a different floor, it was very small and quite dank smelling. Luckily, the air conditioner by some miracle got fixed in the original room. We also had weird unauthorized charges show up after check out. What used to be a charming offbeat hotel with small personal touches, now seems to need a good steam cleaning, higher wattage bulbs and maybe they will regain the clientele they had originally targeted and stave off the SWAT team visits.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>BusinessGal
<Content>Love the International House!! I stayed during the Voodoo Fest and the hotel was the best part of the visit! Great staff, lovely room, fun bar. Amy, the GM, was super. I look forward to staying again!!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flash049
<Content>Nice hotel, but their parking rates are outrageous I have stayed here many times, it is a very nice hotel. However, the last time I stayed here, they charged me $60/night for parking. I was told that they double (or more) the parking fee for SUVs and they would not change their policy. It was quite a disappointment. So, please be careful of their 'low' rates because they will really stick it to you on the parking.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>puedeba2004
<Content>Extremely nice upscale hotel in terrific location The good:Very tastefully decorated rooms with extremely comfortable bedsNicely remodeled bathrooms with 6' tubsExtremely well located --5-10 minute walk to French QuarterOn a quiet side street (see note below re:construction nearby)Very pleasant upscale bar in the lobby.Excellent attitude and helpfulness of staffVery high quality first class hotel.The bad:Rooms are quite smallGenerator noise in some rooms from construction next doorI just spent a week at the International House and enjoyed it immensely. The room was very nice, very well appointed, though small. Small bathroom with huge tub and all the usual upscale amenities you expect. Best of all, the staff is very friendly, welcoming and willing to do whatever it takes to make your stay pleasant. As I mentioned, there is generator noise from building remodeling next door. I thought it was just louder than normal room air conditioning, so it didn't bother me, but my son and his fiance in another part of the hotel objected. The hotel moved them to a huge penthouse suite at no extra charge. BTW I picked up a last minute deal on this hotel on hotels.com $69 a night, which was an incredible bargain considering my son reserved on their website and was paying $250 a night. The hotel is a few steps from canal street and about a 5 or 10 minute walk to the French Quarter. To help you locate it on a map, it is just down Camp Street, about half a block from the Sheraton. Loved the International House!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JoJ0
<Content>Call ahead My husband and I were stunned to be put in a small room with no windows and a creepy door in the ceiling above the bed. We had booked a deluxe king room. Luckily there was a room with two full-size beds available that we were able to move to. We would have preferred a king, of course, since that is what we booked. But had the hotel been fully booked, we would have spent our weekend in what felt like a jail cell with a door above the bed! If you book a room here, you need to call the hotel directly and be sure that you are not the unlucky people stuck in these rooms, which, in my opinion should not be used as guest rooms at all. Apparently there are 5 of them. There is nothing on the International House website or the third party websites that indicate that these rooms exist... plus there is no price difference.On a positive note, the staff was nice, the hotel was well located, and the lobby was beautiful.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mousie206
<Content>The Best Hotel I've Ever Stayed In (Really!) We stayed here for 4 nights and loved it. The staff was extremely friendly and gave us directions and info on the street car system. They even told us where not to shop so we wouldn鈥檛 get ripped off. Also when we asked that a cab be called for us the next morning at 5:30 AM it was waiting for us when we got there! Never has a hotel followed up on a request of ours before.In response to other reviews the room was small in that it didn鈥檛 have a sitting area with couch/coffee table but there was plenty of room to move around. There was a closet and an armoire for your clothing. I didn鈥檛 find the room dark 鈥?the bathroom seemed dark but turns out there was a tiny intensity control on the light switch which we didn鈥檛 find until the last day. The bed was extremely comfortable and room was clean. The furniture was in good condition as well. The only drawback was the lack of a safe in the room. There were no issues with noise at all and the rooms next to us were occupied. I, personally, liked the d茅cor and ambiance in the lobby. We didn鈥檛 use the bar and the restaurant was not yet open. The gym was very small 鈥?1 treadmill, 1 elliptical and 2 bikes. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JMBINCA
<Content>Not at all worth it My partner and I stayed at the International House for 5 nights for Jazz Fest in 2007. It was an awful experience for the following reasons:1. The room was filthy, dark and depressing. In particular, the decor wasn't at all what you would expect for a boutique hotel. Even though it had been recently remodeled, everything looked really dated and worn. The carpet had tears in it. The furniture was dinged up. The linens looked like they came from a thrift shop. And, to boot, the room was dirty and smelled of smoke (even though it was a non-smoking room). Worst of all, there was almost no natural light in the room, which, when combined with the dreary decor, made it feel like a prison cell.2. The walls were paper thin. We could hear all the noise from the hallway, as if those making it were standing in our room. During Jazz Fest, people are coming and going at all times of the night. If you're trying to sleep, watch out, as you will hear all the drunken wails from those returning from the bars.3. The lobby, while very chic, is usually crowded with those patronizing the bar they have there. It is loud and smells of alcohol. I know it is New Orleans, and one should expect some of this...but, I would have liked a little peace in the hotel after a day of craziness outside. Hard to get given that lobby.4. Front desk staff wasn't particularly helpful. In fact, one of them was downright rude if you ever asked for advice. We tried to get them to tell us the best way to get to the Fairgrounds, and for recommendations on places to eat. You would have thought we were asking for their left arm. I think the issue is that they are under-staffed, and were stressed because they couldn't get people checked in in a timely fashion...much less answer their questions.5. Not the best location. You aren't in the French Quarter. You aren't far from it, but you do have to walk several blocks. In the hot sun, it wasn't always a pleasant experience to do the walking. There are many hotel options in the French Quarter; in the future, I would choose one of these. And, the neighborhood in which the International House is in still hasn't undergone post-Katrina refurbishment, so is pretty run down (unlike the French Quarter).6. Rates were exorbitantly high for what you get. All in all, we would definitely stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>alaboe
<Content>Beware of Parking I went to visit a guest at the International House this past week and valet parked. When I left the room 30 mins. later, we were told it was $30.00. I spoke to the parking manager, the front desk and the hotel manager and was told the same thing. The hotel manager said they do not park visiting guests and therefore you are treated as if you'd checked into the hotel. This was an outrage and unbelievable. The hotel patron we were visiting was so humiliated, he paid for our parking being that it was a business visit and there were 2 of us in 2 different cars! It doesn't matter if you are staying over night or there for 5 minutes, you will pay the same rate of $30.00. The front desk personnel all the way to the manager were not the least bit accommodating or willing to see the ridiculousness of 30.00 for parking, that is more expensive at the Ritz Carlton, New Orleans premier hotel!Be careful of Parking  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	1	3	

<Author>Bbrookrd
<Content>Perfect spot, gracious host and staff at The International House Hotel We had a very pleasant stay for a week at the International House Hotel in New Orleans. It was very convenient to the French quarter, CBD and the Warehouse district. Plus easy access to the Street Car. We booked a room for the weekend before Jazz Fest through the first weekend of Jazz Fest. Very nice bathroom, though the room was small , but very nicely appointed. No view. Quiet, very comfortable bed and lovely linen. This hotel has a most helpful staff. Available, knowledgeable but never intrusive. Great door men. A computer was available in the small comfortable and luxurious lobby. Charming bar that was very much a place to gather away from the hordes of tourist. My 93 year old exceptionally well traveled Mom thought it was a tad dark, but loved it none the less. Our only complaint was that there was no restaurant in the hotel, but I was told that a new one would be opening this fall. Not that we needed more food. Oh my! Great food nearby. We loved the art opening by a fine photographer of some works taken of a few of Nola's great musicians with complimentary wine served in the lobby one afternoon. Nice touch. We will be back again to this special hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bogwurst
<Content>Good enough Stayed there at the rate of USD 79.37 - very good value for money. Normal-sized room, but the bathroom was pretty spacious. LOVED the oversized tub, the shower head though was a little shady. Not sure if it was lowflow or if the pressure was just weak, but I hated that shower head.Front Desk staff professional and friendly. Room was clean enough. Had a small gym and a nice bar. It was really really good value for money at that rate. I've stayed in USD 100 hotels that look like a dump. I recommend this place.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TomandMarkNewYork
<Content>Great Location       Seating area in bar  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	5	

<Author>spindletree
<Content>Mixed bag This is NEARLY a really nice place to stay -- on the plus side, the room was very clean, nice quality linens, Aveda products in the bath, and a very attractive lobby. Also a fine location, quiet but easy walk to French Quarter or Warehouse district. But it is NOT anywhere near a luxury hotel as per their claim, at least in the standard rooms - our so-called Queen deluxe room was tiny, with a soft and lumpy double bed. I called to ask for another room, and was told that all the beds are the same. The upgrade to King would have cost another $100! (I'm not a large person, just don't like to roll into my husband in the middle of a sagging mattress). breakfast involved granola bars, a few apples and oranges, and terrible coffee. Shower only, no bathtub, no pool on premises, efficient but unenthused staff. Kind of disappointing all in all - it's such a fun city that you can easily get exhausted! -- it would be great to have a better room to relax in.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>JD212
<Content>Loved the International House I was in town for the Essence Music Festival, but I now know I don't need a special reason to visit New Orleans. The room was great, the staff was courteous (really enjoyed chatting with the doorman, although I didn't get his name) and I now know where I'll be staying any time I'm in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>stoopswats
<Content>Not Impressed Hotel is not for the business traveler. No desk in room, lighting is poor. There was a fire alarm, maybe its all the candels burning in the lobby, and a fire door closed off my room and no one could open it for almost two hours. Gave me three drink tickets for my inconvenience. No restaurant a minus. Coffee and fruit available, coffee is awful. My toilet ran every time it was flushed, call the desk numerous times, no one fixed it. Wasting water on their dime not mine.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	3	2	1	

<Author>D0ct0r_L
<Content>Extremely Dissappointed Repeat Customer Stayed at International House pre-Katrina and it was FABULOUS. Stayed for 5 nights for a conference which included the last weekend of Jazz Fest 2008 and was down-right disgusted. Mod hotels (worth $359/night - yes, that's right, was Jazz Fest) should be impeccably clean- it was NOT. Tiles cracked in elevators and foyer, walls need painting, one handle missing on hotel's entry doors (for the whole week?), stains on carpets in the room, no minibar, etc, etc.... The first night I arrived, I got my own luggage out of the trunk of the cab (while the bellman with attitude watched me), then was given a room with no windows and a metal roof escape door in the ceiling. It rained and I got no sleep at all. The second night they moved me to LOFT 523 (sister property) across the street and put me in another dirty room over the bar. Again (although I am coming in at 1-2 AM), got no sleep due to people shouting at each other outside the bar all night! The third night, they moved me back to International House (after Jazz Fester's left) and I finally got some sleep. Friends stayed at Loew's - had great views, superclean rooms, great service, CHEAPER price. Pluses: the manager (although the rest of staff cannot make a decision without him), the bar drinks (although really slow in coming), ran into Tommy Lee at the bar and got a great photo with him. ROCK ON! but stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>Andbod1
<Content>Great! Would stay there again! I got a great deal on this hotel - $79 a night, so I gave it a try - why not! I was very impressed by the quality of the hotel, especially for the price I got. It is literally about a minute or two walk and you're in the heart of the French Quarter area - GREAT!As for not having a restaurant, that was not a problem for me. There are SOOOO many great places to eat and try in New Orleans, I would be very surprised that anyone would want to eat a meal in their hotel. You are in New Orleans - get out and experience the cuisine of New Orleans! There are more places to eat than we had time for, so there's plenty of new places to eat when we return.And, you are in the party capital of the U.S., so why would you want to spend your time in a hotel room? I was looking for something reasonable in price and decent enough to sleep in - I got a lot more, considering some of the places I've stayed at that price. It is very, very nice.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SGorvitz
<Content>Fine International House's best asset is its location. Very central, but also off the main streets, so the rooms are relatively quiet. The big disadvantage is the lack of restaurant.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CATrvl08
<Content>Nice Location, Cute Decor I stayed here for a business covention. The property is unique, cute and trendy. The rooms are little dark, but other than that it was a nice stay. It was centrally located so we could walk to everywhere we needed to get to. I would definitely stay here again on a return trip. Try Le Phare bar down the street, nice spot for drinks.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>uglyagnes
<Content>I'd stay there again. I called the hotel and got a rate of $119 (Plus $30 a night parking fee) for that price I would say the hotel was above average. I didn't have any problems checking in. The valet serviece was a little slow for the price, but its a busy street so you can't expect too much. The French Quarter is just a 10 minute walk and the Hotel is a safe and quieter neighborhood. The Queen Deluxe room was clean and modern, maybe a little small but ok for two people. The bathroom and shower and were nice, and we were restocked with aveda products everyday. The halls were very dark, and the room was somewhat dark too. The bathroom has a dimmer switch which we didn't find until the 2nd day, as the bathroom was getting darker and darker and darker...  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>fellow_traveler2
<Content>Small modest rooms, neutral review The room was not ready for check in when I arrived around 12:30pm--I had specifically requested for this several days in advance and the response was confirmatory. I was relegated to freshen up in the lobby restroom before heading out. While I appreciate the personal messages welcoming me later on, the first impression is important. They were prompt about unclogging the shower drain. On that note, there is little/no water pressure in the shower.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Reviewer71
<Content>Very satisfied I had to stay in New Orleans for 3 nights during a conference, held at the Sheraton, which is just 50 yards away on Canal St. The Sheraton was almost twice as expensive, so I decided for the this one, and I am happy with my choice. The room was clean and perfectly adequate. I asked for a quiet room and I got it. The lobby is very nice and it has a small but very lively and trendy bar which I never went to, but was clearly popular among a nice crowd every night. The hotel is 5-10 minutes away from the French Quarter and the service was friendly and cooperative. My room was not cleaned the last night I stayed but I didn't care that much. Overall a very good choice. The only problem is that Canal street has very poor dining options but, again, the French Quarter is very nearby.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Faience44
<Content>Good location, largely unremarkable This is an unremarkable hotel that didn't really make an impression on me. The location is great -- just five minutes from the French Quarter. The room was all right, although there was some noise from the air conditioning, the large fan above the bed and the toilets/showers/baths being used by other guests. The bathroom lights were on the lowest setting possible which meant I had to have my own shower pretty much in the dark. Only once I'd left did a colleague point out that there was a small lever next to the bathroom light switch which you could use to control the lighting.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>calendar1
<Content>Perfect location, perfect staff My husband and I just took our first trip to New Orleans. Having read many of the reviews on this site, I decided to book the International House. It was the best decision I could have made. The hotel is located across the street from the French Quarter, and a short block to the St. Charles trolley. The hotel is very quiet, clean, and the staff was very knowledgeable. We berated the front desk with questions about restaurants, tours, and live music venues- they were spot on about everything. The only downside is that their breakfast consists of granola bars and cold coffee. I would stay there again on my next trip.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sondrad
<Content>a fun and friendly change from the cookie cutter hotels If you are familiar with hotels in europe, this one compares with more perks and better service.The hotel was MOST accomodating. We booked a four night weekend (Thursday thru Monday) through a third party website. After reading reviews here, I began to be concerned, because we were traveling as three...my daughter, my husband and I, in viewing her chosen new university Loyola. I did not want to be cramped in a small room or disappointed as we showed off the city to our daughter. I emailed them our information and asking for a larger room if possible and they wrote right back. The hotel could not have been nicer. They confirmed we were in a large superior double. They even offered to arrange a car service to pick us up at the airport, as we were arriving late on a Thursday evening. We had already gone ahead and booked a service, which the hotel confirmed was very reputable when I asked them for a reference.We arrived at about 11PM on Thursday evening. What a comfort to have low lighting, luscious smelling candles in the foyer and friendly faces to greet us after a long day. A group of guests, gathered around the large ottoman in the foyer, listening to a young girl and her guitar, gestured for us to join them. We would have loved to, had we not wanted so very much to change, unpack and find a nice corner in the inviting bar, Loa, in the lobby to unwind.Check in was a breeze. The doorman/security/bell captain, had our bags out of the sedan and into the hands of a very polite, friendly and capable bell service man, who carried them to our room, before we could even give direction. Our doorman/security was a kind gentlemen, friendly and truly happy to share a chat. My husband spent most of the four mornings enjoying his coffee on the hotels front steps chatting with the doormen, as he waited for the girls to get ready!After changing, we wandered back to the lobby and the bar for a drink. We found a cozy calming niche and my daughter, my husband and I enjoyed a cocktail and a glass of soda before retiring.The room itself was very large, as hotels go. It was room 305. A nice touch to have jazz playing when we walked in, We only experienced that once before, in a little inn in Newport RI. It spoke volumes to us about the hotel and their respect for our arrival. The window to the bedroom sat above the archway entry to the hotel. The attached full bath was enormous. It rivaled my home master suite. I have new plans for my home bath now :) The bathroom had an expansive glass picture window with dramatic sweeping ceiling to floor curtains, Italian travertine tile and a extra large glass walled walkin shower.Yes the lighting is low in the room. But after a day in the heat and humidity of New Orleans or an evening in the noise and smoke of a french quarter jazz bistro, we always found it soothing to come home to.Breakfast is a gracious offering of coffee, teas, large bowls of fresh whole fruits (apples, oranges and bananas when we were there) and granola bars. This is served in an intimate room off the lobby, with a couch, two extremely comfortable settee chairs and a flat screeen TV. It was a nice place to meet people. One morning I shared some time with Ann, who was in New Orleans for her sons wedding that evening. Runnning into her again the next day we shared details of our experiences- her wedding, my college tour. This I cannot find in the larger hotel settings. Another morning we exchanged breakfast banter with a young man who had close ties to where we live, although he now lives in California. This room was nice, but it does close after breakfast is through, which is disappointing, because it was quite relaxing. Maybe cold teas later in the day for the road weary could be worked into the schedule?The front desk was always eager to help. They made recommendations and reservations for us for dinners and brunches. On the morning we left (catching a 6AM flight!) They cheerily placed a wake up call to our room at 3:30am as we requested, then called back at 4am to see if we needed assistance with our bags. They arranged our taxi the night before and made sure the driver was on time. It seems they work with him often.Our time away and my daughters intro to New Orleans was made so much more special by the hotel. The bar was a quiet place for all three of us to relax on Saturday at 5PM..The room was relatively empty at that time and we were able to capture great window seats, on the comfortable settee and chairs, for some good people watching, scotch sipping chatter and debreifing. We felt revived in no time. Yet another night, upon returning from a days activities, we found a huge party going on in the foyer/lobby! What fun! Even the New Orleans fire department was there, as only can happen in NOLA, in their trucks and uniforms to enjoy the fete! It turns out it was a thank you party for a fundaiser which had been held earlier in the year. We were honored to be able to be a part of it- Had we known we would have made a donation!Yes the noise on the street can be heard, as in any city. I have stayed in NYC often and did not expect otherwise here. The Omni across the street has speakers on the otuside of their building. Light blues can be heard very faintly throughout the night. To those who love having a soundtrack to life, this was bliss for me.The beds are extremely inviting and decadent. I had a hard time getting out of them. Plenty of towels everyday. Facility staff who honor the privacy signs. A large walkin closet for hanging garments and a very charming armoire for drawer items and a small TV.The hotel sits on a small side street one block from Canal and one block from the St Charles Trolley. Could not be more convenient for walking to Vieux Carre, the Riverwalk and the Casino.We truly enjoyed our stay and will book again, as we return often for the next four years of my daughters college experience! If you want to capture the true spirit of New Orleans, this is the place  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>butterfern
<Content>Nice, but over-rated The good:Location was great. Room was spacious and nicely decorated.Bathroom was lovely - and huge.The bad:We waited an hour past check-in time (4 PM) for our room to be ready. The lobby was packed with other people waiting. No apology was offered.They vastly overestimate the luxury of the place. Lots of the amenities they advertised weren't there. Examples:- No minibar- No flowers in the room- No down comforters- No restaurant (closed for renovation)I didn't need any of those things, so I was relatively happy with the place. I thought it over-sold itself, though, and I agree with the reviewer who said it's trying to hard to be hip. It's a nice hotel - they should drop the pretension and work on the basics.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>lwagnero
<Content>Great hotel Have stayed at The International House a couple of times. Great hotel, nice new orleans decor. I love that they swap out the sofa fabric depending on the season (white slip covers in the summer etc.).Our room had a moldy smell, so we asked for a different room and they were very accomodating. They have a nice little bar for a cocktail before your night out, and the location can't be beat. walk to the quarter and the marigny, or grab the trolley to take you uptown or to bayou st.john ( my fave). I would stay here again anytime.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>PipinCalifornia
<Content>Great hotel to stay in! I just came back from 3 days staying at this hotel, and I loved it because:+It was super clean+Staff was very friendly and helpful+It's a Non-Smoking hotel+Complimentary treats were very nice+Room was spacious, the bathroom had a gorgeous (read deep and big) bathtub!+Toiletries were Av*da brand+The lobby and bar are spectacular+The CD player in the room adds an extra nice touch, great music+it's SO close to EVERYTHING! we walked all over French Quarter and Warehouse districts.+The price was very reasonableTo keep in mind:~We did NOT bring our car, we knew it is a true nightmare to park in New Orleans, insanely expensive, and streets are one way and narrow. I am not sure the hotel has parking.~The entrance to the hotel has no ramp, but staff was very kind and helped with the stroller at all times. ~They don't have cribs (it艣 not a complaint, just keep it in mind)~At least in the room where we stayed ( in the 9th floor) the windows don't open, but there is a ceiling fan and ventilation/heater/ac.~Like in most hotels nowadays, they won't change your sheets unless you place a card (that they provide) on your bed.I can't really find anything bad to say about it! This hotel made our stay really comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TropicalTravellerUk
<Content>Very good, but trying a bit too hard? Light, airy room, good design features, animated, pleasant staff and a great location a short walk (5 mins) from the Quarter, so far enough to escape the crowds and noise. Only complaint: tries to be too self-consciously hip, when it really doesn鈥檛 need to. Each evening the lobby lights are turned down and loud - and I mean loud 鈥?music is played. This is annoying in its own right 鈥?say if you鈥檙e asking the desk staff for directions or checking in 鈥?but also a bit dated 鈥?the effect is best described as 'New York boutique hotel late 90鈥檚'. Post-Katrina New Orleans is potentially much more interesting than that. IH should stick to what it does best; being a comfortable, interesting and welcoming hotel.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>yoli24
<Content>Very Accomodating I'm always on trip advisor but never write reviews, so here's my two cent! The hotel is chic and cozy, the bar downstairs brings a nice feel and the hotel music is like non-other. After booking with their sister hotel (Loft 523) for All-star Weekend, my friends and I were moved to IH becasue of plumbing problems in our room at the Lofts. Even though it was a little frustrating for me to convey to the hotel management that as a customer they needed to do anything and everything possible to accomodate for the incovenience me and my friends were experiencing, I'm glad they were able to provide us with a room considering almost all the hotels were at capacity for a great NBA event. PROs: We stayed in room 601! The staff was extremely nice and friendly. The location is great and far enough off canal to miss the noise and get some rest after coming in at 5am but close enough to walk to bourbon and the casino without worries. Located close to a secured atm (24 hour security officer in locked building ask front desk they'll direct you around the corner), liquor stores, restaurants, and a walgreens that came in handy due to airport restrictions which tossed all of my friends toiletries in the trash. Beds are pretty comfortable, the bathroom was newly remodeled although the sinks were built weird and the showers are huge for a hotel. Requests for towels, extra blankets, pillows were always delivered quickly. And they have a public computer downstairs to access the internet and wireless services throughout the hotel.CONs: The biggest problem we had was outlet plugs...normal hotels have more ourlets in the rooms rather than the bathroom but this hotel was reversed and frustrating when trying to charge your phone and put on make-up. Lighting is very dim in the rooms as well, the use of two lamps is not suffiecient but it was only a problem when dressing, with 5 females everyone cant be in the bathroom at once; but it was great at night, light can hurt a little when coming in late from bourbon street. The refrigerators do not cool and the mini freezer inside is worthless, but request a bucket of ice and you'll be great. I don't suggest keeping food inside, it might spoil. Overall my experience to New Orleans post-katrina was not bad at all. I've been to New Orleans plenty of times before katrina but this was the first post and its definitely worth visiting. The city is still rebuilding but the spirit is what makes New Orleans a great destination. And its not a bad option to choose International House as your hotel choice during that experience.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>traveler2978
<Content>Style and Fashion is where its at International House is a hotel that is different than any place I have ever stayed at. I was in town in Febuary for Mardi Gras and I loved the hotel. I frequently visit New Orleans and International House is the hotel I always stay at and will always return to. When you walk into the hotel, the lobby is large with high ceilings and redish furniture. The front desk is fun and smart. They know everything about the city and they know your name. They always tell me hi when I walk by and always ask me how dinner was. I was checked in really fast and went to my room quickly as I wanted to get to the parade. My room was 508. It was large with a king size bed. It had a chandelier with a large full length mirror. I had lots of windows and a view of the city. The room was a New Orleans style but with a comtemporary twist. The hotel offers valet parking which is very convienent. There is a 24 hour fitness center and the Loa bar is hot. In the morning, the hotel serves coffee, herbal tea, gronola bars, and fruit. At night the lobby is candle lit and the music is changed to fun upbeat vibe. I will be back as I have been at International House several times. I have always been blown away by there style and fashion and they change things up from time to time so you never get bored.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lagniappe34
<Content>Intimate Boutique Hotel that Never Disappoints I love this hotel, it's pretty much my customary lodging when I am in New Orleans (every 3-4 months or so). I was most recently there during Mardi Gras and the hotel handled the increase in foot traffic, chaos and revelry just wonderfully. I love the decor. The hotel is in a beautiful, historic building with a thoroughly stylish and modern interior. It's so unique and appealing. I also enjoy the bar - the drinks and decor. It would work in any large metro city. The front desk staff is young and they can be a little standoff-ish, but that doesn't bother me at all. The bellman, Jerry, is wonderful - he knows the town and knows just about everyone in it. He always remembers us when we return. The rooms can be a little small, but I typically am only in the rooms to sleep and get dressed. I try to always get a corner room which is a bit larger and has a nice seating area. While my room during Mardi Gras was not directly on Canal Street, it did face Canal Street and I heard a lot of the street noise. Again, though - what can you expect? It didn't bother me at all. I have had a similar room recently and was not bothered by noise whatsoever. I fully believe it was just the Mard Gras madness. The location is wonderful. It's in the CBD, but it's just a stone's throw from the Quarter (keep in mind I am someone who likes to walk). This is thoroughly a boutique hotel and may not be for some people. However, if you are looking for something stylish, ecletic, charming and not exorbitantly priced, this hotel will exceed every expectation.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelhawk7
<Content>Just Dreadful I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. The experience I had at this hotel was absolutely awful and this opinion was shared by over a dozen other guests who were there for the same meeting. Myself and numerous others truly think the very stagnant uncirculated air in the hotel rooms made several people sick. The room I was given had no window--I don't mean no operable window, or no view, I mean no window, not even a window on to an internal ventilation shaft. There was no exhaust fan in the bathroom or any other type of fan in the room, as a result the air in the room never changed and remained dank and musty. Housekeeping service was a joke. They failed to service my room one day, even after I went to the front desk and politely asked them to have my room serviced. The hotel bills itself as this chic boutique sort of place, but you must get the very basics of hotel management in place first. I was at the hotel for a meeting of roughly 100 people, all occupying the hotel--we arrived on Sunday, by Tuesday, more than 10 people had moved to other local hotels. The only positive thing I can convey is that the front desk staff was polite and courteous to me, although not all guests shared the same good fortune. I am sure at one time this may have been a fine hotel, but I can not in good conscience recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	4	1	1	

<Author>2dogsAtlanta
<Content>Average, very average We went to New Orleans on a business trip. The meeting was based at the International House. This is an OK place, not great. The rooms are small. I mean european small. No evening turn down service or fresh towels. The front desk is quite helpful and the location is good. There is nowhere to eat in the motel and you have to walk to the Sheraton or Hilton to find a place in the evening. Only one doorman who was getting kind of stressed with a bunch of people leaving on Sunday morning. The most obvious thing I would suggest is turn down the lobby music. When we checked in it was playing classic rock so loud that we could not hear the guy at the desk. If you get a good price it is ok to stay here but at the full price I am really kind of luke warm about the International House.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	1	4	2	

<Author>jtmcclay
<Content>great little place, great location I was fortunate to tag along on a quick business trip with my husband this past weekend to New Orleans. We stayed at IHH for 2 nights. The hotel is lovely. Very posh, but very comfortable. The entire city of New Orleans is quite easy and comfortable. You can make the experience your own easily. The lobby is so beautiful and the Loa bar a great stopping point before and after dinner. The entire staff is so easy going and laid back but the atmosphere is so much more elegant!! We were upgraded to the Penthouse floor. Our room was not a PH suite, but was nice and comfortable. We had a balcony with seating - but was too cold and rainy to utilize. I am somewhat concerned with previous reviews that mention bad views from their rooms. This hotel is in the city. EVERY room will have a view of a brick wall or parking lot or alley or all these city fixtures. When in NYC - we almost always have a brick wall view - it's the city!! It was quiet on the 12th floor except for the after party that consumed the PH hallway on Sunday from 3:30 am until 6:45 am. When I called the front desk to ask them to please quiet down the neighbors, the young woman seemed somewhat taken aback by my request. However, within minutes we heard doors shut and more muffled voices than the squealing right outside our door. This is an OLD restored building. NOT very sound proof. For a light sleeper (like myself) this could possibly pose a problem. The hotel was clean and the staff very accomodating and helpful. Jason - you are great and so fun to talk with. Your knowledge of all the restaurants was in-valuable! There is NO restaruant at the hotel-which upset some-but there is NO LACK of places to eat in NO! Walk just feet in any direction and you can find great food. We walked EVERY where. It was very cold and I was in heels the entire weekend but had no problem getting around. Merchants are lovely, kind and gracious at restaurants, boutiques, eateries, souvenir shops and antique stores. All wanted to visit and chat and know where we were from. Very nice people in NO. Of course we visited Cafe de Monde and were not dissapointed. Great coffee and beinets as always. WARNING - CDM is ALWAYS crowded!!!! But they are quick and the service is good. Beinets HOT and yummy. I would also recommend MR B's - close by- for a casual dinner or Sunday brunch. Don't pass up the HUGE bar-b-Q shrimp at Mr. B's! My husband ordered the quail - very large dish and wonderful (waiter mentioned they do not have quail very often, get it if its on menu - you will not be disappointed). Cuvee was also wonderful - elegant (we dressed up) but also easy casual if you prefer. One of the BEST meals I have had on travels (we travel a LOT). We walked the 2 blocks from hotel in 25 degrees with wind (me in heels) - but no problem. Ate quick breakfast at Fleur de Lis (close-by also) which was very good. If you have time to sit and eat an omelet - they have wonderful cajun concoctions not to be missed. Overall - NO was a great weekend get-away. Wish we could have stayed another day or 2! We will be back.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>BostonLauraL
<Content>Great hotel! I absolutely loved this place鈥he staff was incredibly nice, the lobby was gorgeous and the rooms were very relaxing, neat, clean and stylish. When my friend and I checked in, the manager was there and preceeded to give us a tour of the hotel, as well as telling us all the events that were going on during the week (we were there one August, a few years ago). After such a nice reception, we entered a nice, dimly lit room that had soft music playing in the background; a great touch. My only complaints would be that there was really nothing else on the street of interest, besides the hotel, and our view was nothing spectacular at all. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MikePadgett
<Content>Good location, comfortable room       Lobby  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ungaio
<Content>I-Hotel is perfect location for easy-in, easy-out on Bourbon Street A classic boutique hotel with a fabulous bar!! However, the best part is that it is located just blocks from Bourbon Street, and right down the road from the best Gumbo in all of New Orleans.....Evelyn's Place ([--]).The room was immaculate and the staff was terrific.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JDBell
<Content>wonderful experience From the moment we arrived, I knew our weekend was going to be special. Indeed the hotels lighting is low but that's what makes this hotel shine! Professional service both day and night , this place is easy to love and hard to forget. The extra bonus is that you' re only 2 blocks from the Quarter and Bourbon St. and when you return to the hotel after a night of fun, the relaxed feeling the International has makes you feel right at home. Truly a pleasant surprise!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>avalentine
<Content>Tranquility in a sea of debauchery It was so refreshing to come back to this low key hotel after a night in the craziness of the French Quarter. The staff and amenities are completely accommodating. From stepping in the room and hearing the music of WWOZ to exploring the CDs supplied, they set the mood for a great New Orleans experience.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parkbench28
<Content>Incredible- I can't say enough! This hotel is amazing. We had room 203, which was a smallish room with nice neutral decor, cd player, a king-sized bed, large bathroom with bathtub, aveda products, robes, etc. The service at this hotel is simply amazing- the best we have ever seen (and I have traveled quite a bit through the US and Europe). The hotel entrance is lovely and smells fabulous. The bar is nice. Breakfast is fruit, granola bars and (I have to say it...) really bad coffee (we were there for 3 nights and it was always the same). Service was fantastic- everyone who works in this hotel deserves a huge raise- from the housekeepers to the front desk folks to the doormen; we were so impressed with everyone we talked to at this hotel. 5 minutes after we got to the room they called to check on us- and they really seemed to care. Free wireless internet, and they are happy to help you figure out where to eat, where to shop, etc, etc. 30$ valet parking a night for a car, which was not a shock in this area. The area is also very safe, and one (short) block from the French Quarter; we walked back and forth everyday a number of times without a problem.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ellogovernor
<Content>A Place Where Service Matters! My experience at International House was THE best experience I have EVER had while staying in a hotel in New Orleans!! Talk about TRUE Southern Hospitality!! The rooms are extremely comfortable and spacious..I would Highly recommend upgrading to a Superior Room as I did. The decor was to die for: full of plush white linens, a sparkling chandilier and I enjoyed watching the game on the flat screen. The night atmosphere was SO New Orleans: dimmed lights  candles everywhere! Now for the best part...the service. Troy  Lindsey were fun and EXTREMELY helpful with recommending restaurants and making reservations. Everywhere they sent me was a success. They also carried on interesting conversations about New Orleans and it was like I was home. They were so personal that they knew my name everytime I stopped to say hello. Loa bar was a great way to relax for going out to the streets. Overall, My experience was one of a lifetime. As a resident of Las Vegas, I see many cool hotels but this hotel was one that so superbe that I will definitely be revisiting the next time down.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kaysilver
<Content>Not a good experience! After spending two (non-consecutive) nights here, this is was our experience:-The hotel's restaurant was non-existent, and the staff had no idea when/if anything would be going into the vacant space.-The complimentary coffee, tea and Nutrigrain bars for breakfast were completely wiped out before 8:30 both mornings of our stay and no one would respond to our request for something -anything! - to be made available. Also, the area stayed completely trashed -Lighting is, indeed, very dark and the rooms are already suffering from needing paint and new carpet. Both of our rooms were really in bad shape.- The beds aren't at all soft-The entire 8th floor smells like a latrine. The smell literally comes through the vents. I thought maybe I was just being oversensitive to the smell, but when we got home and started unpacking my daughter (who wasn't with us on the trip) asked if someone had wet their pants and put them into the suitcase, because everything in there smelled of urine! YUCK!!- And finally - just to top it all off - we had to wait both times past the check-in time for our rooms to be available, then when we received our credit card bill we had been double-billed for them!The staff is very friendly, but they just don't have their act together!I would never consider staying here again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>stbtack
<Content>OK but did not live up to expectations Nice little hotel but did not live up to our expectations based on other reviews. Definitely a three star but it would be a stretch to call it anything more. The staff was the best part of the stay. While the lobby was interesting, and the hotel was spotless, the rooms were small and lacked quality furnishings. The bath was nice but not exceptional. The view from our room was a blank brick wall with the mechanical units below. The location is plus as it straddles the French quarter and the warehouse district. The parting surprise was the $42 overnight parking fee which seemed rather excessive. In the final analysis this was a nice business class hotel but one could do much better for the price for leisure travel.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nycblonde
<Content>One of the best I have to say one of my favortie place in New Orleans.. Jason was a peach and so helpful.. i was there for business and traveling all alone. When i left i felt like i had a whole new family.. True Southern Hospitality. Being a New York CIty girl now it was so nice to go and visit and remember how great it is to live in the South. The bar staff Seth. and the others what a hoot they were so much fun.. The owner was even there during my stay and was so kind even bought me a drink and was askign if my stay ws going well, and invited me to a tastign they were doing for the new restraunt.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DCtraveldude
<Content>International House is Hip, Fun Alright folks - you have to know what you are getting in to. The International House is not a new building; it is a historic building that was transformed into a hotel some years ago. The design is sort of like a small, locally owned W hotel. The New Orleans ambience suffuses the entire property - jazz and local culture photos; cool bar; music playing everywhere; quirky folks behind the desk. The low lights seem to recall what makes NOLA so intriguing - sort of a sense of mystery (think the FQ scenes in the Pelican Brief). As for location, Intl House might as well be in the FQ itself - it is all of a block off Canal. So, those wondering about safety - it IS in the tourist area - have no fear. In fact, there are better restaurants closer to the Intl House than you can find in the FQ (notably, Restaurant August and Cuvee). As for the building itself - relatively small rooms (check); dim lights (check); uneven floors (check) - BUT THIS IS NEW ORLEANS, not Cleveland!!! The hotel is appropriate for the experience you should expect to get in this great city. Chain hotels that try to replicate what you find in every other city just don't seem right to me. I will be at Intl House AGAIN next month - it'll be my tenth time to stay there, dating back to before Katrina. Trust me - its the best place for the value. Feel free to contact for more.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>bbar
<Content>Gorgeous Room, Great Bar - Loved it!       Cute bar! Great atmosphere (and drinks!)  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Snowpeach
<Content>Great little hotel Stayed here on a business trip and really enjoyed the quaintness of the hotel. The lobby is dimly lit for ambiance and there is a nice bar across the hall. The restaurant has not reopened since Katrina but they seem to be in the process of getting it back. My room was a corner room barely above street level but with lots of windows--a little too noisy on this floor with street sounds--but the gym was also on my floor, so a big plus. Insanely clean bathrooms and Aveda products are supplied so another big plus. The bed was very clean and comfortable and will definitely stay here again on a return trip. With the hotel being only two blocks from Canal Street, everything in the quarter is easily accessible.The city still has a long way to go but they desperately need tourists so me and my family will be back.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>sebr
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel I stayed at the International Hotel at the end of July 2007. I was in New Orleans for a conference and the hotel made my stay extremely enjoyable. Lovely room, great bathroom (the shower was great and there were also Aveda products - what a bonus), fluffy robes etc... The location was great, a 2 minutes stroll to the French Quarter and a 5 minute stroll from the famous Mothers for a huge breakfast! I felt right at home here and wouldn't hesitate to stay again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>leftmyheartinNO
<Content>Nice hotel. Small Rooms I stayed at this hotel some years ago. I love New Orleans!!!! I have been there several times and have stayed in better and worse hotels than this one. First off with the bad. Rooms are tiny. We got a speacial through the website and the room we had while beautifully decorated was very small for 2 people. The beds were also not very comfortable. OK now the good. Just 2 blocks from the French Quarter. OK area of town. The staff was friendly and helpful. The bathroom in our room was awesome huge for the size of the room and Aveda toiletries. My fave part of the entire hotel was the bar Loa it was lit by candles and had lots of comfy seating. Overall this hotel is OK however I have found better hotels in NO and will probably not return.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>JaneandPaul
<Content>Good value and location. We stayed here for one night and found the hotel to be a real bargain and very adequate for our needs. It's also in a perfect location just a few blocks from the French Quarter and Harrah's. We booked through hotels.com and only paid $92 for a deluxe queen room. We had a view of the street, reasonably sized room, and a very large and well-equipped bathroom with a very roomy walk-in shower. The radio was playing New Orleans jazz when we entered the room. They had a collection of jazz CD's available to play but the CD function wasn't working on our radio. But it was a nice gesture and I'm sure they would have corrected the problem if we had asked. We had stayed at this hotel previously (pre-Katrina) and paid more than double for the same quality room at that time. So it is obvious that New Orleans needs our business and our support. A previous reviewer mentioned something about a lack of valet parking. They did have valet parking at a cost of $30. We could have parked cheaper at a nearby garage but it wouldn't have been as convenient. After we called for our car, it was waiting for us by the time we reached the lobby. All the staff members were very friendly and helpful. We were even allowed to check in early at 11 am because the hotel wasn't busy. If I return to New Orleans I will definitely return to International House.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scimbalo
<Content>Stay Away from this Place Wow that was a bait and switch. Having stayed at some great hotels with a modern style, I was expecting a serene simple atmosphere and excellent service. The only nice feature was the lobby. Rooms were small and dumpy. The hotel staff was very disorganized and for 3 days in a row we had no maid service. We called several times to ask to have the room cleaned. On the last night, I called about midnight to say we needed towels. About 30 minutes later the manager banged on our door with no warning call. Other points to note- we waited an average of 20 minutes each time we called for our car and once they brought the wrong car. People were smoking something not so legal smelling in the room next to the posh bar.Spend the money and stay at the W or the Windsor Court.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yalangylang
<Content>Most Amazing! When I booked my reservation, I booked it with Sherie. She was the most pleasant person I have spoken with. She made making a reservation so easy. She was very detailed oriented and thorough. When I arrived, immediately welcomed by Jason as I walked through those doors with a great smile and a warming glow. He made checking in so easy and fast. He helped me with everything I needed. He took care of arranging a car service for me and my dinner reservations. I didn't have to worry about a thing. Then after I rested a while, I went down to have a drink at Loa. When I got to the lobby, it was a totally different mood. The ambiance and music was incredible. I went to the desk and spoke with Troy and Greg, which they both were awesome! Their moods were so charming and fun, I basically spent the whole evening in the lobby. Loa itself is a whole other aura itself. Lit obly by candel light. And their cocktails were incredible. I drank this Loatini, which is their signature drink. It was yummy! Seth was amazing and fun too. Overall my stay was the most enjoyable and amazing I have ever had, ANYWHERE! I would definitely stay there again and definitely recommend it to everyone I know. They take their southern hospitality to a new level. Anyone who reads this, take my advice and stay there. The rooms are nice, comfy beds, warm jazz welcoming you as you enter.....definitely worth every minute.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ominouscat
<Content>Great Option for Budget-Conscious Very friendly. We called the hotel directly to book and they matched a cheap price I had found online with no problem. Room was on the small side. Lobby and bar are great. Also, a great location.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>kchirich
<Content>Bogus charges, Crappy customer service The room was wonderful, but the after-service is law-suit worthy. I received a bogus-charge on my credit-card from the hotel. They refuse to remove it -saying that I need to go through my credit card company instead. BTW - the charge is a mere $35. They obviously are not interested in bringing people back to their hotel. In my quest to get this charge resolved, I was passed around to 5 different people before I was hung up on.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>kschrier
<Content>Loved it! We found a very reasonable rate online for International House ($99/night) and found it to be a fabulous find for the price. The hotel was clean, and the front dek staff were very friendly and helpful. Our bathroom was actually quite large, and the selection of CDs on the nightstand was a nice touch. Only bummer was that I didn't realize they didn't have valet parking. We had to park in a garage up the block for $20/night.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sfcatwoman
<Content>You can definitely do better I was in New Orleans last week first for work and then for pleasure. Based on the rave reviews I had read about the International Hotel and the added value it provided when you stay three days or more, I chose to switch from the Wyndham at Canal Place where I had been earlier in the week for work. This provided the opportunity to compare two similarly ranked and priced hotels in the post-Katrina era. I would not recommend staying at this hotel. Although the hotel had this hip factor at all turns, it was lacking in many ways. The rooms and bathrooms were tiny and dimly lit. And don't expect any of those fresh flowers they claim all rooms have. Our room had a sagging bed, an unleveled floor, and stains all over the velvet headboard. The staff was basically courteous, but compared to the knowledge and level of service I experienced in the first hotel and at establishments all over the downtown area while I stayed in NO, I was terribly disappointed. It seems that, in general, the hotel valued its hipness far beyond basic hotel service and amenities. And post-Katrina, this hotel is not in the safest part of town. On one night we were out, we asked a police officer for the quickest route back to our hotel from the French Quarter. He highly recommended we take a cab- not for the comfort but for our safety. In his words, the only people out on the streets in that part of town after dark are the ones you don't want to run into. You can get much more comfortable and pleasant accommodations for a similar price at least at one other hotel in the area that I can personally attest to.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>b.penny
<Content>Nice, but still recovering. The location, architecture and decor of the International House are great. Both classic and modern. It's located in the CBD right next to all the big hotels like the Marriott, W, and Loew's. From my understanding the hotel is locally owned along with Loft 523 which is still closed (as of 11/23). Business seemed a bit slow during our stay. I can't say if it's still suffering post Katrina or because of the time of year (right before the Thanksgiving Holiday). I'd guess a little of both. The gym is up and running but seemed under construction. No water, no towels, open wiring, etc. The Restaurant is closed which means no room service. However, the front desk does have honor snacks like chips and candy-bars available upon request. Also, in the morning free coffee and snacks are made available in the lobby. The rooms have a fridge but no honor bar at this time. The Loa Bar in the Lobby is open. The bartenders are friendly and mix tasty drinks. One quirk of the hotel is their use of low light ambience. For example, the bar is lit entirely by candle light. This theme runs throughout the hotel from lobby to hallways to rooms. It's a cool vibe for the bar, but I would have preferred more light in the public areas. Maybe it was the lack of people, but it just felt a bit creepy. 25% more light would do the trick. ( In the bathrooms they have installed a dimmer switch for more control.) There is also free WiFi and a free terminal in the lobby which is great, but the connection is really slow. This wasn't a concern for me, but I can imagine it might be frustrating if I was traveling for business. Overall, the International House is a nice hotel, and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>RJS and Gale
<Content>Decent, but overpriced The staff were excellent, from beginning to end. The room was decent by NO standards, although a bit drab. Location was great... close to the Quarter, but away from the noise. Many services still not operating because of the lack of employees, but understandable thoughout the city. Would consider going again, but the price is higher than most equal or better hotels, so no value here.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>zamg9
<Content>Give the Hotel International a try I was there over Labor day. I got nothing but good things to say about it. We found a $75 night rate on the internet and based on the reviews on this site we took a chance. We had a rental car and were prepared because we learned they do not have a parking garage. We found a spot right out of the hotel that didn't have a meter so we parked there for 3 days for free!. But there are very few of those spaces. Most people have to park in a parking garage or pay a meter. But once you park your car you don't need it. The hotel is in easy walking to distance to the French Quarter, Riverwalk, Harrah's casino, plenty of restaurants. If your looking for a good lunch place right across the street is a little sandwich shop. I think it is called the Commerce. We saw alot of local people going in there. Obviously they knew what was going on, they have great food with traditional NOLA items like PO Boys, Red Beans and Rice, Jambalaya, etc. It was very tasty, reasonably priced, and fast. When I say easy walking I mean probaby 3-5 blocks. It's just a cool hotel, dim lighting, excellent bar (beer was only $3.50 for abita draft), nice rooms. I had free wireless internet, jazz music playing when I first got there, free robes, aveda shampoo, and comfortable bed/linens. If you want the standard stuff that you can get in every city in the united states go ahead and stay at a a Hilton or Marriott but if you want a little tase of New Orleans and a hotel you will remember go ahead and take a chance on Hotel International.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aneran
<Content>Nice hotel but some cautions The International House Boutique hotel is very hip, artistic, and has great atmosphere downstairs in the lobby and adjoining lounge. However, you should know that as of August 2006, the next door/attached Lemongrass restaurant is not only NOT open but it has moved to another location due to limited traffic. This fact is not advertised anywhere, including their website. They told me upon my arrival. There is no word on whether the restaurant will move back if tourism picks up again. In fact, there are numerous places closed around New Orleans/French Quarter  Central Business District. They are desparate for tourists, and it is a good cause, BUT the places that are open are gouging tourists with their overpriced rates. For example, eating at the MALL isn't even a cheap alternative: a coke cost the same as getting a drink at a movie theater. OK, back to the hotel: the fitness room is also closed with no further notice as to when it might re-open. These amenities may not be a big deal to you, in which case, it's a great hotel to stay at. There is free wireless internet. Other negative aspects: The front desk was pleasant but unwilling to move me to a quieter room (although I asked 3 times, each day, told to call back later) nor to give me a late check out (I asked for a 2 p.m. check out -- not what I consider unreasonable for a late checkout -- and was told I would be charged extra!). Positives: Depending on who you got at the front desk, some were very friendly and helpful with touristy suggestions. The room was average, the bathroom was quite spacious and they provide you with Aveda products (lotion, shampoo, conditioner) which is a nice touch. The hotel has great taste in setting up an artsy, jazzy feel with votive candles all around the lobby/lounge, artistic decor in mostly white, and other muted tones. Very nice atmosphere. Generally accessible to most things but nothing is right next door -- it's a 10 minute walk to anything to eat, and about 20 minutes to the river. New Orleans does need tourists to come back and I hope that the extra money I was charged right and left, went to benefit the people.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>ladycreole
<Content>Attractive and serene We were walk-ins into the hotel as a result of seeing a brochure at the Louisiana Welcome Center. My stay was very pleasant and uneventful. Can't say there were any bad experiences. The staff are extremely friendly and accommodating (very reflective of New Orleanians). After having driven several hours, I was in need of somewhere peaceful and calming. So, the jazz playing on a CD player is the room and the color scheme was just what I needed. For a boutique hotel, the rooms were a little larger than usual. The shower head and huge tub were very invigorating. The lobby is very attractive, especially at night. Also, the lighting is very dim also giving a very peaceful atmosphere. I will definitely stay there again and recommend it to others. If you are tired of the routinely commercial hotel experiences at the larger chains, this hotel is a good choice.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>eam66
<Content>New Orleans Gem! My partner and I often travel to New Orleans and every time, the International House is the only place we stay! The staff is terrific, professional and personable and goes out of their way to accomodate your every need. The rooms are always clean and well-maintained. It is centrally located to just about anyplace you may want to go in the city. It has a unique New Orleans vibe without being kitschy. And, it is always a great value. We travel quite a bit and the International House has become our barometer of a great hotel! I almost hesitate to write this review because I don't want our secret to get out !!!!!!!! The International House is a great example of hospitality at its finest!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>september2374
<Content>International House of WONDERFUL!!! Since we had a few hours left on our road trip, I went online and was passed to Orbitz from SideStep. After looking at our options, I deemed The International House the best value for the money.From our car we made a reservation online...just a few hours notice. I called to confirm that a room was available and the gentleman on the phone assured us there was a nice room waiting for us and wished us a safe trip...EXCELLENT phone skills! Considering everything NO has been through in the passed year, we didn't know what to expect and were willing to accept a sub-standard room knowing much of our time would be at the casino (2 blocks away) or on Bourbon street (2 blocks away). HOWEVER, when we arrived we weren't just pleased...we were FLOORED! The gentleman behind the desk was so pleasant and easy to do business with. When we arrived at our room, we both admitted that despite our many travels - THIS was THE nicest hotel room we'd EVER stayed in! Soft jazz was playing for us on a CD player next to a CD collection of various Jazz CDs...A large bathroom with a shower that could have fit 12 people...the ceiling must have been 15 feet high. All in all, VERY comfortable and VERY clean.The next day the desk offered to hold our bags while we took a recommendation for the Bon Ton Cafe (again, 2 blocks away)which was THE best red beans and rice, jambalaya and gumbo we'd ever hoped of having. Knowing the great location and PERFECT service of The International House, we've already planned our next trip for the end of August. Thank you IH for your quick recovery from the storm and thank you for such a high-class establishment - you have earned a loyal guest for years to come.Ray LeeDallas, Texas  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Was very happy with this hotel. The whole place was gorgeous. Our room was awesom the beds were comfortable and the bathroom very spacious. Our friends room however was a bit smaller then ours but overall it was a great place. The staff was excellent,even though we got evacuated on Sunday morning around 3 am for Hurricaine Katrina. The location was very good, it was only about a 5 minute walk to the French Quarter, Bourban Street. Also about a 2 minute walk to the trolley, and about a 10 minute walk to river walk and the aquarium. the aquarium is fantastic by the way you should def. check it out. We would definatly stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ingleberg
<Content>There are better choices            
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing place! Every detail of this hotel is amazing. The lobby is georgous, the rooms are cozy and comfortable, the restaurant has great food and the bar has a great vibe. But the one thing that truly sets it apart - the staff. I can not say enough about how friendly, helpful and gracious they are. And all this for a very affordable price. I do a lot of travelling and this hotel is a rare gem!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The International House - An Unexpected Delight! I went to New Orleans for a work related conference and was unable to get in the first two hotels offered, so I was the only one in my group that stayed at the International House. My disappointment about being seperated from my friends immediatly disappeared as I walked into the serene lobby and encountered the most down to earth, accomodating staff. The atmosphere was utterly serene and lush, from the elevators to my art deco inspired room. It was difficult to get out of bed (which was more comfortable than mine at home) and leave to go to the conference each day; this hotel felt like a head to toe spa and I've often thought of returning alone just to relax at that level again. The resturant was fabulous and unique and the bar in the evening was a quiet candle lit meeting place to enjoy soft jazz and conversation. By the third night, my friends from the other hotels had joined me because they were tired of hearing me ooohhh and ahhhh about the International House. I highly recommend this establishment to anyone, especially those who are tired of the same old thing - the International House will make it difficult to go home!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pushdatgurl
<Content>Loved the Internataional House Hotel Absolutely Loved my stay at this hotel. My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel and can't say enough about this place. Very well decorated and appointed. The hotel staff was absolutely friendly and attentive. The mood was set from the time we entered the hotel. Loa Bar is truly a romantic spot for drinks and to decide where the evening may lead. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone, and will be sure to visit again soon.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kim05
<Content>Wonderful, wonderful I loved the chic and hip feel of this hotel the moment we walked into the lobby. Fragrant burning candles (even the elevators smelt beautiful !!) and subdued lighting in the lobby were very appealing. The staff at the front desk were very helpful and very friendly. The room was fantastic, comfortable, well furnished and well appointed. Also the hotel is within easy walking distance of Bourbon Street, Jackson Square etc etc.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dagreen
<Content>Loved it I stayed at the International House. The staff were helpful and friendly. This was my first stay in New Orleans and had to rely on the recommendations of the staff which were fair and accurate. The room was large and clean every day.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ktripping
<Content>Loved the International House, but it's not perfect I was impressed with the she-she fanciness of the International House Boutique Hotel, although I found the room attendants had way more warmth than the front desk and doorman people. I had a small room with a queen bed and an outstanding bath. No tub, but a spacious shower with plenty of pressure. But was unimpressed with the room lighting, which was poor. Only one bedside sconce worked and the toilet had a small leak.The award-winning Lemongrass restaurant wasn't anything to write home about. Check out Sweet Ginger, which is directly across from the hotel. Prices are much more reasonable and better flavor and service. Unfortuneately they were not open on Sunday. The food I had at Lemongrass lacked flavor and service lacked personality and attention to service.This is a great place to stay if you don't want the noise of the French Quarter. It's quiet, but it is a walking jaunt (at least 4-6 blocks of walking) to the French Quarter shopping area. IH is much better located for shopping on Magazine Street and the Art Galleries on Julia Street.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Impressed I expected much more from this hotel. Especially after all the good reviews it had. I was not impressed. While it wasn't terrible, it wasn't very good either. The room was smelled musty and the was ceiling un-finished. The hotel staff was somewhat corteous, but by no means friendly. The decor in the lobby was the nicest thing about the place and it's convenience to the French Quarter was good too.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Idea - But missed the point a little New Orleans is a city of choices. Restaurant, bars, hotels, shops all sorts of things. Therefore, in order to make a statement, things need to be top notch. This hotel was an OK one. There was no view in our room. We had to stretch to see if it was raining out or not. There were also no drawers in the room. We had nowhere to put our clothes. The thing that really got to me, was that turndown service was at 6:00PM! The maid would knock on our door and ask us if she could do turndown service, and we were always getting ready for dinner. Then she never came back. This would never happen at a top notch hotel. We also ate in Lemongrass and were unimpressed. My husband noticed that he didn't think the hotel was doing too well because there was hardly any traffic in the lobby the entire time we were there. All in all I thought the place was nice, but kind of unimpessive. If I had to do it again, I'd stay at the W.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the IH Nice boutique hotel in the CBD of New Orleans. Well appointed and decorated neutral-tonedrooms with a modern edge. Service is good, but we really didn't use it that much. Lemongrass restaurant downstairs was delicious, I especially recommend the lobster ravioli.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>totally loved International House, A friend recommended International House and after reading Trip Advisor, I had a few concerns. But my concerns were unfounded. Upon check-in, I was greeting with smiles from a very helpful front desk staff, given lots of information on hot spots in the city. My room was great, high ceilings, double-headed shower, spacious granite counter tops, and the lobby was beautiful. Make sure you try their cool bar loa although drinks were a little pricy, the atmosphere was excellent. Look out for actors and actresses in the healthclub, I saw two (well known) actors.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go for the penthouse We stayed here last May. Since it was our anniversary I upgraded to penthouse room. It was wonderful. The lighting is very subdued in the halls which took geting used to. The staff was attentive and the location was excellant. Great place for a relaxing yet urban stay.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for the discerning traveller After looking at the website and reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, I was convinced that I had found a little gem hotel, off the beaten path, for my recent business trip to New Orleans.When I arrived, I found the lobby to be truely unique and the candlelight bar looked very inviting. However, I was very disappointed when I checked into my room. The room was very small and unexpectedly plain, and the bathroom, while somewhat impressive in size, not as deluxe as expected. The shower head was broken and sprayed water everywhere.When I mentioned to the person at the front desk that I was somewhat disappointed with my room, he upgraded me to a Penthouse room. This room, also disappointing, though slightly larger, with a dirty bathtub lined with black mold. I did, however, have a balcony, which was nice.I found that everything at the hotel was inconsistent. At time, service at the front desk was very good, but usually the front desk people made you feel as if you were interrupting their personal phone calls. There are no room service menus in the room, which means that if you want a menu you have to call down to the front desk or stop by the restaurant (at which time I was given a tray of breakfast to carry through the lobby, up the elevator and to my room myself!)My colleagues were staying at the Hotel Monaco and the W for around the same price and had much nicer rooms and better service. I was embarrassed that I had talked some of my other colleages into staying at the International House as well, based only on an attractive website.I would be surprised if this hotel was still in business a few years from now.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dude... the 11th floor rooms rock !!! My band was booked into International House for Jazz Fest and since the hotel was sold out, we were placed on the 11th floor. Well, I have to tell you, if you want a really amazing nights (or days as in our case) sleep, the rooms ROCK !!! Peace and quiet. Dark and pleasant, and dare I say it, soothing. Don't let the others scare you... You will love the place. My band will never stay anywhere else while in the Big Easy!!  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very HIP!! I stayed at this hotel for close to 4 days and found the staff very friendly and the stay itself very good. Contrary to the impression I got in the lobby - loud music, Goth feeling...the rooms were warm and I was welcomed into my room to soft jazz playing on my radio. The only issue I had with this hotel was the loud music in the lobby. I did not have my computer with me on this trip and was stuck doing a lot of internet work in the lobby...at night it was too dim to see the screen, and the three songs blaring over head became a bit irritating after while. Impossible to hear yourself think!! Regardless of the lobby disco experience, I would definitely come back and stay at this hotel.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Wordgirl_1
<Content>Visit the lobby, stay elsewhere The public space (lobby) is lovely, but the rooms are so-so, and paying guests are not treated well. Room service is slow, poor, and difficult to reach. Our room was tiny, although we booked months ahead and requested the nicest available room. It had only 3 small drawers total (no desk, no drawers in night table). Worst of all was wake-up service: requested call was not made, so we relied on our own alarm. The next night, even though we did NOT request a wake-up call, the front desk provided one at 5:45 am, and we were up the rest of the night. The manager offered an apology only after we requested a meeting with her and only after first being very defensive and berating us for being upset. Although the location is pretty good, if you want comfortable surroundings where you can sleep through the night and put your stuff away (and what is a hotel for, if not that), stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ugh, not happy, crapshoot. The rooms are poorly lit even the bathroom, our room was clean. I made the reservation months in advance and specifficaly requested a room with a window, we did not get a window we were on the 11th fllor. I did see one room on the 1th floor with a window. This hotel is overpriced for the room and $20 for two drinks a bit steep. Location was good and I did have a nice time but I could easily hear people in the next room the walls are thin. Next time I will stay somewhere worthy of the price or rent a cheaper room at the Holiday Inn or something. No ice either they have to bring it up and thier resturant Lemon tass never had more than few people that worries me we ate elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unimpressed with IH Beware of the eleventh floor. We booked our room 4 months prior to our stay and had no advanced warning that the room would be a cave. All rooms on the 11th floor are windowless and poorly ventilated (Our room smelled of mildew). Unfortunately, there was no compensation for being placed in this sub-par room unless you complain. Left us feeling like we were being taken advantage of. Aside from the 11th floor problem the rooms are very dimly lit. Good luck trying to get ready in the dark. The people at the front desk were friendly but really felt that they were dishonest. Bottom line - not worth the money and if you are dissatisfied complain  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel After reading some of the reviews I was slightly concerned about staying here. My concerns were laid to rest immediately the doorman had my bags before I had exited the taxi, the front desk staff were very welcoming and upon learning it was our first time in New Orleans passed on lots of local information and recommendations for trips and restaurants.Our room was very large and the twin headed shower was a dream after a long day walking around the french quarter.I will be staying here again and will recommend it to everyone visiting New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased - Worth the price. We found the hotel to be very clean and quiet. We had a deluxe king room (#1208) and lucked out and got a room on the penthouse (top floor) with an outdoor sitting area. The beds were the best I have ever experienced in a hotel.The hotel is in a great location (2 blocks from the quarter) and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Would gladly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelaurPa
<Content>great stay, good location I stayed at the IH for a convention in February. After reading the mixed reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect. I was very pleased. It is a trendy, funky New York City--esque hotel. It has character, not your cookie cutter Holiday Inn type of place. Great for couples. My room was clean and small--typical for NOLA, but the bathroom was big. Previous reviewers exaggerate the dim lighting--yes it is dim in the hallways (part of the ambience), but the room numbers are in lights so you can easily see where you are going. The lobby is a great place to meet up with friends before going out. It is well located, on the cusp of the French quarter but not in it! The trolley car stop is one block over. There is a gym, but it is depressing so I didn't use it. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>summerw420
<Content>Perfect for couples... This place was outstanding. The whole vibe of the hotel was chill and very hip. Had a terrific corner king that was exactly what we had hoped for! Perfect place for a romantic retreat with someone special. Staff was very friendly had extremely helpful.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>IH is mediocre I read an earlier review of the International House and had the same opinion. Although my room was much more than the $70 he or she spent.I stayed at the IH with my wife last weekend. It is a nice hotel but not near the quality it presents itself to beon the web site. There is nothing wrong with the property. It's just not that great. The staff was helpful and nice, but shouldnt they always be that way. I hate giving someone credit for doing what is expected. New Orleans has a lot of other hotels for the same or less money that offer much more. If you can get a room at a great rate go for it, if not look elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant stay We were extremely pleased with our room, as well as the service we received during our stay. On the day we arrived, we were greeted by two doormen, Will and Free, who were exceptionally helpful and professional. Their presence was an extremely positive first impression. The housekeeping staff was outstanding, and one particular front desk clerk was extremely accomodating, polite, and bent over backwards to make sure our stay was as pleasant as possible. He really shone head and shoulders over the rest.  I was in New Orleans for a conference, and after each full day of seminars, it was a pleasure to come back to a room that was so calming and so relaxing. We did not experience the noise, the bed was exceptionally comfortable, the wildflowers were a nice touch, and the large windows were fantastic. The only unfortunate aspects were the lack of a coffee pot in the room, and an ice machine on the floor. However, whenever we needed ice, they brought it up to our room quickly. All in all, it was a very pleasant stay, and we will certainly stay there again the next time we visit New Orleans.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deke
<Content>Mediocrity K, 1stly, I am not overly picky, and; I've stayed and travel to enough places to offer a truthful and objective opinion :)I can sum it all up for those that don't feel like reading my novella: Someone herein already wrote that if you can get a good rate (not exceeding say, $79... go for it), and, i agree. But BEWARE, we were bait-n-switched... We were there during Mardi Gras, 7 nights. Our room rate quoted when we made reservations, applied to only two of the nights, during our stay... then we were hit for an additional $70 for 5 of the nights... but of course not until we arrived... and during Mardi Gras, well... we had no choice, and they knew it.What this hotel does best is hype it self. The web sight designer for IH did a fantastic job, touching on all the elements one might look for in an upscale boutique-ey hotel. The reality is that it is really just a mediocre property, as boutique-ey hotels go. The rooms are small, and desperately in need of updating... though not dirty, stains from years gone by, abound. No superb bathroom ~ mediocre. The lounge/bar ~ mediocre. And here's lame for you: No in-room coffe. They want you to order room service for it... their out is that they offer free coffee in the lounge each morning... but, who wants to schlep down to the lounge for free coffe!? AND the silly, small, lidless cups are like preforming a juggling act, enroute to your room... try THAT after a night on the town! The front desk staff, are ok... not trained well, not very, well, welcoming... They need a quick staff meeting to explain that customer service is what they do... professional and friendly is a job requirement... or switch to another department... just mediocracy. On an upnote: the cleaning staff, and doormen were great. Back to low note: The in-house restaraunt Lemon Grass, was empty. Though I can not comment it's quality, that is pretty telling, especially during Mardi Gras, when we were there. In contrast: I can not say enough great things about the greasy spoon as we call them here, across the street from the IH, where we went for breakfast each morning... The Commerce was a diner style dining Mecca! They treated us like Family, and the food was, well... Mom made the biscuits and grits,,, 'nough said... simply great folks, great food. We went to Mother's (this is a very popular folksy/toristy down-home type place, one morning... very popular, long line... But, having done both, The Commerce is where it's at. Back to IH: Summed up again, if you get that $79 rate (each night you're there), go for it. Otherwise, right across the street is the Omni, or do the JW Marriot... or do your research, and find true boutique Hotel, with a higher standard of style, and service... IH is simply mediocre at best.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We really loved it! We stayed at the international house Jan 14-18 on a vacation and we really liked it. I was a little bit skeptical after reading some of the reviews. I travel a lot for work and usually stay in Marriott or Hilton brand hotels - what a great diversion this hotel was from my usual business travel experience! The room was small but cozy. The decor on our floor and in our room was in great condition. It was a great location, very close to the quarter and the streetcar, and still walking distance to the riverfront. Everyone there was really great - extremely helpful. These guys have done a great job trying to create something hip and different. All the little details made it really fun. We had a double-headed walk-in shower that was awesome - we want one at home now. Actually, given the great price we got, I would say that it was way beyond our expectations. The beds were really comfortable. I didn't hear honking or anything, but we could hear the bellperson from a neighboring hotel whistling for taxis - however it wasn't such a big deal for us because by then it was 9 or 10 and we were ready to get up anyway. At night when we would come in, the whole lobby and bar was filled with candlelight. They had a pc in the lobby so you could stop to look up an address or directions on your way out the door. We are probably not the 'hippest' couple, but we felt right at home and had a wonderful experience. After being skeptical myself, this hotel was good enough in our opinion that we needed to set the record straight. This place is definitely worth trying out.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it Not too sure what the angry guest is talking about. The nearest parking lot is down the street and next to the LaQuinta. Perhaps they have reviewed the wrong hotel. we loved our experience and found the staff to be amazingly friendly!!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shisunshine
<Content>Private and modern I stayed at the International House from Jan 15-17, 2005. I had a corner room with a LARGE window on 2 of the walls. Sunlight poured in when you opened the curtains. Made for a refreshing atmosphere when combined with the neutral tones in the decor. Loved the jazz music as you enter the room. Fresh flower was a great touch too. The bathroom was incredible and beautiful, with a large soaking tub. Definitely try the Lemon Grass restaurant. Very good food. The location was a bit noisy and I did hear alot of honking, but really it was the only problem.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy Cramped Hotel Don't believe what you read. The Hotel is across the street from a very active parking garage so you hear honking all day. The rooms are TINY by any standard and the staff is unprofessional and rude. Every person we met in the elevator complained about the hotel. Do not stay there!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>italianchick163
<Content>Good and Bad Things about IHouse I stayed at the International House Hotel from Dec. 20-24 2004. We were at another hotel that turned out to be HORRIBLE and got a good rate of 79.00 a night and switched to IHouse. Overall, it was a nice hotel. We thought it was very cool. It was good for the two of us, but I could NOT see kids or my parents staying here. I could not see someone who was totally against posh staying here wither. It was romantic and very dark for the most part. I did not feel uncomfortable wearing jeans in the lobby as someone else had said.I will agree with the one review mentioning the air conditioning unit. We heard it as well, it was very loud and annoying, but we were not in the room long enough to care and actually did not call to complain about it. I am sure if I would have called and said something, they would have moved me, I especially thought John and Troy at the front-desk was helpful. They called the room about 20 mins. after we checked in to make sure everything was OK and nothing about the room was bad enough to switch rooms. The room was very small though. It did have high ceilings, but if I paid any more than 79.00 a night, I would have been upset with the exact room I got. I know it was a smaller room at the hotel, as I saw the floor plan posted on the doorway. For the fact the hotel was empty, I wish they had put us in a larger room, but oh well. We got a room with a queen. It was very small for two of us. Better for one person. We barely had room to move. There was not enough room for our luggage and no room in the bathroom for anything other than a few items on the sink. There is no vanity. We got a room with an over-sized tub. I would have liked a double head-shower more.The room was decorated very cool with local New Orleans images hanging on the wall, it had a neat tour book and other books to read and we loved the CD player with a choice of CD's to pick from. Every day when we got back, the housekeeping started the CD player, so it was on to greet us. I will say housekeeping was very good in our case, but the hotel was empty so they had time to pay attention. They stopped by the room to ask if we wanted turn-down service. Also brought ice very promptly. Others commented on the rooms looking worn, but ours was not worn. The flower was a nice touch, I liked the nightstands, they were made out of metal. Looked hand-crafted. The headboard did have a few stains, but honestly I didn't notice until I looked at a picture I took with my digital camera of the room. The honor bar is a bit expensive, but really not that bad. They have a really nice selection of items from shirts and hats you can buy to MM's and shaving cream and toothpaste. They have bathrobes and an umbrella in the room for your use. Just don't take the bathrobe, they will charge you $70.00. The lighting could have been brighter, that is one complaint I really do have. I know they are trying to give it that dark feel, but there is no overhead light in the room except by the doorway. We found the bed to be comfortable and pillows were good also. Our view was terrible and the air conditioner sound sucked so make sure you get a room with a view away from the Bank, where we think the sound was coming from. It looked like rooms that were ending in 05 and 06 were bigger. We were in a room ending in 04, which on all floors seems to be on the smaller side and an interior room. We basically had the view of the bank's ceiling that was next to us. The hotel is a little far from Bourbon, but only about a 5-7 min. walk depending on how fast you walk. Last year we stayed in the Quarter and it was a little better being right in the action. But I did like this hotel better than the Sonesta we stayed at last year. The location overall did not feel to far or threatening. It was a cozy feeling overall. Good for couples. If I got a good price, we would stay there again and just be sure to ask for a room with a view that was away from that air conditioner noise.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over-rated Over-rated. I think this may be a hotel that was very chic and novelty in its early days. I can see remnants of glory days, but it's a bit too untidy and worn (not in a cool way) now. Goods: Bathroom awesome, CD player. Bads: Uncomfortable beds (a bit dirty head board and bed spread), bar a bit dirty.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay My fianc茅e' and I spent the night at the International House on November 20th. We attended the Hornets game on Saturday night and the Saints game on Sunday. We were completely satisfied---with the hotel, not with the games as our teams went 0 for 2. The hotel's atmosphere is very nice and extremely clean. When we called for ice, it was delivered to our room within 5 minutes. The only complaint that I would have would be the parking. They advise you to give them at least 20 minutes to retrieve your vehicle. I called at 6 pm for my car so that we would be able to make it to the Hornet's game for 7:00. Well by 6:40, I told the doorman that I needed my car now or I would be late for tip-off. They could not get my car in time, so they got us a cab and just refunded it back to us. It ended up being easier that way. This problem was fixed on Sunday morning and it only took 10 minutes to retrieve my car. We ordered chocolate covered strawberries from room service and they were delicious. The front desk staff was extremely courteous and helpful. The room was not very big, but the high ceiling made it feel bigger than it was. The extra large shower with two showerheads was also very nice. Quiet, nice hotel for a romantic evening, but would not recommend for small children. We can not wait to stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was charged for a night I did not stay there. I was in New Orleans for a conference, and decided to check out early. Despite telling them before 9:00 a.m., I was still charged for that day. They said I had violated their, cancelation policy.It is close to the French Quarter, just make sure you don't want to leave early.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place to stay I keep an apartment in New Orleans which was recently being remodeled. My girlfriend and I went for a weekend, I decided to stay at the IH. I had always wanted to and really like LOA (the bar.) Our room was impressive, small, but very comfortable. The bathroom was of a great size, the bathtub was wonderful and large enough for two, comfortably. The CD player and jazz CDs next to the bed was great, got much use. The staff was very polite. I never felt mistreated during the day when I went out in jeans and a t-shirt. Perhaps some people have a self-esteem problem, who knows. I would stay again.  Also, try Lemongrass, very good place to eat.I do agree that the parking is VERY overpriced. We parked elsewhere and took a cab after dropping off our kit.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fat_elvis_luv
<Content>Hip, minimalist, serene. Beautiful lobby and rooms. Fantastic bed and shower. Quiet, peaceful and relaxing. Ultra-clean. I've stayed here several times and have never been disappointed. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Soooo Hip! This hotel is very, very hip. So much so that some of my companions did not like it. Personally, I loved it. The lobby and hallways have high celings and are so dark that the tiny lights seem to float on air. The rooms are equally tall with a high ceiling fan and jazz on the radio everytime you walk in. The muted colors, darkness and lights, jazz, and the big soft bed really lulled me to a deep sleep every night. The place was very clean from top to bottom (one staff has the job of polishing all the mirrors every afternoon), and the front desk staff very friendly. Again - I loved the place but some of my friends found it too dark and too quiet. If you like this kind of cool atmosphere - its a great place for you.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vinelover
<Content>International House was superb We just returned from a wonderful trip to New Orleans and chose the I.H. after the reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. It was a mostly tranquil hotel, except for the car horns in the garage across the street. We loved the location and the expert service. The Aveda bath products and the classy decor were a delight. The room was immaculate, the beds so comfortable, and the baths very upscale. It was a relaxing change from the action on Bourbon Street. We highly recommend this hotel to couples vacationing in N.O. or for those there on business. We would have enjoyed a little more light and in-room coffee but other than that it was a lovely sanctuary.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VermontAussie
<Content>Loved the International House Just got back! Visited 9/23 - 9/27/04...When making the reservation with Michael on the phone, I knew I had the right place. His personality came right across the phone line and I knew I found the right place. Upscale, casual elegant hotel, great location with helpful, intelligent and upbeat employees. Our room was a corner with lots of natural light, jazz CD's, clean and quiet. Enjoyed hanging at the bar, it was very relaxing (although I would caution those drinking chocolate martinis!!!) Bartenders were very friendly. Troy (front desk) was amazing and his smile was contagious. This was my first trip to N.O. and I am definitely going back! Travel with someone who's company you enjoy, make sure they love good food, coffe, music, walking and having fun! It worked for me! Great place to eat right down the street on Canal, the Palace- (crab cheesecake, amazing app) Had my first Oyster, ever... at Felix's... The Quarter is great, but make sure you check out The Garden District too, great quiet places to hang out. Was even lucky enough to catch a LSU Football game, amazing energy!!!... It was one of my top ten vacations! I'll Be Back!!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VegasLovers
<Content>International House  We stayed at the International House 9/23-9/27...was suppose to be only until the 26th but Hurricane Jeanne made it possible for us to stay one extra night. The location is convenient, just two blocks off Canal behind the Sheraton...and 4 blocks to casino. The mood is very romantic with all the candles in the lobby and the inside bar. Very cosy. Our room was a bit small, but for 99.00 it was acceptable. Ask for a corner room if you can get one. The staff were very nice, saying hello and goodnight each time we entered...even laughing when we appeared the next morning to have stayed out too long. Ate at Red Fish Grill and had a filet. It was OK...but for the price, I expected better. We go to NO every year and I would consider staying here again...only not in the summer (no pool, jacuzzi) but get a bigger room. Our friends traveling with us stayed at the Hotel Monteleone on Royal...GREAT location (one block from Bourbon) and very elegant...theirs was 99.00 night too. Great rooftop pool...revolving bar in lobby, and big high ceilings in the rooms. The bartenders at Harrahs are GREAT...QUE and Billy Ray...very generous. Our best drinks in NO were at Harrahs...and we even won some money!!!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pearlgal7
<Content>Nice Rooms...Somewhat haughty My husband and I stayed at the International House for two nights in May of 2004. Our room was beautiful. The jazz CD playing on the cd player in the room as we walked in was a nice welcome! However, we did feel uncomfortable walking through the lobby in jeans. The hotel staff, although polite, are somewhat stiff and unwelcoming, which did not lend to a relaxing stay. The parking was so expensive, and one night we had to wait almost an hour for our car, a situation which was finally resolved by a very kind valet parking attendant. Finally, the hotel is not close enough to the French Quarter to be able to feel safe walking to and from it at night. Of course, where do you feel safe walking at night in New Orleans?!An attractive hotel, but I would not return, especially not with children.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Taralm10
<Content>Will Stay at the IH Again We had a wonderful stay at the IH. We got an upgraded room for no additional charge! People were friendly, room was clean  decorated more like a room at home than a hotel. Short walk to the busy Quarter. Good getaway from the craziness. Will plan to stay here again for sure!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jockdoc
<Content>Excellent ambience I went in April and got a great deal on their website for $89 for 2 nights then $129 for last 2 nights. I loved the ambience of the hotel. The front desk staff were great. I loved having wireless internet access in my room. My wife who came with me enjoyed it so much, she said this would be the model for future hotel stays for her.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for couples! My husband and I stayed at the International House and loved it! Soooooo much more than we expected-- it's a hip, modern place which appeals to younger crowd. It's a sexy getaway for couples!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip, Ultramodern haven This hotel was not what I expected! It was a wonderful, modern hotel that you'd expect in a big city like San Fran, L.A. or NY. The front desk was very kind and helpful; the lobby was fabulous; the beds were comfortable...most of all, the bathroom was amazing. The showers were huge with glass doors from floor to ceiling. A bar in the lounge was very convenient and you can't hear a thing from there during peak hours. Plus, not a far walk from Bourbon Street and an even closer walk to great restaurants on nearby major streets. I would stay here again when in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty rooms Came to New Orleans for work. Have been several times, but this was the first stay at International House. This hotel had a good rate, but when I arrived I found out why. The rooms were dirty. Not just old paint and stained bedding. The tubs / showers needed a good scrubbing and wallpaper was peeling. There were three of us in separate rooms, and all the rooms were dirty.My 2 coworkers and I stayed one night and checked out, telling them exactly why we were leaving. It took hours and hours of phone calls to get a partial refund for the remaining nights on our reservations, they wanted to charge us for the full 5 nights.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place!! The Hotel is great...with very reasonable price, excellent location!!! Trust me... you will like it!!!  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The IH soothes the soul I travel to New Orleans at least once a month. I usually try to give different hotels a chance, but the last year, the IH has gotten my business. The beds are great, the hotel is quiet and the bar is exceptional. If want a little Zen like retreat from the noise of NO, this is your place. My only complaint would be to have high-speed internet access in all of the rooms. A positive is that if you forget your laptop, there is a computer to use in the lobby for free.A simple recomendation: ask for a room away from the elevators. Enjoy!  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated the International House Awful !!! Stayed here for a wedding. Not sure what type of customer is the focus. Poor lighting in the rooms and hallways. No ice machines (it must be delivered by a bellboy with tip). No soda machines. Honor bar very expensive. Parking was 26.00 a night, although the La Quinta right next door was charging 17.00 to park in the same car lot !!!. I'll stay there next time. Terrible view on the inside rooms. Lobby was extremely noisy when the bar was busy. Not good for families. Being a business traveler also, I would never stay here again. Can't think of much that was good!!By the way, there was no customer comment card in room. Wonder why ???  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Everything about the International House My husband and I came to New Orleans to celebrate our 5th anniversary, and were welcomed with open arms at the IH! From making my reservations with Michael, to Amy setting up lovely reservations at romantic restaurants, and in between the awesome bell boys and front desk girls...our trip was amazing. The bed is definitley the best I've ever slept on in a hotel. The bathtub was fabulous to soak in between our long jaunts through the french quarter and our long nights on Bourbon street. The bath products were awesome.our room was immaculate. The terry robes, umbrella, and jazz cds were very nice personal touches. The Lemongrass restaurant was great food and the service was excellent. Everyone was full of great suggestions and very helpful. We will definitley be back to the IH. Every request I asked them for, they met. The only thing I didn't get wasa balcony and that's because I wasn't in one of the very few rooms that had one. But believe me, with the huge windows ( and the drinking on Bourbon street) a balcony was not a necessity! We loved the hotel!!!!! We will definitley refer this hotel to all of our friends.  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel for a romantic getaway I too was a bit wary of this hotel from other posts but absolutely enjoyed my stay. Definintely a hotel for couples. The staff was wonderful. Our room was beautiful (politely requested a room with windows). The decor was lovely, it felt private and romantic. (we didn't hear any of the great music from the bar in the lobby). The room had a marble bathroom with two shower heads  aveda products, flowers, calm soothing decor, jazz cd's and cable. As as another poster stated - one of the most comfortable beds in the world. The staff was friendly, attentive, and willing to give local advice on where to go. Internet access. Great , hip bar with candelight and good music (also a local's hangout), walking distance to Harrah's, Huey's 24/7 (a great casual but hip restaurant with good food) and just across Canal Street from the French Quarter (near Cafe Du Monde). Highly recommend this hotel for travelers who like sophistication at a reasonable price. (read: hip boutique hotel)  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip, Comfortable  I was first attracted to the International House because articles I'd read and the hotel's own website hinted at similarity to Tribeca Grand and Soho Grand, two hotels I love. While travel media sang its praises, some guest reviews were less than stellar, but I decided to go with my gut feeling-- that the place would be unique, luxurious, and hip-- and I was well rewarded. The staff is young, polished, professional, and charming (not to mention attractive!). They were quick to assist us with absolutely anything we asked for. Their knowledge of the city and its public transportation options helped us see some out-of-the-way places with ease. Our room was perfect. Nicely appointed, with high-quality linens, a spacious bathroom with a great tub, high ceilings, and a wonderful view of Camp Street and the city beyond. If you've stayed in New York hotels, rooms are similarly on the small side, but by no means uncomfortably so. We enjoyed many a cocktail from the seductive, candlelit bar, Loa, and dinner at Lemongrass was excellent. Breakfast offerings and service were not outstanding.Most of all, we were impressed with International House's attention to detail. The small touches-- Aveda amenities, Frette linens, and the way they communicate their sincere hope for your comfort in everything they do, right down to the zen-inspirational vellum bookmark they leave for you. All of their graphics and printed pieces are cohesive and written with love and humor-- the toilet paper is wrapped in chic beige vellum and advises you to Never leave a paper trail. We appreciated these touches and enjoyed every moment of our stay there.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaonyc
<Content>Not for business traveler This hotel may have once been the place to be, but the staff/management need to remember that it requires work to stay at the top. Service levels at this hotel have deteriorated. Staff unable to make decisions and were required to contact manager who was offsite. Work desk in room with no outlet.. working outlet was behind bed, or across room. One high speed internet connection in the entire hotel. If you are in New Orleans for vacation or fun, this hotel might work, but for business travelers who are working, i suggest you look elsewhere.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adored this hotel Was in New Orleans for a meeting at the Sheraton, which is nice enough but huge, impersonal, expensive. This hotel is right around the corner and an absolute oasis if you're in town for big convention center meetings. Everything in the French Quarter is within walking distance. It has a European feel- the colors are muted  the lighting soft, especially in the candlelit bar (which makes a darn fine martini). My room was small but cozy, with a CD player stocked with CDs from local jazz musicians. I loved the local focus on the artwork and furniture. But the best part was the super deep soaking tub. I cannot wait to go back.   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cynergy
<Content>My Fears were Unfounded Stayed at the IH for Easter weekend. I must confess I was concerned about some of the negative reviews, but was pleasantly surprised to find that the hotel was wonderful. Much controversy over the dark hallways. They're definitely unusual, but I liked it - I found it very New Orleans-y, and somewhat calming. Our room was very nice - corner room, plenty of space to move around, nice, big bathroom. I found the neutral color scheme very soothing, loved the jazz CDs in the room, and the bed was great. The only negative - lots of street noise and horns honking from the parking garage across the street. The front desk staff was hit or miss - depended on who was there. The bellmen/valets were great. It's not really a family kind of place - but was great for a romantic get-away. And so close to the French Quarter and the River.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent I was apprehensive given some of the reviews. I have to agree that the place is a little dark. It seems the hallways are dark so you won't notice the dingy walls and carpet. The rooms are also a little dark but it's tolerable with all the lights on.For the most part, the women at the front desk were very pleasant and helpful. No complaints in that department. On the first night we ordered room service for breakfast and it arrived in 15-20 minutes. On the second night we ordered coffee and tea and it took over 45 minutes to arrive.The restaurant downstairs, Lemon Grass, is decent although a little overpriced. Some of the food was great but other items just so-so.The IH tries to be a hip hotel and this is reasonably well accomplished in the lobby area (compared to other hotels). The rest of the hotel is pretty average. But compared to the Doubletree (where I had to stay at the end of my trip because the IH didn't have the type of room we needed), the IH is a million times better. Oh yeah, and they have free wifi which was a big plus for me.Overall I was pleased with my stay. I don't think it's as nice as Ian Shrager hotels but the staff seemed to be doing a decent job on my visit.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JCW
<Content>Cool decor, disappointing room Great design, trendy, welcoming staff, comfortable and cool bar, decent restaurant......and a tiny, dark room with a view over an inner courtyard. Stylishly-designed, but no space to work, hardly space to move.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>narnialady
<Content>Great girls' getaway weekend My best friend and I went to New Orleans for a weekend and found a great deal on expedia for the International House. We shared a king size bed that we really wanted to bring home with us, it was so comfortable. We've actually bought pillows from there since returning. When we walked in the room they had jazz softly playing and I loved the dim lighting of the entire hotel. The bar there is a great place to start the evening with many beautiful people, although a bit pricey. I'd definitely stay here again if I could ever find those great rates in the future, otherwise the cost is out of my budget.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 4 star Far too many other places to stay than this. Looking at the reviews they started with a bang but someone seems to not know how to run a 4 star hotel . Bad service, almost rude at times, wish I had read your reviews first. Stay at one of the Renaissance Hotels or the Fairmont, they know how to run a real 4 star hotel at about the same price. Things I hated: 1. No coffee pot in room, had to order up, took 45 minutes and 12.98 dollars later. When calling to check on delay got rude response. 2. Restaurant closed during Mardi Gras (meaning no room service) 3. No pay per view movies 4. All ice had to be delievered via room service Things I liked: 1. 190. 00 during Fat Tuedsay Mardi Gras (same as Hilton) 2. Rooms had great style, comfort, flowers, and shower. Lobby bar was all candle light and dark, but I liked that. 3. Great view, room was clean, we had a non smoking room.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very dissapointing We had to upgrade our room on arrival (for an additional $100) because they had given us a room with 1 double bed instead of a room with 2 single beds as requested. The room they put us in was next to some kind of very loud air conditioning unit that made a disturbing noise every 15 minutes. So i asked if they could move us to a quieter room, they said they would within half an hour. 3 hours later we were eventually moved to a reasonable room. The rest of the stay passed without complaint but the initial experience left us with a sour taste in our mouths.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Experience Booked standard room in October 2003 for a January 2004 stay - through ****. Upon our arrival to hotel, the clerk informed us that they went ahead and made arrangments for us at a different hotel. Please keep in mind that we were not informed prior to our arrival, and they charged our credit card back in October. The clerk simply stated that there was a 'plumbing problem' and that we would need to load our items back up, go two blocks further away, and stay at a different hotel. We were confused as their were many other guests. The hotel's valet stated to us this happens all the time - they just overbook the place. My husband asked, is the other hotel nice? The valet replied, I park cars there too - it's not as nice as this one. Absolutely no apology offered by any member of the staff. Of course I inquired about the charge to our card - they said it would be refunded - as of yet, no refund. I contacted ****, they stated we will not be receiving a refund. In the end, the International House paid for our room - that they booked for us - at a hotel we would have NEVER chosen. Honestly, we were shocked at their boldness - they did not ask us if these arrangements met our approval. They simply handed us a voucher for the other hotel, and gave us directions! And sent us on our way. They have lost these yearly visitors forever!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing ... soothing to the soul! We just returned from New Orleans where we spent four nights at the International House. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and highly recommend International House. If you plan to visit the French Quarter, this is the perfect location - close yet removed from the Quarter. Since other hotels are located within the same block, we felt safe walking the two short blocks from Canal Street even at night. The hotel's sedate decor definitely is the perfect retreat for a romantic escape. At night, the city's lights sparkle through the large windows. From our corner room on the seventh floor, we even saw a cruise ship anchored on the Mississippi. Remember to pack bath salts so that you can enjoy a relaxing bath in the deep tub. Having the CD player in the room enhanced the atmosphere. The bed was exceptionally comfortable! Also, the hotel staff went above and beyond what's typically expected to assure that our visit was an exceptional experience. They recommended jazz clubs and restaurants beyond those typically experienced by tourists. Be sure to have dinner at Jacque Imo's! We're so glad that we stayed at International House and hope that you'll enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel, but make sure to confirm your reservation b4 you get there... The hotel is unique in many ways and, in most, our stay was very enjoyable but there were a few un-pleasant incidents. First, upon our arrival on New Year's Eve, the front desk clerk had no record of our reservation that we had made through Expedia. Next, the room that was 'reserved for us' had no windows but we were able to switch for a twenty-five dollar per night upcharge. Amenities included nice Aveda toiletries and huge shower, steeply priced honor bar, great coffee in the lobby in the mornings, helpful staff (Kish (sp?) @ the front desk was very personable and visible our entire stay. Overall, it is a great place to stay but will probably check out another hotel on our next stay. BTW, stay away from Victor's (@ the Ritz-Carlton), we spent around five hundred dollars on dinner for the two of us and it was the worst service and food we had the entire stay!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Stayed at the IHotel for 3 days and absolutely loved everything about it. Would definitely recommend it and stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenhong98
<Content>Good, But Lacking Hospitality My husband and I stayed in a standard room for 3 nights last week. The rooms were very clean and the decor (Pottery Barn/Crate and Barrel-ish) suited us better than some of the other French antique-ey places we saw on the internet. The jazz playing in the rooms gave the hotel the New Orleans flavor that distinguished it from a nice hotel in Any Other City, USA.We liked the large bathtub (looked like it was made for a small basketball player), the lobby computer, the Aveda bath products, the convenient location (away from the FQ, but still safe at night), the quiet atmosphere, the cleanliness, the modern furnishings.We didn't like the soft mattress and sparse bedding (we're used to Starwood's Heavenly Bed), the bar was uptight, and the room was too dark and stuffy (climate-wise). But the thing we didn't like the most was the sarcastic and condescending tone of the hotel literature. For example, in the closet, on the hanger for the robes, there's a card that reads something like, respect me and make sure I'm hung up after you use me. In the bathroom, another card says something about making us fold the towels nicely on the towel bar. I can't remember specifics, but that type of tone was everywhere. It made us feel like we weren't welcome to make ourselves at home. It made us feel like guests.Overall, it was worth the $95 rate we paid. We booked it through quickbook, who matched Expedia's rates, but without the extra fees.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool decor, great bar, free wi-fi, helpful staff We stayed at the IHouse for 3 days in late December, 2003. Our room was disapointingly small (the smallest one on the floor, according to the emergeny exit floorplan), but very clean and very tastefully decorated, with a fresh flower next to the bed. Cool local jazz was playing from the in-room CD player when we stepped through the door - a nice welcome to New Orleans. This hotel has free wi-fi in all rooms and in the lobby, and a free laptop in the lobby for quick lookups. The wifi in our room worked OK, but tended to go in and out occassionally. In the lobby it worked great. There is a fantastic bar in this hotel (slick and pricy), and our bartender was full of great recommendations for local clubs and restaurants. Although this hotel is just a very short walk from the French Quarter, it is on a street that is quiet at night, so you'll be able to sleep. All-in-all, we had a great time at this place and were impressed.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at the International House I stayed at the International House with 5 other guys the rooms were nice great value, clean. The service and staff were really great. Workout room a little small and the lighting a little dark but would stay there again. Great location a few blocks from the quarter but quiete.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elvisisdead
<Content>Solid Hotel in great location Hip, fun hotel only 2 blocks from the French Quarter (you can actually get some rest here). Rooms come in all different sizes; ours was fairly spacious (for an old building) with a large updated bathroom and was very clean. The CD player with CDs was a nice touch. Loa bar in the lobby is one of THE places to see and be seen in NO. No complaints here.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good place if you can get the right rate I would say the international house was a good place to stay for the price I paid. Only a couple of blocks from French Quarter. Staff was attentive. Room was average size, but cleaner than many of the hotels I have stayed at in NO. Only problem I had was at checkout when they attempted to bill me for an outrageous charge for honor bar for previous guest stay. After speaking with manager he finally realized that charges were for the day before we checked in.I would definitely stay again as long as I could get the reasonable rates that I received this time  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RedHead13
<Content>Great Perks for a Great Price!       The Front of the International House Hotel  
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay At IH At check in you cant hear a thing with the loud music and you cant see a thing because its so dark! Dont expect anything better when you get to your room, or should I say closet. The room was so small a piece of luggage cant fit beside the bed. At least we had a window. A couple we were speaking to in the bar(smokey) told us they didnt have a window in there room. And the walls arent much to look at. Grey and more dull colors, or lack there of color! Please stay anywhere but this so-called hotel. Its no better then Motel6.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location; Very nice!!! My husband and I stayed at the International House the weekend of Aug 7-10, 2003, for our 14th anniversary and had a wonderful time. We had a deluxe king room that overlooked Camp Street and received the summer special rate of $69/night. Great price made it even better. This room was just the perfect size, very clean, comfy bed, staff is exceptionally nice and helpful. The bathroom was huge with a huge tub, also. The hotel is in the perfect location; two blocks from Canal and then you're two blocks from Bourbon Street (on your left) and the Riverwalk/Aquarium/Harrah's is about four blocks(on your right). Everything is within walking distance. I highly recommend this hotel!!! One word of advice, though. When you leave, call down ahead of time to have your car delivered. We waited on ours for about 30 minutes after checking out.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't stay at International House again! It is an over priced hotel. We paid $350.00 for a room with four white walls(floor 11 doesn't have any windows), the room smelt like a cave, the shower head and iron were broken, the room service food was pretty bad, the fresh flowers they promised looked like a pitiful weed, the phones went down so you couldn't use you phone card, the rooms were small, no bath tub in room and the lobby looked ridden hard and put away wet. Most of the staff was nice, but when I complained about my room and that I was embarrassed I choose this hotel not only for me but also for friends meeting us their, they said if you have a problem with my room I could switch with you friends. If I had paid $69.99 for this room I wouldn't feel so bad, but $350.00 was outrageous.What you see on the hotels website is not what you get.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

