<Author>Beans1284
<Content>Amazing Experience! We had originally booked our trip through Expedia, which we encountered several problems with in the time before our visit. We ended up dealing directly with the staff at the Nine Zero, and were so happy we did! Even before our trip (which was the first time for both of us in Boston), staff members contacted us to offer ideas on things to do, sites to visit, and restaurants to try. We were in Boston to celebrate 25th birthday, and Thomas Burke (the concierge) gave me ideas for a great surprise! We also brought our dog, as the Nine Zero is a pet-friendly hotel. I have to stress the friendly in pet-friendly. There are chain hotels that do allow pets, but the staff at the Nine Zero truly cater to you and your pet! Our dog was personally greeted (as were we) by all the staff including the doorman, reception agents, and more. There was room service, which our dog loved! They brought him an amazing dinner and dessert on a platter, he could barely contain his excitement when it arrived!The Nine Zero gets it right, down to the smallest detail, and they were helpful before, during, and after our trip. If you are looking for an amazing experience from a world-class staff, this is the place to be!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>Central location, nice view We paid extra for one of the premier view king rooms and thought the price was well worth it. From our room we could look down onto the Granary Burying Ground, and northeast towards Cambridge. Nice to be able to look over the rooftops; much better than looking straight onto another building.The bed was super comfortable. I would have liked a bathtub, but the shower was fine. Lovely L'Occitane soaps, too.We were able to walk to the waterfront, the North End, Beacon Hill and Back Bay. The Park St. T station is located very close by if you're not a keen walker. If you want to take the T from the Airport, the Blue Line will take you straight to Government Center, and it's about a 5-10 minute walk from there. Or change to the Green Line and get off at Park Street.Originally, we thought of booking the Mandarin Oriental, but Nine Zero was literally half the price. It's good value, and we'll probably be back.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>leorakaye
<Content>Great place to stay We had a wonderful stay at the hotel. It was a beautiful place, they were attentive to everything we needed and gave us an upgrade when I emailed to say we were looking for the evening to be a respite for some busy times for me and my husband. They were wonderful, the place was classy and we had a great experience.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drboothy
<Content>Lovely hotel, friendly staff We stayed at Nine Zero for 4 nights in the middle of November. From the moment we arrived the staff were helpful and polite. The room size was fine and the bed was amazingly comfortable (and although we didn't use it we could have selected our pillows from the pillow menu!). Free wireless internet which connected quickly and without any problems plus and iPod dock in the room were very useful.The nicest touch of all was the wine reception each night (5-6pm) in the foyer - perfect for the moment at the end of a long day sight seeing or shopping when all you want to do is relax! It was of course very popular but if there was nowhere to sit the staff were quick to suggest taking a glass back to the room!We had no complaints about our stay, this was a fantastic hotel.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drlaz
<Content>Excellent business hotel Unfortunately, my two-day stay started late (thanks, United Airlines), at 3:45 am. The staff were quite cheerful for such an hour. Room and bed were excellent. The bed was huge; the room was not.I found surprisingly few moderate-priced restaurants in the area, and much of the neighborhood was nearly empty after business hours.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stacey0303
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel - Staff was Wonderful Booked this hotel for one night and we were glad we did. It was my husband, myself and our 20-month old son. We had a room on the 14th floor (didn't check out the view). The room itself was large w/a king bed, flat screen tv and two lounge chairs, very modern feel. The free internet was super fast. The bathroom was also large and the shower pressure was very good. My son enjoyed opening and closing the various drawers and doors (seems to be in that stage).We ate dinner around the corner at Scolly Square and returned to the KO Prime Lounge in the hotel for some beers and martinis. The bar is very loungy and wasn't crowded so it was perfect b/c we had our son with us and he could roam around. We ate breakfast at KO Prime - we received a free continental breakfast from the hotel. The continental breakfast was plentiful and very good - hubby had the french toast which he enjoyed very much.This hotel is within walking distance to the Boston Commons, the Aquarium and Fanuiel Hall. I would highly recommend this hotel when staying in Boston. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful - one gentlemen even brought up my son's pacifier we left in the restaurant.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gdmard
<Content>The most atrocious experience I had Cons: - Reading great things about this hotel, I booked it and I was terribly dissappointed at how it turned out to be. - Deluxe and premier rooms have no view at all. They will either have a window in front of you or a concrete wall.- The tables, desk and phone were dusty, and not cleaned in advance.- The bathroom floor got all wet and called customer service to come in as quickly as possible, told them myself. Receptionist called me 2 hours later to tell me that they did not knock on my door because I had the private sign. Take into account that a first customer service came in the room to see the problem and suggested to call someone else to solve it. Of course he did knock in the door regardless of the sign.- The TV had terrible reception and noise every 5 seconds. - There is no complimentary drinks or food in the minibar. Everything has to be paid at checkout, even a cookie is 5 dollars. - To request some bathroom appliances they charge you more than 6 dollars per request. - Parking is 38 dollars, not including taxes, per night. And they don't tell you where the car is parked or let you go see the car. Parking fees are not specified when booking accomodations in this hotel. - The location of the hotel is not at all good or convenient. I read more than 50 reviews relating to the location of the hotel being so good, and found out that it wasn't at all. Everything is far away. - The hotel charges for its business center. - Your booking doesn't include complimentary breakfast, taking into account that it charges no less than 200 dollars a night. - The design is terrible, there are long tall curtains everywhere that cover what it's supposed to be a nice wall design, or maybe a picture.- The breakfast menu will not cost less than 20 dollars for one person and that doesn't include what is usually requested.- The less expensive dinner menu will be the same for twice what a regular dinner will cost you at a regular restaurant like Chilys or Bertuccis. - They charge 10 dollars for a map. A map which is free about 10 blocks from the hotel in a city hall area. - The only thing a got from this place is how they want to squeeze more dollars. The taxed 80 cents for a coca cola I drank one night. Also, the first thing they ask is when will your dinner reservations be, of course, the cheapest dinner plate will run you over 40 dollars per person!.- I upgraded my room and at 7 or 8 am heard a lot of noise on the 12th floor. - There is only 1 bathrobe for use. The rest, even socks, are IN the room, but for sale only.Terrible hotel, I've stayed over 100 hotels in different countries and the US, this has been the worse. But why the worse? basically because you pay as a luxury hotel and expect the best. Hotwire ranks this place as a 4.5 star hotel. I certainly will give it a 3 like Ramada or Holiday Inn. My upfront suggestion to a couple, young people and everybody that has a sense of reality, do not spend time or money in the Nine Zero Hotel in Boston. Give your money to charity and you will feel much better. That's what I did after I came home.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	4	3	1	

<Author>Tellurian
<Content>Cool Hotel, Warm Welcome I zeroed in on this hotel for a special occasion and was very satisfied with my choice. The location is ideal for walking to many of Boston's features and it's very near the Park Street T stop, which has access to red and green lines, so getting to further points is simple. Staff exuded genuine warmth and the rooms, as others have described, are comfortable, indeed. The decor is a pleasing mixture of fun/formal, modern/cushy. We were just ordinary travelers, but got the VIP treatment (not in a bowing and scraping kind of way, which I cannot stand), but with a room upgrade and a tasty fruit bowl. Great bed, elegant bathroom, super view with morning light--ahh--that and good vibrations added up to a Nine Zero close to perfection. Our only complaint? Don't laugh--clean towels---meaning in spite of the hotel having a green initiative that asks guests to hang up and reuse towels, ours were replaced daily. We already addressed this issue with management and were assured the practice would be better implemented. Thanks Nine Zero - we plan to return.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tymelyron
<Content>9.0 for Nine Zero Stayed at Nine Zero last weekend in a Queen Queen Premier room; we had gotten a great promotional rate after having signed up on the Kimpton website. There are only 10 rooms on each floor and spaced well so it was very quiet and private. The room was very clean, as was the bathroom, and the decor was ultra modern. The bed had multiple pillows of differing firmness, with more varieties to be had at the desk. The bed was most comfortable with a soft pillow top. The staff was most courteous, and the location was great, within a 10 minute walking distance to the TD Banknorth Center and the North End. My only issues were no free access to a computer for email (charges apply in the business center) and no complimentary coffee available in the morning (though a coffee machine for the room can be requested.) Other than that, I would highly recommend Nine Zero.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>luvmybasset
<Content>EXCELLENT. Perfect all around. VERY dog friendly! Went to Boston for just the weekend. Hotel is perfectly located in the center of Boston. You can walk to the Park T stop and get to any part of the city. Just off the Commons and easy walking to Faneuil Hall, Newbury street, Beacon Hill or Charles street. We brought Dudley our basset hound since Kimpton hotels a VERY dog friendly. They had a bowl of treats and his name on a plaque. In our room was a doggie bed, food and water bowl, on a cute doggie mat and a welcome card from the hotel for Dudley! We drove and getting to the hotel was really easy. Valet parking was a little pricy at $38.00 a day. Check in was a breeze and our room was large and clean. Staff was awesome! This is an excellent hotel and we will stay again.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CharlieTBJ
<Content>Great Time! We have nothing but great things to report on our recent stay in Boston. The Nine Zero hotel was a marvelous hotel in a great location! Upon arrival in Boston our luggage was taken upstairs, and we enjoyed complementary wine tasting to kick off our vacation. The concierge provided great recommendations for restaurants in the area, as well as things to do while we were in the city. We really enjoyed the hotel room. Extremely comfortable bed, and great shower with nice bath products. Staff were extremely tentative to service, and went out of their way to ensure our trip was an enjoyable one. Book your stay at the NineZero to ensure your stay in Boston is a memorable one. Cheers!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kmiller25
<Content>Disappointed in pricing structure Having stayed at the Nine Zero before, I was looking forward to a romantic weekend there. After searching various hotel sites (Priceline, Hotels.com, etc.), we thought we found a great deal for the weekend at around $320, as opposed to the $400+ listed on other sites. We also paid a fee to get an upgrade if one was available. We arrive -- a better room IS available! With, apparently, a view! We take it... only to discover the view is a rather limited, blocked view the building across from us (and maybe a bit of the Common, if we straaaaaaaaaain our necks)On checkout, we also get socked with a bill for $400+ per night...because taxes weren't listed on the hotel site (they were on other sites...creating the idea that other sites were more expensive).The TV was a little wonky as well...but I fixed that myself. (loose connection)On the plus side: amazing bed. Clean. Smallish, but good-looking room. And the bar/restaurant attached to the hotel had great cocktails...  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>lancet72
<Content>The hotel you are looking for We booked this hotel on Expedia and since it was a special occasion - we wrote the hotel an email to let them know. After reading thegreat reviews on Tripadvisor we expected to be happy with the choice, but the hotel was far better than that.. They upgraded us to one of their best corner rooms on 17th floor with breathtaking views of Boston. Entering the room we found a bottle of Champagne on ice and strawberries... The room and the hotel itself were spotlessly clean, the reception staff extremely efficient and polite. The bed was fantastically comfortable and the bedding was top notch. And the shower pressure makes you stay there forever :-) This is definitely a number one hotel in Boston.Do yourself a favor and choose it for your next stay in Boston.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rakibey
<Content>Great hotel in Boston Nine Zero is a really great hotel in the center of Boston. Hotel service is very professional and nice. Hotel atmosphere is relaxed and trendy.Rooms are very spacy and nice. Fresh furniture and rooms that feels nice and clean. Free internet access is a good feature at the hotel.Only recommendations for this hotel  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>CruzanTom
<Content>Nine Zero - Pros and Cons I have stayed in many Boston Hotels and recently stayed at the Nine Zero twice. Pros: Centrally located, Excellent and courteous Staff (I had good experiences with all, including front desk, valets, housekeeping and room service), good restaurant and bar in hotel, free wine hour each evening, free WiFi, comfortable beds.Cons: Rooms are a bit small and high priced (but much in mid-town Boston is, too), furniture is old, TVs are old with poor speakers and color adjustment (in both recent stays my TV speaker was cracked causing a lisp sound), the robes and lingerie provided in the closet seemed strange (leopard or cheetah patterned boxers and camisoles).Suggestion to Management - Upgrade the rooms. Do what it takes to keep your staff happy, they are wonderful.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anita_7
<Content>Nice Hotel I have a mixed review of this hotel. On the plus side, its a lovely, clean hotel, with a very comfy bed and powerful shower. Its also centrally located. However, the reason for booking was for my partner's 40th birthday (and it wasn't cheap!), when we arrived I explained the reason for booking and asked if something could be done to help celebrate, i.e. have a room with a good view of the city, the girl on the front desk said we were in a nice room anyway at the front of the hotel, but our room was only on the 4th floor so we didnt get a good view. Also, they made a mistake with our booking as we had paid for 4 nights but they only had us booked in for 2 nights. Again we explained we had already paid for 4 nights and showed them confirmation of this, but when we got our bill they still added 2 more nights, so we had to sort this out too. I would however say the concierges were excellent, and very friendly and will help you in any way they can.Boston itself is a great city, with lots to see and do - I would definitely recommend the whale watching trip, this was amazing.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Freja3
<Content>Excellent! I highly recommend this hotel! Staff, rooms, location are all the reasons but like they say, it s all in the details. The boutique nature of this hotel will keep you coming back. They know how to make sure you're pleased in every way. They 're efficent, pleasant, professional and make you feel important to be a guest.Wine tasting is a must, beds super comfy, all the little ameneties in rooms like the cd, robes and socks, martini mixers, etc. make for a very cozy stay.oh, ask for a coffee maker in your room, it s not standard! Great little coffee maker!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lion_in_Exile
<Content>THANKS SO MUCH !!! I have stayed at the NINE ZERO a number of times during recent business trips to Boston. This weekend though, my wife and children were with me. It was my sons 3rd birthday and when we checked in, there was a birthday card for him, along with milk and cookies... A truly welcoming touch.. Thoroughly recommend the NINE ZERO, staff are great, location is great and the overall experience on all occassions has been top rate...  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jeonyc
<Content>Cheetah bathrobe!! That looks 10 years old! I stayed at the Nine Zero after looking through Boston's many hotels. I have been to several Kimpton's throughout the country for business. I was expecting to find a newer hotel.The lobby looked fantastic however for 336.00 a night I found the room to be old and weathered. The best part of the stay was the tattered Cheetah bathrobe in the closet- and to boot was a matching cheetah night outfit. The carpet was stained and walls seemed like they needed a refreshing. I believe I stayed on the sixth floor- which is very dark and gloomy and presents no views-except a dark alley way! My suggestion-rethink staying here!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>skigator93
<Content>Outstanding Place to Stay in Boston We just spent 4 glorious nights at the Nine Zero for our 10th Anniversary. The desk staff and concierge are all warm and friendly and the complimentary nightly wine tasting is a nice touch. The housekeeping staff was superb, both in cleaning the room in the morning and providing nightly turn-down service.The rooms are nice sized for Boston and the hotel has paid a lot of attention to detail. The king bed was very comfortable and covered with gazillion thread count sheets. The pillows started out fluffy, but then flatten out when you lay your head on them - no big deal though. The bathroom was roomy and water pressure was excellent. The toiletries were smelled great and were in adequate supply. The mini bar was well-stocked with more choices than the average hotel, including a martini bar with shaker, rimmers and several flavorings.The location is outstanding - virtually right across the street from Granary Burial Ground and Boston Commons, and a short walk (less than 10 minutes) to Fanueil Hall, Quincy Market, North End, etc. The Bean Town Pub next door was a very cozy pub and perfect for a bowl of chowder and a pint. The only negatives? Room service is a little slow - we requested a couple forks to eat our take out pastries from the North End. After about 15 minutes, we gave up and cancelled the request. Also, the hotel is a little too focused on selling you items from the room. Most hotels offer the robes for sale - but this one had pajamas hanging in the closet for sale, full-sized bottles of the toiletries, CDs, etc. etc. It was a little annoying, but really, who cares if that is the only negative thing to say about a hotel?!?I would highly recommend the Nine Zero for your next stay in Boston!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>duncanA
<Content>Great Service The Nine -Zero Hotel is in a great location, has nice rooms but most importantly has a great front of house team. Expert advice on where to eat in Boston which was spot on in terms of our requests and were happy to make bookings for us and get us into busy places during Boston's restaurant week. Excellent hotel in a big city.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Antal
<Content>Loved it! We booked this hotel on the basis of the rave reviews on TripAdvisor, and were not disappointed. We had a king premier room with a wonderful view over the Common (although I'd have liked an even higher floor had a room been available to make the most of the view). Service throughout our stay was impeccable and we found all the front desk staff and the concierges very helpful. The decor is very modern and possibly not to everyone's taste, but I really liked our room and found the bed extremely comfortable. I was disappointed to find that the cute socks and outfits in the wardrobe were not for use in the room but for sale only but I loved the quirky bathrobes.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>francy76Milano
<Content>Great Location I have stayed with my husband the Nine Zero from the 14th till the 17th of August, the location is just perfect, easy walking distance to almost everywere. The room was nicely decorated, the bed very very confortable. The negatives: the room was small and the air conditioning was too cold, almost freezing, and it is too expensive.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Xtaltips
<Content>High standards throughout Had a very enjoyable 3 night stay at the nine zero. The hotel is fitted out to a very high standard and the staff provided excellent service throughout our stay. I feel that the very few negative comments posted are of a very minor nature and not entirely accurate - some travellers seem to lack common sense - so I would encourage anyone to give this hotel serious consideration. BTW - wireless internet is free.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TravelFan_01
<Content>Loved it!! We stayed at Nine Zero for 3 nights, as an early 30th birthday present for my husband. It was on a whim that I thought of Boston so I rang up my travel agent to see if she had any weekend deals. I hadn't had time to do my research as I always usually do before I book a hotel but she knew the kind of hotels that we liked. She found a great deal for Nine Zero and told us that we would love it, so I trusted her judgement and went for it. We couldn't be more delighted that we did.When we arrived at Nine Zero, it was pretty late (about 10pm) because we had a nightmare with our flights and had been delayed in Philadelphia for a number of hours. So we were looking rather exhausted and bedraggled when we entered the beautiful lobby to say the least! So it was really nice to be greeted with a warm smile at the front desk when we checked in and we were immediately much more relaxed and at ease. We were given the keys to our room and we made our way up there through the gorgeously decorated public areas. It all felt so warm and welcoming and I'm sure that they have some kind of scent pumping through the heating or air con vents because the hotel even smelt beautiful!When we got to our room, we were absolutely delighted with it. It was spacious, clean and was decorated beautifully. The bathroom was lovely and the shower was great with really good pressure. The tolietries were gorgeous too. We found the bed really comfortable and everything that we could have wanted was in the room. We felt completely at home. The view out of the window was really pretty too.Because we had arrived at the hotel so late, we didn't really want to venture out to look for somewhere to eat so we decided to order room service on our first night. I rang up and ordered our meals and was told that it would be about 15 minutes. Over half an hour later, it still hadn't arrived so I rang up to check where it was. I wouldn't normally do that but we were so tired, having been on the go for almost 24 hours with no sleep and no opportunity to eat since the flight to Philadelphia. All we really wanted to do have dinner quickly and go straight to sleep. We were told that there had been a rush on in the restuarant but that it would arrive at any minute, and I almost felt a bit guilty for ringing up! Sure enough, it arrived soon afterwards and the lady who brought the food couldn't apologise enough. She even asked if there was anything we'd like to make up for the inconvenience which was very kind, although we didn't take her up on the offer. We just ordered cheeseburgers and fries and I have to say, that it really was tasty. It was fresh and hot, although the portion size was too much for us! My husband and I never happened to be in the hotel during the wine hour but it is a lovely little extra and a nice way for guests to socialise.The location of the hotel was absolutely superb. It was about a 10 minute walk to Quincy Market, 5 minutes to Downtown Crossing and probably less than 5 minutes to Boston Common. There were plenty of shops, restaurants and a cinema around the immediate area as well the more historical sights and walks of Boston just steps away. The general ambience of the hotel was just lovely. It was such a welcoming place to come back to after a day's sightseeing and I can't really can't fault the place.If we ever return to Boston in the future, we won't even think of looking at any other hotel but Nine Zero.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cf18
<Content>Great Hotel and Excellent Staff The Nine Zero was a great hotel. Stayed on 08/23/08 wish we could have stayed longer. Spent one night in Boston for Anniversary without the kids. The hotel was excellent from check in with complementary wine hour for guest in the lobby from 5Pm-6Pm. The room was a King Premier corner could not have asked for a better room for our anniversary. The room over looked the city. The rooms are modern and clean with walk in showers and marble. The hotel is right in the middle of everything and close to the subway. This hotel went above and beyond especially Rob the Concierge who sent a special gift to the room as a welcome and Anniversary present. It was unexpected and not necessary but greatly appreciated. We would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Boston and looking for a little more then your average chain hotel has to offer. Can not wait to return again soon.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Raerton
<Content>The Good, the Bad, the Ugly Visited Boston with my father the weekend of Aug 15-17, each staying in our own Queen Premier View room.The Good: unbeatable location in Boston, easy walking distance to many attractions, Boston Common, the waterfront, the subway, trolley tour stops etc. Rooms were well appointed and clean, the bed was extremely comfortable, liked the kooky robes in the room. Front desk extremely polite (although at times nauseatingly so).The Bad: housekeeping staff on multiple occasions entered the room as they knocked on the door, giving no reaction time to even say Just a second or even make one's self decent. Housekeeping did not replace wet towels left on the floor in the bathroom, or even hang them up. No water glasses in the bathroom, my father (who is half blind) had to hunt for glasses in the room, which are hidden BEHIND the mixers at the back of the mini-bar. The stopper in the tub in my father's room was stuck down, preventing water from draining out (he had to take apart the mechanism to allow drainage). Finally, the Premier View of his room on the 14th floor was of multiple air conditioning units on an adjacent rooftop.The Ugly: I was in room 1903, which is adjacent to the Cloud Nine Suite. I did not know the nature of that suite at the time, but by 2:30am Saturday morning I honestly thought it was a dance club. The loud music, people partying in the halls and drunken arguments were endless. There was a constant stream of partiers going in and out of that room. Two calls to the front desk yielded no results and it wasn't until a third (in which I offered to call the police myself) that front desk staff and security showed up on the scene to throw them out. Obviously, there was no rest that night for myself.I appreciate that the Cloud Nine Suite is likely a big moneymaker for the hotel and a selling point for the hotel. It is my opinion that certainly the adjoining rooms should not be rented when the Cloud Nine Suite is occupied, as I doubt this is the first or last time noise has been an issue on the 19th floor.Having said this, the front desk at checkout was very accommodating (in the only way that matters, as apologies are quite useless in my opinion) but this still created unnecessary anxiety.Overall I think the Nine Zero has a lot going for it, but there are many small details that need to be addressed by management.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>sammybaka
<Content>Awesome hotel Ninezero is one of the best hotel experiences I've had in recent memory. It's got a fantastic location near Boston Common and Downtown Crossing, with easy access to both the green line (e.g: back bay) and blue line (e.g: airport). The hotel is tastefully decorated, and everywhere from the lobby, elevator, room and bathroom were well lit and arranged. It even smelled nice and fresh.The staff was excellent and friendly, eager to help and provided very useful information. They all seemed to carry a genuine smile and happy to do their job. For example, I asked where to find the boston Duck Tour (highly recommended btw), and I was immediately informed of the two closest locations around the hotel, but she referred me to the concierge desk to book the tour in advance just in case. The gentleman at the concierge was equally friendly, and offered concise directions on where to locate the duck tour at the Prudential center. Furthermore, we were fortunate to find out in advance that the Saturday tour was already fully booked, and we quickly snatched a preferred time on the next day. All of this was done by the Hotel concierge desk without extra charge. In addition, he recommended that at the end of the Freedom Trail we could ride a ferry from Charlestown back to Long Wharf. That's valuable information I didn't have, and was glad to save a bunch of walking time.I just have two minor criticisms: (1) could use a little more towel hanging space in the bathroom, and (2) the air conditioner was very cold, and the room remained pretty cold even after I turned it off, but it's manageable.I will definitely return to this hotel in the future. Great location, great room and great service all at a good price. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>armedpolice020
<Content>Love the Nine Zero excellent hotel. the best location. only problem was no plasma screens in the room thanks was in the king premier room thanks for everything  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>sarniamish
<Content>Outstanding Hotel This was our second stay at a Kimpton Hotel so our expectations were high since we had previously stayed at Hotel Monaco in DC. Nine Zero is outstanding. The hotel itself is stunningly beautiful. It is the ultimate in luxury. When we checked in we told the gentlemen checking us in that we were celebrating both our anniversary as well as my husband's birthday. Although we later found out he was the manager our room was upgraded and upon returning back to our room the first night we were greeted with champagne and chocolate covered strawberries..wowwww....Big Kudos to Mr. Shaun Flannagan...the manager..he runs a spectacular hotel but besides that has an unbelievable way of making you feel like you are special. It is because of Mr. Flanagan that not only will we recommend the NIne Zero but when we return to Boston it will be the only place we consider.Dr Michelle and Mr. Frank Krause  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Papaleadfoot
<Content>Nice room/good location Super efficient staff starting w/valet-luggage; reception and an exceptionally efficient/knowledgeable concierge (3 of them alternate shifts!). Rooms clean  nice size. Location convenient.Hotel restaurant excellent w/noted chef.Bay Trans (617 872 0496) dependable (posh vans)  reasonable if you need shuttle service to/from airport or cruise terminal  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BaltimoreRed
<Content>Location, service and nice little touches This hotel must have about the best location in Boston if you are doing the tourist circuit. I've been in Boston many times on business so I know my way around and now when we were bringing friends from Europe for a visit I wanted it to be just right and it was. As I said, location is convenient for whatever you want to do. We were able to walk to everything, even to and from various dinner restaurants.The decor of the hotel is contemporary but even though it's been afew years since refurbishment it is still in good taste.AS for service, I had called the concierge a week in advance to book a few restaurants and to my horror they hadn't been booked. The concierge on duty our first day did his best but we had to eat at 8.30 the first night. Quite a disappointment. So double check any advanced bookings.On the other hand there were some nice little touches like the evening wine bar in the lobby.Overall a great place to stay when visiting Boston.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>smittydmd
<Content>Great Location, Great Service I booked this hotel for its central location and was not dissapointed. The service is great, Thomas, the concierge was able to get me two Red Sox tickets for a cheaper price than on any website I had checked for weeks. He also recommended and reserved a great restaurant in the North End for me and my wife. Everyone was great from the bellman to the valet. I'll be sure to book here the next time I am in town.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>S_G.UK
<Content>Great hotel, great location, good value in an expensive city This is a lovely hotel. Hotels in Boston are pricey so I thought that this place was good value - expensive but good standard, really nice contemporary decor. Stayed here with my mother for a long weekend in March and thoroughly enjoyed our experience. It's excellently placed for sight seeing in Boston, which is frankly a small and accessible/easily navigable city. We never ate in the restaurant but it seemed very much 'the' place for out of towners 'in the know' and locals alike. We chilled in the bar, where the bar staff were cool and reserved, but polite and quite sweet - letting my mum and I taste the cockails before we decided what to have next!This hotel has two main drawbacks; firstly, the heinously expensive mini bar - easily addressed by staying out or frequenting the 7 Eleven down the street! the second issue is slightly harder to resolve - our room looked out over a side street which obviously housed the bottle banks and trash bins for nearby bars, or perhaps the hotel's own. Whatever - the noise of rubbish and glass being thrown into the bins, and then the early morning street cleaners was pretty disturbing. The hotel should invest in some better soundproofing for these rooms - this is not a bargain basement hostel - at these prices and with the level of comfort and style offered in the rooms, this really tainted the otherwise great experience. Oh, and the concierge could have been more helpful. We were trying to find and book some restaurants recommended by a friend and he made no offer to call and book on our behalf, etc. Would have been a nice touch.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>okapigirl
<Content>Location Location Location       View of Park Church and city  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	2	2	5	-1	

<Author>celebrationkim
<Content>location location location We are huge Kimpton fans and the Nine Zero did not disappoint. It was perfectly located on the Freedom Trail (which was the purpose of our trip) and we never needed to get our car from valet.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JCLON
<Content>Rien a redire Stayed at the NineZero because they had a great deal on Expedia. I have stayed at Kimpton Hotels before and never really enjoyed it. The decor is usually flamboyant and has a cheap feel to itself. Here, the style is very toned down. I stayed here on business but it is a great leisure hotel as well. There is a cemetery across the street where Samuel Adams a buried. On a less morbid note, you'll enjoy Park Street T station with the red and green lines, proximity to Faneuil Hall, Public Garden and Copley place which you can walk to in about 15 to 20 minutes. The staff is very sweet. Always very polite, obviously very well trained. Smiles abound. The one thing that really prompted the 5 out of 5 rating was the room service food. As much as I was not particularly impressed with the breakfast, I absolutely loved the room service dinner food. I asked for a fruit salad which was not on the menu but that was not a problem. A superb salad of very fresh fruit was delivered within 15 minutes. A true delight. I also had the best French Fries in a very long time. Oh, and when I asked for a rare steak, guess what, it was delivered rare! All in all, I highly recommend this hotel. Do not expect a 5 start, this is only a 4* but a 4* with no glitch, a rare occurance in the hotel world.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cubalibre3
<Content>Good Location -- Nice Boutique Hotel This was great hotel, centrally located. My husband and I stayed for a weekend. We booked our hotel through AMEX using our points, so it was a steal. After reading the reviews I was a bit nervous, but compared to the other boutiques, 9-0 had the least amount of bad reviews. We arrived late on Friday and the staff were very nice and welcoming, especially Brian from the valet service. I had called ahead and asked for a room on the highest floor and they said they put a note on my file. When we arrived to our room, which we paid extra for a view, I was disappointed that our view was of a building across the way. We were then moved to a room on their top floor and the view was better, but honestly, I would not pay the additional money for the view, unless you want to look at the top of buildings. The beds were comfy, the shower was good and I liked knowing I was staying at an eco-friendly hotel.We didn't have any noise complaints, except that the suite next door let their alam clock ring for an hour, but when we called guest services they sent someone up to take care of it immediately. Overall it was a great stay -- if you like the swank, boutique hotels. I found the people of Boston to be a little less than warm and fuzzy, but the staff including Scotty, the concierge were more than happy to accommodate! You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>aggiebeth01
<Content>Great location We stayed here for two nights. The staff were very friendly from the start. The room was very nice and clean. The beds, including the roll-away bed, were extremely comfortable. The door to the bathroom locked when closed. A staff member was there quickly to get the problem resolved. The hotel is right on the Freedom Trail and is a great location for walking to most of the sites. I would definitely come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Greg187
<Content>Still Great! Just stayed at the Nine-Zero and am happy to report that it is still a great destination when visiting Boston. I haven't been there since the first year they opened and was delighted to see that most things are still up to par. The most alluring feature of this hotel is the location - I can't imagine a more convenient hotel in all of Boston. It's sleek/hip design is also very cool. But, like all trendy hotels, it seems to tire from hipness. While still sharp, nothing really has changed since I've been there 4 or so years ago.The room is very comfortable and stylish but was showing slight signs of wear (minor wall scuffs, slightly aging furniture). Also, on my first visit the robes and towels were Frette and that was no longer the case. The Mario Russo products were great but seemed to be smaller in size. And the cheap plastic made it difficult to actually get the shampoo or conditioner out. And, as mentioned in another review...it is a little tacky that there are so many things for sale in the room. The bed was super comfortable and very roomy. A luggage rack would have been nice.One great addition from my last stay was the evening cocktail hour. Nice wines were served in the lobby from 5-6. A nice touch. Staff was friendly and helpful. Needed some extra soap and it was sent up promptly. As instructed, when I needed my car I called about a half hour before hand. I came downstairs and it was ready and waiting. Although the $38 fee is quite steep!The Nine-Zero is no bargain but look around the web. I got a great rate through one of their promotions and it was actually a little cheaper than comparable hotels such as the Hilton.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>sunnyday12
<Content>Enjoyable Stay at the Nine Zero Boston My Boyfriend and I booked our stay at the Nine Zero Boston through a Travelzoo promotion. We were staying in the city for a Red Sox game and thought it would be fun to try a different hotel. We booked a King Premier room which was nicely appointed. The beds were extremely comfortable, and the design was funky and fun to be around, but the size of the room and the bathroom shower were disappointing. Everyone on tripadvisor had talked about the beautiful, large shower. Unfortunately, we only had a standard bathtub which we definately expected more from the hotel. The shower still functioned properly, we just expected more than an average tub/shower from such a nice hotel. The evening wine reception was a really nice touch. Room service was delivered promptly, but I feel strongly that the prices did not live up to the quality delivered. The Staff is very nice and outgoing and we would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>thelbie
<Content>I'm Hooked!! We travel once a year to Boston to attend a Red Sox game and usually make it an overnight to enjoy a dinner in the North End (such great Italian food) then a leisurely stroll around town. This year we decided to stay at the Nine Zero as we also had a great deal on travzoo. We had heard about this hotel from Conde Nast's great ratings. We cannot say enough about this Hotel. From the get go service was magnificent. We were checked in promptly and what I think is a good gesture is the staff comes from behind the desk to give you your keys making it more personal. We were given an upgrade to the 19th floor overlooking the Skyline of Boston from one floor to ceiling window and the City Govt Center from the other. The room was smaller than I expected but other than that no complaints from us. Very clean, large shower, very comfy beds on which you can have any type of pillows you want just by asking. We didn't use the minibar (never do) and didn't watch TV but did make use of the music. From 5-6 there is a wine reception in the lobby which we did partake before going out to dinner. A very nice touch. The staff goes out of their way to welcome you and make you feel very comfortable. Kudos to Shavangi who was just great. We checked out but left our bag there and when we returned she welcomed us with a smile and a genuine hello and offered us some wine. I thought because we had checked out already that we weren't eligible for lack of a better word. But she said we were still guests. We are now hooked on this hotel and will be staying on our next trip to Boston. Nine Zero should be very proud of their staff, the best I have seen yet.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ad521
<Content>Unimpressive We were in Boston for a conference and our first hotel had no rooms for Saturday night so we booked elsewhere only to find the other hotel had overbooked. We called my credit card travel agency and they found us the room at Nine Zero. The city was packed, so we were happy to get a room, but were not impressed at all. The staff was very young and peppy but most were not very helpful. I don't think it was an attitude issue but rather a lack of experience. However, the Concierge was very knowledgeable and helped us pick an excellent Italian restaurant in the North End for dinner. She went out of her way to map out the walking route and to call and confirm that reservations were still available. She also followed up with us when we returned. Other staff members did not seem to know their way around the hotel itself and were not versed in helping out-of-towners. The room was clean with newer furnishings. It was mod and chic but with a corporate office feel. The most annoying, yet funny, detail was the price tags. It seemed like everything in the room was for sale! Like this robe? It can be yours! Enjoyed the bath products? Here is a package of regular sized products that you can buy? Need aspirin? You can buy it here! While some might find it cool or convenient to buy up the hotel room for the same feel at home, we found it annoying.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>JKell83
<Content>Very Nice Place to Stay A little pricey, but very trendy, modern and nice. SO CLEAN! Also, they listened to my higher floor request... always appreciated.Internet was super fast, which was imperative as I was there for business. Nightly wine hour is a nice treat.Amazing location, can walk to all of Boston. Although a little far to Fenway.Nice staff, always friendly. Especially the doorman.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AuroraMom
<Content>great location, great hotel Got a great deal on this hotel through travelzoo, $189 a night. It was perfect for our family with teen daughters. The location was fantastic, right in the heart of all of the action in Boston, and what a wonderful view from our room! Definitely request a higher floor!The staff was friendly and helpful, we would stay here again in a heartbeat!The rooms while not huge were comfortable and a larger bathroom is so nice!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MartinPh
<Content>Great choice for Boston Never been to Boston before, and chose the Nine Zero because of its location and very happy experiences at other Kimpton hotels in San Francisco  Washington DC. It did not disappoint and I will stay there again if/when we return to Boston. The staff were friendly  welcoming  the evening drinks reception is a nice touch. Room well appointed (go for a floor at/near the top with a view of the state building if you can), although for a design hotel, I would have expected a modern flatscreen TV (the one in the room was an old CRT model with a relatively poor picture quality) and an iPod dock would have been nice. Having said this, the hotel still merits a 5* review.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sundinkc
<Content>Great Hotel Good hotel in a great location. Our large 12th floor king size room was a good value. The spiffy decor and helpful desk staff made our short stay very hassle-free.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>WMadge
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and a great location The Hotel is great, a perfect location centrally located for all areas and attractions. I can see why the other reviews were so complementary, this is the 4th Kimpton Hotel we have stayed in and it was just as good as the others have been.The Hotel is well managed and the staff represent this well. I asked to see the top floor room Cloud 9 which they were happy to do. The staff member who took me up there was extremely helpful and informative and very keen to tell me what a great Hotel this was to work for. This atmosphere comes across.We asked for a high room and were pleased to be on the 17th floor with a great view State House, it was a very quiet room.We had breakfast once, I can highly recommend the pancakes we ate out other times. We tried The Paramount in Charles street, Down the hill (Beacon Street) and on the right. get there early and enjoy the atmosphere, it is not a place for lingering but worth going to. Charles Street has some wonderful older shops to browse in once you have had breakfast. There are a lot of coffee shops around the Hotel but not so many breakfast places, if you want more than bagels and muffins. Not many diners, there is one down the hill at South Street though.Restaurants we enjoyed and were recommended to us by a Bostonian friend were Mooo just around the corner in beacon Street from the Hotel, not cheap but good quality and atmosphere. The hotel bar on the 2nd floor was great, plus the bar food.The Beantown Pub next door is a great place to watch sport and have a beer and bar food and a game of pool. Plus not far to get back to the Hotel!The Daily Catch is a small restaurant that you would pass by without a thought in Hanover Street North End. I was told to go there and did so for a late lunch...wonderful. A handed down family run restaurant with seafood that melts in your mouth. In the evening people queue aroudn the block so my recommendation would be a late lunch after whale watching if you take the 10.30 boat. You have to pay in cash though so beware!Whale watching was fantastic if you want to get out of the City for a few hours. The Boston Harbour Cruise catamaran was fast, clean and has marine biologists on board giving great information and collecting data.. Well worth the trip as was a day trip to Salem if you have time...A CIty trolly tour is a must when you first arrive to get an idea of what is where and some history. I would recomment the Red Sox one as it covers a larger area, it depends how much time you have. You can get on and off the trolly all day, you do not have to stay on for a whole tour.We will definitely stay there again when we are next in Boston  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bmarr
<Content>LOVED IT !!! Friendly, warm and very helpful staff. Comfortable beds and spacious clean room. Terrific location to walk the city. Wine served daily from 5 to 6 - a very special touch to end the tour day and before relaxing to go out for dinner. I would look for another Kimpton hotel on my next trip.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nick62London
<Content>Brilliant Hotel I'm still here!A perfect location, excellent staff and clean modern rooms. I like the Kimpton group of hotels and would mark this one as the best in the chain. Even the Monaco in Chicago can't quite match it! I will be staying here every time I'm in Boston.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lvlover8
<Content>Nine Zero is great! Loved the hotel. The location was great, close to the T and walking distance to Quincy Market. The staff was really great and even left a little gift bag for my dog in the room even though we did not bring him. Definitely will go back.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BPK_Travel
<Content>Great Hotel, Excellent Location This hotel has THE BEST location in all of Boston. It's right across the street from Boston Common, the Public Garden, the Capitol, and a short 2-3 block walk to Fanueil Hall, Quincy Market, and downtown crossing. It's about a 10 minute walk to Boston's North End, where some of the best restaurants are located. When you're tired of walking, you can jump on one of Boston's many subway lines (aka the T). This hotel is located near Park St., Downtown Crossing, and Government Center, which makes it easy to get on any subway line without having to transfer. The hotel is very classic/contemporary and has a welcoming, comfortable feel to it. Upon entering there's a nice sitting area where they have complimentary happy hour in the evening. The staff was nice, friendly, and outgoing. They made me feel at home while on the road. The rooms were clean, well laid out, and had enough pictures and decor that didn't make it feel like a normal hotel room. It was not noisy given the downtown location. This hotel helped me maximize my time while on the road and also allowed me to enjoy my time in Boston. I highly recommend the Nine Zero and look forward to coming back.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>rqh
<Content>Ouststanding hotel, staff and location We just spent the weekend at Nine Zero in Boston. This is an outstanding hotel, the staff was very friendly and helpful and we loved the location. Next time to Boston we'll pick Nine Zero and we will recommend it to all of our friends. A great place to stay in a great city.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>glasbcy
<Content>Great business hotel smack in the city I stayed at Nine Zero for two nights for business, but I would recommend for vacation as well. It is a modern style hotel, but not cold or uncomfortable. Very nice staff who went out of their way to help me with maps, directions and restaurant recommendations.My room was super clean and was much bigger than the tiny New York rooms I am used to. Great water pressure! I asked for a room away from the elevator and not facing the major street before I arrived and that made a big difference because it was very quiet at night.They have a nice (and free) happy hour in the lobby every night and the location was optimal for shopping (and my meetings).  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>emma580
<Content>Great Perfect hotel for our stay. - Booked through theis own website, got a good deal for $215, there is last minute upgrades available for very small amounts. They email these to you so you can book them on line. - Great pub / bar right next door if you arrive late at night as we did, it does American bar food which tastes fantastic and it's 2 steps from the door. They still do food at 11pm.- Perfect location to stay in Boston. You're basically in the middle of town close to everything and you can walk everywhere.- Rooms are fab. Bed was very very comfy with a massive walk in shower. - Careful if you arrive late at night, the valet parking is extra and they didn't tell us. It's only an extra $10 but it was a little annoying. Also it takes 20 minutes for them to actually go and get the car as the parking is not on site. Just leave enough time to get it. Airport is exceptionally close, about a 10-12 minute drive.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cattails121
<Content>Good and satisfying stay We stayed at the Nine Zero Hotel to attend a commencement ceremony in Boston. The hotel is a few steps away from the subway (Park St station, Red and Green line), and close to Boston Commons. Area is also safe (we came back late at around 10-11pm every night).About the hotel : we reserved our room through the hotel website, which gave a much cheaper rate than if you called the hotel directly. On the website, it asked whether you want 'higher floor, or lower', and whether you want 'feather pillows or foam'. We asked for a room on the higher floor, and feather pillows, and both requests were accommodated when we arrived. We were given a room on the 18th floor, with a beautiful view of the State House. Pillows and bed are very comfortable. Sheets are very clean. Hotel has a chic feel, smells nice as soon as you walk in. The interior decor of the room and the hotel can be interpreted as either stylish or tacky, but these are not major issues for me as I much prefer hotel to be clean, which the Nine Zero is. We also used the hotel gym, and although it is rather on the small side, it is functional, clean, doesn't smell, and it has good equipment. One thing we really liked was the in-room safe which is designed to accommodate laptop computers. We put our two laptop computers in it everytime we went out. Some issues : 1) housekeeping didn't replenish the body soap when they cleaned our room. We wondered whether they forgot about it. No big deal. When we came back from walking around Boston that night, we just stopped at the front desk to ask for soap, and they readily accommodated us, and even asked whether they should call housekeeping to replenish us with more. Very professional and accommodating.2) Second issue : On the brochure in the room itself, it stated that there's 'complimentary coffee' somewhere in the hotel (I forgot where, lobby perhaps), but when I called front desk to inquire about it, they said they don't have complimentary coffee, but coffee could be bought at the hotel restaurant. Hmmm. If you don't have it, then don't say it on the brochure ! Probably they changed the policy, which is fine, but the info given to customers in the brochures should be updated as well. Oh, by the way, room doesn't come with coffee maker or coffee, but they do have margarita mix !All in all, it was a very good and very satisfying stay. Staff is professional and friendly. Nine Zero tends to be on the expensive side (we paid around $375 per night for our room), but the hotel is nice, clean, with comfortable bed and pillows, clean towels, crisp sheets, very close to subway. There's Dunkin Donuts and Finagle Bagel a block away for your morning coffee and breakfast. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovelytan
<Content>Great Hotel, Especially For Business Travel I stayed at the Nine Zero Hotel for a business trip. The hotel is in a great location (only about 10-15 minutes from the airport). I loved the decor and the room was exceptionally clean. We also ate in the hotel restaurant, KO Prime. The wait staff was excellent and my food was delicious, although a bit pricey. I also ordered room service and the food was great. My only complaint was that the doors slam pretty hard, so when my neighbor allowed his door to shut, I would wake me up. But that can happen anywhere! This hotel would also be great for a romantic getaway.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ajdemcoe
<Content>Ltittle jewel box This little jewel box was perfectly situated for our needs. Check in was quick and staff were all smiles. Thank you Thomas and Scott for your advice and help on local information. Room decor was comfortable. Located on the 15th floor we were above most street noise we have come to expect from close city areas, a hazzard of staying in town.The location cannot be beat for foot travel and the T stop is close by for subway and train access.We would stay again and again!  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>thetripchick
<Content>Best Location in Boston!       Nine Zero room  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lucy_Jones
<Content>Loved Nine Zero! We stayed here for 3 nights and were very impressed with the hotel. Maybe we had a different experience, but we had none of the problems mentioned by the previous reviewer. We found the lobby perfectly spacious. We had no problems with the valet parking or getting a lift which always came within seconds. We also didn't experience any problems with noise in the room - we were on the 10th floor.The location of the hotel is brilliant - just off the Common so you are in the heart of everything. The rooms were a good size - they were funky and just the kind of styling we like. We had a corner room with an amazing view of the burial ground and the treetops of the Common. The bathroom was spacious and the beds were comfortable, everything was spotless. The staff were friendly and really helpful- they could not do enough for us. If we ever asked for anything they didn't immediately have they would always look it up.We had breakfast every day in the hotel and it was always excellent. They also agreed a late check out for us which was really helpful. I thought the hotel was really good value for money especially given the very central location. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kellybr3
<Content>2 Thumbs Down for 9-Zero Stayed at hotel on 5/3/08, based on reading great reviews, and was extremely disappointed with the accommodations  amenities. There is virtually no lobby / reception areahe parking valet is difficult to access, and there are only 2 elevators that service the entire hotel. As for the room, I was very surprised that they would let someone occupy it due to the noise level. We stayed on the seventh floor, yet it sounded as if there was a garbage truck in the room with us from the hours of 1:30am to 7am. Upon mentioning this to the staff at check out, they simply said sorry, and we will have someone look into it. This was obviously a canned response to a frequently complained about issue.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Macabra
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel Booked this hotel on www.1800hotels.ie and got great value. The hotel is located on Tremont St which is extremely central, close by Government Centre train station and Boston Common.The rooms are very nice, as are the staff, food and the whole atmosphere there.I would recommend this hotel to couples, singles, and anyone looking for a central hotel in Boston. Make sure you get a good price though as it can be expensive to book directly.Hope this helps.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bebebeck
<Content>Great Location Our overnight stay at the Nine Zero ( 90 for regular folks ) worked perfectly because of its proximity to central Boston. One block from the Boston Common and an easy walk to Quincy Market and the red-line walking tour to Paul Revere's House and the Old North Church. Even better was the walking distance to Boston's Little Italy and great restaurants. The staff was friendly and check-in was a breeze. Directions and maps were provided promptly upon request. Our room was ample with a very nice bathroom. My only complaint was the low lighting throughout the hotel and rooms. Other than that, our stay was great and I would recommend the Nine Zero. The staff was outstanding.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>reiskash
<Content>Great Hotel From what I remember, this was a really nice hotel. The beers in Boston flow rather smoothly, so I do not remember much about that night, but checkin was great, room was nice when we got there, and service was good. I book through some sight called skoosh.com or something(was leary at first) at a rate of $210/night, so that worked out well. Nothing bad to say here, you will enjoy it.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abcabcabc11
<Content>Excellent hotel My wife and I really enjoyed our time at the Nine Zero in early April. Got a good online deal, which cost us just over 100 per night - so it's worth shopping around for deals on this hotel. We had an excellent, comfortable room - bed was very, very comfortable, excellent bathroom, nice shower, etc. From the hotel website images we were worried the decor might have been a bit too much - but actually the room felt very comfortable. The rather patchy wireless coverage (which came and went) was the only significant problem. Staff were excellent. No snobbery, but still very helpful when needed. Our 7th floor room was a little noisy from the street - ideally would have been better to be higher up, but this wasn't a real problem. Well-stocked minibar. Really great central location - just off Boston Common, and right next to both Government Central and Park St metro stations (and HM, Borders and Macys just a block away!)  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Peter_Smallhill
<Content>Very nice but watch out for street noise Very friendly and helpful staff. No snobbery. Also, for a boutique hotel, interior decoration is rather understated rather than artsy-fartsy, which creates a pleasant low-key atmosphere.Rooms are very functional, and include extremely comfortable bedding and good quality amenities.However, when you book, if you are sensitive to noise book on an upper floor. Street noise on lower floors is a real problem because the rooms are not sound proofed and there are noisy garbage trucks operating around 3-4 AM some nights. ( Also, neighboring TV can be heard sometimes.) The upper floors also have nice views whereas the lower floors have no view at all. They book you in a lower floor room unless you make this request.Location is excellent for a walking tour. Paul Revere's grave along with other early patriots is right across the street!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GrandCaymanRenee
<Content>Beautiful Hotel I stayed at Nine Zero for five nights over the Easter long weekend, and it was fantastic.The room was a King Suite, and a very good size. Very comfortable beds and nice big bathrooms.Staff were extremely friendly and the concierge very helpful. Very central and walking distance to all the stores, park and restaurants. Beacon Hill is great for dining, as is Little Italy. I recommend Figs in Beacon Hill and your choices are endless in Little Italy.Overall, I would certainly stay at Nine Zero again, and would recommend it to anyone wishing to stay at a nice, friendly, hotel in the center of Boston.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spyglassweb
<Content>Great Service The best thing about Nine Zero is the service. From the bell service to room service to the front desk, every experience was excellent. Also the location is great for a business trip.The rooms are very clean and stocked with Mario Badescu beauty products (shampoo, etc). Also the robe is a nice touch.The only thing I didn't care for was the decor. To me, it looked like a tacky, garish modern interpretation of the Art Deco style. The bed cover was black and tan wide stripes...ugh. The chair in the room looked like it belonged in a clowns room, with its ridiculously high back. Way too much laminated black furniture! Also, in the areas outside the elevators there is tacky shimmery bronze lamae curtains covering the walls. This is just not my preference, as I prefer a more understated atmosphere. Others I was traveling with, loved the decor. The bathroom was nice, in all white tile and marble, very different in style from the rest of the room.I enjoyed the service, but since ambiance is important to me, I will look for a different hotel next time I am in Boston.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bbsleek
<Content>Impressed with Nine Zero This was my second stay in Boston but the first time styaying in the city. Nine Zero is located near everyting. If you are going to stay here make sure you have a street map because everything is so close and usually only a walk away. Nine Zero made my stay in Boston one to remember.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sben123
<Content>My new favorite place to stay in Boston.... I recently stayed at Nine Zero during a business trip and was very pleased. Prior to check in, I requested a higher floor room of which I was upgraded to upon check in. The hotel has a free cocktail reception in the lobby from 5-6pm and is worth checking out. They also have free coffee in the morning in a to go cup in the restaurant hotel on the 2nd floor. The room is of average size and modern (a little larger than another Kimpton I stayed in). The shower and bed are amazing. Nine Zero really puts care into every detail (in room chocolates upon arrival, use of robes, fully stocked mini bar with martini bar (fee) and a complimentary CD to listen in the room). I ordered room service for dinner and had the Nine Zero Burger and lobster bisque (both delicious, but a bit expensive). The hotel staff was very friendly and patient. They helped me print several copies that I needed for a meeting and didn't charge me for it. The hotel staff including Thomas Burke was extremely kind and helpful about advice on places to eat and things to do in my short stay. Overall, a wonderful stay and I would highly recommend the hotel to others.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cpepperpot
<Content>Excellent Nine Zero Really enjoyed my stay at the Nine Zero. Great location, beautiful room, very good service. The free wine reception from 5 - 6 each evening was a nice way to wind down and meet some of the other guests. Would recommend a stay here.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AntoniaB
<Content>Slighty down at heel for a 5* hotel I was expecting great things from this hotel having read the glowing reviews on Trip Advisor but felt slightly disappointed with the room in particularI can't fault the staff: courteous and friendly (like all Bostonians!) but the room was a bit down at heel. It was a large room with two beds in it on the 7th floor but the view was off a back alley and there was construction work going on - although not much the hotel can do, it was quite noisy. The beds were, as everyone else testifies to, extremely comfortable with soft linen and to die for pillows/duvet so a good sleep is guaranteed. However, the sheet on my bed had a big hole in it, which i wouldn't expect of any hotel, let alone a 5* star one. There were also black scuff marks along the walls. I would have thought staff would have tried to get rid of these...!Also, Kimpton Hotel Group (owners of Nine Zero) claim to be very considerate of the environment and ask that you reuse your towels rather than have them replaced every day, which we duly tried to but the maids kept replacing them with new ones!We hired a couple of in room films, which at 5 each wasnt too bad and they were all very current (some not out in the UK) but there is a huge cinema just a couple of blocks away. As someone else said in room food is damn expensive by the time you've added on a service charge and tax.Having said all that, it's a very central hotel, great for accessing the Freedom Trail and the shops (go to Newbury st for great boutique shops!), and I would stay again so it certainly wasn't a bad experience. Oh, and they have a 'drinks reception' at 5pm every day - free wine, which can't be sniffed at. If you want to get out for a drink there is a good bar with great food called Silvertone just one or two streets down from the hotel (matthew mcconeghy was filming there when we stayed!). it might be worth upgrading to a suite when you're there (if you can afford it). We gota v good deal with Expedia - return flights from Scotland and 4 nights in nine zero for 500 - so shop around.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>edinweegie
<Content>An average hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights en route to New England for a skiing holiday, and overall, it was okay. I'm probably a little disappointed in it and maybe had higher expectations based on the reviews here. The hotel is modern, but the room we had was a little small, a little scuffed round the edges, had a lot of traffic noise, had a Queen bed rather than a King and did not have a bath tub, only a shower. The lack of bath probably wouldn't bother some people, but as we were doing a lot of walking/sightseeing and fancied a soak to rejuvenate the feet and legs, we asked for a room with a tub after the first night. The staff were very good and immediately changed us to a slightly higher floor room, with a tub, and strangely about twice the space although the room types were supposedly the same. This room actually proved to be much better and was quiet as it was at the back of the hotel. Unfortunately as someone else pointed out, as it was low down it was actually dark the whole day, even on the glorious sunny days that we had. The safe in this room was locked when we got in, so we asked for it to be opened for us and the staff said it would be done right away. It wasn't. We asked again the next day and were told again it would be done. After coming back to the room late that night, we found it still hadn't been done. No big deal, but as we were checking out the next day, it wasn't worth asking again.On the plus side, the staff are genuinely pleasant, the location is really good, the wine reception is a nice touch and the hotel offers free wi-fi. There was nothing that bad about the hotel and nothing that great either. It is a little too focused on style, and while the staff are pleasant, the service is a little hit or miss. Based on this visit, I wouldn't stay at Nine Zero again.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>David-H
<Content>Great stay. We just returned from what should have been a week in Boston, but some bad weather in Europe delayed our arrival by a day. Our stay at The Nine Zero was very good. Our room on the 16th floor was very nice. The bed was very comfortable and shower was excellent. Can't speak highly enough of the staff who were all fantastic. Scott  Thomas on the concierge desk were very knowledgeable. The wine hour was a nice touch allowing us to unwind after a hard day shopping. Didn't eat dinner at the KO restaurant but did go for breakfast one morning which was pretty good. We'd certainly stay at the Nine Zero again.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>AtlGlobeTrotter
<Content>Comfortable Hotel M partner and I took a quick weekend trip to Boston for Valentines Day. We have stayed at a few Kimpton Properties in the past and decided to check out Nine Zero. It was a good hotel but I didn't necessarily feel as if it was as nice as some of their other properties. Our room was a nice size for a hotel downtown as was the bathroom. Not too small...not overly spacious. The mini bar was very nice and gave us the opportunity to mix martinis. Prior to arriving at the hotel I received an email asking if there was anything I would need prior to my arrival. I am part of the Kimpton Loyalty program. I replied back that it would be great to receive some restaurant suggestions. I never heard back from anyone. If you don't plan on responding to requests genereated by YOU.....then I suggest you not send out emails. Overall our stay was good. But I am not certain if I would stay there again if I visited Boston.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>EvaC
<Content>Great Hotel       Comfy room  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holsworthy
<Content>Boston is great I stayed at the Nine Zero for 4 nights in February half term with my 15 year old daughter hotel is great very luxurious rooms are a dream. The room service and over all service given by staff is brilliant scott the concierge is very efficient. The only negative experience was at the end of a long sightseeing day we went to the bar for a glass of wine (soft drink for daughter!) I stood for 1 hour waiting to be served and was completely ignored and I left without a drink! The bar is on 2nd floor pitch black rather like a nightclub than hotel bar and was not at all welcoming I felt that your face had to fit! and its seemed mine did not. The location is ok for sights seeing you can pick up the trolley tour really close the freedom trail is on the doorstep but there are not many places to eat in vicinity of the hotel expecially for people travelling with children unless you want dunkin donuts or burger king I did not! The old town trolley tour was fantastic value hop on hop off all day long and the tour guide big Al was good fun even though we were only two people on his tour. If I could advise anyone Id say go to Boston in spring the parks will be lovely and all attractions will be open which is the one thing we found a lot of things dont open till late March but we had fab time and would go again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ebrphoto
<Content>Such great service in a great environment! This was exactly what we were hoping for when my best friend and I booked a girl's getaway! -The Nine Zero is a stylish and clean hotel with large comfortable rooms and amenities. Best part? THE SERVICE! From the bell hop to the concierge to the front desk clerks, bartender and wait-staff everyone was happy and did all they could to please! The price was right because it included parking and breakfast. Really one of the nicest bartenders I've ever experienced at KO Prime on Saturday night!Only reason it doesn't get a 5 is because the breakfast was only OK. They were out of lox at 9am on a Sunday in an empty dining room. That actually might have been a good thing because we also found out the bagels were from New Hampshire!?!?On checkout, we noticed that the breakfast had been added to our bill when it was supposed to be included. Easily and readily fixed, but you will want to double check your bill if you book a package. We would definitely go back for a well-located and relaxing weekend in Boston!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CLB27
<Content>Clean and comfy I only stayed here for a night, but it was a really nice hotel. I would definitely recommend it to others. The location is great - right around the corner from Downtown Crossing, close the theater district, close to china town, close to beacon hill and Boston common and within a mile to Fanueil Hall and the TD Banknorth Garden. Lots of great things within walking distance. The hotel itself has funky modern decor, which was fun. The rooms were a decent size with extremely comfy beds and were nice and clean. The bathroom was decent too, all marble and looked very clean. There was a decent sized closet, which contained a bathrobe, slipper socks (to purchase) an umbrella, etc. The minibar was tempting but ridiculously expensive (no shock there). The restaurant was far too pricey for my liking, but there was a decent pub next door with good nachos, drinks and good music. One complaint: I called for directions on the way into Boston, which were fine, except the receptionist told me that the valet parking enterance was on Broomfield St, which was a one way street, we were unable to turn onto. So we spent a half hour trying to maneuver the busy one was streets, only to find out it was the wrong street altogether! The valet enterance was actually on Bosworth St. Talk about a bit of frustration, though we eventually figured it out. Regardless, given the opportunity, I would go back.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>trble666
<Content>A Fantastic Getaway! I stayed at the Nine Zero this past Friday night and had an amazing stay! My boyfriend and I were looking for a short getaway from the mountains of NH and came across the Nine Zero hotel on the internet. We browsed their website and were quite impressed with what we saw. We were even more impressed with the price for such a unique spot. We stayed in one of the King rooms and it was just enough space for the two of us and the bed was to die for! We actually spent an extra half hour in bed trying to convince each other that we should get up. Neither of us wanted to leave the bed it was so comfortable. The rooms are alittle small but still plenty of room for a couple such as our selves. We spent more time wandering the city and shopping than we did in the actual room anyways. The overall decor and comfort level of the room was great and just what we were looking for. The staff was very friendly and helpful from the moment we checked in. The wine reception in the livingroom was a nice touch and a great way to unwind after a long day of driving and shopping. We also had a chance to dine in the KO Prime restaurant and it was amazing! By far one of the best meals either of us have ever had. Everything was fantastic. From the service, the rooms, the food, to the location (only a couple of blocks from Fanueil hall market place). A perfect setting for a perfect getaway. We'll be back again soon!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Morgey24
<Content>Nine Zero a hip mid-Boston refuge I spent 2 very pleasant days in a 16th floor (upgraded view) Queen room. Design  decor touches are evident everywhere in the hotel. The staff was lovely; the concierge called around to help me locate a needed souvenir item -- while they were only a pair of Boston Red Sox SOCKS, he made it as important to him as if I was requesting a certain diamond ring. Amenities are lovely -- the room mini-bar has a martini bar and lotsof (overpriced) goodies. Restaurant dining (Room Service) was not recommended. $25 for a tiny piece of salmon served on a couple of teaspoons of edamame, no sides, no veggies, etc. Add some tax, service charge, etc and you can't justify it. Other than the food situation (but there are zillions of options within walking distance) I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FLcs
<Content>Incredible...       Best shower ever  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Rina4720
<Content>A Wonderful Experience At Nine Zero My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights. We drove through a blinding snowstorm New Years Day for 4 and 1/2 hours and arrived as you can imagine pretty worn out. From the first moment until our check out the hotel staff did everything to make our stay relaxing and memorable. Our room, a high floor with a terrific view of the skyline, was spacious, especially for a large city hotel (we're used to the shoe boxes we stay in for twice the price in New York). The whole atmosphere is classy but not pretentious. We had been vactioning in Maine, skiing and hiking, and we felt completely comfortable at Nine Zero in our jeans and sweaters. The evening wine reception is a nice touch. The housekeeping staff was so accomodating with a coffee pot and extra pillows. The front desk was so helpful, right down to printing our boarding passes for our flight home. The restaurants recommended to us were all universally terrific. Just the right feel for our casual vacation. I would recommend this hotel for a romantic get away or celebration as it never felt stuffy - just fun. Great design, great staff. A terrific experience.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cactpcjs
<Content>Wonderful stay at Nine This is an excellent boutique hotel. The beds are comfortable and so soft. They even except dogs but you don't see them. I only heard one dog bark a little bit and that's it. The location is excellent. You are in walking distance to everything and close to subway train. I enjoyed my stay very much and it's a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKDunc
<Content>Super hotel The nine zero hotel was a great base to stay for sightseeing and shopping in boston.The loacation is great quite close to quincy market (5 mins walk) and 5 mins walk away from Macys.The quality of the hotel rooms was superb with great furnishings, all the staff were really helpful, the concierge guys deserve a special mention for the expert advice.I'd definitely stay here again if i was in boston.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FormerNYer
<Content>Worn but More than Tolerable I stayed at the hotel for six nights on business in early November. I've been to several Kimpton hotels and my expectations were high. Unfortunately the rooms and common areas were a bit worn looking, unlike the Monaco in Chicago and Solomar in San Diego (both of which I recommend). The rooms were ok in terms of design and comfort. I thought the mattress was excellent.The worst feature of the hotel was room service. Although we had a good dinner at the hotel restaurant, we waited an average of forty-five to sixty minutes for room service. I recommend requesting a room in the front since my room faced the back and had no view at all. This also made the room very dark.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	3	3	3	1	1	

<Author>vessy78
<Content>Big Lovely Room... I travel very often for business, and this was the first time I had ever been to boston. The location was really nice, about a mile from Fenway Park. I was there during the baseball playoff, and boy is this town crazy for its baseball team. Upon checking in, my co-worker and myself both had the Deluxe room, and man, was this room big!Rooms are very nice with modern design. I thought the staff was excellent and helpfull, especially with recommendations of good local eats, as we wanted to walk around the city we never been before. I love Boston, where old meets new......I would love to come back here again when I get the chance!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PattyB54
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here because it's in the Kimpton Group. We weren't disappointed. As with all Kimpton properties, they have great amenities. The staff is superb. They act like they really care that you have a good stay. The concierge is very helpful and guided us to a restaurant where we probably had the best meal we've ever had--and we travel a lot! Go to the Atlantic Fish Company to eat at least once.The only down side to the hotel was that our room was very, very small. It was all they had available and at least we had a great view. From now on, I'll make sure we have a bigger room if we're there any length of time.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TD60
<Content>A wonderful city hotel in downtown Boston. My wife and I just returned from weekend getaway at the Nine Zero in Boston.Hotel and Location: The Nine Zero is a deluxe boutique hotel located near the northeast corner of Boston Common adjacent to the Freedom Trail. The Nine Zero is within walking distance of the Public Garden, the Government Center, the Theater District, Faneuil Hall, the North End (Little Italy) and downtown restaurants, shopping and nightlife. There's also a nearby T (subway) station about a block away. We found the hotel to be so conveniently located that once we handed our car keys to the valet at check-in, we didn't need them again until we checked out. The hotel's somewhat minimalist decor can best be described as urban chic. The hotel offers complementary wine tastings nightly in the hotel lobby, which is a fantastic amenity. The Nine Zero's well-trained staff is very professional, gracious and accommodating.Room: As a Kimpton in Touch member I got a very reasonable One Day Sale rate of $209 for a King Premier Room (compared to the $279 weekend rack rate). I must admit that due to the territory-marking behavior of dogs I was skeptical of staying at a pet-friendly property, but my concerns were unfounded. The room was very clean and stylishly decorated. The extremely comfortable king-sized bed had plush linens, a warm down comforter and the softest down pillows wee ever slept on. The marble bathroom was very nice and my wife loved the hotel deluxe toiletries. The room and bathroom were more spacious than most standard city hotel rooms. Among the many appreciated in-room amenities were chocolate truffles and raspberries at nightly turndown. For those travelling on business, there's free high speed Internet and wireless connectivity in each room. Dining: We had dinner at KO Prime, an innovative steakhouse located on the hotel's second floor. KO Prime is an extraordinary restaurant named after renowned Executive Chef Ken Oringer (formally of the Boston Eliot Hotel's Mobil 4-Star restaurant Clio). The appetizers, sides, entrees and desserts were all delicious, portions were generous, the service and presentation were superb and the wine list was impressive. The restaurant's hip atmosphere was trendy but refined. Like most fine restaurants, KO Prime is somewhat pricey - plan on spending $100 per person for a four-course dinner not including wine (if you order the Kobe Beef, plan on spending at least twice that per person). Most of the reds on the wine list were priced between $100 to $150 per bottle (there were few offerings below that). In fact, my only complaint about the restaurant is that the wine list markup seemed excessive to me. (I have a small wine cellar at home consisting mainly of Barolo, Barbaresco and red Bordeaux, so I consider myself to be pretty good at cherry picking limited-production/good value reds off of restaurant wine lists). These days, I can usually find a very good/delicious 1996-2001 Barolo or Barbaresco or Cru Classe Bordeaux from a better producer for around $80, which I consider to be a relatively good value at finer restaurants. Unfortunately, I was unable to find a good value at that price point on KO Prime's wine list. Despite this, KO Prime is definitely worth visiting for a special occasion.Overall, the Nine Zero is a wonderful city hotel in a great location... The One Day Sale rate of $209 was also a great value... We'd definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Jrjetsetter
<Content>This hotel needs to get it together!!! I loved Boston!!!...but this hotel was horrible! My husband and I arrived at the hotel around 1:45 pm, of course the room wasn't ready, but to make matters worse, they sent us on a wild goose chase..no joke! We figured we had just enough time catch the last tour of the Sam Adams brewery. We would have made it to the tour if the concierge didn't send us on a 3 mile hike to the wrong place. Apon returning to the hotel and telling where the brewery wasn't located they gave us the keys to a room the maid was still cleaning. The front desk has little to no customer service; I called a few times for phone #'s and given the wrong #. They had no clue how to set up transportation back to the airport, they told me that they could call to set it up, but it would be at least 20 minutes before he could find time to get to it. Thankfully this was our last night there!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Jasmine13
<Content>Elegant Contemporary Hotel with Outstanding Service       view  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crusaderS510
<Content>Great hotel and location Great boutique hotel. Excellent customer service. Hotel looks iffy from the outside, but once you go in you will see modern improvements. Hotels rooms are clean, fresh linens, CD music is played while you enter your room, complimentary chocolates and water. Bathrooms have marble counter tops, huge shower w/ lots of water pressure and adequate soap, lotion, shampoo toiletries. The provide daily bed prep and provide ice in the evening. After a hard days work, its great to have it.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeff990
<Content>Disappointment This hotel was sub-standard. Clearly, management thinks that their customers will be hypnotized by the overall vibe of the place and not notice the little things. Like 23 television sets. Not flat screens mind you, but the old-school box television set that your grandma keeps in her dusty guest bedroom. And I understand that the rooms are going to be small. Old building rehab. Okay - I get it. But there is NO space in the bathroom to put your things on. You literally need to place your toiletries on top of the closed toilet seat! Good times. And late-night room service? They had a total of 5 items to choose from. You would think with Boston shutting down at midnight, Kimpton can throw a few people into the kitchen. Nope. One guy, I'm guessing. 45 minutes for a burger. C'mon guys - can't you throw together a quesadilla? a PBJ? Some nachos? A grilled cheese? You can make a fortune on these items, they take two minutes to prepare, and you give your customer more options.On the plus side, staff was pleasant and quite helpful. Other than the staff, this hotel was really quite blah - nothing more than the proverbial pig with lipstick on it.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raja79
<Content>Party on! Really enjoyed my 5 night holiday at this hotel! Rooms were not huge but very comfy! Fab beds! Extensive mini bar! Lovely bath products, Stayed in one night (party fatigue) and was so glad of tv movie order service, robe, lushious moisturisers, cd player  complimentary chocolates! Staff were adorable. would definitely stay again. Breakfast in the resturaunt was good. A little expensive but catered for my vegetarian diet. (didnt try dinner... menu didnt look at all veggie friendly) Bar was cool, good wines, smart decor. Only complaint was shower low pressure but had bath in room so that was cool. Overall totally recommend to twentysometings like me looking for comfort while partying in Boston!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>kalena79
<Content>Great Hotel! ..Please Read The hotel is in a prime location as far as attractions, dining and restaurants. The staff was extremely professional, very delightful, friendly and extremely helpful. The rooms were considerably small, however, I felt at home! My room offered a very nice decor.. It was a bit on the small size.. considerable smaller than the average size hotel room but I felt very comfortable while staying in it. My room offered a decent size bathroom with a stand-up shower-l arge enough for two, it was very clean, and house keeping comes by twice a day to make sure you have clean towels. My bed was very, very comfortable, furnished with a down comforter, and down pillows.The room also offers free high speed internet and a desk to do work if needed. Their was a cd player and a complintary cd in the player to listen to during my stay..I enjoyed it very much that I purchased it before leaving. The tv featured all the local channels, cable channels and the latest movies for order.The armour was very nice but not large enough for more than one person so if you are not traveling alone, keeping your clothing in your suitcase seems to be your only option. The room also features a mini bar with snacks and refreshments, including, water, soda, wines and liquors all for purchase...HOWEVER, i do recommend you finding a liquor store nearby if you plan on having a drink in the room.. and picking up all your needed items because a small (one shot) bottle of Belveder Vodka was $9.50. Snacks were condsiderably reasonable but if you dont want to spend unnecessary money..stop at a local store!Room service was OK. If traveling on the weekend, give yourself about 45 minutes to order because it takes that much time for them to arrive due to many orders. Breakfast is served from 6:00AM- 11:00AM and they do not take any breakfast orders after that so don't call past that time if you are looking to eat breakfast in. As far as the menu- for breakfast.. their is not a great deal to choose from but the french toast and smoked bacon was pretty good but ask for extra maple syrup on the side if you enjoy syrup because they hardly give you any. as far as dinner and desserts... i enjoy salt with my food but the food was EXCEPTIONALLY SALTY.... the lobster sandwich with fries was pretty good but do not get your hands on the ceaser salad if you have high blood pressure because it is wayyy too salty..as far as dessert . they offer only two sweets..the chocoate bread pudding, and the coffee cream brulee..if you enjoy bread pudding which is why i ordered it, you will be very disappointed because it did not taste anything like it! they also offer coffee-cream brule but that was pretty goodAs far as the fitness room, it was also very small but managable and noone is ever in it so working out in there was very nice because I felt like it was my own room.As far as the hotel resaurant ko prime I never had the chance to eat in there but Its decor was very nice.As far as nearby dining, lucca Restaurant was great! It is located on Hanover street in the heart of Boston's little itay. I ordered the antipasta for two which was very good and I had the beef tenderloin which was excellent and the service was up to par. Tresca was also very good.Overall, my stay here was very pleasant and I felt very comfortable here but the above average rating that I give is more because the staff here is excetionally better than most other places that Ive stayed and also the location is great! Enjoy your stay.. if you have any further questions you can contact me!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>DoubleSaggitarius
<Content>Better Than Average Service, Average Hotel I stayed at this hotel based on reviews on TripAdvisor. I was not at all disappointed in the service which was excellent but the hotel was, at best, nothing to write home about. The rooms are very, very small; it was impossible to store one's clothing in the tiny armoire so that meant luggage had to be left out and that made it impossible to walk around the room easily. I thought the decor was stark, cold, a little garish, and not exactly a soothing color scheme. It was a little too 'in your face' for my taste. The internet connection was intermittent and wonky.On the plus side, I had a view facing the Old Grainary Burial Ground with a lovely view of Boston rooftops. The bath products are good, the restaurant is fabulous (but overpriced), and the hotel is in a convenient location.The hotel appeals to travelers in their 20s and 30s for its perceived 'hipness' and trendiness but it would not appeal to anyone looking for charm, comfort, real class or space. I would not stay at the hotel again but I would have dinner at the restaurant if I were in the area  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	4	3	5	4	1	

<Author>chhase243
<Content>Incredible place! WOW a great experience, tremendous location and very friendly, knowledgeable staff. We consider this THE happening place to stay! Great decor, nice amenities, and wine complimentary in the PM dont book anywhere else!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pattikwestfield
<Content>Location and Service My husband and I spent one night at the Nine Zero while visiting our son in Boston. We'd stayed at the hotel several times before it became a Kimpton property and we were just as impressed now as we were before. The staff is extremely professional and courteous and nothing is too much for them to do. The location of the hotel could not be better - perfect for stepping out and sight-seeing. Woke up to a beautiful morning and walked through the Public Gardens and the Commons - it was just a wonderful way to begin a day. My only complaints had to do with housekeeping - some dust issues, dirty grout in areas of the shower, metal tissue box holder not cleaned, ironing board left out at turn-down service, no cups in the bathroom for use, no shower cap, I feel the standards for housekeeping should be higher at such a beautiful property. To end on a high note, the beds were extremely comfortable and I will be purchasing some pillows from the hotel site soon! All in all, we're always happy to stay at the Nine Zero and hopefully the housekeeping kinks will be worked out. AND - much to our surprise, as returning guests parking was complimentary. Now that was a nice touch!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Georgester
<Content>High expectations, but disappointed Given the rave reviews this hotel had recieved I had high expectations of what it would offer. The rooms are well styled (comfy bed, nice furnishings), although a little tired around the edges (curtain was frayed). There was no bath in the the bathroom - apparently only 10% of the rooms have baths. And there are no coffee machines either - these are available only on request as I found out (so not sure what those nice coffee machines are doing on their website!). My room service meal was also forgotten about. On the positive side, the restaurant for breakfast was excellent - the service quick and attentive (although this was at 6.30am, so perhaps a little early for most people). Style wise, this is definitely more pleasing than the usual impersonal hotel, but given it calls itself a 'boutique' hotel (and a price to match) overall I was disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wrathie
<Content>Great Stay at Nine Zero - loved it! We stayed for one night to catch an early flight. Our friends were travelling with us and we all agreed our stay at Nine Zero was probably the single best hotel expereince we've ever had. We travel quite a bit and go to New York and Boston a couple times a year for long weekends. We look for the best deal and make our decisions based on Trip Advisor reviews, always! Back to Nine Zero...a week before we left for Boston we received an e-mail from the manager offering assistance during our trip. They reserved tour tickets for us and couldn't have been nicer, like our own personal consierge. When we checked in, the front desk staff were so friendly and helpful, I couldn't believe it. We were early so they got us into one room and then rushed to get the other romm cleaned. They brought up our bags shortly and then ushered us to our room -- both were amazing for standard rooms but ours was a corner room overlooking the park. We loved the hotel so much we didn't even want to go on our tour, which was great too. We did the Duck Tour. When we returned from our tour and dinner (in Little Italy - YUM!) there were robes and chocolates set out! Loved it!!! Can't wait to go back!!!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>willSA
<Content>Nine Zero Good Hotel in Great Location Reviewer: A Trip Advisor member from San Antonio, Texas.Family of three (son age 14) stayed 8/11/07-8/15/07. Had reserved standard double queen room (summer special $309 rate), but as a Kimpton in Touch member, upon check-in, we received a free upgrade to a deluxe room with a view on a higher floor. Hotel is very modern in design and execution and is quite attractive throughout. Best of all is the location --adjacent to Boston Common right on the Freedom Trail and only a block from the subway. Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful--particularly at the concierge desk. The stay was not without a couple of problems, however. The modern design of the bathroom--and the glass shower in particular--was a problem, in that the shower door leaked water on to the floor and had to be fixed. Also, several channels on the Direct TV feed froze, and required a call to get them working. Finally, the hotel's highly praised restaurant just recently closed--it changed names and format (the previous chef left to open his own reataurant), and the new menu and prices did not look good enough to attract us for dinner. The one breakfast we had there was good, but overpriced. All in all, we really like Kimpton Hotels--the style, the amenities and the people. I recommend the Nine Zero.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>rumpoleon
<Content>Two Paws up from Luxury Loving Dog We stayed here for a weekend this summer on our way back from Maine with our large, black labrador. Well if you want to be treated like a rock star (or more likely your dog will be treated like one), bring your pet to this hotel. From having your pets name on the reservation, cookies at check in, lavender scented baggies for those delightful waste management moments and doggy room service, this hotel had it all. AND it is right next door to the Boston Common and portions of the Freedom Trail. Combine the doggy amenities with pretty nice ones for non-canines (wine reception, immaculate and comfortable rooms, good food at KO Prime) and it is hard to go wrong for the pet owner who wants to stay at an interesting city hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hula324
<Content>It was Wonderful I flew out to Boston in August 2005 and spent time with my fiance. We stayed at the Hilton the first night in town and we only booked one night. I had seen Samatha Brown's Great Hotels on the Travel Channel and she stayed at Nine Zero and I had remembered this when we drove from the Hilton into downtown Boston. I got on my cell phone and called reservations and was able to get a room that night. My fiance and I were going to be going up to Maine the next day. Nine Zero was in the perfect location and we went sight seeing soon after checking in. It was fantastic. My fiance grew up in Massachusetts and spends a great deal of time in Cambridge, he has told everyone about the great service and the beautiful rooms. I was extremely impressed with all of it. Thanks for leaving such a beautiful and lovely lasting impression. In fact, 8/25/05 was two years ago and I remember that vacation and Nine Zero fondly. We plan to come back for one more visit.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>teabrit
<Content>Good hotel, great location + service, but rooms need better soundproofing Stayed with my wife a few days ago. I can't fault the hotel on much: the room was very comfortable, the staff were helpful, etc. Unfortunately our night was marred by the couple in the room across the hall who had a fight. That went on. And on. the soundproofing made all the yelling indistinct (thankfully!) but it was obvious that some poor couple were having a long drawn out argument. It was annoying at first (we called security at 3am, and kudos to nine zero for sending someone around rightaway) but hey, it could have been us, right? and so we decided to see the funny side. After all, everyone has bad days. Let's hope they made up. At $300/night it's a freakin expensive place to be unhappy.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JenCanada
<Content>Loved it! We stayed with our 4 months baby for 2 nights, from July 28 to July 30. The room was really nice, and staff helpfull. The hotel is perfectly located, near of the Freedom Trail, Quincy Market and Botanic Garden. We'll definitly return to this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JRToronto
<Content>Nine Zero Hotel - Best Boutique Hotel in Boston       Nine Zero Hotel Boston  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KingsleyRoyal
<Content>Great Location Just had a great three days in Boston.This Hotel has a great location, clean and reasonbly priced.The rooms are 'standard' and for seeing the sights you could not ask for a better location.A T station (Park Street) is abount fifty years and the freedom trail goes past the Hotel.Tip...don't use the hotel coutesy Taxis theses cost $30 to the airport as oposed to $21 for a taxi flagged down in the street.Gripe...A constant dripping sound coming from the air conditioning.All staff were polite and friendly.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>gothamfoodie
<Content>Great Experiences at Nine Zero This hotel really delivers on its promise of luxury, great service and quiet, elegant rooms. The location is perfectly central (and right on the freedom trail) and a block from a T stop. My husband and I stayed for 4 days to celebrate our anniversary. The hotel is very chic and clean and the service was always very friendly - no attitudes here. Many business travelers stay at the NZ. We were shown our room which was on the 8th floor and was very neat and stylish. The rooms are not huge, but storage is ample and the beds, linens and pillows are heavenly. The TV and wardrobe cabinets are recessed into the wall. The design of the rooms is casual but luxurious. Baths are divine as are the toiletries (Mario Russo). Right after we unpacked, we noticed that our bathroom sporatically gave off an offensive sewage smell. we phoned the front desk and they sent someone up right away and moved us to the top floor. Wow! the windows on the top 4 floors are essentially wall-to-wall and floor-to-ceiling. same layout, but the views are incredible. You can see from Beacon Hill to the river and all the way to the Back Bay and Boston Common. views of the state house at night are gorgeous too.We were sent a fruit and cheese plate and a bottle of wine to apologize for our smelly first room. Concierge is very helpful. We didn't experience anything negative during our stay other than the temporary stinky bathroom which was dealt with quicklyand efficiently. Will definitely recommend this hotel and stay again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mathdan
<Content>great boutique hotel Family of four stayed at the Nine Zero for 3 nights in June. Great location, right on the freedom trail and a 5 minute walk to the T. We stayed on the 14th floor with 2 queen beds which really were queens, not doubles like some places call queens. The beds were very comfortable. Sheets were in good shape, bathrooms were clean, everything worked. There were a few spots on the carpet, but nothing out of the ordinary for non brand new hotels. Room was adequate in size. We weren't in the rooms that much except for sleeping and getting ready in the morning. We don't choose hotels for the amenities, but rather look for something clean, comfortable, quiet, reasonably priced and in a good location . The Nine Zero fit all of those. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WisconsinJen
<Content>Great location and great hotel!!! Just stayed at the Nine Zero Boston and LOVED it. The location was great. Right next to Boston Commons and very close to other areas such as the Back Bay, the North End, Quincy Market, etc. The hotel was clean and decorated very nicely. They had a nightly turndown service and left you little treats each night. It was very quiet as well. We stayed in a King Premier room and really liked it. It was not huge but just fine for two adults. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful as well. Next time we are in Boston we'll be sure to stay at the Nine Zero again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sflanders12
<Content>This is the place to be!!! This hotel does it right! The moment we entered the lobby we walked into a beautiful lobby with trendy music playing and dim lighting, while handing out glasses of wine during their evening wine hour. This really set us off to a wonderful start. The hotel is beautiful with its spectacular views of the bostons commons, but we were especially impressed with the service. I have stayed at many luxury hotels throughout the world and the staff here really cares about their guests. It was amazing!! Nine Zero don't change a thing we will be back again.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jbond1007
<Content>3rd time - and still my choice! This last time (the third time I've stayed at the Nine Zero), I had actually been booked into another hotel by the travel department at my company. That hotel, however, lost my reservation. To top it off, it was the weekend of St. Patrick Day - not the time to be looking for a hotel! That hotel called NineZero and verified that not only did they have rooms, but at a discount price! I finally got settled, had excellent room service after midnight, and came home each night to soft jazz playing on the CD player. Great experience and very convenient to downtown activities. I let the concierge decide what seafood restaurant to eat at each night and tell me where the best night spots were. Great picks each time.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Gerry23
<Content>Great Location Great location, good price, nice brand new hotel right by Boston Common.Booked with their central reservation and got the best deal. Friendly welcoming staff. Very quiet rooms, even though the hotel was fully booked didn't hear anyone in my room and only saw one person on the elevator.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WJ912001
<Content>Excellent boutique hotel Have stayed here twice for business, and have had nothing but good experiences. The staff was wonderful - attentive and knowledgeable, arranging for transportation and recommending and good bar in the vicinity. The lobby was small, but beautifully designed. As I entered the room, soft music played on the Bose machine. The contemporary decor was streamlined and elegant without being cold. The bathroom was spacious and clean.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilydiva1
<Content>Mixed Experience I read others' reviews of this hotel on this site and was looking forward to spending two nights here while I was in Boston on business. Some things about the hotel were great -- the night I arrived, for example, I did not get to the hotel until 1:30 am and had not had dinner -- room service quickly brought me sandwich and a pot of tea and I was grateful! Their internet access was excellent, wake-up calls flawless, and their staff was invariably polite. The room was comfortable, with many nice amenities and extras, including a CD player. I liked the decor a lot. Their express dry cleaning service was super.A few negative experiences, however: (1) The room was not as clean as it should have been, particularly the bathroom -- it did not meet the standards of a standard business class hotel like a Hilton or Hyatt. The walls were dirty, the sink and floor in the bathroom had splotches and sticky patches, the drinking glasses were dirty, the upholstery and carpet had spots and stains, and the bathrobes were frayed and worn; (2) On the second morning, I ordered a french omelette off their room service menu, as I had done the day before. Twenty minutes later, I got a call from room service asking me what the ingredients were for a french omelette. I told the person that I wasn't sure exactly but didn't they know since it was on their menu? She told me that the french omelette was not on their menu. I told her that I had ordered the same thing the day before from their menu, which was sitting in front of me! 45 minutes after I initially ordered, my french omelette did arrive -- and was delicious as usual -- but this was an annoying interlude on a busy morning; (3) Both mornings, the housekeeper knocked once on my door and before I could get to the door to see who it was, had unlocked the door and entered my room (this is not reassuring for women traveling alone); (4) There were errors on my bill which had to be ironed out -- a valet parking charge when I didn't even have a car. To their credit, they rectified the situation quickly and politely -- but it was time-consuming. Bottom line -- the hotel was comfortable and the staff was polite and friendly, but no hotel can lose sight of the basics: cleanliness and a well-trained staff.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	3	4	3	

<Author>SUMMIE
<Content>Very OK hotel? HIwe stayed here for 4 nites during the boston marathon. well pampered travelers and hotelados, we thought this was a very decent hotel. nice decor, decent size rooms, great restaurant, very central within walking distance from everything. Service is good, nothing to complain there. All the staff are very friendly and helpfull. We normally do not like hotels that allow pets, but this was clean enough for our liking. We liked the little touches like the martini kits, and the design interior, which is fine and not over the top (the lightswich is actually a switch, and its easy enough to find how the taps work :-) Also the free drink reception at 5 with good wine and softdrinks makes one feel very welcome No gym/pool though which i find a negative.We normally stay at the 4seasons which is the complete opposite as fas design is concerned, this hotels compares favourably especially when you compare the prices.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>TwoAmps
<Content>Great location, great service, great views possible, great staff... Great hotel (but it should be great for the price--when did a good big-city hotel room get to be 4-something a night? I missed that memo...). Wonderful staff. The concierge did what concierges are supposed to be able to do--make good tables appear at great restaurants that we wouldn't have thought of otherwise, the valets knew foolproof (important in Boston) shortcuts to anywhere we wanted to go, and overall, it just felt like the machine was really running well. Even at the high-end, the rooms aren't exactly huge with a single King, and would be really packed, as reported elsewhere, with two Queens. Closet space is at a premium, with the safe, a big drawer, and the ironing stuff taking up a lot of room. we had trouble finding room for 4 days worth of coats and clothes for two. We did like the comfy-modern decor, and the views from the upper floor rooms, with the floor-to-ceiling windows, can be pretty jaw-dropping. (chatting with someone at the University (I think it's a law school) across the street, he pointed out that the views IN those big windows can be pretty jaw-dropping, too. This isn't the only building on the block with 19 floors, and that ain't one-way glass, folks...)  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>citygirl716
<Content>If only I could live here We stayed at Nine Zero two years ago to celebrate our anniversary and fell in love with the hotel. Even though we only live a few blocks away, it's always fun to stay in a hotel :) Anyway, we got a gorgeous king size city room and were thoroughly impressed with the entire hotel. We had dinner at Excelsior and when we came back, he had asked the hotel for the romantic get-away package and the bed was scattered in rose pedals, a bath had been made, candles were everywhere, and jazz was softly playing in the background. Everything was perfect. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. I want to go back!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NSmith1985
<Content>3 in a King Size Bed? Stayed here for 3 nights with my wife a teenage son. We had booked a Premier Room on the hotels web site with City View and Two Queen beds. We got given a room with city view, but one King Size bed. Now that's what I call a serious bit of a sloppy approach to getting it right at the onset. So we ended up in a two Queen Road, with a very nice view of the office block opposite (not my idea of a city view). When I queried the rate I had booked was for a city view reception I was told me there is no difference in our prices between city or non city view. Funny really as the hotels web site offers rooms at different rates depending on whether you have or don't have a city view (and for which you pay an extra $50 or so per night) - still I'm just the customer so why should the hotel care?In addition to the above, there appears to be a massive development site to the rear of this hotel, so when contractors start pile driving at the crack of dawn it's tough to sleep.We did like the hotel and apart from receptions complete hash of things we did enjoy our stay, but getting it all wrong at the start did put a downer on the whole event, which is a shame as the other staff were very helpful and polite.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	4	-1	

<Author>Malie
<Content>Won't Stay Again This was a stylish hotel. But my room was dirty and that can pretty much ruin it all. When I arrived it was clear that there were rings and spots on the bathroom sink/countertop and it was evident that the desk had not been cleaned in a while. I had work to do so the idea of setting my paperwork on what appeared to be coffee stains was not appealing. When the manager came to check on this and clean it, he first indicated that nothing needed to be cleaned, but he would try. He said the spots were hard water, old stains, etc. Whatever... miraculously they all came off when he sprayed the surfaces with cleaner and wiped. The next day, it seemed that the housekeeper was not too attentive to her duties. There was no attention to detail. Also the robe hanging in the bathroom was worn enough that I did not want to put it on. The best thing about the place was the restaurant attached to the hotel. Now that was good. But it's more important for me to feel like I'm in a really clean room, so I wouldn't choose to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>emmamartini
<Content>best dog friendly hotel My boyfriend and I were staying in Boston with our beagle and were nervous about how we would be treated. The Nine Zero staff were outstanding, friendly and helpful. The concierge arranged for a private inroom dog sitter who was very nice, a dog gift basket and set up a welcome dog bowl with treats and water in the lobby with a picture of a beagle!! We were so happy they welcomed him! The room was clean, modern, with nice amenities including a super-comfy bed with top notch sheets. The bathroom was spacious with a fantastic shower. The hotel is in a good location walking distance to the park.I would highly recommend this hotel and if I'm ever in Boston again, will certainly stay there.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jll1960
<Content>Everything was Great! We took our 13 year old for a long weekend in Boston. It rained for 3 days and 3 nights, which made viewing the sights a real bummer. Thank goodness for the Nine Zero! It made the 3 nights worthwhile. We had great service, a lovely, quiet room, wine tasting every evening from 5-6, and the best breakfast I've had in ages. We were so lost trying to find the hotel that the concierge stayed on the phone with my husband and guided us all the way there. Our NAV system was taking us to 90 Tremont in Charlestown, so beware! I'd go back for sure.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingN0mad
<Content>OK at best I had high expectations for this hotel but was sadly disappointed upon check-in. The hotel obviously had money invested in to its decor a couple of years ago but now things are looking a little ragged.My phone  safe did not work. The bedding was unironed, the towels had definately seen better days and the bathrobe was badly marked.My view from the 10th floor was of the office block 12metres away and I was charged a ludricous amount for a call back to the UK.Taking all the above into consideration, I have stayed in worse hotels and perhaps I just has a bad room. However following all the other glowing reviews I did have higher expectations for my stay.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spectra21
<Content>Wonderful wedding night stay         
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>janey5600
<Content>So So This hotel gives a great first impression. The reception and lounge area is very smart, clean and comfortable. However, the room was a little on the small side. We booked a queen room expecting a little more space but we could hardly walk around the bed. The bathroom was also small and compact, but that aside the room and bathroom did have everything we needed. One downside was that when we left the hotel after four nights, I did experience a lot of bites on my body, I informed the hotel after we left via e-mail that the room may have bed-bugs or fleas and they told me that the room had been sprayed to be on the safe side but maybe I had picked up the bites elsewhere!!!!! On a very positive note, my husband and I asked the consierge for a bar with live music and he directed us to an amazing place which I am sorry I can't remember the name of (as a too good a time was had) but they served shrimp out of a bucket. Ask the consierge to direct you, it was brill.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sailou
<Content>Good, but some glitches Nice room, great location and great staff at front desk but check your account balance carefully. Two days in a row I was billed for items from minibar which I did not take (a quick call to front desk and the situation was immediately rectified); the breakfast order we left on door handle overnight was not picked up (we called front desk to inquire and order was taken and brought up in 15 minutes); felt a bit ripped off after we kept tipping for room service because we saw a line for Tips on receipt, but realized on last day that the total already included 18% gratuity. Would stay here again though if I got a good rate.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	2	4	

<Author>kennethwalker
<Content>Kimpton excels again with 9-0 I am a big Kimpton fan so maybe I am a little biased but I found 9-0 just about perfect. The location is exceptional, the staff were friendly and professional, and the room was functional and in good condition. I was upgraded from a Queen Deluxe to Queen Deluxe view (1903) on the top floor with view of Boston Common, the State House and Charles River/Cambridge in distance (Thanks for the upgrade Jorge). Request a coffee maker for your room as the lobby coffee setup was not available until after 7am and was out of regular coffee on more than one occasion. Celebrated birthday dinner at Spire-the food and service were excellent. Entrees $25-35. I have read some of the negative reviews about the hotel but aside from the lobby coffee set up and the broken ice maker on my floor I had no complaints. Would happily stay at 9-0 again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Englishmum
<Content>Disappointed by Nine Zero I spent a long time researching which hotel to stay in for a 3 day holiday to Boston and was sure i'd picked the right place. One the plus side the location is great and we had a fantastic view overlooking Boston Common. When we arrived the check in staff were helpful. I also really appreciated the free coffee in the lobby every morning. The wine reception at 5pm is a great idea but we didn't get to try this out. However, we had numerous small complaints which spoiled our enjoyment: the bathroom was dirty and tired-looking, the CD player was broken, the sheets were torn, we were disturbed by hotel staff when we had the privacy sign displayed, we were given someone else's bags when we came to check out. These may be only small matters but they meant that I wished I'd stayed next door at the Parker Omni Hotel!Again, on the plus side, when I did complain we were offered a free night's stay at a future date.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	5	3	4	

<Author>roxanne07
<Content>Close to perfect! We just stayed at the nine zero hotel for three nights. I was able to get a 189/night rate through travelzoo. I loved the wine hour each night. I called to the first desk upon checking in and inquired about a cooler or fridge and they immediately brought a refridegator up to the room. Since I signed up for the preferred customer program (it's free) they left a complimentary bottle of water and cholocate. Nice touch.The room was nice. Very clean and not as small as I thought it was going to be. The staff was very friendly and even treated us to a complimentary breakfast upon check out.Only complaint was that the tvs were old and it took over an hour to get extra towels when requested. Oh yeah....the fire alarm went off twice for a little, once in the middle of the night ~ yeeks!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>CaseyCz
<Content>Great Hotel, Great location My husband and I just stayed for an anniversary celebration on a Saturday night. I first checked expedia and found the hotel, but then decided to check the hotel website and they offered a hot deal rate $30 cheaper a night than expedia.The hotel is in a great location across from Boston Common and 2 blocks from the State House and Downtown Crossing. It is a few blocks to Fanuel Hall Marketplace. We were seeing a show in the Theater District and it was a pleasant 15 minute walk. When we checked in they did not have the king room that we reserved due to a party and damage in the room. After offering us a smoking room with an ionizer which we declined they did offer us an upgrade to a queen room on the 19th floor with a view of the State House dome. I at first thought of it as a downgrade because it's now a queen instead of a King, but the high floor was nice and it was a corner room with a view. The rooms are well appointed and it was the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. The radio and cd player with cd's was a great touch. We've stayed in many Boston hotels, and so far this is by far our favorite. Staff was very friendly also.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>jatallah
<Content>Not worth the money This is a swanky, small hotel. The ratings are good enough. They've acquired enough awards and accolades. The location is fantastic for the leisure traveler wanting to walk Boston--you can hop on the Freedom Trail just outside. The rooms are nicely appointed with European sheets, robe, and spa items from Mario Russo. The staff was helpful in loading/unloading, check-in, concierge services and calling transportation.What is not good? THE BEDS ARE OLD. You can have the finest linens in the world, but it will never mask a worn-out bed. My husband and I had a queen and neither of us got a full night's sleep on any of the four nights we stayed. We left our vacation feeling more tired than when we arrived.Second, THE ROOM SERVICE IS TERRIBLE. On two mornings we ordered from from the room service menu. On a continental breakfast, they forgot the juice both times, neglected salt/peppper, butter for toast and breads, and sugar for our tea and coffee. They were out of an offered yogurt for our entire length of stay. The second morningn they sent a completely different meal from what my husband ordered! They did make it right, but at a hotel of this advertised calibur, the service could be 100x better. We did not even dare enter the restaurant, Spire, for that reason.Also, be advised with the pampering service, this means they enter your room about 3x a day. Once in the a.m. for cleaning, once in the afternoon and once for turndown. If you want more privacy, let them know, rather than shooing housekeeping three times in a day, as we had to do.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>UrbanLiver
<Content>More toward the Zero than the Nine What can i say - for $350 a night you would expect better service. I was a woman traveling alone with several bags and all they did was hand me my key and say - elevators to the left. No offer to help with bags.The room was clean and neat but overall service was bad or mediocre. The restaurant was so-so. And beyond medium food, all the waiter did was mention several times what time they closed. So, if you check in late, be sure to eat dinner someplace else.The views were good for sure. For better service - much better service - stay at XV Beacon and the food at the Fed will give you dreams for weeks afterwards.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Fintraveller
<Content>Unfortunately a disappointment a second time aroung This was my second time at the Nine Zero. My first time was in August and I was so excited about the hotel that I recommended it to our company's travel and event services. Everything (except the extremely poor service in the Spire restaurant) was excellent. I couldn't wait to go back! And I do not say this lightly - I'm a very seasoned traveller and have over 50 hotel nights per year. This is not a cheap place (I paid $400 per night, but it was worth it).So, with great expectations I returned in October. I'm a very light sleeper so my assistant had requested a quiet room on a high floor. (And last time it worked perfectly). Not such luck this time although thispreference is also clearly stated in my Kimpton frequent quest profile. I was given a room 1502 - high floor, but so much street noise that I had 3 very poorly slept nights. The housekeeping, which as impeccable last time, left a lot of room for improvement this time around: the empty shower gel bottle stood in the shower for 3 days and a new one was not provided until I called and requested one (most annoying when you're wet in the shower already and notice this). The sheets were so worn that there literally was a hole in it! You would expect this in a cheap budget hotel but not in a place like Nine Zero...Then the room service. On both mornings I ordered a big pot of green tea. On the first day the pot of hot water came with 8 tea bags (which was a bit excessive, but at least enough) on the second morning I just got one (with a big pot of water and with at $10 price tag not quite what I expected). When I requested a second tea bag from the waitress, I was told that I can have one only if I pay extra ($5). Granted, I'm on an expense account and it doesn't matter, but this kind of greediness gives a very poor overall impression of the hotel's mentality.And about the Spire restaurant; the menu had 3 seafood choices (I don't eat meat) of which 2 were sold out. What was most annoying was that we were not told about this in the beginning, but only after we had already made our selections. At that point the waitress told us: Oh, we don't have that anymore tonight. No, that neither.Overall my second visit didn't meet my expectations, but that might've been partly do to the fact that the hotel seemed to be fully booked., which was not the case during my first visit.Let's hope they'll get their act together since this place really has a lot of potential!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>liqdstar519
<Content>Great trendy hotel       The Bed  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>bjorkebo73
<Content>Great hotel, friendly helpful staff       View from 1807  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>KateKirk
<Content>Great location, low on biz traveler standards I seek out Kimpton Hotels for their stylishness and great locations in major U.S. cities. Nine Zero hits most marks for friendly staff, wonderfully comfortable rooms (oh those sheets...), chic local brand toiletries, a great Tremont Street location and a swanky bar/restaurant, but for $400 a night, I expect a little bit more catering to the weary business traveler. Coffee is offered but it's not out until 7 am (on a weekend that's ok), the desk is completely unworkable for a laptop, and the fitness center was really subpar...rickety equipment, no television, a door that sits open rather than being keyed...not my idea of security when you are a woman working out alone at 5 am. It's the little things that really matter when you have to be away from home for work and I think Nine Zero could work on it. I did enjoy a fantastic view of the Charles River, Fenway and other sites from my 19th floor room....really spectacular.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>bobolito
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! my husband and i stayed at the nine zero for three nights earlier this month...we were very happy with our entire stay. the staff was one of the nicest we have ever encountered in all of our hotel stays and we do alot of travel. the hotel is small but intimate with a private feel. you never see many people in the lobby ...it is quiet and calm. we stayed in a corner view room on the 14th floor and had an amazing view, the windows were huge and it had a really wonderful urban feel. the room was spaced nicely even though it was not big. the matress was the best one i have slept on in a long time including just about every 5 star hotel. the linens were wonderful, clean crisp and white with great pillows. we were greated with a fruit plate and coffee as we arrived early in the morning. it was so nice to check in early with no questions asked. the room had a great choice of magazines and daily newspapers. the spiro restaurant was an excellant place for drinks and a snack. nice atmosphere. we also had a few fabulous breakfasts there. my only complaint was of the young bartenders behind the second floor bar at night. both during room service and at the spiro bar itself they were cold and did not know anything about the wines they had in stock, nor did they care to find out. it seemed as if they were bored students just making their buck , it supprised me that this would be the case since everyone else in the entire hotel was excellent...in spite of that we still had a nice time while we were there. Akeem and Thomas were EXTREMELY EXCEPTIONAL front house workers...anything you wanted they would help you with ( and with a real smile, not some phony yes sir or yes mame service.) the location cant be beat. its right next to park and a 5 min T ride to airport or a 10 min cab ride to airport. lots of great shopping and restaurants nearby and accross the park. the free internet access was a nice touch as well as the wine happy hour which we seemed to keep missing. the hotel had somewhat of a W feel but a much much nicer staff and cozier feel. we will definitely be back and will try out the other kimptons.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marco-Mintwithhole
<Content>Great location.. Great location for central Boston just near the top of Boston Common. Wlaking distance to just about everything that matters for the tourist.Our room was on the small side but that was reflected in the price and would happily stay there again.Service very friendly and helpful and the 2nd floor bar appears to be something of a destination. Didn't get round to trying the reataurant but looked good.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>remymartin11
<Content>Like a W Hotel, with a much friendlier staff My boyfriend and I stayed at Nine Zero (a Kimpton Hotel) in Boston for one night on Aug. 27th. The furniture and design of the hotel reminded us very much of a W Hotel. The staff was amazingly friendly at every turn. The location was the best you can get in Boston if you are doing the tourist thing (right across the street from the Old Granary Burial Ground, close to the beginning of the Freedom Trail).There was a wine tasting in the lobby from 5-7pm, that apparently takes place every night and featured tasty wine (not cheap-tasting bar wine). It really added to the friendly atmosphere of the hotel and there were many strangers interacting with each other, which you rarely see in a hotel lobby. If I traveled much for my job, I would make sure to stay at a Kimpton hotel whenever possible. They really make it homey and have nice touches, such as bathrobes, slippers, umbrellas, free internet (which was very slow, by the way), etc. along with a great price (we paid $179 for the one night).  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Di2442
<Content>Absolutely Loved This Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Nine Zero in July, 2006, with our 2 small kids, aged 18 months and 3 and a half years. From the moment we arrived, to the time we left, the staff at the Nine Zero went out of their way to make us feel like valued customers. We had a lovely room with 2 Queen-sized beds, and a huge bathroom. We often stay at Kimpton Hotels around the US, so we belong to their customer loyalty program. As a result, the first night, we were greeted with chocolate truffles, strawberries, and a huge bottle of designer water. And in the evening, the complimentary wine hour can't be beat. I had also asked for a room on an upper floor, which we were given. All in all a terrific experience! Location: right in the heart of things in Boston, a short walk to Boston Common (literally right across the street) and the financial district. Close to good shopping, and the acquarium, which is amazing. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a nice stay in Boston. We are very discriminating travellers, and we were very impressed.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>njsuburbian
<Content>Excellent Location, Great Hotel, Good Staff The hotel is a very trendy hotel and is in a great location. We walked everywhere during our stay. Even Fenway and the Prudential Center are only a 15 minute walk. Quincy Market is 3 Blocks away and Boston Common is literally across the street. The rooms are a decent size. They aren't small, but they aren't tiny. The beds are very comfortable as well as the other furniture. The staff is good as well. The concierge there, Steven, was very helpful in providing help for a myriad of different requests. I saw him sit down with a person for practically 30 minutes and plan out her entire weeklong vacation with numerous reservations and other requests without even showing a negative look on his face.There are a few downsides to staying in the hotel:- Parking is $35 a day and isn't on-site (it's a valet service)- For a 4-star hotel there is no doorman- The valet entrance with the bell-hops is on the side and it's very hard to manuver cars in the small side street. There is no stopping on Tremont St. in front of the hotel-The staff didn't seem to be very organized, however whenever anything went wrong, they were very helpful and without a doubt, the staff tried their hardest to make each and every customer's stay a positive one.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>HappyHawaiiKaian
<Content>Busy time but fantastic hotel We often choose hotels because of location. In fact, the last visit to Boston we stayed at the Onmi Parkerhouse, which is a great hotel, too. However, our experience at the Nine Zero was more pleasant.The Nine Zero team was friendly, professional, and well informed. They were truly hospitable in accomodating any kind of requests. They were kind and unpretentious.Our room was very spacious and we had a pretty view of some architecturally interesting rooftops, the Boston commons with a glimpse of Fenway Park in the distance. The rooms are upscale and really clean. I never felt like the team was hovering, but were always available when you need them. GREAT JOB guys, especially on the 4th of July weekend! Thanks! We'd recommend to all visiting.P.S. to Hawaiian travellers:10 of 10 shakas on the aloha scale here :) !  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible and Sub par for price The hotel staff lacks basic customer service skills, most of the them are really young and appear to have just graduated from hospitality school with poor grades. We booked directly through the hotel and did so for the spectacular view and king sized bed, however when we got to our room we had a spectacular view of the building next door. When we were finally given a room with a view, we had to be down graded to a queen size bed. The shower door was broken which caused a large flood throughout the entire bathroom and we had to use all of our extra towels to soak it up. I requested a comb as I had forgotten one, and was told it would be right up, it NEVER came, despite my asking on two ocassions. The topper was when we where overcharged $100.00.....HORIBBLE experience.....we even wrote a letter to management which we never do, but we felt we got raped out of 400 bucks. Avoid at all costs!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Evie049
<Content>Friendly staff but the room was small Trendy hotel. The staff was very nice and the location is great but the room we stayed in was rather small. Also, you can hear the noise from the outside! But overall it was a nice place. The warm cookies and milk need improvement!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Nine Zero! My husband and I just returned from Boston and the Nine Zero Hotel. We enjoyed our stay immensely; the hotel staff was extremely efficient and friendly and went out of their way to accomodate us. The rooms were large and comfortable. We will definitely return to Nine Zero on our next visit.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tonikeb
<Content>Great hotel in a Great location! The Nine Zero is a modern boutique hotel located in downtown Boston. The outside of the hotel is brick and looks like a lot of the other buildings in this city. However, its insides are quite modern and sleek making for an enjoyable contrast in such a historic town.The hotel is located on the Freedom Trail directly across the street from the very old Granary Cemetary. Paul Revere, Samuel Adams, and the parents of Benjamin Franklin (among others) are buried there. Our corner room allowed us a terrific people watching view, including the groups taking tours led by people dressed in revolutionary period clothing. Boston is known as a walking city and almost everything is within walking distance from this hotel. The financial district is in one direction and the theater district in another. One edge of Boston Common (the furthest side from the Public Garden) is 1block away to the south. You can choose from high end stores and dining on Newbury Street at the end of the Public Garden or find moderate shopping and fast food on Washinton Street, which is one city block to the east of Nine Zero.The Park Street T (subway) station is only 1 block away, too. Both the red line and green line trains can be taken from this station for $1.25 per person per ride. The red line (outbound) will take you over to Cambridge and the green line will take you to Fenway Park or up to the North End. You could also transfer from the green line to the blue line, which takes you to the wharf. Don't panic if this sounds complicated. It's not! The friendly and very helpful concierge at the hotel provided us with a clearly marked map and very easy to follow directions. The decor of this hotel is modern. Our room was nicely sized and the bed was wonderfully comfortable. The bath was stocked with Mario Russo (a local salon) products. The sea salt soap is divine!! Our room was so comfortable we decided to have dinner via room service one night. It was delivered hot  quickly and it was delicious. Note: When we were calling to place our dinner order, the line to room service rang a few times so the call was automatically routed to the front desk. Instead of trying to transfer us back to that line, the front desk person took our order! This was a very nice customer service touch.The only quirk to the Nine Zero hotel is finding a few items tucked into dresser drawers. We discovered our coffee maker in one drawer after already grabbing some coffee from Starbucks around the corner. Also, housekeeping came by bright and early on a Saturday morning but we didn't find our do not disturb hanger (in another drawer) until a day too late. Very, very minor for an otherwise outstanding stay.I would definitely stay at the Nine Zero again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JAD49
<Content>Great location but we could hear every sound For a new hotel they sure blew it when they didn't make the rooms more sound proof. My husband and I could hear the bell on the elevator every time someone used it. We could hear voices in the hallways and doors closing and we couldn't tell if it was an ice machine or cleaning staff but what a noise! Our sleep was interrupted several times. Also I had to ask them to change the sheets right away as there was a blood stain on the bottom one. However, the staff was friendly, the room was nice, a little small but overall I felt we payed too much for the room. You can walk everywhere in Boston so I think we could have found another hotel nearby for less money.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>damianjcullen
<Content>Loved it We were really impressed with the rooms at this hotel. We were fortunate enough to be given a corner room on the 18th floor with floor to ceiling windows and great views of the city, all at great value.The beds were huge and incredibly comfortable. They even had a pillow menu, although we didn try it out. Bathrooms were spacious, clean and had nice toiletries. The mini-bar was extensive although a bit pricey ?reduce the priced by a couple of dollars and we would have probably emptied it - $4.50 for a small bottle of water is excessive by any standard.We had drinks/dinner at the hotels bar/restaurant Spire. The bar was really nice, had a good vibe and was very stylish ?the restaurant the same. Service was good and the menu and food excellent. I would highly recommend it even if you are not staying at the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Twinkler
<Content>Great Trendy Location The fantastic Nine Zero hotel is located in the heart of the city. Just steps from Boston Common. The nearby Trolley stops are very close and will run about 25.00USD for a jump on jump off pass. The hotel is super trendy and some may feel over powered by its sheer moderness. However most find this hotel to be a good value and very clean. I stayed personally at this hotel last year and loved every minuet of it. The front desk staff is very helpful and kind. The onsite manager is very helpful.The hotels staff is more than willing to help you find nearby attractions such as Cheers, Fenway Park, Freedom Trail, Fleet Center or the New England Aquarium.The hotel also has a fantastic upscale eatery called Spire. Spire can be quite expensive, but well worth the money. I apple martini will run you about 12.50USD. The hotel provides a wide range of deserts. Please do not expect to sit in the eatery and expect to just have desert, you will be asked to move to the bar area. Since the hotel is located centrally hailing a cab is no problem. The hotel is also only about a 20 minuet cab ride from Logan International Airport. The big dig or the massive construction effort sometimes slows this time down. I would recommend asking for a room as high up as possible. The views are amazing and majestic. Boston is a fantastic city and Nine Zero is an ideal place to stay for business or personal travel. Hotel does not offer many things to keep children busy.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ElleSheri
<Content>Marvellous! As a single woman traveller, I must admit the hotel takes great care of its guest... From the friendly reception to the excellent concierge.. they were very patient despite my numerous demands!!! I had such a wonderful time in Boston, thanks to Nine Zero.. Absolutely wonderful! A special thanks to Kelly for all her help.. :)  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Great Location. Walking distance to many Boston shops and restaurants.car valet.Very friendly staff. Pet friendly. (we brought our pom). they even walked our dog for us! ($10 charge)great breakfast! (inhouse restaurant)over all a very nice experience.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sunny0
<Content>Wonderful staff, great experience!! Just returned from a one night stay at Nine Zero. It was my first time there and I was very impressed. The staff are the nicest people I have ever experienced in a hotel setting. They are so helpful and polite. The room was nice, everything was very modern. We spent a few hours in the bar. The bar staff again were very friendly. I would reccomend this hotel to couples who just want a quick getaway. It was a very pleasant time at Nine Zero!  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, slightly dodgy plumbing. Stayed here for 3 nights on a holiday to Boston. Very nice hotel, room was well furnished, and staff very helpful. Good location too.Only fly in the ointment was the plumbing - the lever to switch between shower (over the bath) and the bath tap didn't work, so it was showers only. Not a big problem in itself, but the water pressure wasn't up to much for showering, and neither was the water temperature on one day. On the other hand though, the cold tap did give hot water at times, which was slightly disconcerting, especially as it meant the wc also got pretty hot too.Don't imagine this affects all rooms, and it didn't really put us off. Enjoyed our stay in Boston.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>karigirl
<Content>Fantastic location in fantastic room Our family of four stayed at Nine Zero during spring break. The 2 queenbed fantastic room was spacious, with very comfortable beds. There is a pillow menu, my son loved his water pillow! This hotel is located 1-2 short blocks to the subway, and is on the Freedom Trail. GREAT location. Our only complaint was that the wireless internet was slow. We really loved Boston, and staying at Nine Zero made our trip more enjoyable.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AandASanJose_CA
<Content>A great place to stay We've stayed at this hotel 3 times in the past year and it is consistently excellent. The service is great and any requests are immediately seen to.The rooms are relatively spacious and very comfortable - particularly if you have a fantastic room. The bar is a great place to hang out and the restaurant serves great food.We'd have no hesitation in recommending this hotel !  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JRWB1960
<Content>Sleek Modern Hotel If you like a new hotel Nine Zero will make you happy. It is very modern and trendy from the lobby to the bar to the room which was fairly large and very well apointed with comfortable beds and a very nice bathroom. Good location if you want to be on the State Street side of town. The only complaint was that it was noisy outside and the walls did not shield from the late night construction noise like the quiet rooms of its stodgey neighbor the Omni Parker House. Great place overall.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sharonb423
<Content>Great getaway! Very nice, small boutique hotel, catered to our needs and had a wonderful champagne and chocolate strawberries package - was thrilled when we came back to the room and they had strewn rose petals everywhere and drawn a bath, knowing what time we would be back it was still warm when we returned. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Joannecam
<Content>Wonderful Service Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Nine Zero. We receceived a discount rate for staying two weekend nights and paid $200 a night, excluding the exhorbitant Massachusetts/Boston room taxes. The hotel passed with flying colors my 3 basic rquirements: great location with everything but perhaps Fenway Park within walking distance, wonderful bed and bedding and a great shower with very hot water and great pressue. The service was beyond great. Unfortunately we had a problem with our room not being made up until 4:30pm. I was exhausted from walking around the city all day and mentioned to the front desk the inconvenience. I was surprised and delighted to have the immediate response be appologies and an offer to have drinks and appetizers on the hotel in their restaurant. It was totally unnecessary, much appreciated and very impressive. We would love to reurn to this gracious hotel very soon.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Roadtravlr
<Content>Trendy and Friendly...with Hidden Charges! Ninezero was trendy, and friendly. The reception desk and rest of hotel staff met you with warm greetings and even remembered names! The location is pretty good for staying in the Boston city-center--you are near at least 2 T stations by foot, gov't center station and park street station (no less than a seven minute walk from either) and there are things to see and do in the area (I highly recommend taking the Black Heritage Tour given by the National Park Service rangers--a great walk around historic Beacon Hill and engaging tour of the city's rich civil war history). However, it had a lot of hidden charges. They charge you for a double room but do not explain to you it is not a one time only fee. They put colorful drinks outside of the bar, but will charge you like it was from inside the bar if you touch it. They put beautiful gifts around the room and charge outrageous prices for it (e.g., a bath stuffs bag with the normal size bottles of the small bathroom products...$91!). The food at the hotel's restaraunt, Spire, was pretty good. I ordered room service and while it was all pricey, i must admit they don't skimp on the portion size at all. I actually went to Spire for breakfast before checking out and it was a bit pricey but really good and very filling--i couldn't finish it.This hotel is for adults that read the fine print. Not for children that want to play around with out spending allot of cash (read: young adults that want to experience the lap of luxury, if ever-so briefly) . It is trendy and for the rich and famous. Thus, they are looking to wine, dine, and stick you for your pesos.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vern1978
<Content>WE DIDNT WANT TO LEAVE!!!!               More photos  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Remove the NIne and what you have is zero!!!! I have spent a lot of time in nice boutique hotels, and nine zero may have been the worst hotel I've ever been to.From the minute i checked in with the snippy kid at the fornt desk to the fifty-five minute wait for room service everything was terrible!!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lrnyn
<Content>Unimpressed An average 4 star hotel, good location, but definitely nothing special. Rooms are small. Stayed in a fantastic room but had to call to make sure it wasn't the intimate room. Bathrooms have one sink and no seperate shower/bath. Pretty average. No cups were provided in the bathrrom and the honor bar contained an open bottle probably from the last guest. Fitness room is small with likely second or third hand old machines. They do provide complimentary passes to the Bally's 3 blocks away but make sure to bring a lock or you have to buy one. I wouldn't recommend the hotel if you're someone who wants to workout during the stay. Had problems with the wireless internet. It never worked! Service was overall fine.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>botlon
<Content>Great Hotel for Business From arrival I loved the style of this hotel. The decor in the public areas is very cool and modern. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful at check in and couldn't do enough for me. The room was also very stylish and everything had been carefully thought out - wireless internet, great mini bar, lots of other thoughtful touches too. The bed was REALLY comfortable and the bathroom was one of the best I have ever seen (despite not having a bath!). Overall I was disappointed to have to leave having loved my stay. Plus the location is perfect for exploring Boston - right in the heart of downtown.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service, Service, Service I traveled to Boston on business and the city was very busy as a whole. I had the choice of just a few luxury hotels to stay in. With the recommendation of a local I chose Nine Zero. The room was big and comfortable, the bath amenities are to die for and the concierge/bellman/drivers with the hotel were top notch. Bellman and concierges were specificially empowered to ensure exceptional services. Pricey but I would defintely stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HIWALSH
<Content>TrendyModern Hotel Decor Missing Details We found the hotel advertised and said it was a Boutique Style Hotel. Its a Boutique hotel but they must have run out of money as the decorators made it just average and the rooms are small and the floors are un-attractive painted black wood. We agree with some of the other guests comments on the feedback that the staff is not very friendly and cold. For the prices they are charging you would think they would be service oriented and have a little nicer accomodations and details in the decorations.Sorry but not a great Boston experience.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LPS77NewYork
<Content>Disappointing We were extremely disappointed with our stay at Nine Zero, the hotel tries too hard to be trendy and the place is basically a money trap. The rooms are nice, but expensive. We got charged for everything from a packet of aspirin to $10 for a bottle of water. I feel when your paying a certain amount for a room, the least a hotel can offer is a complimentary aspirin and a bottle of water. I would never go back again.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very comfortable Beautiful hotel. Room was well decorated. Great view if you get a room up high enough. Found the bed a little hard to get comfortable in, but once you do, you don't want to get out. Minor flaw was that bed was made up with a ripped sheet. I didn't notice until I was packing, but should have been caught by housekeeping. Nice lounge but too crowded for a relaxing drink. Great location.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>la femme folle
<Content>great in room amenities my husband and I stayed for 2 nights in September. The hotel was very busy, but the staff remained very friendly and professional. Hotel has a great location, can walk to Fanieul Hall, quincy market, Boston common, the T etc. We really enjoyed the in room amenities. Mini bar had a wide variety of options including a martini bar with mixers, great in room coffee, bath toiletries were great too. Room was spacious, and we were on a high floor, so we had a great view. Food in Spire was good, but a bit on the salty side for a luxury restaurant. Great stay at a great hotel.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Highly Recommended This is an excellent all round hotel. The bedroom was a good size and the bed was absolutely fantastic and ultra comfy! Not a great view from the hotel bedroom, but good enough to see a spectacular sun set. The restaurant was adequate for breakfast. We had one evening meal there which was very good - even for fussy eaters. Staff in the restaurant were really friendly. This is a well placed hotel, close to Boston Common, Newbury Street and to join The Freedom Trail.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shton1
<Content>Excellent Service, Very Nice Rooms I stayed at the Nine Zero with 5 other friends for 3 nights two weekends ago. We had 3 rooms and I chose the hotel partly for its location, although everything seems pretty close in Boston, and also partly because of the accolades the hotel has received from various travel magazines. The rooms at Nine Zero are quite nice if you like contemporary decor. The beds were incredibly comfortable, although the pillows were a little soft for my taste. I also liked the color schemes of the rooms with bright yellows and reds accenting the almost black mahogany furniture. I was placed in a Spectacular room on the 17th floor with nice skyline views. The bathrooms are spacious, with nice bath ammenities. One of my biggest pet peeves is showers with low water pressure, I was quite pleased with the copious water pressure and plentiful hot water at the Nine Zero. One other thing that would probably make this hotel even more desirable for the business traveler is the oversized work desk with ergonomic office chair and high-speed internet access in the room. While the rooms were certainly nice, the staff really sets the hotel apart. Every interaction with all of the staff from check-in to check-out was quite pleasant. Fatima at the front desk and all of the doormen/valets derserve special kudos for treating my group like VIP's. The doormen were amazing in getting us transportation anywhere we needed to go at a moment's notice, including a private car to Fenway Park on a game day. We only had one meal at the restaurant, but it was very good and the prices were comprable to hotels in this class. I would recommend this hotel without hesitation to anyone looking for nice accomodations and professional service.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent service, good handicapped bathroom, great bed The service was excellent. The restaurant serves an very good breakfast as well. The bed was incredibly comfortable; it may be the best hotel bed that I've ever slept in. I am in a wheelchair, and the handicapped bathroom is well designed. I did expect the main room to be a little larger, but it did not impair my ability to move around the room to access the bed nearest the door, the desk, and the entertainment unit. I only could not get to the window, which would have made a difference were I alone and needing to open or close the blinds. Their blinds are also excellent for keeping out light if you are something of a late sleeper, as I am. The location of the hotel is fantastic. It's in the middle of the city with a historic graveyard just across the street, where Paul Revere, Samuel Adams, and many of Ben Franklin's family members are buried. You can wander for five minutes in any direction and reach something enjoyable or significant. Boston Commons is not far away.I had a great trip to Boston, and the hotel was part of the reason.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel, great location Really nice hotel, staff was very friendly. The best part of the hotel is the beds. The bed was the most comfortable bed i have ever slept on. The bar was nice and the brunch on Sunday was good as well. I would recommend the hotel. P.S. It is right next door to the Beantown Pub whichis a great sports bar.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lstein
<Content>corporate feel - no character If you plan on visting boston for business this is a good bet - nice location, nice rooms. If you, however, are on a vacation or with a spouse - looking for something with more character - this is not a good bet. The hotel and rooms are stark, minimalist and a bit cold. The hotel has little character. For the prices - I'd suggest XV beacon instead.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rfc_traveler
<Content>Good experience This was a very nice, clean and well-situated hotel. It would be hard to find a better, more central location in Boston. The rooms, even the Spectacular rooms, are not large but they are well-appointed with marble bathrooms and comfortable beds. I was a bit suprised to find a tub/shower combination instead of a separate tub and shower but the bathrooms were nevertheless luxurious (but somewhat small). The hotel's gym's facilities were not great, but the hotel also provides access to a local full-service gym. Our experience at the restaurant, particularly dinner with the tasting menu, was fantastic. Overall, we had a good experience though I am not sure that I would pay more than $200 a night. Other better values could probably be found.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Amandatrip
<Content>Not so impressed We booked a one night get-away here (babysitter at home with toddler) and were disappointed. We had booked an intimate room which was tiny and looked out at a brick wall. During checkin the staff asked us if we would like to upgrade to a nicer room for an additional $25. This really put me off -- if they had extra rooms, I think they should have upgraded us for free. They clearly know that the intimate rooms are not that great. The room had a missing handle on the bathroom door, a shower door that didn't close properly, and a phone that didn't work. Ph, and the hotel umbrella (which I had to ask for) was broken. I should have called to the front desk to complain about all this, but I just didn't have the energy to get into it with them. For as much money as they charge for a room, I would expect a better experience.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Hooray1
<Content>Good Location, Lousy Staff We got a very good deal on this hotel through expedia and expected quite a lot of Nine Zero (on the basis of the reviews here). The hotel is very well located, right in the heart of the city, near Boston Common. The room was good - clean and minimalist.But the staff were TERRIBLE. Staff on reception were most unwelcoming and I don't think anybody smiled while we were there. By far the worst staff were in the restaurant - unpleasant and unhelpful each time we were there. (but the food was v. good!).This hotel has a lot going for it but needs to get the right staff in place.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DougJ193
<Content>Nice But Too Small I read the reviews which brought me to this hotel. I will say if it wasnt for the restaurant which was the best lamb I have ever had, I would not rave about this place. The room was simply too small, something you would expect in Europe, although the bathroom was very nice and the furnishing was very modernly creative. I will say that the view we had was also spectacular, but in a big city in the states, you should be able to walk in the room without having to basically crawl over the bed. For this reason, I would not stay at this hotel again, however, I would visit the restaurant in a heart beat. And finally, the lobby is way to small and there was little room for the crowd of people waiting to check in.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylishly Uncomfortable Pros- Near a redline T stop (very convenient)- Near Boston Common and multiple historical areas- Generally nice and friendly staff- Nice, cute bathroom amenities (though less available in standard rooms)- Everything new and sparlkingCons- Many features of the room designed for style not comfort or function- Weak (though free) hi-fi, poor overall on anything technical- Rooms are on the small side- Standard rooms lack bathtub- Area gets pretty sketchy at nightI'd heard through the locals and read that Nine Zero was THE new hip and trendy hotel in Boston. That is most certainly the case. During our stay, Louis Farrahkan (and a huge entourage) as well as the Black Eyed Peas, also stayed here. The hotel was definitely buzzing. Nonetheless, the staff stayed on top of their game throughout the week - always polite and efficient and even quite friendly. That much was fun. Only exception was when we tried to get a DVD player they brushed us off, eventually admitting there is only one in the hotel and it was lent out indefinitely. When I called again the next day and asked about a wait list I was discouraged from this and then told I probably wouldn't want it anyway since it was attached to a 13 inch television. We were far from impressed by the overall tech features of this hotel, even though it tries to brand itself as being high tech. More on that below.The rooms, however, are a royal pain. The beds are very comfy, and that's vital for me in any hotel stay (a main reason I steer clear of most Marriotts nowadays). Unfortunately, many details are either inconvenient or just plain nonfunctioinal. For example, you simply cannot turn on the shower without getting your face, shoulder and arm blasted with cold water. This is in addition to a very cool looking sliding barn door on the bathroom that will slam your fingers if you're not paying attention. I thought I was just an idiot when I did this so didn't mention it to my boyfriend and he ended up slamming his hand in the door later that day. Also, there are no towel racks. After four days of staying here, I finally improvised a towel rack above the toilet, but housekeeping steathily removed and corrected these attempts, folding and replacing the towels below the sink, where they were unreachable from the shower. Another annoying feature - while they do have free wi-fi, it's very spotty. My boyfriend kept cursing every time he got booted. I got frustrated at the waxing and waning of the connection - you developed a rushed mentality whenever a strong signal appeared and tried to get everything done. This was compounded by the fact that there are no electrical outlets near the bed. Since my boyfriend was constantly at the desk working, god bless his productive soul, and the arm chair was unattractively squashed into the corner, the only other place to use your computer was on the bed. I had to constantly try to remember to plug my laptop back in to juice up the battery. Since we're locals (ousted by renovations), things like our gym being nearby and a big movie complex are great. Btw, the gym here is subpar for a nice new hotel. The SCLA is down the block, attached to the Ritz, and the nicest gym in Boston. Not cheap, but excellent facilities.The climate control, as I mentioned above, is not very precise. It is not digital and when it's on, it's hard to keep it below freezing. Not a problem during the day, but at night it's freeze or burn. When I brought this to management's attention, they offered to switch my room but said all rooms were the same in this regard.As mentioned by others, check Expedia, they have great rates. We paid $229 the first three nights and when I checked Expedia prior to renewing, I saw a quoted rate of $185. I told the front desk this and after some haggling they extended my stay for $189. They initially told me I would have to downgrade rooms for this rate. They said I had been upgraded to the second level upon check-in. This second tier room is supposedly identical to the standard room but has a view. When I pointed out to the front desk that this room has no view without pressing your face to the window, they let us stay. This hotel is a good value. Many Boston hotel rooms (Park Plaza, The Omni) are older and not updated. I like The Charles Hotel in Cambridge - free DVD player in room, large rooms, nice views, nice area. I also like the Marriott Longwharf - large comfy rooms and the best doormen in the city, but this hotel has some great rates available.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iamcrispydammit
<Content>Expensive but Exceptional       room furniture 1  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TejasGirl
<Content>Loved Nine Zero I stayed the weekend of May 27th-30th to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. I called to see if the hotel could place a birthday note in our room for my boyfriend upon our arrival. They not only did that, but also placed a huge delicious piece of double chocolate cake for us. My boyfriend loved it and ate the entire cake himself. The hotel was extremely clean, nice, very up to date. Bathrooms were spacious with great soaps, shampoos and a fantastic hair dryer! The mini bar was something I'd never seen before. You had your own bar with an assorment of mixers, recipe book etc. The hotel bar served good strong drinks. Sat. night we decided to rent a car for Sunday and the concierge was extremely helpful with this. We had our car ready for us by 8am Sunday morning. We drove to New Hampshire (45 min drive) and Maine ( 10 minutes from NH) to have some New England chowder and lobster rolls. This hotel is a perfect location for first timers or regulars to Boston. Hotel is directly accross from the Freedom Trail, Granary Burial Ground where John Adams, Paul Revere, John Hancock are buried. Only one thing went wrong on this wonderful trip. One of our bags was mistakenly left with hotel concierge and we had to go back to hotel to retrieve it. I'm sure this is common sense, but please remember to verify all baggage is with you before leaving your hotel. Overall, this was an awesome hotel. I highly recommend it to anyone staying in this fabulous city!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Snowman321
<Content>Disappointing I had previously stayed at this property on several occasions after it first opened, and l had looked forward to my return visit. I was disappointed. The non-smoking room that I was placed in clearly was used as a smoking room. At check-out, the front desk did not seem very concerned about this fact, suggesting that it was perhaps the previous guest. At check-out, the hotel attempted to charge me an early departure fee, although I was not advised of that policy at check-in but instead, was assured to simply advise us if I intended to leave early. The hotel describes one class of its rooms as fantastic. There was nothing fantastic about this room, which was located next to an active broom/housekeeper's closet and which had a direct view of a brick wall and roof (that made the room dark and uninviting). The bar area also did not have the energy that I had experienced on an earlier trip, but was instead dark and looked closed. Finally, I found the concierge service a joke; when I asked for a recommendation of an Italian restaurant, I was told to go to the North Side of Boston, walk around, and find a restaurant that you like, they're all good. All in all, I would probably opt not to stay at this property on my next visit.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jbomer
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I stayed at the Nine Zero over the weekend of August 5th. Check-in: flawlessRoom: very niceLocation: can't beat itValue: unbelievable (paid only $125/night thru Expedia)This is a legitimate 4/5 star hotel (I've stayed at numerous Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton properties) and I couldn't believe we were able to book our room at only $125/night. In Boston, you'd probably normally pay more than that for a Holiday Inn. Would recommend it to anyone, especially business travellers or couples. It would be fine for families as well, but they don't have a pool.We had drinks at the hotel bar, which was a nice, cozy place with friendly bartenders. Also had breakfast at the hotel restaurant and it was very good.Dinner the first night was at Hamersley's Bistro. I'd give it a 4 out of 5. Food was excellent, but service was not quite there. Dinner the second night was at Great Bay (attached to the Hotel Commonwealth). Not overly impressed with this place. No big complaints; it just didn't quite live up to the expectations that come along with a $180 bill for two people.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed in Cloud Nine- best ever!!       View from the top  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scooty
<Content>I love Nine Zero Nine Zero is about as close to flawless as a hotel can get. Service is professional and warm without being intrusive. The decor is sleek, modern, and cool. The view from the upper floors is fantastic, while the lower non-view rooms are cozy and a good price for Boston. Upstairs is an excellent restauarant. The location is unbeatable - right across from the Common. It's a place where you feel pampered but not fussed over. Perhaps if you want a pool or a grand lobby it isn't for you, but if you like a superb boutique hotel, this is the best. I stay here a night or two when I visit Boston, even though I could stay with relatives for free!My only complaint is the ambient techno music that plays incessantly in the lobby. Fine if you're just walking through, but if you're waiting for someone down in the lobby (as I was during a huge downpour that delayed my guests' arrival,) the music could become montonous. Well, it did for me anyway, but maybe that's just taste. I wish I had a different musical suggestion that fit the decor.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just got back from Boston and stayed at the Nine Zero. The hotel and staff are wonderful. They were quick to fulfill any request that we had. The rooms are spacious and the bathroom was very comfortable and clean. There were four of us in one room and we had plenty of space. The hotel staff was wonderful in recommending restaurants. If you love French food go to Pierrot's. For sea food Skip Jacks was wonderful. In the North End try Mike's Bakery. The gelato is wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nine Zero - the best hotel I have ever stayed at Nine Zero was quite simply the best hotel experience I have ever had and I travel a lot. After my flight was delayed for over four hours, I was dying to get to the hotel and get some sleep - this hotel provided the most comfortable bed I have ever stayed in and a lot more. The concierge and bell boy were extremely helpful - immediately rushing to take my bags when I entered the hotel (I had a lot of luggage!) and the check-in process was smooth and problem free with smiles all round despite it being past midnight. The room was pretty big and there was plenty of space for all my bags, a desk with all amenities for easy work if you're on business like I was, two luxury turkish cotton robes (so nice I bought one!) and a number of removable hangers in the large wardrobe. A nice touch was the personal bar with your own margarita, cosmo, bloody mary and apple martini mixes, along with rimmers and all sizes of glasses you could possibly need with a separate well-stocked mini-bar and fresh ice bucket. The bed was a large double with feather pillows and duvet, and I literally sinked into it!The bathroom is huge, with all toiletries you could possibly need - by Mario Russo, which smelt fantastic - and a large marble shower. Only possible complaint is no bath, but I was personally more than happy with the shower. The hotel is two minutes from Boston Common and shopping centres, and five-ten mins walk from Freedom Trail locations. I also used the gym, which although reasonably small, was deserted on Sunday morning and was supplied with numerous towels, apples and water. The accompanying showers were also clean and spacious.I was more than happy to head back to my hotel and relax after the conference - the bar and restaurant is great and despite being on a busy road the hotel was very peaceful. Needless to say check-out was just as pleasant.Essentially, what more could you ask for?! Great service, great location, great amenities, great room - I'll most definitely be back.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joopynyc
<Content>Fine, but Disappointing We were very excited to stay at Nine Zero after reading some of the glowing reviews. We also got a GREAT deal online through an airline-hotel combined package. We quickly found out, however, that you get what you pay for. The hotel is beautifully appointed with the sort of dcor we love. Spire, the hotel restaurant, was one of the highlights of our stay: In addition to the fantastic food, we had such a great time chatting with the bartender that we decided to have dinner at the bar instead of our table! So what's wrong with Nine Zero? The front desk seemed unwelcoming from the beginning. We kept asking ourselves if our reservations had a note attached to it that said These folks got a deal on the hotel, so they're not worth your smile! During a slow time when it seemed less than half the hotel was occupied, we were relegated to a noisy room across from the elevator with a window facing a brick wall. When we asked to check out an hour later because of a late flight, we were met with a curt Fine. This is not customer service at its best.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Lisab
<Content>Great Style, Comfort, Location The room was great (we needed one with two beds and it was not cramped at all! Yeah!), the staff was great, and the location is excellent! The bar was small but very chic in decor, as were all common areas and our room. Definitely NOT the stereotypical colonial Boston look, but very modern, yet always comfortable feeling. The friendly desk staff offered us umbrellas one night when it looked like rain, was always ready with restaurant suggestions and directions, and the housekeeping staff was very quick with extra mugs, coffee, towels. The city was in the middle of a record breaking heat/humid spell when we were there, but the hotel's air-conditioning was always up to the task, and easily adjustable in our room. Black-out shade at the window was welcome and mattresses were so comfortable. Have stayed at Lenox and Park Plaza and this was so much nicer. Definitely hope I get to Boston and this hotel again!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hotelspy
<Content>Location, Location, Location!! We stayed in Nine Zero for three nights. I have to say the staff were all very friendly and helpful. The bedroom looks bigger from the photos displayed on their website. Be prepared if you have a lot of shopping and bags (as we had) to be a little cramped. The bed was by far the most comfortable one I have stayed in. The bed linen (Egyptian cotton) is fab, and feather duvet and pillows. This is a very modern type hotel with a very clinical atmosphere. The lobby area is quite small and as we like to stroll around the hotel there wasn much more to see there only the hotel rooms. We ventured through the bar and restaurant which also was quite small but very chic Sex in the City style. The bar and restaurant do not seem to be part of the hotel which would have been nice as the atmosphere there was electric. We also took a stroll to the fitness room which is literally three or four treadmills.. I suppose what more do you need! Needless to say we didn use them!! The hotel permits access to another gym, which is not directly part of the hotel. We didn check that out!The location couldn't be better - right at the doorstep of all the main shopping areas and two minutes walk from Fanueil Hall also known as Quincy Market. You can really soak up the atmosphere of this historic city.If its a comfortable bed you're looking for I would highly recommend this hotel, but if its atmosphere this is not the hotel for you! Enjoyed the experience but wont be back!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>youngprof
<Content>Great amentities, Good Hotel We stayed at Nine Zero, following all of the hype. While our fantastic room was good (clean, charming decor) and the bathroom amenities were great, the hotel was very noisy, even in the middle of the night (and we were on the 15th floor). Other guests sounded like they brought their partying to their rooms after 1 am and the hotel staff doesn't turn down their walkie-talkies late at night as they walk through the halls. We ate a quick dinner at the bar as soon as we got there and the bartenders were very friendly, talkative and wonderful. The next morning we also dined at Spire for brunch and the food was delicious and the wait staff attentive. I can see why the restaurant has been given such high kudos.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I've had better This was a very nice hotel, but for the very substantial price tag, I expect a lot more! Service was medicore, rooms were decently decorated, and the view was disappointing. I'd rather stay somewhere else!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Travelin'hoody
<Content>The place to be perfect. My wife and I live in Mass, and wanted a short weekend getaway away from the kids. We chose the Nine Zero based on the Tripadvisor reviews, and I am glad we did.Took the T in, super-easy, the hotel is a short walk from the Park street station (Boston Common).The hotel is in a GREAT location. Walked almost everywhere! PFChangs, ColdStone, Bricco's (NorthEnd rest.), Fanuel Hall, Q-Market, Newberry st., Washington st (both for shopping).I noticed others marked this hotel down based on price. I guess everyone's experience will be based on expectations, and our experience exceeded our expectations.We found a deal on Expedia and paid $170/night for an 'intimate' room. At first I was worried that the room would have a view of a dumpster or something. But our room was on the 12th floor in the front of the building...not the best view, but not the worst...heck, we didn't get back to the room until around 1AM, and we were asleep by 1:01 ;) . The room was on the small side, but so are most big-city rooms.I would (and will) most definately go back to this hotel...!!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated We stayed there for a three day weekend and found the hotel to be grossly overrated. First, we booked a suite. Big mistake. All suites are located on lower floors and have just one window that look out to an office building on Tremont Street. For nearly $650/night, we found ourselves in a dark room (the bedroom had no windows to speak of). Second, we told the hotel we were traveling with a child and repeatedly requested a crib for our baby. When we arrived, no crib. When the crib did come it was old, rickety and not all that safe. Moreover, there was no room for the crib in the bedroom and the hotel concierge suggested that we push it up against the wall facing the open electrical outlets. We understand that not all hotels are outfitted to cater to children, but having made the explicit request well in advance, we had expected at least our room to be child friendly. Third, our room was in a state of disrepair. Food stains on the couch, lampshades that had burn marks from where the lightbulb had burned through, hair in the bathtub, and enough grit on the carpet that it wasn't pleasant walking barefoot through the room. Even the hotel acknowledged that our $650/night room was sub-par. Fourth, the service was not in keeping with its rating at all. We complained to the hotel manager who never showed his face. We got one voicemail message and that was it. Never heard from him again. After repeated complaints to the front desk, they knocked off $100/night on our room which didn't seem like adequate consolation, but we were just so glad to be out of the hotel we did not care at that point. We are not picky travelers who require every pillow to be fluffed and duvets to be just so. We just require value for the money we are spending. I am pretty sure that had we stayed at the Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton, the service and amenities would have been worth the money we paid. As it was, we felt like we were being robbed every night that we stayed at Nine Zero. I would definitely not recommend. At this price point, there are better options.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HaileyR24
<Content>Good but not Great The Hotels location I would say is good but too busy for my taste. The interior though very stylish but is a little too cold and uninviting, the size of the room is tiny, and the ceilings are low. On the positive side the staff is very pleasant, although not very knowledgeable at times about the surroundings. I must admit the bathroom trinkets are excellent I a sucker for those things, the mini bar is moderately priced, and the beds are great.Overall I was satisfied but not impressed and if I were to go back to Boston I would prefer to stay somewhere else  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Traveler003
<Content>Fantastic Hotel...Perfect Location Stayed at the Nine Zero for two nights during Memorial Day Weekend and could not have made a better choice. The hotel staff was friendly and provided great service. The concierge picked out great restaurants. The bed is amazing...where can I buy those pillows! Splurge on a Spectacular room and you will not be disappointed by the floor to ceiling windows overlooking Boston Common and the skyline. The hotel's location is perfect. All T (subway) lines are within 3 blocks, the Common is right out the door, Newbury Street shopping is very close. Overall, great place, excellent location, fantastic style.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boston chic at a great price Nine Zero is great - superb location and within walking distance of just about everything you'd want to see in this fab city. The staff are friendly and accommodating, even when we decided to change rooms at nearly midnight (all done with a smile). Breakfast is pricey but worth it and the concierge will happily book tables for you at other places if you want a bit more atmosphere with your seafood... We booked direct with the hotel and negotiated a better rate than we could find on the internet so it's definitely worth calling them first.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>unclejames
<Content>Great luxury hotel       Nine Zero is twenty seconds' walk down Tremont Street from here, as seen in early evening  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MJohnsToronto
<Content>Very cool boutique hotel! I stayed at Nine Zero recently for a business trip. The hotel is small, but very nice and in an excellent location. Across the street from the Boston Common, walking distance to Quincy Market, and other great shopping. The rooms are extremely well equipped and nicely decorated. I'll definitely return with my husband or girlfriends for a weekend getaway!  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comparison Nine Zero and Onyx Stayed in March and April of 05 for a few days in the Onyx and at the Nine Zero. Yes, both of them are so called boutique hotels and there are some differences but as usual it all depends how you weight them. Overall I had a pleasant experience in both hotels but would both not consider as 4 star hotels. I stayed in the lowest room category at both hotels and both had fairly small rooms and bathrooms. They were definitely boutique with some interesting furniture. If I go again pivately I would probably choose the Onyx because of the cheaper room rate. If I go again with my company I would probably choose the Nine Zero.Onyx:Plus: - Location fairly central- Up to $70 cheaper per night then the Nine Zero (sometimes good internet deals)- You can keep the CD they have at the room- Free internetNegative:- Low key bar (it not a restaurant)- Staff sometimes a bit slow with taxi ordering- - No gym (pass is offered to close by sports club but club is not up to standard)Nine ZeroPlus:- Very central location- Excellent restaurant- Free internetNegative- Can be much more expensive then Onyx- Mini gym (pass is offered to close by sports club but club is not up to standard)  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mcneelj
<Content>Perfect, stylish, hip awesome room, great food at the restaurant --new chef and the bar was fun and stylish. the view was great. will be back.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warm Reception: A bit TOO warm. Stayed at the Nine Zero on a March weekend based on reviews on this site. Had problems with temperature control in the room which had settings of high or none at all. Room like an oven after leaving cooling on for several hours. Unable to cool the room without opening the window. Noted multiple others at checkout with same complaint; staff not terribly responsive to issue, told it was a generalized problem with the entire building. Other aspects of stay were fine.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>RosieCLondon
<Content>Great attention to detail We stayed at this hotel for three nights in March 2005. It is very well located in the centre of the city, close to all places of interest, and just across from the Common. The room was a good size, with great attention to detail - we liked the design furniture and the little flourishes like the cocktail bar. Service was discreet and helpful. The hotel is good value given its location and elegance. Only one complaint: the sink in our bathroom had a large crack running across it. Other than that, we were very pleased with our choice. We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Weekend Hotel Other then having a difficult time finding the hotel (everything is a one way street), everything there was great. Everything from the check in to check out went smooth. We were able to get into our room at about 12:30 rather then the 3:00 usual check in time, and courtesy check out time was 2:00 rather then 12:00. The Intimate room was a little small for a long stay. It was just he right size for the amount of stuff two people would need for a long weekend. The only things I found strange was there was no lock on the bathroom door.All the employees did more then expected in trying to make our stay a conformable one. Everyone was as helpful as they come. Its in a great location too...not too far from all the attractions most people want to see when they are in Boston. The hotel is only about 2 years old so everything is new, modern and clean!Overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a nice quiet stay in a pretty busy city...or anyone else for that matter.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Wimsey
<Content>Stylish Urban Hotel The Nine Zero is a stylish boutique hotel right in the center of Boston. Our room was spacious and inviting, and featured a martini bar rather than the conventional mini bar. The hotel restaurant, Spire, is rated as one of the top hotel dining rooms and it didn't disappoint. We had an excellent dinner and the atmosphere was perfect. I'd recommend making reservations early, since we were lucky to get a table. I also had breakfast there, and although it was a great meal it seemed bit expensive for breakfast. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and accomodating, especially Richard, the concierge, who introduced us to some excellent local restaurants. I wouldnt' stay anywhere else in Boston.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the Best in the WORLD according to T  We stayed at Nine Zero for 4 nights in June. The hotel is easily in my top 5 hotels in the US, particularly for the short $$ it costs. I booked online for $199/n. The rooms are alittle small but very warm  cozy. The bed and linen are the best. Forget about W's Heavenly beds, these beds try to coax you into staying in bed all day. All down spreads, mattress covers,  pillows. Plush robes. There are CD (w/remote control) players in the room for ambience and a wide selection of CDs can be borrowed from the front desk. Rooms are cleaned twice daily. They leave fresh Ice in your room for you in the evening! A very nice touch that I dont think I would have thought about. Nice change from the cookie cutter hotel chains.  It is ranked in the Top 60 Hotels in THE WORLD by TL Magazine  even featured as a Top 10 Boston Hotel on Travel Channel. Very chic  modern feel. Only CONs I had were that the Lobby  the Hotel Restaraunt is alittle too fancy for our tastes. Kinda of one of those where you pay $100 for dinner (w/o our alcohol $$ included in this figure mind you)  the food was only okay. Maybe our palates weren't sophisticated enuff. But in a city like Boston, there are plenty of other places to eat.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tampa_Law_Guy
<Content>Think a W without the attitude Just spent three nights at Nine Zero with my partner and was glad to see that it lived up to the hype. Check-in was smooth. We had originally booked an intimate room through Quikbook and upgraded to a fantastic room for $25 more a night. The employees at the front desk were always helpful. The lobby is fairly small. There is a living room-like space to the immediate right once you enter the lobby. It has some comfortable sofas and chairs to relax in while waiting to go out or even to read the paper in the morning. The decor is very modern and streamlined, but with good use of warm colors to make it feel more inviting. The room was a good size with a king bed that was very comfortable. The duvet is very warm and comfy as well. The room is decorated in earth tones and the furniture is very modern, black, but very functional. The one thing we did laugh at was that it seemed like everything in the room had a price tag. There is a price list in the entertainment center that gives you the price for snacks and drinks, but also t-shirts, stuffed bear, playing cards, baseball caps and even a condom set all bearing the Nine Zero name and logo! You can even buy the Mario Russo products in the bathroom from them!The bathroom was a good size, decorated in white and gray marble. The aforementioned Mario Russo products were very nice. I would have loved a double vanity, but the space did not seem to be an issue with just one sink. The fitness center is pretty basic but all you would need at a hotel. The business center on the third floor was convenient as I needed to send and receive faxes during the trip. The hotel provides complimentary high speed interest access in all rooms, which was very nice, except that I got 5 viruses over the weekend that I needed to have removed from my laptop. Our only complaint was that the room did get a bit warm at night in spite of turning the air control all the way to the cool setting. While it may have been 30 degrees outside, the room was a bit stuffy overnight because they pumped in heated air regardless of your individual control settings.As far as the location, the hotel is in a pretty quiet area at night. During week days, it is a bit more animated as the business district is to the back of the hotel. The hotel is about two blocks from the Government Center T stop and about two blocks in the other direction from the Park Street T stop at Boston Common. This makes it very easy to get around the city on the various subway lines. While we took a taxi cab in the night we got in, we walked over to the Government Center T stop the last day and caught the subway to the Airport stop. It cost only $1.25 a person and took only 15 minutes. You then board a bus from the station that takes you directly to your departing terminal. All in all, I would say that the Nine Zero was a pleasant experience and that we enjoyed the facilities and customer service. We would definitely consider staying there again on a return trip to Boston.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gameranger
<Content>Absolute magic I recenty stayed at the nine zero hotel in tremont street in Boston (early march 2005). The staff cannot do enough for their guests to ensure their stay is a memorable one, from the porters to the reception, concierge, room service....basically all the staff i came into contact with. The room i stayed in was well layed out, very comfortable and with nice additionals like a cd library and a very big range of bathroom accesories plus a well appointed bar with valuable extras like maps of boston and a host of others. The room was very clean, the linen nice and comfortable to sleep on and the views of the commons magic.This hotel scores very high on my list, to give an example...After my stay at the nine zero i proceeded on to chicago, on my return from chicago, en route to the UK, i had to stop over at Logan airport. My plane was leaving for the U.K approx 7 hrs later and there was nowhere to check my luggage in--I contacted the nine zero and they offered to keep my luggage while i used up time walking around Boston, not only that, I was offerd a room at a really knock down rate to refresh myself in before i left fo the U.K en route to S.ANow thats what i call client service from a magic, modern well appointed and situated clean and well staffed hotel. If I ever return guess where i will stay...no prizes for guessing right  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! I stayed at Nine Zero in Boston and was able to stay on the top floor for only 125.00USD per night. The staff was very helpful. The only issue I had was when we checked out and the front desk clerk asked for another 330.00USD. I explained I had already prepaid. However the clerk smiled and said no problem. I then left and went on my merry way.GOOD LOCATION!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brianmu02
<Content>My new favorite hotel in Boston Just got back from celebrating my one year wedding anniversary at the Nine Zero in Boston. Before we even got there, we were pleased with the wonderful service. We were suppose to be there the weekend of the blizzard (Jan 22), but had to cancel obviously. They cancelled our reservation the morning we were suppose to check in no questions asked then rebooked us on Valentine's weekend for the same rate even though the rate should have been $60 higher. Upon arrival, we were treated with first class service from the bellman/valet to the front desk attendant. Check-in took less than five minutes and when we go to the room, someone had gone in right before we arrived and turned on the stereo for some music upon entry. The room was excellent, appointed very nicely. The martini set was a nice little touch, different from your normal hotel. The only complaint with the room was it was too hot. But being an old building, they can only have hot air or cool air coming out of the vents, so we just turned it off and opened the windor a bit. The location was great, right on the Freedom trail, short walk to the common. We actually walked back from Copley Square, which in the winter was a bit rough, but in the summer would be a nice little stroll. I would definitely recommend this hotel if your staying in Boston for someplace to stay that is not like your typical Marriott, Hyat, Westin, etc. Similar to a W Hotel, only nice in my opinion.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PrettyPrankster
<Content>The only place I would stay in Boston! I simply love this hotel. Sure, you can find less pricey places to stay, but there are so many good things about the Nine Zero that I find it to be worth every penny. The location cannot be beat. Just up the street from the Boston Commons, right on the Freedom Trail, near Filene's, just mere blocks from the Orpheum and only five minutes to a major T-stop. The decor of the hotel is beautiful, but then I'm all about clean, modern design. The rooms are very well-kept and contain all the necessary amenities. Even having purchased my reservations through Expedia on each occasion I've stayed at the Nine Zero, I am still greeted with a welcome back! when I check in. The staff is efficient and helpful. The conceirge went out of her way in setting up a shuttle to the airport for me and delivering documentation directly to my room. I'm not a usual talk to the concierge kind of person, so maybe I should have expected all of that. But I was impressed that, for such a slight little arrangement that they even managed to make me feel as if I were being pampered. I enjoyed eating in Spire and found the food to be well above average. Upon asking a few questions of my wait person, regarding preparation of the dinner I was eating, the chef came out to answer the questions personally. The menu has been interesting and creative, each time I've eaten there. All in all, one of my favorite hotels in this, or any other, country!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classy Hotel Spent the weekend here January 14th  15th 2005. The room had a spectacular view and the people working their from the doorman to the concierge(Richard) were top notch and true professionals! The hotel is in the best location to the common or a stroll to the north end for some great dining! You will love everything about the hotel!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Amazing! I stayed at Nine Zero for two nights (Nov 21-22, 2004) and had an amazing experience. When I first checked into my Fantastic room, it had a queen bed and seemed a bit small, but had a window overlooking Boston Common. I immediately called the front desk, who offered to move me to a larger room on the other side of the building that had no view. Since I didn't intend to be in my hotel room much during the visit, I thought this was a worthy trade -- and, in retrospect, I made the right decision! My bigger Fantastic room had a king bed and was very spacious. The amenties in the bathroom were terriffic and the overall decor was very chic. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful. Perhaps the best part was the location- right off of Boston Common, you can walk almost anywhere in a hurry (plus, the T station is a block away on the direct line to Harvard).One downside was that the hotel lobby is rather small and uninviting. While it's fashionably decorated, the lobby makes for a poor waiting room. My only other issue was the price of room service: $40 for soup/sandwich/juice seemed excessive.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Price for Lovely Hotel and Staff Excellent hotel, room was great, staff were very friendly. Room was clean, sheets were clean, bathroom was clean, had a great view, stayed one night which cost $180, but $205 after taxes. Excellent value for that price ... i would recommend it to anyone who would like a lovely hotel for a reasonable price.I stayed there on Nov 26 for one night and would stay again.. i got that price just from walking in... next time i would book online in advance and prob get a better rate again....worth trying.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tops in the Hub! Stayed here three nights in November 2004 in a spectacular room, and it was! The view of Beacon Hill, the Boston Common, the State House, etc. was awesome. The staff is very friendly and definitely interested in making their guests comfortable and happy. The decor is ultra modern. The room was very clean. The toiletries are great quality. The bed was simply one of the most comfortable I've ever had the pleasure of using. They offer 'turn-down' service in the evening and they replace towels (if they've been used), fill the ice bucket, etc. It's all very nice. The location is wonderful: easy walking distance to many sites and a stone's throw to the public transportation system if you do not want to walk. Oh! They also provide you with umbrellas to use during your stay if needed.One small complaint: the water pressure in the shower was poor. However, since everthing else was truly wonderful, it was only a small nuisance. I'd come back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bluebonnet4
<Content>Great location, service and decadent living! I have stayed this hotel 2 times and both times were out of this world. Therooms are huge with wonderful city views and the service was exceptional. The2nd stay we were upgraded to a spectacular room with floor to ceiling windows which was fabulous. We ate breakfast at Spire each morning (4) and it was 5 star service/food and we had dinner there on our final evening which wassuperb. I would highly recommend this hotel for a stay in Beantown location by Boston Commons - walking distance to Fanuiel Hall/Quincy Marketand subways to get you anywhere in the city. When in Boston again the Nine Zero is home away from home.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Exactlyhowitwas
<Content>Very Very Comfortable Super comfortable Spectacular room with fantastic views of the city. The beds and Egyptian linnen are just amazing! Price was fine (about $335) considering we had just come from a very average B  B in Chatham (Captain's House Inn - don't bother!) which was not a lot cheaper! Very chic, modern and extremely clean and efficiently managed. Would not hesitate to go back. Stayed for 5 nights and got really well looked after.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern but still cosy We stayed at Nine Zero for 3 nights at the beginning of September. When booking I had advised we would be on our honeymoon and that we would appreciate a room with a good view of the city. We had booked a 'fantastic' room - and we got a fantastic view - definitely worth asking for! The hotel also surprised us with champagne and strawberries. The room was clean, of an average size  the decor was sleek and modern but still cosy. The bed was very comfortable and the toiletries provided in the bathroom smelt so nice I took them with me! We found every member of staff to be proactive, friendly, very efficient and helpful - and to remember who we were. The hotel is very well located for seeing the city and the sights although the downside of this was that we found the city noise to be a bit much at night. The only other downside was that the room had only a shower and no bath which I would have expected for a hotel in this price range. We loved Boston and intend to visit again. We would certainly consider the Nine Zero - and if they would only soundproof those windows we would return without a doubt....Also - loved the 'cocktail' minibar - every hotel should have one like that!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not even close to worth it. Booked the spectacular view room at $330/night. We ended up staying at the hotel for about 4 hours. Upon arriving, we found our room to be unsatisfactory. Everything was covered in a layer of dust. The desk and tv cabinet were both painted black, and were beaten up. The scratches and gouges in the wood were colored in with a black magic marker, I kid you not. It kind of looked like Trading Spaces had been through the room. You know, lots of trendy trinkets and colors, but when you look closely you see the crappy paint job. Did I mention the stains that were visible on the comforter covering the bed? The covers were black and white stripes, and the black showed every drip of, well, whatever bodily fluid.The staff was pleasant, and moved us to another room. This room featured a similar layer of dust, except this time there was no dust in the main areas of the desk. You could actually see where the staff had cleaned and where they had not. The pillowcases had rips/shreds in them. We had seen enough. We took our bags to the front desk, informed the clerk we were leaving, and he responded with oh ok.Clearly not a 4 or 5 star property. The rooms, besides being dirty poorly maintained, were quite small. It's trendy/cool, but it doesn't say a lot for the crowd that thinks this place is it. We moved to the Ritz-Carlton down the street, and for the same price we were treated to a 4-post featherbed and white-glove service.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sejdd
<Content>very chic hotel We stayed at Nine Zero over Labor Day Weekend. We arrived in the morning not expecting our room to be ready, but they upgraded us to a fantastic room right away. The rooms are nicely appointed and the beds and linens are wonderful. The concierge was very helpful and got us an excellent table at an Italian resturant called Lucca's-which had very good food. Definitely would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel blunted only by Spire Have just returned from an amazing holiday in America, four nights of which were spent at Nine Zero. Whilst you cannot, no doubt, please everyone previous reviews criticising the staff and service seem entirely unjustified. The most helpful bell trolley and reception service greeted us whenever we needed it. The feel of the hotel was trendy but relaxed. The rooms we had were to a very high standard. Our last night stopover (after a 4 night trip to Cape Cod) included a free upgraded room (which was a genuine upgrade from the room we had first stayed in - which we had been more than happy with).The one slight disappointment - our meal in Spire. It just tried too hard with overly fussy food and seems to have been over-hyped by the available reviews. There are plenty other great places to eat in Boston - but for accomodation I cant see it being beaten. When I return to Boston I will stay here again  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice location If you are looking for an easy location for walking to see everything, then this is a great place. The front desk clerks could use a little personality. The rooms are clean and very chic. If you are looking for a true luxury hotel, check elsewhere. I'd give a 3-star rating.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Stylish Hotel in Boston Nine Zero was a fantastic hotel in Boston. Besides being incredibly comfortable and stylish, the staff were gracious and friendly. Lots of nice touches in the bathrooms, Mini streo system, high speed. The restaurant is also worth checking out  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>chic but not five-star Got NineZero on Hotwire for $201/night (it was running about $239 on other websites). Location is very convenient, lobby small but elegant. Valet took our car but there was no one in sight to assist with luggage so we carried into the room ourselves. Were told that we were upgraded to fantastic room. I am not sure wha the lower category looks like but this room was quite small. The linens are indeed Frette and the bed is very comfortable. Liked the toiletries but there was no tub just shower. In the morning there was no newspaper which had been promised. Asked for a bucket of ice, and it was delivered promptly. Overall it was worth the money but did not feel in the lap of luxury  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful, hip in a great location My husband and I stayed at Nine Zero from Aug 13-16, 2004. I was a bit nervous reading the bad reviews, but we had no problems with the hotel. We had the smallest room, which really was quite small, but it was very well appointed and laid out. The free high speed internet was great. The bed is very comfy with plenty of pillows. The hotel design is very contemporary which we enjoy. We enjoyed having cocktails at the spire bar ( I especially enjoyed the flirtini). We had breakfast on Sat morning at Spire and while it was good-it was very expensive (I did notice that they have a separate breakfast menu for the weekdays and the prices are lower). The service was great and all staff members were very friendly and helpful (they even kept my cannoli chilled in their refrigerator for me overnight!) The hotel is very conviently located near Boston Common. It's a short walk to Fanueil Hall, the North End and Newberry Street. We would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ADH001
<Content>No ice please! Our first visit to Boston. The hotel is wonderful. Fantastic location in downtown Boston. Easily walkable to most of the major attractions. Our only complaint was that on our first night, we were given a room whose bathroom backed on to the room with the ice machine, so all night we kept being woken by people filling ice buckets or the machine simply producing another batch of ice. To be fair to the hotel, after we complained the next morning, they found us another room and moved all our luggage for us. We found all the hotel staff to be very courteous and helpful without being in your face all the time. Rooms are good sized, but wardrobe space is geared more for business travellers than holiday makers. Overall, an excellent place to stay. we would certainly go back  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Calvin_Anna
<Content>Excellent After reading a few very different reviews i was a little scared but found an excellent deal on the hotel, so gave it a try any way. It was teriffic. Great location, great amenities in the room, very fast room service. I will definitelly be back. And working for a hotel myself, I can say that I WILL BE recommending this hotel for everyone I know.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lulu_2004
<Content>Modern  My husband and I stayed here for the 4th of July and found Nine Zero to be very accomodating. No problems with service. Professional, clean and on the modern side. Will recommend to others and will be returning again!!! They also had a buckwheat pillow for me. Not many hotels carry them.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the business traveller!! I stayed at the Nine-Zero for a night when in Boston for business. It was terrific! The place is very chic and the bed is incredibly comfortable with a terrific shower and bathroom. The service was great--quick check-in, hailing cabs, and I ordered breakfast the night before and it arrived bang-on time and was very tasty.The free in-room internet service is awesome and I got more work done there listening to the awesome sterio than I do at home! I highly recommend this place. Staff is friendly and not snobby or snooty like they are at the old time hotels. The only thing they can improve is that the health club was a little small--but good equipment (3 treadmills, a few stair climbers), but they had a TV in that room.I would definitely stay there again (although pricey).  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly Staff  We recently spent two evenings at Nine Zero and received excellent service from the Nine Zero staff. Jennifer was particularly helpful. My husband left a jacket in the room and he had to call from the airport to ask them to ship it, which they did promptly. The very comfortable hotel shuttle service (not complimentary) took us to the airport. The driver was the most professional and nicest driver I have ever encountered. The doorman was warm and friendly. Regarding the hotel itself - the rooms were very clean and comfortable. I would not describe this hotel as romantic in any way. I personally think this hotel is more suitable for a business traveler. However, we enjoyed our stay and the location suited our needs perfectly. It is on the Freedom Trail and within walking distance to Fanueil Hall, Financial District, Boston Gardens and Newbury Street.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel, but service is inconsistent This was an overall lovely hotel. The design is very clean and modern. The choice of Frette linens is impeccable, and our room was very spacious and had a lovely view of Boston. However, the service staff still need basic service training. The hotel maids did a very cursory job in cleaning and did not replenish the toiletries. Room service meals arrived incomplete, with the rest of the meal arriving about 45 minutes later. As well, the restaurant menu is overpriced for the quality and taste. Despite this, the hotel is well-located and very comfortable.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All style, no substance We booked this hotel because it looked stylish. The location is suberb, as are the rooms. Comfy beds, a spacious shower and fab toiletries.There the luxury ends. The staff were inconsistent. Some more than willing to help, offering ideas of where to go, what to do. Others were downright rude. I had phoned in advance and booked a bottle of champagne to be in my room as a thank you to my boyfriend for taking me away. Not only was the champagne not waiting, but when I enquired at reception as to where it was, I was asked if I had booked it at the right hotel. There was no sorry, no attempt to rectify the situation. Then when I returned home, I found my Visa card had been charged for it. I phoned and complained and was assured, after faxing them a copy of my bill, that they would get back to me. Unsurprisingly, they still haven't responded 24 hours later.The room also was not stocked properly (we only had one bathrobe and the coffee sachets were not replaced after we had drunk the one we were given).Nine Zero could be a lovely boutique hotel. Instead it is a sweatshirt pretending to be a cashmere sweater.As a footnote to my previous review, Nine Zero has now fully re-imbursed my Visa card  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, nice staff I booked this hotel through Hotwire for a five night stay in early June. I did have to pay an extra $30/night for a room with two double beds but it was worth it. We checked in about 4 hours later than we expected due to airline delays. Our first room was a smoking room but we were immediately moved to a non-smoking room on the fourth floor. The hotel offered to improve our room the next night and we were moved to a room on the 16th floor that had a fantastic view. The staff at the concierge desk was really helpful. One staff member even remembered that my daughter needed some medical attention on our arrival and enquired about her health when we checked out. My only negative feedback was that the water pressure in the shower was much better on the fourth floor than it was on the sixteenth floor but that view made this inconvenience a minor one.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Space, awful service We just returned back from our second trip to Nine Zero and for the second time the service was terrible! We had so many problems the first visit that they upgraded us to a one bedroom suite. When we arrived the first night - it had been given away so they said they would move us the next day. For the night (and instead of moving) we stayed in a Spectacular Room which is on a high floor and just lovely with beautiful views of the city, comfortable beds and nice marbel bathrooms. In our two stays at Nine Zero only one time did someone offer to help us with bags, rarely did anyone offer to get us a taxi for the most part the staff was pretty much clueless. I would never stay here again - a room with a view is simply not enough - I have NO IDEA how this hotel has earned top reviews in it is not worthy at all.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just ok We stayed at the nine zero for a weekend in April. We found it to be just ok. We had a problem checking in due to the fact that the room were sent to was already occupied. The staff apolozed and said they would give us an upgrade but what we ended up with was what we booked. They also gave us a coupon for free breakfast at their restaurant. Food isn't that good and over priced for what you get. Food trays from room service seem to sit around for about 24 hours. Maid and mini bar service comes too early or too late and sometimes don't return if they can't enter on their first try. The best thing about the hotel is the comfortable bed. Beware of the fees for parking!  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Poor Service I stayed at the hotel for several weeks on business and found it to be uneven at best.The hotel itself is nice. The design is modern and chic, but inviting. The rooms have some nice amenities, including comfortable beds and a fast internet connection.The young-ish staff, on the other hand, seemed inexperienced and unschooled in hospitality. Wake-up calls and breakfast frequently arrived late, if at all. A colleague's laundry was lost for several days. Maids began knocking on doors at 8 a.m.By far the worst experience of my stay, however, was being bumped from my room. I awoke one morning to find my bill placed under the door. When I called to inquire why, I was told that my reservation had ended and that the hotel was fully booked for the evening. Incredulous, I asked the hotel's reservations desk to look into this and fix what must have been a simple mistake on their part. I was greeted, alternately, with indifference, denials and blame. Worst of all, the staff made no attempt to rectify their error in any way, even by offering to find me a room at another hotel. Over time, the hotel may iron out its service problems, but for now I would not recommend it.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, Great value, Great service Nine Zero has the basic look and feel of an Ian Shrager hotel (Royalton, Paramount, Mercer -- cool ambiance, fashionable, minimalist), but MUCH bigger rooms and MUCH less expensive. The staff is very friendly and accomodating, and the food is definitely better than most hotel cuisine at similar price levels. It's located right downtown -- meaning a very short walk to Downtown Crossing, the Financial District (Post Office Square), Fanueil Hall, and Boston Commons. It's also about a 7 minute cab ride to Copley/Prudential and Newbury Street shopping. They also have a great in-house car service that is the same price as a cab, but the difference being that it is a brand new minivan with an 18 LCD playing DVDs to watch while you're being whisked around Boston by a very friendly driver employed by Nine Zero. Really enjoyed our stay, and definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A true pleasure I stayed at the Nine Zero for a recent weekend in Boston, and am pleased to report that it is one of the few hotels I've EVER stayed at which I felt was worth its cost. The room (smallest version, Intimate) was not huge, but was fantastically comfortable, very stylish, and impeccably cleaned and prepared (with the trivial exception of a missing bulb in the desk lamp-- which was immediately remedied by the staff, along with an extra bathrobe I requested.) My room on the 14th floor was not supposed to have any view at all, but actually looked out directly at the Old North Church. I had brought a bottle of wine from home, with a corkscrew-- but was pleased to find a corkscrew and wine glasses already in the room. Check in and check out were civilized and efficient. Staff in the hallways were cheerful and polite. The location is unbeatable. I grew up in Boston, and have rarely stayed in hotels in my home city-- but the experience at Nine Zero was so delightful I expect to make a habit of it.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A new standard in hotel elegance! Recently my husband and I had to visit Boston, MA on business and we searched the web to find an upscale hotel in the heart of Boston that was contemporary, immaculate and moderately priced. What we found in Nine Zero Hotel was even better. From their attentive staff, to their exquisite modern decor, to the details and amenities in our room (The Fantastic Room), we were thoroughly impressed and satisfied with our stay. Kudos on the fabulous choice of bed linen and unique headboard design. What a comfortable sleep! We can't wait to visit Boston again. Nine Zero Hotel made our business trip seem like a vacation.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great boutique hotel My friend and I spent 5 nights at the Nine Zero in March and were very impressed by the service and general ambience. We prefer staying in boutique type hotels and were not disappointed. The room was spacious for a city hotel room, with lots of gadgets and great wine glasses! The beds were extremely comfortable and the bathroom big enough for two girls and their lotions and potions.Very good location and french toast! Will definitely stay here next time I am in Boston.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the family We arrived via taxi from the train and the friendly staff let us check in before noon, and the next day, after checkout, they kept our bags safe for us until after 7:00 p.m. At dinnertime, it was pouring rain so we peeked in to the restaurant with our two boys (aged 8 and 10) -- they saw us and said come on in, we'll cook for all of you. The boys had a great meal and went on back up to the room and we sat and had the most romantic, delicious meal I've ever while travelling with the family. The room had a huge Wow factor for all of us, reasonable view, modern but inviting decor, fabulous bathroom and lots of electronics to keep all happy. We will go back there and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>relaxation... Our entire experience at the Nino Zero was relaxing and wonderful. Our room was on the 19th floor in the back corner. This allowed us for a great amount of privacy (I didn't hear another person the entire time) and the views of Boston especially at night were fabulous. The Nine Zero is located in the heart of downtown, between walking and a subway pass for the T we didn't need to spend any additional money on taxis. Each day we had breakfast in our rooms, the food was great and the service right on time. The staff was helpful when requested. I can't say enough great things about this hotel. This is the only place we'll ever stay in Boston.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Charm and No Service We visit Boston alot trying new places and this hotel is not able to take care of its guests.We couldn't even get breakfast in the morning. Waiting for almost a hour.They said they are very busy and no tables open for the morning. Recomended to go next door to at another restaurant.  We enjoy working out every day and the exercise room is so small everytime we went to go there we couldnt use it with 4 pieces always being used this was inconveinent to us. Paying this much for a hotel we should be able to use the services and get something for our money besides a standard hotel room. The housekeeping staff cleaned our room so late we had to go out again and were rushed to get to dinner on time. There is no parking and it took almost a hour to get our car back and even to find the hotel entrance was crazy as its in a alley tucked behind another big hotel and dirty street with dumpsters and construction equipment. We did have a good breakfast next door after they recomended trying there which would be faster.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boutique Hotels are the best! Wow, what a find. If you're used to staying at the typical Boston hotels like Marriott, Sheraton, Copley Plaza etc, recommend Nine Zero for a totally new experience. I found it on www.boutiquehotelsandresorts.com/intro.html Nine Zero, thanks for making the trip to Boston so good I hope to get an assignment to come back asap and Boutique Hotels  Resorts Int'l should certainly get praise for bringing boutique hotels to light!! Best, Kerry  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel great location Stayed here over New Year. A really nice hotel and so close to that downtown shopping and the Common etc. Staff were great but understated and our stay was very enjoyable. Our best Boston stay to date and would come again  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous hotel for business travel I stayed at Nine Zero while in town for business. My only regret was that I could only stay one night! Everything was wonderful, from the bell person who not only dug my luggage out of the taxi, but set up my (complimentary!) high-speed internet access before leaving my room, to the comfortable bed, to the great shower. The rooms are not the standard cookie-cutter decor, and I appreciated the change. Also, I have to mention the room service. I'm usually wary about room service, but tried it here, and was pleasantly surprised. I had a delicious meal - home made pasta with wild mushrooms, fresh asparagus, and perfectly grilled chicken - at a reasonable price. I really can't imagine staying anywhere else when in Boston for business.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous I went to the Nine Zero for my birthday. I loved the place. The rooms are so modern that they're retro...or vice versa. However you look at it, they did a good job selecting fixtures, linens, architects, location, anything you can mention.I loved that the chair was ergonomic. I loved that the TV and entertainment center was recessed into the wall, so that even a small room felt bigger. I loved that the mattress was comfier than mine at home. And, I loved that I could go anywhere in Boston so easily from the hotel...mostly walking, but also within a block of 2 or 3 T stations.If you like a hotel staff to smile and use your name and all that, you'll love it.My only hesitation in calling this place the best available is that I was there during a slow week...so I don't know how they handle a full house. Even then, I can't imagine a night or two at the Nine Zero to be anything less than fabulous.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janiekins
<Content>Loved Nine Zero Stayed at Nine Zero on July 16, 2003. Great service. Nice rooms, comfortable beds. Would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vermontman
<Content>My new Boston home Booked Nine Zero in August, 2003 for an overnight business trip. As Boston is a regular business destination for me, I am usually unhappy about the price to value ratio as Boston has too few hotels which charge far too much for what you get. I found Nine Zero on the web on short notice and hoped that the hotel looked something like the website. What a pleasant surprise. The rooms are fun-- the decorator must have been given free rein. The restuarant was excellent, the bar convivial, and the location perfect---Samuel Adams is buried in the Common right across the street. I spent ten minutes looking at the decor in the restaurant close up-- from the lampshades to the curtains, and marvelled at the taste and creativity. Good staff--all very cheerful, and well priced. My one night business trip was like a short vacation thanks to Nine Zero.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Bad Start Planned a Birthday surprise for my husband, drove to Boston from Maine with another couple, whom we were treating to the weekend. I had taken alot of time to plan the schedule for the day, played golf in Chestnut hills, got just the correct tee time, so we could check into the hotel on time at 3:00.Wanted to relax and get ready for our dinner reservations. I called the hotel to verify the check in time and to reconfirm our suite and additional room for our guests . They told me everything was all set. When we arrived at the hotel they told us there was one small problem. Our room would not be ready until 5:00 because the guest had a problem getting out of town on time. Now I don't know about anyone else, but spending $700.00 a night would entitle me to check in at the stated check in time. I was very angry and asked the desk person, how could you say yes to their request to stay late when you knew the room was rented out. As far as I am concerned they were enjoying the room for additional time on my dime. They reduced our room by 100.00 dollars, the money meant nothing compared to disruption it caused in our plans. Personally I don't think we will stay their again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay Funky and clean room. Very helpful service; happy to provide suggestions for restaurants, sightseeing options. Central location. Very good stylish restaurant, with interesting menu and excellent service, but not cheap! If you can afford it you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MableUpstateny
<Content>not totally up to their image Stayed there in July, 2003. The first room we were checked into had very damp carpeting--from being recently cleaned. Not pleasant in bare or stockinged feet. They moved us (to a room with a less pleasant view), and that room needed a good dusting--baseboards, furniture trim, blinds. Cleanliness of rooms is important in any hotel, but particularly in these boutique hotels that are so much about image and design details. Dust doesn't compliment the effort to be both modern and comfortable. Other than that, the rooms are nicely appointed--good beds and linens, chairs, etc.The bar was okay--but we preferred the bar at the Parker House down the street. We had dinner at the Spire, their restaurant which was also fine--but I wouldn't say fantastic.The staff were pleasant--and the concierge helpful.Location is good--although somewhat difficult to find if you're driving. Once you're there you can walk or take the subway easily.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel M y family and I stayrd at this hotel for one week during the month of July2003.When we first arrived someone had cancelled our reservation by mistake.The front desk staff was very apologetic,and offered us a bigger room at a discounted rate.[worked in our favour].The hotel is modern and stylish.The room we stayed in was comfortable and clean.The bed is so very comfy.Down pillows and frette linens.We didn't have a great view,but the niceness of the room made up for this.I am very picky,but this hotel passed my test.If you are looking for a small ,chic clean and nice hotel I would recommend the nine zero.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish Hotel What an stylish boutique hotel this is. Everything is clean and elegant and service is excellent. I had dinner at Spyrus (the hotel restaurant) and there is no way to describe the quality of food. This restaurant is a MUST. The hotel also has great location.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sexy Hotel! Great Hotel, very clean, neat, stylish, friendly staff. Few comments, I did request a view, I got a brick wall and neighboring building, also the CD collection is overrated, only about 80 CD's, the good ones are usually checked out. Bring your on and leave them. Overall this is by far a top hotel in Boston, throw down the cash and live it up while in town! Peyton Trent.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nine Zero comes up empty Nine Zero is a very pricey cramped hotel totally lacking in services/equipment for handicapped travellers. Some of the staff are helpful, but others are rude and condescending. One clerk told me how I could manage without a shower chair. The concierge is adequate at best. The restaurant and bar are very expensive and mediocre. It is impossible to do much of anything in the hotel without someone expecting a gratuity. The two rooms in which we stayed were very dark and looked out on an ugly building.  
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Betsy78
<Content>Nine Zero, Ten+ Stay!   showReview(933726, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a zero-sum game   showReview(932807, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrTed
<Content>Nine Zero is fabulous!   showReview(927633, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value!   showReview(861811, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best   showReview(835170, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>When the chip's are down...   showReview(830700, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best of Boston Luxury   showReview(815087, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxurious   showReview(720407, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PeterGCapeCod_MA
<Content>Outstanding value   showReview(696661, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nine Zero - Hotel Perfection.   showReview(646384, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hemba
<Content>Gutes Hotel, zentral gelegen   showReview(19933589, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	3	3	5	

<Author>danimerolone
<Content>Hotel di design in pieno centro       L'accappatoio glamour  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Si on retourne  Boston on ira surement dans cet htel!   showReview(19629953, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne qualit d'hotel   showReview(19629951, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>trs bien situ, jolie dco ,mais manque un espace de vie dans l'hotel   showReview(19629954, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Lage, schickes Hotel   showReview(18531873, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

